<Author>geordy
<Content>Very Happy Here! Made a decision to stay on the right bank last trip and this hotel seemed perfect. Good reviews, centralish location..okay the Movie background! It is a small , lovely hotel in a very old building. Our room was one of the largest I've had in Paris and it was just a standard double bed room with bath. Interesting furnishings and details.I always insist on A/C in Sept. but only needed it the first afternoon...and that was only because we were actually in the hotel in the afternoon because we were not able to check in until after one. The staff were all efficient, the elevator tiny but fortunarely working as we were on the 5th flooy(though we often walked down), did not take breakfast as there are plenty of cafes and such in the area.Very convenient if you are there for shopping, the Opera.... A little out of the way for first timers..I'd stay closer to the Seine if a Paris newbie, but Metro and taxi stand right around the corner, as well as 3 cafes that are open even on Sunday, cash machines, stores for wine, water, snacks...Had a view of the tippy top of Sacre Coeur and Paris rooftops! No complaints!And the price is right! I won't say too much more...don't want the rates to increase!And now I have to rent the Movie!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AMSTravels
<Content>The perfect Paris hotel.       Lovely light room with plenty of space  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	-1	5	-1	-1	

<Author>dklaw
<Content>Unique Older Hotel Hotel Langlois is a classic older and smaller hotel, with all of the uniqueness and charm that you might expect. The lobby looks like it came out of a movie set, and there is a wire-cage lift for moving luggage up and down. (The wide stairway is perfectly adequate for walking.) We had a spacious room and bathroom on the front side of the hotel. There is some traffic noise if you leave the windows open, but generally things seemed to quiet down after midnight, at least on the weeknights. The hotel is conveniently located next to the Trinite Metro station, and there is a good bakery nearby, as well as several cafes and bistros. However, if you are planning to visit the major tourist attractions (Eiffel Tower, des Invalides, Museums, etc.), you may want to look for a hotel on the other side of the river, as it can be a bit of a walk. The neighborhoods around the Langlois are a mix of apartments and night clubs (Moulin Rouge is not too far away), which is a plus if you are looking to experience the real Paris rather than the typical tourist sites.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sidso
<Content>Great Hotel :) Me and my wife stayed here from 2 November to 5 November (3 nights), and had a great time in this hotel. The room was clean and spacious, and had a very big bathroom. There was a minibar in the room which was very convenient for us (we like to drink white wine sometimes ;)). The elevator is a bit small, but we already knew that before we came. We liked the elevator, but i may be a bit awkward for elderly or those with a lot of luggage. The staff are very friendly, but the night staff spoke poor english. We got to use their PC, so it all worked out in the end.Location : The hotel is 2 blocks away from the Pigalle district (Moulin Rouge ++), and very close to the Metro station. The downside is that you'll have to change Metro a few times if you want to go to/from the Orly Airport for example. In some Metro Stations in Paris, there is a lot of stairs, so beware if you have a lot of luggage. Better to take a taxi then perhaps.The hotel is also very close to the Gare Du Nord trainstation. All in all me and my wife had a great time in Paris and we have no problem recommending it to others.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>JerseyBeachcomber
<Content>We loved the Hotel Langlois  We booked this hotel based on many great reviews here on Tripadvisor. We were quite happy with our choice.A quaint, hundred year old hotel with good service, nice rooms, anda convenient location in a good neighborhood.If you want a closer look at the hotel, watch the DVD of the Jonathan Demme film, Truth About Charlie, the remake of Charade.We are a middle aged couple, travelling by train from London,to the Gare du Nord station nearby. A perfect trainride. Be sure totake a taxi to the hotel.The suites and rooms are large by Paris standards. The antique elevator that you will use makes you feel like you arein an old french movie. Be a good rider, and close the gates when you get off, so it can move for the next rider.We experienced good service, and assistance from the desk.Try Le Bistro des Deux Theatres for a great meal. It's a quickwalk from the hotel. It was so good, we returned on our lastnight in Paris.Early morning you will wake up to the smells coming up from the bakery next door. Wow---I miss those croissants.English is widely spoken. Whenever, I had slight problems withmy lack of French, I would just smile, and have fun. Stay at the Langlois, and have a great trip.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>divin1
<Content>Great find in Paris!       Hotel Langlois entrance  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>TravelerHouston_TX
<Content>Interesting Paris stay       room view  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>seegage
<Content>Good Location and Value Following research on TA, I booked Hotel Langlois for a two night stay. Away from Paris Central meant affordable prices both for hotel and local restaurants. Generous room size with seperate washroom, TV and Air-con. Wi-Fi if you need it, but I deliberately left my laptop at home. Room was at front and could be a bit noisy at night, noisy in the day too at the moment due to building work but that is a temporary situation. Metro stop barely 100 metres away and the Paris Metro system doesn't take long to get used to - even for two days our 鈧?6 Orange cards were well worth it. If you prefer walking, its not so far out to be impractical - we walked back from the Louvre at 1am with no problem, though it pays to have some idea where you are going...Don't expect superlative service or fancy hotel procedures - what you see it what you get and we were not disaapointed, with the exception of breakfast which is best taken at one of the caf茅s round the corner.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	3	3	-1	3	

<Author>CHEERBEARBEAR
<Content>Good Hotel We stayed there for 3 nights. Good location, near restaurants, shops and 5 mins walk to Printemps and RER - station - Auber.Room is good compare the several hotels I have stayed before. Size is bigger, esp. the washroom which is large compare other hotels in Paris. Staffs are okay, not super friendly...but I believe this is their culture...look cool outside but in fact, very helpful....if I go Paris again I believe I will chose this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Whitechurch
<Content>Comfortable but possibly over-priced The Hotel Langlois is a charming, comfortable and clean hotel with helpful staff. The only major downsides were the price and the noise (but only during the working day) from the very extensive renovations being carried out next door.It is conveniently located very near Trinite Metro station and plenty of eateries for anything from a quick coffee  croissant in the morning to a full evening meal.The furniture was very solid and traditional -- as was the plumbing in the bathroom which was as large as many a hotel bedroom.The lift has period charm but saves walking up many flights of stairs. Our room overlooked a central courtyard so we were not exposed to any traffic noise.The price was noticeably higher than the equally-convenient hotel which has just been refurbished (also a 2-star) that we have previously used in Paris.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>tweeter_23
<Content>Cute little hotel       View of Sacre Coeur from our room (#63)  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Meaculpal
<Content>Nice Location, Nice Hotel My partner and I stayed at the Hotel Langlois in June 2008 for one night. We had been on an organized tour, and we wanted to stay in a hotel that was both reasonably priced and centrally located. This hotel fit the bill. The hotel is located within a few feet of the Trinte Metro stop, and it is close to several nice cafes and restaurants. One of the nice things about its location is that it is only a ten minute walk to the Roissey Bus to CDG. I would like to thank the entire staff at the hotel for a pleasant stay. The room was a good size, and the prices for the minibar were extremely reasonable. The room was also extremely quiet.The only complaint we had was the extremely hard bed, but that was minor compared to our overall good experience. I would recommend this property to anyone looking for a good location with good value.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>pmhuk
<Content>What a disappointment Tho only a 2 star had high expectations of this place based on previous TripAdvisor reviews. We stayed for 2 nights. Room was dreary and rather like hospital with drab walls. We were on the 1st floor directly above reception and smoke seemed to find its way into the room. I found the staff v unhelpful. For example, I asked someone on reception if it was possible to buy a 1-day travelcard for the metro. They didn't know. Hmmmm. Breakfast v poor for the money. Basic continental and not good quality. The hotel is not that cheap. Those searching for somewhere slightly quirky and full of character should look elsewhere. Avoid!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>haygirl16
<Content>Paris       Sitting area  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>dartmouthgirl
<Content>Great location We booked into the Hotel Langlois for two nights in May. My husband and I travelled with our four and-a-half year-old daughter. The location was perfect: two minutes' walk from the Metro, 5 minutes from fabulous shopping. There are cafes on the corner. The hotel provided a cot for our daughter at no extra charge. The room was charming and spacious enough. There was a mini fridge and a TV. Our room was on the fifth floor. Noise was not a problem. There was an ancient lift from the ground level that was small but worked just fine. We did not eat breakfast at the hotel. It was about 12 euros per person, which was very high. Much cheaper -- and more fun -- to eat at one of the cafes nearby.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>rcasi
<Content>Very nice       Room  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>baronessa23
<Content>the Lovely Langlois       fabulous green sink  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>torsk
<Content>Nice, but not great Great location, nice rooms and good bed. However, the soundproofing (between rooms) was way below average. Breakfast was OK (not included in rate). Our total impression would benefit from more courteous staff.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>portakal
<Content>Great Hotel and Beautiful history With the Euro and British pound being so high against the Dollar, I was looking for a reasonable hotel in a great location. I came across a review by the NY Times. I contacted the Hotel. It is everything that is described. The rooms are huge. Fireplace!!!Imagine, fireplace, bath. Windows that face the street and the Trinite Church. Desk!!!The furnishings are great. The art in the entrance and staircase is very tasteful. ( I am told expensive ). The management is so helpful, Ms Bojena, Ms Alkim, and of course Mr Ahmet. ( well it helped that I speak fluent Turkish ). Breakfast is great.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lovestotap
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at the Hotel Lanlois and thoroughly enjoyed it.The price was very reasonable, at the time, and the hotel and our room were very clean.The bathroom was very nice, and the room was spacious enough. All European hotel rooms are rather small; but, our room did not make us feel claustrophobic.We also found the staff to be very friendly.The elevator is a very tight squeeze, if you have an overabundance and oversized luggage. You may have to make a couple of trips.I would not only reccommend this hotel; but, would also stay again and again on subsequent visits.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Purdita76
<Content>Excellent, it is full of french charm! My husband and I were looking for a lovely, quite, hotel, near the attractions and at a good price. We were not disappointed. The lift in the reception is just gorgeous as was our room, number 24. We didint eat breakfast at the hotel but it looked very nice. We walked to everywhere from the hotel but treated ourselves to a cab to get back! We really enjoyed our time in Paris. We will stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>christsjoy
<Content>Hotel Langlois is PARFAIT!       Room 63 Vanity Mirror  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Andrews68
<Content>Authenticity at its best Excellent location just seconds from Metro (Trinite). Hotel down quiet street just off busy square. Lovely building. Very inviting reception. Traditional Parisian lift. We went for a standard double (on 5th floor) which was at the rear of the hotel so very peaceful. A lovely authentic, large bedroom. Big, comfortable bed. Bathroom basic but clean and in good working order. Cleaners keep the rooms in top condition. Did not have breakfast as did the cafes but at 12 euros it seems reasonable in comparison to elsewhere. Had sneaky look at a superior bedroom located at front of hotel; definitely worth the extra 20 euros a night. Can't believe it's only a 2 star!!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Lanson2
<Content>Lovely comfortable hotel The hotel lived up to the expectations we had from reading reviews on TripAdvisor. Our room (14) on the first floor was spacious, warm and comfortable. Our bed was wide and really comfortable. The metro is just 100 metres away on the corner. (Tip: Bus 24 from Gare St. Lazare goes all the way down the river Seine to Gare de lyon where you can have coffee in the fabulous Train Bleu). Cheaper than the tour bus! From the Gare du Nord, you can also take bus No. 42 or 43 or 26 to Trinite near the hotel.Breakfast was very good. You can boil your own egg! Mini croissants, pains au chocolat, raisin croissants, cheese, meat, fruit salad, yoghurt, rolls, butter, honey, jams, marmalade, tea or coffee, olives, real milk (not long-life) cereals, chilled water, freshly squeezed orange juice, etc. The only gripe is that there isn't a lot a room in the breakfast room.Staff are attentive and friendly. We will ask for a room at the back next time as our room was noisy. Maybe this was because there was a transport strike the three nights we were there and everyone drove into town!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>utahskier
<Content>2nd Stay Just as Good as First We just returned from a four night stay the Langlois. We stayed in Room 11 which featured a giant bathroom with large tub and enclosed WC, but no view. Our friends stayed in Room 64 which has a small bathroom but a great view of Sacre Coeur. The staff was helpful in arranging dinner reservations. We took the Roissy Bus and walked to the hotel. Some restaurant ideas. The Pommerai restaurant across the street was quite pleasant. Be warned that they speak little english, however. We enjoyed Cafe Des Musees near the Picasso Museum as well as Robert et Louise in the Marais. Reservations in Paris are necessary for dinner. Also this time we purchased the paris museum pass which allowed us to cut lines (very long) at Versailles, Louvre, and The Orangerie Museum. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>rebonjour
<Content>A wonderful hotel The Hotel Langlois is a charming hotel with a friendly and helpful staff. We always seem to have a lot of questions and we appreciated the extra help that the staff were able to give us. The rooms are large and the bathrooms are big and very clean. We thought the beds were very comfortable. There is a lovely breakfast room with an excellent buffet each morning ( for an additional charge ). We loved the vintage elevator with the wooden and iron doors. A metro stop, cash machine. post office, bakery, restaurants and laundromat are all a few steps to a few blocks away. Several big department stores are also within walking distance. And...there's a computer in the breakfast room that is available for guests beginning at 11:00 in the morning.We have stayed there on 3 separate occasions and had an excellent experience each and every time. We will DEFINITELY recommend the Hotel Langlois to friends and we hope to be able to return again.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>apfelwein
<Content>Nice hotel in a very nice location This is a lovely old hotel in an interesting part of Paris. The reception staff were very friendly. A quaint old elevator takes you up to your room. The room themselves were decorated with antiques and the room we had a nice view over the rooftops of the district. We could see the pretty church (Trinitate if I remember correctly) and the Sacre Coeur.The area is nice with a couple of Brasseries and restaurants. The huge department stores are within walking distance. Cross the road and go up the hill to walk to Pigalle and Montmartre (not a long walk). There are some really nice caf茅s and restaurants on the way up.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>IndyBee
<Content>Roomy choice for Paris My husband, teenage daughter and I stayed here for two nights. Our room and bathroom were nice sized, large by Parisian standards, and the bathroom was enormous and well appointed. The proprietress was very helpful in assisting us with reservations, Metro advice, maps, etc. They have a computer available for guest use in the lounge. Excellent location - very close to Trinite metro, and several other Metro stops, include Gare Lazare and Gare du Nord. Also, easy 15-20 minute walk or very quick cab ride from where the Roissy Bus drops you off. The neighborhood is a little dead on the weekend compared to the Left Bank, but very lively during the week. Easy walk to Louvre. We will definitely stay at the Langlois again!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ChristinaW
<Content>Beauitiful and Charming Parisan HOtel I stayed here three nights and was very pleased overall with the hotel and the room. I had a double and the room was larger than many Parisian hotel rooms, especially at that price range. It had a very nice new flat-screen TV, and beautiful furnishings, with excellent bathroom. The entire hotel is lovely, and the owner and other staff are very pleasant and helpful. I don't eat breakfast in hotels, so can't comment on that. The location is very convenient being so close to a metro stop, and there are a couple cafes at the corner with decent drinks and food, as well as a bakery next door and a good chocolate shop at the corner. I know Paris pretty well, though, and have been in this area before, so none of that was a surprise to me.Overall, I was very pleased with the accommodations for a 2* hotel, and it is really much nice than that, I think (as it as AC and large, beautiful rooms). The only drawbacks to the hotel is that is was somewhat noisy and the mattress, as someone else noted, is definitely harder than average and a little uncomfortable for that reason. Other guests were noisy in slamming their doors, and I know you can't blame the hotel for that, exactly (someone else said the bathroom door slammed, not sure, if so, that could be helped). However, I had a room on the second floor overlooking the courtyard with the idea that would be quieter. I don't think it was as there were some people down there who talked in very loud voices, a lot, and the noise echoes in those type of spaces. I don't know who they were -- if it was the building next door or the hotel's own staff, down there. The street isn't a main one, so I don't think the traffic would be much at night anyway, and the metro noise might have been a little better on a higher floor. As someone else noted, this hotel is apparently right on top of the metro lines, so you can hear the trains rumble when they run. At least they don't run from about 1 am until 5 am, but still, that was a little disturbing. It didn't make sleeping impossible, and I would stay there again, but I definitely heard them and it bothered me somewhat.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>scotchnwry
<Content>Hotel Langlois - c'est magnifique!       Old fashioned lift - great!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rjjb
<Content>Excellent Choice This was a perfect place for our too-short three-day stay in Paris. The room was lovely and more than adequate in size (for three adults). It was actually two rooms in one. Charming ambience, pleasant helpful staff, clean, great location for Metro, and reasonable priced. Recommended without qualification.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelpal79
<Content>Charming We enjoyed our stay! The hotel was cute! Charming elevator (if small), charming room (if small). The location was great - about a block to the subway station which made for easy access getting around town. The internet access in the lounge was appreciated. I wouldn't recommend paying for the breakfast -- overpriced for what it was. Venture out to one of the nearby cafes for a better experience!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hmhmhm
<Content>Great location, very comfortable We stayed here for 6 nights recently in a double room with bathroom. I specified in my email booking that I would prefer a room on a higher floor and this was granted.Our room didn't have much of a view, but it was very large (I think there was enough space for 2 small rooms!) and was very comfortable. The bathroom was a bit funny shaped and while it wasn't exactly dirty, it could have been cleaner and was the least clean out of all the places we stayed at during our holiday.The location is GREAT! It is a 5 to 10 minute walk to the main department stores and 10 to 15 minutes to the Moulin Rouge. The man at reception also recommended a good restaurant for us to go to the night we got there - I think it was called '2 theatres' or something.Overall, about 4 out of 5.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	4	-1	3	

<Author>Globetrotter1973
<Content>Great Find Based on Tripadvisor reviews, I booked a three-night stay at the Langlois in Paris for a business trip. The staff was just great. (The night concierge even had hot coffee ready for me before I took off for my flight at 5am!) My room was very clean and quiet. However, I was very disappointed that the wi-fi service did not work in the guest rooms--at least not mine. The guest computer in the lobby had very spotty and slow service, too. The staff seemed surprised that the service wasn't functioning properly (not at all during my brief stay) so perhaps they'll address soon. I wouldn't have booked a room at a hotel without internet access.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>EJaneWench
<Content>Good for kids My husband and I stayed in a suite (#44, I think) with our 3 children from June 12 through June 15. The hotel was clean and comfortable and the staff friendly. The kids (ages 7, 8 and 13) loved the elevator. We opted out of the hotel breakfast (only because our children do not eat 8 euros worth), but there is a wonderful bakery next door for breakfast pastries which we ate in the suite with coffee ordered up from the hotel (at a very reasonable price).The only downside is that the location is not the most convenient for the major tourist attractions. The Musee D'Orsay is only 3 or 4 Metro stops away, and from there we could take the BatoBus around to the sights on the Seine during the day, but returning back to the hotel from the Eiffel Tower at night (after 9 when the BatoBus shuts down) was difficult by Metro, requiring 2 transfers, so we convinced a taxi driver to let the 5 of us squeeze into his cab.Overall, a great experience.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cow_manx
<Content>Charming This hotel was a great combination of charming history, free WiFi, and location. Very nice staff.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	5	

<Author>southerntraveler1989
<Content>What an Oasis! My sister and I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights recently. It was great --- A/C, a lift (very quaint), nice helpful staff, great location for sightseeing and restaurants (and shops). We highly recommend this hotel (but take your own hairdryer). The room decor was very nice too.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tennisnut4
<Content>The lovely Langlois Stayed here 3 nights in early June. Picked it because it was in The Guardian or The Observer paper review of top 20 hotels in Paris for under 拢100. It lived up to its selection. We noted French people were staying here as well as tourists.Hotel is on a quiet street; we had a rear room so no street noise. However, the hotel is situated above the metro lines so trains can be heard rumbling by underneath. This didn't bother us in sleeping as it is a far away rumble. The hotel has 24 rooms; all the stairways and floors are carpeted so again no footfall noise. Good standard of decoration, think red carpets and plush curtains with quirky light fittings. Comfy beds, good size rooms, very very friendly staff. Breakfast 11 euros - freshly squeezed orange juice is included or go to the patisserie along the street. We had the breakfast. Good location by Trinitie metro and its in the vicinity of the department stores.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Irishmoss
<Content>Lovely Hotel My husband and I just returned from a 6 night stay at the Hotel Langlois. We enjoyed a quiet, spacious room with a small but very nice bath with tub for a very reasonable 130 Euros per night. Everything was clean, the staff was nice, and breakfasts were quite good and reasonably priced (for Paris at least) with enough food to hold us over until dinner. While there are no non-smoking rooms, our room was fresh and there was no residual smell - but we could smell smoke from other rooms, we assume through the venting system, which was a bit unpleasant on occasion. The big and heavy doors in the hotel were easy to accidently slam and the bathroom doors made slamming noises if you closed them tight, but our sleep was not disturbed by this. What did keep us awake was that the beds here are HARD, much more so than we are accustomed to at home and much more so than other places we have stayed (three others on this trip alone). While this hotel had pillows available in the closet (many European hotels do not) they were well-used and had obviously been around for quite a while. Location-wise, there are much prettier areas of Paris to stay in and they are better located to the things my husband and I enjoy when we are visiting. We also came across some street people bedding down for the night at the Trinity Church nearby but they certainly weren't threatening to us or anything - it was just a bit of a surprise and I would probably avoid this area later in the evening. The Opera House is near by but when we've attended opera performances in Paris, they've always been at the new facility quite a distance from here. Two of the major department stores are a few minutes away and they are fun to check out for a short while, but they are not the reason most of us go to this beautiful city. Although it's true that the Metro is right around the corner, I personally prefer to walk to our favorite sights as much as possible and this location didn't allow for that. That said, we found a couple of really nice restaurants in the area by using the Pudlo Guide (found at Rick Steve's favorite English language book store, the Red Wagon - well worth the visit.) and I managed to drop more than a few Euro in some of the antique shops nearby. While it's not perfect (what is?) we would certainly recommend Hotel Langlois as a lovely hotel in Paris.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Gaelic999
<Content>Superb Hotel We both stayed at the hotel im May for a special Birthday. The location of the hotel is ideal for exploring Paris. You are about 10 minutes walk from the Opera and all the sights beyond that.Hotel: The hotel is old world paris with its fireplaces and antiques in the bedrooms. The lift is amazing with it's iron frame and heavy wood interior. The hotel is on a very quiet street, but really has no views of the Parisian skyline. The staff speak some English, and are willing to help and offer guidance when prompted. We had breakfast in the hotel one morning which was very good.Locality: The hotel is right on the trinity Metro line which provides access to the whole of Paris. We purchased the 10 ticket deal which was ideal for our 3 day stay (tickets are so so cheap!!) .There are plenty of little restaurants close by the hotel with decent food. We went to the 6th floor restaurant for breakfast at La Fayette which was excellent and had superb views of Paris.Sights: We bought a two day open top bus pass, which was superb...1st time we have done this in a city. Some of the sights look close, but are a bit of a distance on foot. The bus is ideal as you can get on and off as often as you like over the two days. You can also add in a riverboat cruise to the ticket. We didn't fid it at all expensive, but ran out of time for the boat cruise. Tickets are valid for two years so we will be back!Dining: There is no smoking ban in Paris, so coming from Scotland we found the smoking in restaurants very unpleasant. I would say do your research on restaurants and try to book in advance, don't rely on finding somewhere nice for that evening as you will probable end up in a tourist restaurant. Watch out many of the cafe's and restaurants all offer the same menu.We had two meals one excellent and the other the best meal ever.We dined in the Juiles Verne restaurant on the second floor of the Eiffel Tour. We couldn't fault it and the meal was first class. It was such a romantic venue and the view over Paris was amazing. It was very expensive - so ideal for special occasions.Overall the hotel made a very comfortable, ideally located base to explore Paris. We would most certainly use this hotel the next time we are in Paris.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>charlisays
<Content>Little gem of a hotel I stayed at this hotel in February for a weekend with my boyfriend and couldnt have wished for a lovelier hotel. Its very 'oldy-worldy' and very Parisian, it really feels steeped in history. Small but parctical and incredibly clean bathroom, big comfortable bed and antique furniture, on a really quiet street. I would reccomend it forcouples and woudl definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>nanzan
<Content>Great Hotel My wife and I found this hotel through tripadvisor. We were very pleased with it overall. We had a double and upgraded to a larger double that costed 130 Euro, per night. Everything was clean and wonderful the room looked out over the street. We passed on the breakfast and had a capaccino and bread at the cafe on the corner near the hotel. The hotel is very close to the metro and in a fairly quite part of Paris. There is construction going on down the street but with your windows closed you cannot really hear much. We had no complaints about the hotel and will for sure stay there again when we come to Paris!  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>TravellerMO
<Content>Great little hotel that grows on you After reading many uniformly good reviews on TripAdvisor, we decided to stay at the Hotel Langlois on our holiday in Paris in March 2007. Located on a narrow street close to the Opera, the frontage of the hotel onto the street is so small one could easily walk past it and not notice. When we (wife, daughter and self), first saw the hotel, we were a bit taken aback. We have, over the years been used to staying in big, modern hotels in various countries, so this came as a bit of a surprise. The hotel is very old and has a storied history, so do not be surprised if you are initially disappointed - as we were - by the small and seemingly shabby reception area. The lift, off to one side of this small lobby, is very small too 鈥?sort of an an iron cage that creaks its way up and down slowly!! This too, is clearly a vintage contraption.We were greeted at the reception by a very friendly young lady who quickly checked us in. We were given a suite, facing the street. As I mentioned, the hotel is old and has the same old style architecture and layout till today, so when we walked in to our suite 鈥?such as it was 鈥?we felt let down. The room was old, as was the furniture. We continued to feel disappointed. But as we spent some more time in the room we realized that contrary to initial appearance, it was very clean. The bedlinen was clean and the bathroom was fairly large and very clean. The towels were fresh and white. The room heater worked very well The maids came in daily to clean the rooms, change linen etc. The limited breakfast served in the dining room on the ground floor was also quite good. The best part of the hotel is the location. The Paris underground is fabulous and there is a station just a couple of minutes down the street from the hotel. Since it is in the Opera district, it is pretty centrally located and close to many attractions. The Hop 鈥?On, Hop 鈥?Off Paris bus tour stop is about a ten minute walk away and there are any number of very good restaurants and cafes within a five to ten minute walk in any direction from the hotel. The staff at the reception were always friendly and helpful and ever ready to offer us advice on 鈥渢ouristy鈥?activities in Paris. I can confidently say that we did not have a single bad experience with the hotel during our stay 鈥?absolutely nothing to complain about at all. So if you are looking for a great little hotel centrally located in Paris, this could well be it. Charming, cozy and friendly, Langlois is a hotel that grows on you.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rudilund
<Content>Charming hotel I booked a stay at this hotel due to great reviews on Trip Advisor and seeing the movie The Truth About Charlie. The hotel is located in a quiet street but very close too many sights and 50 m from Metro.Before my stay I sent an e-mail to the hotel and asked them to book a table at e restaurant for me. This because the restaurant said they were fully booked, so I sent an e-mail to the hotel to give it a chance. to my surpise they were able to get a table at the restuarant I was looking for. Great service!When we arrived at 9 i the morning our room was not ready but that gave us a chance to explore Paris for a couple of hours before returning to our room.The hotel is very charming and has the look of early Paris in the 1900s. Great details in our room, a small fireplace, minibar, TV (only CNN, BBC World and Sky News were in english), nice dressing area. If you are looking for a cosy hotel oustide the most popular areas such as Montmarte, Latin Quarter, Saint Germain this is a scoop. 114 euros a night is a great price to pay when you recieve such nice experince. But if you a looking for a luxurious stay you won't find it here.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>eatigs
<Content>Excellent value at this friendly, quaint hotel Our family (young couple and one-year-old child) stayed at the Hotel Langlois for four nights, Feb.25-28, 2007. We very much enjoyed our stay and would happily recommend the hotel to all value-conscious travellers. (We'd give it a rating of 4.5 if we could...) The hotel, a renovated bank from the 1800s, has considerable character and both the reception and cleaning staff are warm and accomodating (although some have limited English). Our room (#55) was very spacious and pleasantly, if simply decorated. The baby cot we had requested was set up while we were checking in, so that it was ready when we moved in. If we leaned out the bathroom window, we could see the Trinity church nearby - about the best view possible, given the hotel's location on a narrow side street. The antique (original?) elevator is a real adventure: it is attractively oak-panneled with an open swinging door but is extremely small and lurches frighteningly when it stops, often at the wrong floor. We found it great fun, but it is clearly the bane of the staff's existence and would be very unsuitable for those who are nervous, claustrophobic or mobility-impaired. As far as advantages, the hotel's location is good, quiet and yet very close to a metro station. The free internet access in the breakfast room is a real plus (although the wireless access is unreliable). We did not eat at the hotel, but the breakfast buffet looked nice and twice the staff thoughtfully gave our baby a fresh croissant when we left in the morning. I liked their key system: each time you leave, you drop your pass key off at reception and the 24-hour desk attendant welcomes you and returns it when you arrive back - no lost keys and the cleaning staff knows when your room is empty. The mini-bar prices were better than most of those in the local shops, so we drank very many bottled waters and juices and then were only charged for a few. They also found us an adapter to allow us to charge our cell phone. For 130 euro a night, we found this hotel to be a great value. The highlight for us was the pleasant, family atmosphere - the staff were unfailingly friendly and eager to help.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Steve2006Dublin
<Content>3rd Time Staying Here! My wife, my three children and myself have stayed at Hotel langlois now on three occasions in the past three years. This time we had a suite on the 4th Floor - 42. This hotel cannot be beaten for value for money, ambience and location. We have always found the staff very friendly and professional without being intrusive. The breakfast has gone up to 鈧?1 each, but, is still great value and useful when with kids. This time our youngest (8 years old) could walk everywhere! The Louvre, Musee D'Orsay, even the Eiffel Tower and Left Bank were all manageable. As regards shopping, well, the main shops (Printemps, Galleries Lafayette, GAP) are literally two blocks away. We also got out without the kids to the very atmospheric Bistro des Deux Theatres, just around the corner at the side of Trinite Church. 3 Course meal with coffees PLUS a choice of a bottle of wine at 鈧?4 each was great value. The Trinite Metro stop is 200m away. There is a superb pattisserie on the same street for stashing up with lunchtime rolls and pastries. Some good Italian restaurants also nearby. One suggestion, if travelling from CDG Airport. Take the train to Gare De Nord and the metro from Magenta (next to Gare De Nord) to Gare St Lazare, from where you can take the 10min walk to the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Reed&Shiho
<Content>Loved This Petit Hotel We stayed Hotel Langlois in early February 2007. It was a fantastic experience.This inexpensive and comfortable hotel is an outstanding one on right bank of Seine.As already mentioned, elevator was out of order, some staff did not speak English, room was too steam heated... we thought those were okey.Absolutely, we recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DublinCb
<Content>Very good value I really cannot fault this hotel; we stayed in room 64, and i loved the decor of this room, and the entire building. Very pleasant staff, and a good location.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xjgrl
<Content>Worth the money, but too many stairs!!!       Hotel Langlois  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Heelntoe
<Content>Loved the Langlois We booked the Langlois after reading many positive reviews in Trip Advisor, and were not disappointed. We were given room 31, which we were quite happy with, especially with the artwork and the ceramic cat on the fireplace. The bathroom was the size of a small bedroom! Our stay did not include breakfast, so we walked down a few stores to the left to the Artisan Boulangerie and had an almond croisant for breakfast, which was a meal in itself. Many of our wonderful lunches came from that Boulangerie, but we were disappointed to find them closed on the weekend. We had 2 good, reasonably priced meals at Chartier, a 5 minute walk from the hotel, and 2 wonderful meals at Bistro de deux theatres at 18 rue Blanche, a 2 minute walk. All the hotel personnel were nice, especially since we tried to speak French as much as we felt comfortable doing. The Trinite metro station at the end of the block was a quick way to start our local travel. But walking around is the best way to get a feel for the charm of Paris. When we return, we definitely will choose the Hotel Langlois as our base.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TassPerth
<Content>Good for kids We thought this hotel was well located and good value for money. Our triple room was very spacious with an enormous bathroom. Unfortunately we overlooked a very dismal void between buildings, but i'm sure the rooms facing the road are better. Our teenagers had a very pleasant room on the ground floor beside reception looking out onto a pretty courtyard (at the bottom of the dismal void) The ancient lift was a novelty, and some of the bumps and lurches were as good as the Disney rides (I notice another review where the lift is not working!) With regard to the location which as your other reviews have pointed out is excellent for transport and shopping, i should also mention that at the end of the street in front of the Eglise de la Trinite there is a childrens playground, where i spent some time everday with my 7 year old letting off steam after sightseeing. It was fun watching the nannies and their immaculately dressed charges. The playground had an outdoor tabletennis table, and i asked at reception if they had any bats and a ball, which they didn't (wouldn't cost much!) The staff were helpful and my only criticism would be breakfast, which is uncomfortably cramped, and guests have to squeeze past each other to get to the buffet table.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Zoidberg-7
<Content>Great hotel I stayed in this hotel in november and was pleased, if I go back to Paris I'll stay at the Langlois. This is a great hotel in a wonderful location. Only about 1 block to the Metro. The room/bathroom is very big and charming. The staff is very helpful and the hotel is kept clean.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Nana_H
<Content>Great location I booked this hotel based upon the reviews of Tripadvisor.com.The location is perfect, a few steps away from Les Galleries Lafayette (which is open until 10), Printemps and l'Opera. The room is very clean though nothing special really. The lady behind the desk gave us a room on the 5th floor while the elevator didn't work, that was the only negative thing I can say about this hotel. The price is okay compared to other hotels in Paris. I would book it again (though only if given a room on the 1st or 2nd floor).  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>tangerine74
<Content>If you want a Paris hotel that feels Parisian... I booked a double room at the hotel Langlois after reading positive reviews on Trip Advisor, and on the whole, was pretty pleased with what we got. Our room (31) was big, with a large bathroom, and while the decor erred on the vintage side of chic, the old furnishings gave the place a great deal of character, often missing from anonymous city hotels. Big double bed (but small pillows), lots of hot water, TV, wardrobe - and we didn't have a problem with noise from other rooms at all. And as other reviews have mentioned, the old-fashioned lift and the helpful French staff make it a characteristically Parisian experience.Location is very good, about 2 minutes' walk from Trinite metro station, and the Metro itself is as easy to navigate as the London underground. Montmartre is just a few stops north, and it takes no time to get to the major central attractions. We skipped breakfast in the hotel in favour of nearby cafes or boulangeries, of which there are plenty. Downsides? Make sure you bring your own toiletries, or buy some from the Monoprix nearby: the soaps and shampoo sachets are really horrible, stingy offerings, and there's not even a facecloth. Our room was freshly cleaned when we arrived, but it did smell very pungently of fragranced cleaning products, to the point where we had to leave the windows open during the day, just to air the place - if you're a non-smoker with sensitive nose, ask for a non-smoking room!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Simone39
<Content>A real piece of Paris! My husband and I stayed at this hotel from 1-4 December. We go to Paris quite a lot and I really liked the look of this hotel. We were given room 15, on the first floor. If you look at the picture of the hotel, ours was the two left hand windows. The bedroom was huge, with no less than six lamps to create a lovely warm and cosy atmosphere, marble fireplace, oil paintings and art deco furniture. There was a table and two chairs which was a useful touch.The bathroom was amazing - lovely and big, unusual in Paris, again with a marble fireplace, a lamp and huge mirror. Usually we hop in and out of the shower in a bathroom that is on the compact side to say the least, so it was rather nice after a long day pounding the streets of Paris to soak in a hot bath pondering on the hotel's history (it used to be a bank).We skipped the breakfast, which looked very good, in favour of mingling with Parisians at little cafes, or enjoying the panoramic view from the cafe at the top of Galeries Lafayette (another reviewer's recommendation).There were a couple of minor downsides - the toiletries weren't up to much, just sachets of shampoo which we had to double up as bath foam, and being at the front there was a lot of street noise. Mainly traffic (and the rumble of the metro, which I quite liked bizarrely) but also loud noises coming from the renovations of a building up the road. But I don't mind noise so if you do, ask for a room at the back. You can also hear the bells of the Trinity Church which I definitely liked!The young girl at the desk was quite friendly, and after a day in Paris and being a bit damp from the rain, she was more than happy to bring us hot chocolate and coffee to the room, beautfiully presented on a lace-lined silver tray.I would definitely go back here again, I used to think hotel rooms were just somewhere to lay your head whilst you got on with making the most of Paris, but I felt at home and that added an extra something to our stay.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>alexp1963
<Content>Sigh...I wish I was still there       Lookg into our bedroom from the lounge  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Aprilfool1965
<Content>Langlois revisited I have just returned from a girlie weekend with my sister and friend in Paris and booked the Langlois again. This time around we had a suite which was really spacious. We loved the hotel as it has character and you really feel you are living like a Parisian. The room and bathroom were very clean and the towels are fluffy. Despite the cold weather the hotel was cosy and warm. The hotel is so near the metro that you can travel anywhere in the city very quickly. Of course, it's proximity to Galeries Lafayette and the shopping area didn't influence our choice of hotel at all.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>JPatrick
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Langlois       View From Room 64  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gmc2508
<Content>Charming hotel and a great 2* choice I booked the Hotel Langlois following the favourable reviews from Trip Advisor and I was not disappointed. For a 2 star hotel, the service and room were very pleasant indeed. On checking in, I was given the key to room 23 and took the elevator to the 2nd floor with a heavy case. (Tip - remember to close the interior elevator door on entering and leaving!). The room was a double, facing towards the Rue Sainte-Lazare. The bed was very large and two square pillows were provided, as well as a long bolster-style pillow (which I didn't find terribly comfortable but perhaps others will!).The room comprised a double mirrored-wardrobe, television, small refridgerator, three wicker chairs, a guest table, two bedside tables. In one corner was a marble fire-surround/radiator grill upon which sat a marble bust in front of a large mirror. The room was also air-conditioned (optional, and controllable in the room), and had a small balcony/French windows looking into the street. The bathroom was compact and not terribly well-lit, but had a hair-dryer, shower/bath, toilet, sink and shaver point next to a mirror. The housekeeping at the hotel was not intrusive but the rooms were well-maintained. The staff at the reception desk were helpful and friendly throughout my stay from the 18th-24th October. I did not take breakfast in the hotel as several other options were available nearby, including a patisserie on the same street. The location of the hotel was good for sightseeing, given the proximity to the Metro line 12 station Trinite and also the Gare St Lazare for other lines, including that to Versailles. My one (very small) negative comment is that although the hotel has one computer terminal with internet access in the breakfast room, I would have appreciated free wifi in the rooms, and would have probably paid a little more for the room, was the service available.I would recommend the Hotel Langlois for those sightseeing in Paris and the standard of the rooms for a 2-star hotel exceeded my expectations. I would return to the hotel for another stay, especially if wifi access could be provided!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>john4rmdublin
<Content>Quaint, oozed charm, central to shopping, unassuming...just loved it ! Have visited Paris numerous times and only this once feel required to tell all and sundry about the wonderfull experience we had in the Hotel Langlois. Had the pleasure of staying here over the paddys day weekend in 2005 . Just loved all to do with it ! The hotel is small, quirky, quiant, quintessential parisian charm without the pomp. The staff were professional, pleasant, unobtrusive. Our room was on the 6th floor with a slightly obscured view of Sacre Cour over the rooftops. Bathroom was small but spotlessly clean with a half bath. The room was simply furnished in a 'shabby chic' style that was sympathethic to the era of the hotel. This may not be to everyone's tastes but we found it utterly engaging and charming. The matress was firm and afforded us an excellent nights sleep.The hotel can be a tad difficult to find, it being on a one way street that need to be approached from the opposing end if travelling by taxi. Nonetheless, it is centrally located, the main shopping streets being a max 10 mins stroll away. Breakfast was simple, tasty and continental, served in a small bright ante room. In the mornings, we woke up to the the aromas of the patisseries along the block that wafted up to our room.....wonderful....!!! Esentially we loved the hotel...the only slight problem was that there is an overflow family room on the very top floor above our room. Just the one night, this was occupied by a large young family that had to catch an early flight....let us say, that the sound of young children being woken in the middle of the night and their attendant tantrums did carry through the wood floor to our room. However, we were so pleased with the hotel that something like this, which was beyond the hotel's control, will not dent or enthusiasm for this place. It is not the George V, and does not pretend to be but we loved it's simplicity quaint charm !!!.....a little gem !  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>pvmkmyer
<Content>Loved the Hotel Langlois My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Langlois for 6 nights in February around Valentine's Day, based upon recommendations on Tripadvisor. It lived up to all our expectations.My wife is handicapped. They assigned us a large room with an enormous bath on the 1st floor. Unfortunately, after we got up to the room the romantic, but aged, elevator broke. They relocated us to a ground floor room which we enjoyed very much for the remained of our stay. It took a couple days for the part to arrive for the elevator, so it's a good thing we opted for the ground floor room. The hotel is spotlessly clean and the bathroom had all the modern touches, including a hairdryer. Breakfast was added on to the bill and was very good. In addition to the normal French breakfast of one baguette and one croissant, they had a spread of cheeses and cold meats; yogurts; an egg cooker, fruit, and a variety of regular and sweet breads and rolls, including croissants. Although breakfast would have been cheaper at the cafe down the street, we felt it was (1) worth the money; and (2) worth the convenience since it was February and we didn't want to venture out in the cold and drizzle just to save a couple euros.We met our friends from Belgium at the hotel. She is a travel agent and was impressed with the hotel. She thought that the only reason it was government rated as 2* instead of 3* was because the breakfast room is small. Apparently a 3* is supposed to be able to seat a larger percentage of its guests at one time. it is definitely nicer than other 3* hotels I've stayed in.The staff was helpful; the breakfast waitress was very friendly albeit with very limited English. The location is convenient. Because of my wife's handicap we cannot take the Metro, but there was a taxi stand at the end of the street in front of the Trinite church. BTW, there is a wonderful unknown chocolate shop just to the right of the church as you are facing it from the front. We will be returning to the Hotel Langlois hopefully this December and looking forward to our stay.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bergenman
<Content>A nice hotel The location of the hotel is excellent, with a metro station at the end of the road and walking distance to many interesting sites.The room ( #55 ) was really big, i think it was twice the size of the room at Hotel Concorde St. Lazare (a 4 star hotel in the neighbourhood) we stayed at last year. The bathroom was a bit small but absolutely ok. The room was very nicely furnitured. For 鈧?30 it is really a bargain. It was a little bit noisy, traffic noise and noise from other rooms, but not annoying.The breakfast (鈧?1) was good.A huge plus for free internet access. The first impression of the staff was not very good. Then we checked in the man in the reception was more interested in the television, and he barely spoke a word english. Then we discovered that the aircondition did not work, we told him but he responded in french, after a while I managed him to take a look. He didnt manage to get the air condition to work, and then I asked him if we could get another room, I didnt understand the answer. I think he told me, in mostly french, that no other rooms where available.Fortunately at the rest of the stay the staff was english speaking and very friendly.The cleaniness was excellent.I would recommend this hotel :-)  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	-1	5	

<Author>zolo
<Content>The Longer I Stayed Here, The More I Liked It My review will read negative. I did enjoy staying here, but wanted to counterbalance some of the overly-effusive 5 star reviews. I got off on the wrong foot with the property mostly over problems that were not the Hotel Langlois' fault. First, I had severe jet lag coupled with having landed in what I consider a confusing city. Second, I booked the room over a year ago when it had percolated to #2 on the tripadvisor rating scale (!) and hence was due to be disappointed. You need to remember that this is still an old style, two star hotel with all that that entails, i.e. street noise, paper-thin walls so that you can hear conversations next door, some rooms with tiny bathrooms, small closet space with not enough hangers, no ironing board, no coffee maker, no clock of any kind and finally a pleasant enough concierge whose job discription is less travel agent/confident (as you find in an expensive hotel) and more security guard/busybody. We were celebrating our 25th and were quoted 120 euros ($180 in my currency), not what I call 'budget'. The first room shown to us had a huge bathroom, and a view of...a wall. I asked to see another room and to her credit, the concierge showed me #63; tastefully decorated, tiny bathroom (but with tub, so usefull after walking all day!) and the killer view looking north at the Sacre Couer. We took it with no regrets. Moral; ask to see more than one room if possible. Getting back to the function of the concierge, when I asked for directions to a tourist bureau, she looked at me as if she had never been requested this before. Right then I knew I was on my own with regards to finding out what's on in town, making dinner reservations and deciphering the mass transit. When asking for multiple room keys, she explained the custom of only giving out one and when you leave, handing it to the person at the desk. I guess it's for security, but it can still get awkward when you both go off on seperate itineries. Anyway, I did get over the jet lag, calmed down and started to get in the vacation groove. And yes, I must agree that it is a very quaint hotel in a marvellous city. I loved the old, tiny elevator (reminded me of an old favourite in San Fran), just remember to close the inner door! The neighbourhood was nice as well, not touristy, but convenient to the sites and safe. You can feel like a Parissienne staying here. Below, dear reader, is some description of the locale to hopefully help you get acclimatized fast.As you step out of the hotel and head left towards the square you will run into a charmingly staffed patisserie. Patisseries in general (and this one is no exception) are the best deals in Paris. You can get a baguette, a delicious pastry and a 250 ml bottle of wine for less than 5 euros. One of our best remembrances was bringing said groceries back to the room, and snacking in front of the open window. Remember to bring/buy some wine glasses. Next to the patisserie is a nice cafe. Cafes are the worst deal in Paris. If you need a coffee, consider drinking at the bar like many commuters, you will be charged half the price. Also, they do not seem to have coffee-to-go in Paris and it is the next strongest thing to expresso. If you find it too strong, consider a cafe-au-lait. Next to the cafe is the Trinite metro located on the very convenient North-South #12 line. The metro is great, but can be daunting to a first-timer. This station has a manned booth but no photo-booth which you may need if you are considering the Carte d'Orange. I brought an extra passport photo which worked in the end. Walking is great in Paris but the metro is convenient and if I had to do it over again, would have taken the bus more. I would have killed for a map with the bus and subway lines justaposed over the streets, although I realise it would have been awfully busy. As you look out at the square, to your left is the way to Galleries Lafayette which is right next to the Opera which is where the RoissyBus drops you off. This is an economical and easy way to get to the hotel is you don't mind schlepping your bags four blocks. The map on the hotel website will make it easy for you to find it. Getting back to the square, if you go right instead for a short block, you will hit the Bistro des Deux Theatres, a prix-fixe only bistro where you get a kir, appetizer, entree, bottle of wine (limited selection), dessert and coffee for 33 euros. We found the experience fantastic. Finally, out of the hotel, if you head right instead of left and head up the road that veers north you will soon find the tiny Musee Gustave Moreau. If you are interested in the Museum pass, it's easiest just to buy it here, the clock does not start ticking until your first real visit. You will be hard pressed to break even on the pass, but it also can save you a lot of time in line. It gets you almost everywhere with the Eiffel Tower being the most notable exception. Also, even though my guide books were dated 2006, they wrote about 1,3 and 5 day passes when, in fact, they have moved on to 2,4 and 6. I hope these tips help you and just remember that the stereotype of the snootty French is most undeserved. Always say bonjour and try to speak there language no matter how broken your French is and they will meet you halfway and show you the secrets to their beautiful city. Bon voyage!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Podger
<Content>Real Paris - My sister  I stayed here in May of this year. Of all the Parisian hotels I've stayed in over the years this has to be one of the best experiences. Near to just about everywhere you want to visit, close to buses and Metro, this hotel is in a less touristy part of Paris  in a more authentic area where local Parisians, work, shop and eat. Galleries Lafayette  Au Printemps are just down the street, the Opera House behind them. Monmartre is a short walk away along winding streets and then a short hike or 'Funicular up to the Sacre Coeur area. The hotel was clean, quiet and friendly - plumbing excellent and breakfasts good.We had a room on the 4th floor overlooking the street which was very bright  we were not distubed by noise from traffic or other hotel guests. We took a taxi from Gare du Nord to the hotel but the metro is very easy  the station about 1 minute away. I'll stay here next time I visit Paris for sure.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SEC67
<Content>Good value hotel Very good value hotel not far from Opera and keep strolling uphill to get to Montmartre. Metro station at the end of the road, plenty of cafes, brasseries and restaurants not far away. Rooms are quite spacious, old-fashioned decor, clean and comfortable.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>upstatetraveler
<Content>Fantastic       Exterior  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>imabari
<Content>A Great Stay Myself, partner and 2 friends booked 2 rooms in the Langlois directed through their website after reading reviews on TripAdvisor. We paid about 100euro for each room which was excellent value. The rooms were spotless and perfectly sized (our friend's bathroom was huge!).Trinite metro was a mere 1 min walk away which was convenient for getting around. A taxi was less than 10 euro to the Lourve. We walked to the Moulin Rouge which was no more than 10mins away, with Montmarte a mere 20 min walk.We would all definitely stay there again as it was a terrific Parisian hotel and great value for money.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Two_Wheels
<Content>Excellent Choice This hotel was lovely and the staff friendly and helpful. It was located on a quiet street, near the Metro and bus to the airport. Wonderful bistro and restaurants in the area. Rooms were charming and clean. Bathrooms exceptional for Paris. Reasonably priced for Paris, too. We'll be back.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tolo
<Content>absolutely lived up to my expectations My husband and I along with my daughter and her husband and my brother and his wife booked the Hotel Langlois when my daughter read the reviews on trip advisor. We were looking for a typical old charm hotel but also wanted some modern conveniences. The hotel langlois offers all of that. We were just so pleased with our rooms (we had a suite #24) and the staff was very helpful. They were very patient with my rusty French and they went out of their way do accommodate especially the day manager. They had replaced the carpet in the breakfast room and put in hardwood floor. Upon complimenting her on how nice it looked she then showed us a sample piece of carpet that they would be putting in all the rooms stating this will be in your room when you next return we laughed and assured her that when we do return to Paris we will definitely stay there again.We booked this based on these reviews and I am glad we did. We went on to Nice and were not so fortunate so after staying here the hotel there was a let down. We so miss our Hotel Langlois and the wonderful staff especially the blond woman on duty during the day as I spoke to her every day. I neglected to ask her her name however i told her of the web site and hope that they check it out. I am very fussy and this hotel more than met my needs.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>rabatabar
<Content>Charming and Good Value Would recommend this hotel to friends and will return. Exceptionally clean and friendly place. Interesting decor, furniture and comfortable surroundings. Charming as opposed to corporate. 120 euros for a very large room. Friends paid 89 euros for smaller doubles. All happy with rooms. TV with CNN, BBC and fridge. AC in room great and recent addition to hotel. No Do Not Disturb signs so possibility of housekeep knocking and walking in if you are in room during day. Found all staff to be very pleasant and efficient.Found location very good with easy transport links. If using CDG, Roissy bus at 8.50e to Opera is ideal if you do not mind 5 min walk with luggage.Repeat previous tip about breakfast with a view at the 6th floor self service cafe at Galleries Lafayette. Top floor observation deck also gives a good and free vantage point of Opera and beyond. Plenty of cafes around hotel, but best meal of weekend was at Willis Wine Bar on Petit Champs 20 minutes walk away. 34 euros for 3 courses.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Value for the Money We are so glad we stayed at the Hotel Langlois in July 2006. We were there for three nights and the hotel was the best value for the money of any place we stayed on our two-week France vacation. We paid 120 Euros per night. The staff was very polite, friendly, helpful, and English-speaking. Hotel Langlois is extremely clean. The air conditioning worked perfectly. The hotel is in a great location. The metro is just a block away and the RER is about three blocks away. The easiest way to get from the airport to the hotel is to take the RER since you have the advantage of escalators and fewer changes when dealing with luggage. There is a computer in the breakfast area that you can use after 11am for free. It was very convenient. Breakfast is also served at the hotel for an additional price. However, there are also a variety of other places you can go to within walking distance. There was a refrigerator and TV in our room which were both very nice. Although the hotel claims their windows are soundproof, you can still hear a little bit of outside noise. However, since the hotel is located on a fairly quiet street the noise was not an issue. Printemps, a large department store is located nearby. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay here again. We wholeheartedly recommend this hotel to other travelers.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Langlois is everything as promised The Hotel Langlois was very easy to find, conveniently located (stone's throw from Metro Trinite, 5 minute walk to Gare San Lazare, 10 minute walk to Galleries Lafayette); safe neighborhood. Decor is old world charming French. Room very spacious (14), immaculate, adequately equipped. Proprietor very polite and hospitable. I was given 2 hour late check-out without problem. Internet use very available except during breakfast.Will have no hesitation to stay here again and have recommended hotel to friends and family in Paris and at home.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ErichBakersfield
<Content>Fantastic       Bedroom 2  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MOnica9
<Content>Good, but some issues We chose this hotel based on a great review in a newspaper for our trip to Paris. My mother, father and myself booked a double room with an extra bed. The extra bed was very hard and not very comfortable. I woke up several times each night with pain in my back. Didn't feel very well rested in the mornings. My parents lied in the double bed and had no complaints about the bed. Another irritating thing was the housekeeper. One morning she came into our room without knocking. And although we were 3 people we only got two big towels. One morning I took one towel (for the next morning) from the trolley and put it in the room before we went out. When we got back in the evening she had been in the room and removed it. Very annoying to say the least. I had to use the small towel intended for use after hand- washing every morning. And why was she in our room when the room was already done?The people in the reception was just ok, not too friendly and they rarely even looked up from the computer when we passed the desk. Breakfast was ok, it cost 10 euros per person, the food was high quality and tasty. The aircondition worked fine (thank god, it was over 30 degrees fahrenheit every day)All in all a good experience and I would stay there again, but a little bit more friendliness from the staff and more discretion from the housekeepers would be nice.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mzamar
<Content>So fabulous I thought I was a movie star       Hotel Langois exterior  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great!!!!! Big rooms, big bathrooms!! All very clean!!! air conditioned in the room. Excellent!!! The staff is very friendly. Not expensive at all!! All was definitely perfect.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>max42044
<Content>Langlois Good Value       Bedroom  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Middle-Age-Traveller
<Content>Just what we expected! I booked this hotel after reading your reviews. Was a bit nervous as I was arranging the trip for myself and a French friend who might be critical but we were both delighted. The hotel is near to the Metro and to RER station Haussman-Lazare from Gare du Nord Magenta. We had large quiet room number 11 on first floor at rear of hotel, no view but lovely large bathroom with lots of character. Rooms spotless and towels changed every day. Dining room is small but pretty and lots to eat but you can have breakfast in your room at no extra cost, this is customary in Paris hotels apparently. The staff were friendly, my friend's French no doubt helped, she said that few of the staff were actually French although I couldn't tell from the accent.We had a super meal at les Deux Theatres restaurant, set menu with lots of choices for33 Euros inclusive of a bottle of wine between two and coffee plus a sparkling wine aperitif.The hotel is handy for the sights with a combination of metro and walking. We found that a Paris Museum Pass was handy to skip the queues at Musee d'Orsay and Louvre but didn't save money unless you are a museumaholic. Would definitely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pathni
<Content>Beautiful Break!!! I read the reviews on Tripadvisor and decided to book a three night break at the hotel Langlois, Paris. When we arrived we were warmly welcomed and were pleasantly surprised by the size and decor of our rooms. Lovely high ceilings and a real ambience that can only be experienced when in Paris! The hotel reception were always very helpful and friendly, and ensured that our stay was a memorable one. We asked about reservations for the Moulin Rouge show and the reception immediately contacted them and reserved our table...which ended up being one of the best spots in the theatre! As for location the Hotel Langlois is close proximity to everything, a 15 minute walk to Montematre, same again to the Champs Elysee, close to the large shopping centres, and with a metro within literally 50 meters nothing in Paris is more than a few minutes away. There are a number of relatively inexpensive cafe/ bistros close by and a delicious pattisserie at the corner. All in all I would highly recommend for anyone to stay at the Hotel Langlois, in fact I have booked my second stay for August this year!!!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ga2607
<Content>Good value in a nice area I picked the Hotel Langlois because of its high ratings on Trip Advisor and positive reviews in various guidebooks. I was not disappointed. Staff were very friendly and helpful, going out of their way to make us feel welcomed. We had reserved a standard double, but upon arrival we were told the room was not available the first night, so we would be put in a smaller room at a reduced rate and given a free breakfast. The room was small but was okay. Breakfast was fresh and offered a good selection. The next night they moved all our stuff to a very large room that we occupied the rest of our stay. Area around the hotel is not touristy, but is very convenient to the metro for getting to tourist destinations, especially the Montmartre-Pigalle area. Plenty of interesting places to eat all around the hotel. We and our friends were the only Americans at the hotel during our stay. If you need to stay at a Holiday Inn or Hilton or must have everyone around you able to speak english, this isn't the place for you. But if you want to stay someplace that has its own character and want to get the true feel and flavor of Paris, then this may be the right place at a very reasonable price.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Spirit
<Content>A Good Value and We Were Happy Here We stayed here in early May, 2006. Considering the price of hotels in Paris, this hotel is quite a bargain.The staff are nice.Three of us stayed in a two room suite. We had a big bed and two sort of cot sized fold out beds. I didn't sleep on the fold out beds but apparently they were adequate. The rooms were quite spacious, they were clean, and service was good.The elevator is a relic of a long bygone era It's small and quaint, and in very good condition!. There are a pair of doors behind the front door of the elevator. These inner doors have to be closed for the elevator to work. Hotel guests keep forgetting to close those doors, or don't know they have to, and then the elevator won't move. The young man at the desk is frequently running up the stairs to get the elevator. (He is in very good shape!)We went to the corner caf茅 for coffee and croissants every morning, but the breakfast room in the hotel looked nice鈥tarchy white tablecloths, coffee, big glasses of orange juice鈥 don鈥檛 know what else they had, but people in there looked happy!I had wondered if we would like the location of the hotel since it is in the 9th arrondissement. It turned out that I did like it. Most tourists stay in the arrondissements surrounding the Seine: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7. Those areas are maximally thick with tourists. After spending a day in the Saint Germain area I felt like I needed elbow room and was very happy to go back to the 9th which is mostly French. The Saint Lazare Metro station is at the corner of the hotel鈥檚 block. It could hardly be more convenient. A taxi stand is also at that corner. There鈥檚 a computer with Internet in the breakfast room which is available for use without charge. One of my friends made daily calls to Florida from our room and the charges for the calls were not high. We heard very little noise from the street in our rooms. All three of us were quite satisfied with this hotel.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>the_lowdown
<Content>affordable and nice Stayed at the Hotel Langlois based on its reviews on tripadvisor and the reasonable price. There were 3 of us so they added a cot which was fairly comfortable. The high ceilings (we were on floor 2, which is really the 3rd floor in North America) made the room seem more spacious. The bathroom was quite large. It was almost as big as the bedroom. The place was clean. Located on a quiet street just steps away from the Metro. It's just 3 blocks north of the Opera, 2 block from the department stores, Lafayette and Au Printemps. The staff were friendly and helpful. We had blown a fuse using our North American adaptor and they were quick to fix it. There's an elevator. And free internet service in the small dining area. It was great value for our stay in Paris. We would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travelreviewers
<Content>Full of character I chose Langlois because we prefer hotels with character rather than chain establishments and it certainly didn't disappoint. We stayed in room 41, which was spacious and well furnished. The bathroom was huge with a beautiful art deco sink and bath. The location was also great - we walked to the Louvre in about 25 minutes and back from Montmatre in 20. Getting to the hotel was really easy from the airport, as there's a direct bus to Opera which is a 10 minute walk from the Langlois. I would certainly recommend this place for people who are looking to stay somewhere a little bit different in the centre of Paris.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel -clean and friendly This hotel is rated 2* but we found on our one night stay that it was roomy, clean, friendly, peaceful and very French (ie not an anonymous multiple). The free newspaper at reception (a Guardian) and the free access Internet computer in the small dining room were a real bonus. We don't really understand why it is only 2*.We walked from Gare du Nord (overnight bag only) but it is extremely close to the Metro and the many buses. We had a magical walk from Sacre Coeur in the evening back to the hotel.We'll be going back.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jasper101
<Content>Great Hotel and location       view from our window  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>It_happened
<Content>Well Located Langlois Very good location for shopping, tourist attractions and transport links, be sure to get a room at the very top of the house as the rest are noisy (we had 4 rooms between our party all over the building). By Paris standards it is value for money, the rooms were a good size with decent bathrooms and were nice and clean. Breakfast is good but you can do as well in the cafe's locally for less money.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grdahl
<Content>Very Nice Just what one expects from a Paris Hotel.Old world charm in great location. Rooms weregood size and beds were comfortable.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>HJC54
<Content>Great little French hotel My college-age daughter and I stayed for 4 nights in March. The rooms was typical by European standards, nothing plush, but tastefully appointed. The bathroom was fine (the housekeeping at this hotel is excellent). What we really loved was the old world feel of the hotel...the staircase, tiny elevator with wrought-iron door, etc. We stopped at the bakery a few doors down for breakast each morning, then it was right to the Metro to travel easily all over central Paris. The location is excellent. I found the desk people very kind and helpful, particularly in the wee hours of the morning when I needed directions to the all night pharmacy! We would stay at Hotel Langlois again.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sherry02
<Content>Great location, wonderful service - but old and noisy hotel. We stayed 7 days in Hotel Langlois (room 21)...Location is excellent, service was magnificent!!!Size of our room was OK, but the bathroom was small.Our friends stayed in room 22 - which was much larger with huge bathroom.Our room faced backyard - it was relatively quite (no noise from the street). But when somebody was walking in the room above/below our room - the floor sound like orchestra from Paris Opera. This is a VERY old hotel, which was not remodeled in ages.It is good hotel for the money you are spending, if noise is not an issue for you  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jimjade3
<Content>We are Langlois fans I selected this hotel due to an interest in having my wife and daughter get a sense of an old Parisian experience without breaking the bank. I was attracted to the open cage elevator and the photos on Tripadvisor. My wife is a bit particular and her friends warned against 2 star hotels in Paris, so I was a little concerned. It turned out to be a great value and very good experience for all of us. The location is not in the midst of Paris tourism (a plus for us) but the metro is a half block away and it's a short and easy ride almost anywhere. It is on a little narrow side street with a good patisserie and a few other little cafes. My daughter's favorite Paris chocolate shop is around the corner. The lobby is small but cheerful with the little original caged elevator encircled by curving stairs. I had tried to reserve a suite as there were three of us but they said all suites were booked. It was a shock when we entered our room (about 4 per floor) through oversized double doors to find a large living room (with extra bed formed by folding out a chair) connected to a comfortable bedroom by oversized double doors, and a large renovated bath as well. There were all sorts of touches which showed thoughtful and low-key design of the type which might have been found 100 or so years ago. Marble busts, paintings, brass and mirrored coat rack, ....However, the phones, water pressure, TV's and other modern conveniences worked well and it was very clean. On the downside, the staff members are not particularly personable. They wake you up on time without fail and give you some basic answers but little else. Do not go there is you require concierge service as there is none of that. The fare for 4 nights was about 450 euros which made it an excellent value. As some reviewers have made mention, there is some noise. A few footsteps overhead, a laugh in the corridor, cycles reverberating against close buildings, a radiator clank. But to be honest we walked so far and were so beat that we slept very well. The management has invested in systems to improve sound. The large double casement windows appear old but tney have been replaced and they are further protected by new exterior pull down awnings and very thick interior drapes, as is the entrance double door. They could have gutted the place and produced soundproof generic boxes...but thankfully the owners have chosen to let you remember that you are in Paris.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed Booked my 3 night stay here because of all the great reviews, even though it was a bit above my budget. When we arrived we found that some people had just been moved out of the room we had been assigned - we did not think anything of it at the time. After three nights broken sleep and now know why! The room was a good size and nicely furnished but really hot even with the radiator off and on opening the double glazed windows the noise from the traffic below was terrible - so much for a relaxing weekend! Also on Saturday night I was woken several times by blaring pop music and I could feel the bed move every time a metro train came through! In addition to this the bed was not very comfy and the breakfast was overpriced for what it was. I might pluck up the courage to stay here again, as everyone else seems to have had fun, but I would request a room facing off the street and higher up - avoid the front rooms on the first floor!!!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Flitcraft
<Content>Great little hotel My daughter and I spent a week at the Hotel Langlois and highly recommend it. We had originally planned on not taking the optional breakfast, but ended up doing it almost every day for convenience and to fill us up for the day. In addition to the usual French pastry and bread they had sliced cold meat, eggs to boil, sliced cheeses, and Turkish cheese and oil cured olives. Also orange juice and tea if wanted plus plenty of good French cafe. Very convenient location--only a half block from the Trinite metro station, and about four blocks from the Opera Garnier (where the Roissybus from the airport stops). Also very close to an RER train station.Free Internet was useful, especially when I got very sick during my stay (nothing to do with the hotel!) and needed to check symptoms online, communicate with my health care at home, and order a wheelchair at the airport. The room we had was large by Parisian standards with two firm single beds and an immaculate roomy bathroom.Staff is multi-lingual and very helpful; you are steps from the Metro, and it isn't a tourist-ridden area--we didn't see a single Rick Steves book all week! Strongly recommend for a comfortable well-priced place to stay.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ThaiFemaleTraveler
<Content>Love it! I stayed at the hotel for six nights. The hotel is charming. The room is big. I got a room that did not face the street; so, it was very quiet at night. I thought it was almost too quiet! I found the bed to be a bit too soft for my own preferences. A metro station is just around the corner. I hopped on and off the metro almost the entire time I was there. There are a couple of great restaurants and crepe places around the corner that I went for breakfast almost every morning. I also really like the hotel's free Internet even though I didn't realize that the french has a little different keyboard system! But that just added to more fun! In sum, I had a great time staying at the hotel and would definitely recommend it to my friends and will stay there again in my next visit(s).  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kkotcher
<Content>Charming hotel, great location I found the hotel to be charming and the staff was friendly and helpful. We had room 21 -- we took a room without a view because we needed a bigger room for a family of three (full bed plus a rollaway). The rollaway was the most comfortable portable bed I have ever slept on! The bathroom was huge: we moved a table and chair in there and used it for hanging out at night when you woke up from jet lag and couldn't get back to sleep, but didn't want to wake the others!The room was insulated from the street noise, but the radiator pipes could be pretty noisy at night. I guess this would be my only complaint-- earplugs and Ambien solved this problem for me.I loved the location: lots of restaurants, cafes, metro stops, etc. nearby. Paris Opera House and Galleries Lafayette just 3 blocks away. There's a wonderful little wine bar across the street called La Garonne, and a bakery half a block away where we got breakfast every am (cost 1 euro compared to the 10 euro breakfast at the hotel-- great if you don't want to eat a large breakfast).We had a wonderful experience -- mom, 11 year old child, and grandma all in agreement.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>satchel
<Content>C'est Fantastique! Every morning, I'd soak in the hot tub (we didn't have one of the great big bathrooms, but ours was super clean and had a towel warmer, hair dryer, nice deep tub  shower) and listen to the bells of Trinite chime- it was so relaxing before a day of checking out Paris, and I SO miss it. . .Anyhow, the place was great. We were there the last week of February, and the room I had requested months before was available (64) and we got it (they had emailed back they couldn't guarantee a room, but they remembered!) Each evening we could see the lit up spires of Sacre Coeur in the distance, outside the big double door windows, as we sat and drank champagne at the table in the room. I tell you, though- the housekeeper let us check out some other rooms (I'm nosy) over the course of our stay, when people had checked out, and there were many wonderful rooms, suites, etc.- when we go back (my husband will read this, I hope, and get the hint!) we'll happily stay in any of them.The folks working there were all excellent- we got recommendations for incredible restaurants (try Chez Jean if you want a great, dress-up nouvelle cuisine evening). They'd call for reservations, help us with directions, and all with a friendly smile. The housekeeper was very sweet, complimenting our very little french, leaving the champagne glasses (we got a couple at a small shop down the road) set out on a spiffy doily for their next use (Galleries Lafayette's gourmet section has wonderful demi bottles of champagne that are very nice when chilled in the room fridge!) and even giving me a brief hug when she saw how miserable I looked that last morning, at the thought of going home. . .Now, for the silly stuff- I had bought earplugs because of people complaining about noise here on tripadvisor (we never opened them), and on the first night, when the room was a little warm, we turned down the thermostat and twisted the radiator closed a bit- and didn't have a problem after. The bed was comfortable (and the linen had this wonderful fresh smell that was almost as relaxing as the bath every morning), the big antique armoire had, if you were inclined to want to use them (I wasn't) locks for the door and two of the drawers inside- and held all our stuff. Everything was very charming, very memorable, very when can we come back??I don't like big, impersonal chain hotels very much- I much prefer small bed  breakfast type places, and I thought Hotel Langlois, and the folks who run it, were wonderful.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lacostamom
<Content>An Excellent Value-Can't Wait to Return! What a wonderful experience! This is a lovely hotel in a great part of town. Everyone was friendly and helpful. We were even upgraded to a suite on the top floor because they didn't have any more rooms with two single beds. It's just a few blocks away from the best shopping in Paris and only a block from the Metro. One note: Skip the breakfast there and eat at some of the great restaurants nearby or at the restaurant at Gallerie Lafayette (which looks out on the Eiffel Tower).  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor Service Stayed at this place based on the reviews of this website - I'm sorry I did. The service was very poor. I arrived at the hotel early in the morning with a confirmed reservation for a certain room type picked out from website. Was told that I couldn't check in yet - which was reasonable since it was before noon. Came back later in the day but was then told, oh sorry that room is not available despite my confirmed reservation and having presented myself earlier in the day?! The only room now is one on the ground floor right off the lobby facing the street (with traffic passing by). Why wasn't I told that when I got there that morning? I would have left and found a different hotel. But obviously when I came back it was too late to find another hotel. Guess they wanted to fill as many rooms as possible and gave mine away to someone who didn't want the lobby room. The attitude of the manager/desk staff was very poor. She half-heartedly tried calling for a cab. When the line was busy after one try she said sorry just find one on the street. Thanks for nothing. I would definitely not stay there again and if you do, don't count on your reservation.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>AvidTravelers96
<Content>Wonderful place - Very Parisian Flair We stayed at this hotel for our tenth anniversary and it is absolutely great! I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews but there were no problems. The radiator sounds that people had noted were nothing, if you have ever had radiators then you know the sound. And, the room was always a comfortable temperature. We had room 31, which has a huge bathroom -- HUGE and spotless. The room was neat as a pin as well as the whole Hotel. Staff were very nice and the street it was on was lovely, very convenient. We had breakfast in our room every morning and it was delicious. The smell at around 6AM til 11AM is heavenly, I am convinced that they magically pipe it into the rooms. Smells like baking bread!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will definitely be going back Hands down one of the largest rooms (and bathroom!!) I have ever seen in Paris, at a third of the price. Beautiful light from large windows which looked out into interior courtyard. Well located for public transportation (Metro, buses, Gare du Nord) and walking--straight up the hill to Montmartre in twenty minutes, or down to the Seine in 30. Responding to other reviews I would have to say that yes, the cleaning people were slightly aggressive, and there were some loud pipe noises, but nothing that took away from a generally excellent experience, or that would be unexpected in an older building. I managed to sleep very well in a comfortable bed. Great value!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Busbee
<Content>Big Rooms and Excellent Location Could not believe the size of the room and the seperate bathroom attached. Excellent buffet breakfast for only E10. Central location near the big shops and loads of restaurants nearby.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Spent our first wedding anniversary at this great little hotel and would definitely recommend it. The location was perfect - 2 minutes from Metro station, but the hotel is so central, that we rarely used it and tended to walk everywhere. Our room was great (6th floor)and the hotel in general was very traditional and quirky. We loved it. Didn't have breakfast as there are loads of bakeries nearby, but plenty of people did, so it must have been good! The staff were friendly and helpful and the hotel was kept beautifully clean. If you're after somewhere a bit different with plenty of Parisien charm and character, then this is a great hotel.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, good location We stayed for a weekend at the Hotel Langlois and thought the hotel was fantastic. We were slightly apprehensive after reading the bad reports on trip advisor but we were pleasantly surprised. We even took ear plugs as there were many reports of the hotel being extremely noisy on your website.We arrived late on Friday night for the weekend and the staff were very courteous and friendly. We had a superior double room on the 5th floor. It was much larger than any other room in Paris we had stayed at (for the same price) and never encountered any noise problems whatsoever. A great location, only 10 minutes by bus from Gare du Nord, and 10 mins by metro to Musee D'Orsay. We will definitely stay here again when we return to Paris.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>guba-7
<Content>Good location, good price, and a slightly mad cleaner! I stayed at the hotel for 4 days with my wife, with mixed feelings. Good points:-It was in good location with access to the Trinite metro a few minutes walk away.- Good prices for Paris.- Plenty of cafes/brasseries nearby all serving decent food.Bad points:- the noises in the hotel were annoying.They were from the water pipes, heaters, and neighbours.- it was very hot.- the cleaners very overeager to say the least.One morning she came in at 9:30.And the other day, she wanted to clean the room whilst we were sleeping!!!! I appreciate she may have been busy, but come on!On the whole, the hotel has its charm, but the constant noises and the mad cleaners spolit the stay.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>chandeb
<Content>Great Location! Wonderful location! I took the Roissy bus directly from the airport to the Opera and the hotel was only a few blocks away through the shopping district. Sure beat lugging luggage up and down train and metro stations. Another good things about the hotel is that guests can use their computer/internet for free. The computer is in the breakfast room. We stayed at various hotels throughout France, this is highly uncommon.The hotel/room is old. The water pipe, at least I think that's what it was, in my room made loud beating noise sporadically throughout the day. I was so jetlagged that I slept through it but it would annoy me otherwise.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChippyBrady
<Content>great hotel in a good location We stayed at hotel langlois from 4th to 7th of Feb.This hotel is great value for money, we stayed in one of their superior rooms on the 5th floor. It was clean, comfortable  spacious.The location is great as its just a couple of mins from trinite metro station. The area is queit and safe.There are also plenty of cafes, pattiseries close by. We would stay at Langlois again as it proved great value for money.Just note that this is a really old building so the pipes rattle a bit  sometimes you can hear your neighbours moving about but all and all this is a great hotel, with plenty of french charm.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Theft---Management Deception We just got back from our stay in Hotel Langlois, and had such a miserable experience that I feel I have to share it with other travelers. Our hotel room was robbed during our stay and the hotel managed this incident very poorly. Our almost entire wardrobe got stolen during the trip including many luxury brand items that you cannot necessarily fit into a safe. Some of these items were bought during their trip in Paris including luxury handbags and footwear. The robbery took place on the day before our departure. We are still investigating the matter, but we have not been compensated for our loss to this day and it seems like such an expensive stay for a 2-star hotel when you factor in our loss, not to mention the stress factor. I would stay away by all means. Here is a recap of the hotel theft incident:We entered the room one evening to find it all messed up and realized many of our belongings were missing from the room. We called the reception which then informed the manager. The manager apologized and told us they would compensate us for whatever was stolen. We said we would like to inform the authorities and make an official statement to the police. The manager told us this is unnecessary and asked us to make a list of stolen items. When we asked the manager if he could see in the computer any entries to our room other than housekeeping, we were told that there were none. However, one hotel staff did tell us later that our room was entered after the housekeeping left and before we arrived. We were puzzled. The next day, when we provided the manager with the total value of the missing goods, he proceeded to the closest bank and came back with a copy of a swift message for X Euros (total value of the stolen items) showing that this amount was transferred to our bank account and allowing no arguments or discontent on our part. The case seemed to be settled and closed. That day, we flew to London, relieved. When we came back home, we found out that the manager recalled the money from our bank without even informing us. We were told to deal with the insurance company. Well, as the hotel manager had told us at the time of the incident that it was unnecessary to call the police and issue an official statement, we were in no position to recover the total value of the goods from the insurance company. We had a wrong start. Had the hotel manager not provided us with the bank receipt showing X euros were transferred to our account the next day, our approach would have been more professional and official. We have been robbed and later deceived by the hotel management. We faced tremendous stress in dealing with this hotel theft situation. The hotel's management of the situation was far more stressful for us than the incident itself. Again, I would stay away by all means. After all, a vacation is meant to bring you peace and not stress.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>templemd
<Content>great The hotel is in a great location..convenient to both the trinite and lafayette metro stations. The rooms are very clean and generous in size. There is a great bakery just down the street for bread and pastery. For a great and local non-touristy dinner go to Les Comediennes next to trinite church. The staff are very helpful.We stayed for seven nights with two children in a suite. (Good choice if traveling with kids) We would definetly stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lantus007
<Content>a beautiful hotel and quiet ,good location ,safe This has got to be the best hotel for the price.We had a standard room it was beautiful and clean.IT LOOKED LIKE THE WEBSITE.It had a black marble fireplace in the room with white marble reclining female nude statue and tall ceilings.It had a great bathroom, deep tub ,and a good bed.What more do u need for romance.The hotel is very special and has been the set for several movies.The hotel staff is very helpful. .The hotel is very close to Galleries Lafayette where we had breakfast every day on a terrace overlooking the Opera and Paris.Breakfast was cheaper by half at the department store.Have fun!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We love it.. My self and my husband we stayed here for 5 nights. This was our 3rd visit to Hotel Langlois.We just love the location, the decor, the rooms and friendly staff.We'll go back next year for sure.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A really happy Christmas! My husband and I went to Paris along with two other couples this Christmas. We had an excellent stay at the Langlois. All three couples were very content with the rooms (again, exept from the over-heating) and we all found the location quite central.We walked both to the Louvre and Sacre-coeur within twenty minutes.The rooms are big (for Paris!) and charming, and the elevator just has to be experienced (but not with more than two persons in it at a time. very romantic, we thought)No complaints about the staff, all six of us found them smiling and helpful.I would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone I know, and I undoubtably would return myself, also.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No better for the price or more This is simply the best hotel deal in Paris. Yes, the floors will have some creaks and unevenness. No, the rooms will not be absolutely quiet. And, yes, the furniture shows some age.But what some people consider drawbacks, others consider advantages. We stayed in the second floor (third floor for Americans) suite for over a week and found it a perfect place to come home to after a day of museums, stores, or gloriously aimless wandering. We came home to two large rooms with very high ceilings, marble mantels, some charming sculpture, two balconies, and--most of all--comfort. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful; the maid was an absolute charmer. If you want a slick hotel where all the staff is perfectly fluent in English, go elsewhere. If you can manage a bit of French and want to stay someplace where it feels completely like Paris, and if you want to do it at an unbeatable price, stay at the Hotel Langlois.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>le juif errant
<Content>Wonderful Hotel but Clangy Pipes at Night This is a difficult review to write, because the hotel was excellent on almost every level--larger than average room and bathroom for the price, friendly and helpful clerks (with the exception of a dour one at nighttime), close proximity to the Trinite metro, and free Internet access. We didn't notice in their e-mail confirmation that the continental breakfast wasn't free (cost 9 euros), but that was our fault.As attractive as this hotel is on many levels, I wouldn't stay here again, for only one reason: the noisy clanging pipes at night, which became unbearable. If you don't get much sleep, it can be hard to sightsee the next day.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>badly1004
<Content>Brilliant! We stayed here from 3rd - 5th January and find it very hard to fault the place. First of all the location is superb. To get there we just got off the bus from Beauvais at Port Maillot where we went round the corner to the Metro station and bought our 3 day tickets. From Port Maillot we travelled on to Concorde where we changed for Trinite. Although we took a wee while to find the hotel it's really very easy to find if you know where to look. Just come up the steps of Trinite Metro and take the street on your right - Rue St. Lazare. It's just along there a bit. From this station you can get anywhere within minutes. It's also within easy walking distance of the Moulin Rouge and the Opera.The hotel itself is very charming and we found the service to be excellent. The bed could be more comfortable but the room was huge and we had a shower, toilet, minibar and tv. We were lucky enough to have a room at the back so we didn't get much noise although it's in the middle of a big city so you should probably be prepared for that. Any time we asked for help at the reception we received it with a smile. My biggest tip would be to ask for a restaurant recommendation. You won't be disappointed.All in all if you want a place to rest your head for a decent price in the centre of Paris you can't really go wrong with this place.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Abby-m
<Content>Not quite impressed I think one has to acknowledge from the very onset that what is good for one will not necessarily be for another. Like other people, I chose the hotel based on good reveiws but I must say I was disappointed. Except for the location and some helpful members of staff, in particular one very friendly and extremely helpful young lady, there isn't much that I liked about the hotel especially the room - from the decor to just the ambiance. Although the room was bigger than most of the hotel rooms I've seen or stayed at in Europe, I did not quite like it. The room was not sound proofed, making each and every sound from other rooms very audible including footsteps on a creaky wooden floor from the room above. I'm sure the occupant of the room below me also suffered, as my floor also creaked badly and I was restless for most of the time. I should maybe take some responsibility for not specifically asking for a non-smoking room, but it was as if people on my floor were on a smoking holiday. They would smoke until the small hours of the morning and by day break I would be literally choking. The bed was uncomfortable, 'caved in' and creaky, the pillows equally uncomfortable. I don't know if the heating system was not effective or if it was just me freezing. The lift is quite antique and intersting but it wasn't getting to my floor on some days.I think some travellers will still find the hotel ok, but personally I don't think I'll be returning.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gooney
<Content>Best deal in Paris            
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scott&Stacey
<Content>You Can Do Better in Paris We stayed here 5 nights in mid December and we were going to return for 4 nights around New Years, but canceled our reservation and booked elsewhere. There were 3 major problems: the noise, the neighborhood, and --most importantly -- the poor value based on what you can find elsewhere.As for the noise, the sewage pipes and the radiator pipes are not insulated, so you hear every time someone in a nearby room flushes the toilet or showers. But the radiator pipes were the worst. Every night from 10pm to about 2am the pipes from the radiator clanged so loud it was impossible to sleep (even for a heavy sleeper), then the heat would be reduced and the room was chilled during the day. We asked to change rooms, but were told that it was an old system and that other guests had the same complaints and that there was nothing to be done. Don't expect to go to sleep any time prior to 2am because the radiator pipes will keep you awake.Furthermore, the hotel is not in a nice or convenient neighborhood. It's in a busy commercial district. You'll take the metro more than you need to and walk on ugly streets to get where you need to be. It's not the impression you want of Paris.Regarding the value, the Langlois is charging 110 euro for a standard double plus 9 euro for breakfast. So for 2 people, you're paying 128 euro because despite what other guests say, the breakfast is the best deal you'll find. You'll pay 9 - 12,50 euro plus tip for a similar breakfast on the street unless you get a pastry and coffee, which is neither healthy nor adequate for a morning of sightseeing. The 9 euro for a breakfast that includes yoghurt, cheese, and other sources of protein is reasonable. So 128 euro for a noisy, shabby room (We had one of the rooms pictured on the web. It's not so nice in person: terrible mattress, musty smell, and rickety furniture.), a poor location, and a not very helpful staff. Whereas we moved to the Hotel D'Angleterre, on Rue de Jacob in the St. Germain area and for 145 euro (which included breakfast) we had a charming room with a garden/courtyard view, easy walking distance to all the major sights (NOT METRO --the fares add up, by the way), a charming neighborhood that was a pleasure to stroll through, easy access to all sorts of cafes and bistros, a wonderfully helpful staff, a beautifully appointed lounge and breakfast room with lovely china (extensive buffet breakfast), and most importantly, a quiet peaceful place to sleep.Had we not moved hotels, we would have left Paris with a bad impression based on being tired and having to negotiate the horrible streets around the Langlois. It is a budget hotel charging mid-range hotel prices and at these prices, you can find accommodation that is much better and will make your stay in Paris much nicer.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Honnymooner
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the hotel with my wife for two nights on the 22-24 dec. The Hotel is lovely, in a great location and worth every penny of the 110 euros a night. I stayed in room 64 which was quite large with a smallish bathroom (All you need to get washed in). Found the staff friendly enough and had no problems with them. On the downside it was a bit noisy at night and the rooms were very warm but will stay here again the next time I go to Paris.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>samski
<Content>Loved it       Lounge room (room 71)  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst European hotel experience we've ever had! My husband and I just returned from a 7 night stay at the Hotel Langlois. We have relied on TripAdvisor for choosing many of the hotels we have stay in in Europe and we鈥檝e always been satisfied. But the Hotel Langlois was definitely an exception.We made reservations for a superior double with a large bathroom, but when we arrived, we were given a very small room with a tiny bathroom and angled ceiling on the 6th floor. The mattress was visibly and significantly caved in the middle. We were shocked to say the least. We explained that this is not what was represented and asked if they had any rooms like those pictured on their website. Fortunately, they had two others and let us look at both of them. Both were on the 1st floor and were spacious and attractive like those pictured. But one of them again had a mattress that was visibly caved in the middle and was on the street side, with very loud traffic noise even through the closed windows. We chose the other, mostly because it looked like it had an okay mattress (though very worn) and was quieter. We were content with our choice: two big dressers to put our clothes in, a large bathroom, attractive, and typically Parisian. Unfortunately, we discovered that even though this bed wasn鈥檛 visibly caved, it was in reality caved, lumpy, and extremely uncomfortable. As another reviewer wrote, it also got unbearably hot with the heaters and we were forced to keep the windows open which caused the radiators to crackle and pop very loudly all night long. Being on the first floor, we could also feel the room rattle every time the metro train went by, which was quite frequently. By the next morning, we were exhausted, having slept very little. Then when it came time for showers, there was almost no water coming out of the shower head, not even enough to get the shampoo out (my husband worked on it for a while and it got better but was still quite bad)鈥攕o forced to take baths and wash hair under the running faucet. This continued for the first four nights of our visit. We had scheduled a trip to London in the middle of our Paris trip (thank God!!) and by the time it came to leave, we couldn鈥檛 have been happier to check out. Fortunately the hotel we stayed in in London was very nice (and cheaper) with excellent beds, and we were finally able to get some sleep.Upon our return, we were given a room on the 6th floor with a completely disfigured mattress鈥攕ignificant mountains and valleys all over. I鈥檝e honestly never seen anything like it. The room was also small with a bathroom so small that only one of us could stand in it at a time (and this was a superior double!). They had no other room to give us, it was late Christmas Eve, and since we hadn鈥檛 researched anywhere else to stay, we agreed to stay. We flipped the mattress which made it somewhat better. We slept awful again with the same heat and mattress problems, but this time in addition we had extremely loud plumbing noises that sounded like a waterfall coming into our bathroom every time someone flushed the toilet. By the next morning we figured out what was going on鈥攖here literally was a waterfall coming into our bathroom. Some of the pipes were broken and every time someone flushed the toilet their raw sewage was pouring onto our bathroom floor. At this point, I felt pretty resigned to dealing with it and just getting through the next three days, but my husband was so horrified (Thank God) that he demanded another room. The entire time we were there, the staff was overwhelmingly UNhelpful, but this time there was a different person at the desk that my husband spoke to. She was very sympathetic and offered to give us a suite for the price of a superior double. We moved into the suite on the 3rd floor鈥攁gain another mattress with visible caving in the middle. The bathroom had an awful smell of urine, the TV was broken, the room was overheated, and filled up with exhaust fumes in the morning when the windows were open. By our last night, at about 3:00 am, my husband pulled out one of the chairs that turns into a twin bed and exclaimed, 鈥淥h my God, it鈥檚 actually comfortable!鈥?br/>A word about the staff: with the exception of one person (a young woman who spoke excellent English and was very kind), the staff was pretty much completely unwilling to help. A month before our stay I contacted the hotel and asked them if they would be able to help with recommendations for Christmas dinner since from what I could tell most restaurants would be closed that day. The woman I spoke to told me it was too early to ask and told me to contact them two weeks before Christmas. So I emailed them two weeks before and was told that they would provide that information when we arrived. When we arrived, my husband asked the older woman (not the young helpful one) at the desk and she said she didn鈥檛 have any recommendations to give us. Then when we asked again upon our return on Christmas Eve, the man at the desk said he had nothing to recommend. I explained that we really needed help with this and that they agreed to help. I asked him if he would be willing to do some research and find out what was open. The man had the gall to tell me to go research it on my own on their computer! I told him that I had already spent several hours on the internet trying to find something but was not successful because I didn鈥檛 speak the language, and didn鈥檛 know the city and what resources to look at. He said, 鈥淲ell whatever I find you could just find yourself.鈥?I said to him very assertively, 鈥淣o, it鈥檚 appropriate for you to do this. It鈥檚 part of your job. When we return from dinner, I expect you to have this information鈥?Very quickly, he had a restaurant and made reservations for us. Why was it necessary for us to go through that?I also emailed the hotel prior to our stay asking for help with getting Louvre tickets. I said that I had heard that you can avoid the long lines by purchasing the tickets in advance, and asked if they had tickets themselves (a common service of most concierges) or had a way of getting them. I received a very terse and rude reply, 鈥淣o, it is not possible for us to go and stand in line for you to get your tickets for you,鈥?and then she wrote the word Louvre in all caps because I had misspelled it. When I received this reply, and being upset enough to want to cancel my reservation, I decided it must have been due to a language barrier and gave them the benefit of the doubt, but having experienced the lack of hospitality there, I now know that it wasn鈥檛.My husband and I have stayed in many hotels throughout Europe and South America at comparable or cheaper prices, and I can honestly say that this is the worst hotel experience we have ever had. Some of the rooms are spacious and attractive and it is in a very convenient location, but unless they buy new mattresses and undergo some significant renovations (heaters, plumbing, etc) and hire new staff that is actually interested in helping, I cannot possibly recommend this hotel. Having gone through the experience, although I never would have imagined saying it, I would recommend staying at a cookie-cutter, boring Ibis for a comparable or cheaper rate. At least there you鈥檒l get some sleep.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>acechick
<Content>easily twice the size of other places I've stayed in Paris       Room #55 (before unpacking)  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location Having visited Paris five times previously, staying in hotels at around the 100 euro mark, I believe that the Hotel Langlois, represents the best value for money that I have experienced in Paris.We stayed over Xmas and paid 96 euros per night. The rooms are clean and pleasantly decorated with antiques, and our bathroom had recently been renovated.Staff are very helpeful (confirming dinner reservations, making restaurant recomendations, and printing directions and metro information).The hotel is in an excellent location, only a 5 min walk from Opera. The Metro stop Trinite is less than a two minute walk away.A taxi stand is located at the end of the street (approx 5 euros to Gare de Nord Station, 9 euros to St. Germain, 7 euros to Champs Eleysee).There is also a fantastic Bistro called Le Bistro des Deux Theatres near the hotel, at 18, rue Blanche. Turn left outside the hotel, and then take first street on your right - continue for about 200m and you will hit rue Blanche. We had dinner here on Xmas Eve, and it was one of the best meals we had in Paris (33 euros for champagne cocktail, 3 course meal, bottle of wine and coffee!!!)Hotel Langois, is NOT a 5 star hotel, but if you are looking for a hotel in an excellent location, that is clean and great value - you really can't beat Hotel Langlois. I thoroughly recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value and great location Like many people, we booked this hotel because of the reviews it has received. We weren't disappointed, especially in view of the price we paid (96 Euros per room per night, for a double) and my experience of other Paris hotels in this price bracket.Most of the comments in the other reviews are true: large rooms, very nice decor, and attention to detail. Unfortunately the bathroom size seems to depend on the amount you pay - our room was in the low end of the price bracket and we had a tiny bathroom! It was nice and clean, but basically wouldn't do for 'larger' people!One more thing to flag up: it is an old building and has very thin walls, as well as creaky floorboards. On one night the heating was on quite high I think, with the result that the old radiator in our room was making a banging noise for quite a few hours. It didn't bother us much as we'd packed earplugs, but there's no way we could have slept through it otherwise!All in all I'd definitely stay at the Hotel Langlois again - you're not going to find a hotel with as much charm and individuality for the price in Paris. Just remember to take some earplugs if you're anything but a heavy sleeper...!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Gem Of A Hotel A lovely hotel in a great location - the nearest Metro stop is Trinite which is only a few steps from the hotel and from there you can be in any part of the city in a very short time. The hotel is also only 5 minutes walk away from Blvd Haussman where you will find some of the major Paris department stores including Printemps and Galleries Lafeyette.Overall the hotel was clean and the staff were friendly and welcoming. The rooms are large and traditionally French (from the era of the Belle Epoche) and the rate per night is very reasonable. I would have no hesitation in recommending the Hotel Langlois no matter what the purpose of your trip, be it business or pleasure.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JackTheTraveller
<Content>Lovely and convenient but not outstanding This is a nice hotel in a very good location, close to the big department stores, a few nice brasseries, and very close to the subway. To accomodate 2 relatively grown up children, we reserved a suite and got the one on the 4th floor, facing the street. We were also offered a studio on the 7th floor but decided not to try it. The room was very nice and clean and fairly large by Paris standards. One of our problems was that the heat worked too well and we needed to open the window but the street was so noisy that we had to close it. So during the nights, we played open/close the window to maintain a relatively normal temperature in the room and to reduce the dryness. The breakfast is a bit expensive for what they offer. There is a computer available to use and to check email and that is very convenient. The reception is receptive. We used a taxi from CDG back and forth and paid about 50 Euros each way for 4 people and 3 suitcases. Due to the noise level, I would not return to the hotel during the summer months but would consider it in the winter. BTW, the prices mentioned in TripAdvisor are not realisitic. Rooms are much more expensive, about 100 euros is the minimun you are likely to pay.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the lift! Good value 2 star hotel ideally located only 100 metres from a metro stop and 5 mins walk from the La Fayette and Printemps department stores and the Opera.The hotel is over 100 years old and that adds to the charm. It is full of antiques but also has the modern touches eg free broadband internet access in the lobby. The rooms vary in size we stayed in 24 which had two separate rooms - a double bed in one and two single sofa beds in the other.The floor creaks, there is the occasional distant rumble from the metro, the shower runs hot and cold but that all adds to the charm of the hotel.Continental breakfast costs 9 euro and is reasonably priced compared to surrounding cafe's. Staff friendly and speak good English.The lift is straight out of a thriller movie - we were only on the second floor but my wife insisted that we used the lift every time.The Hotel Langlois (Des Croises) thoroughly deserves it's high rating on Tripadvisor. I'm glad we didn't go for a soulless modern Ibis or Comfort hotel for the same price.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wish we could have stayed longer!!! We loved it!!! We chose to stay here based on the Trip Advisor reviews, and it lived up to everyone's high remarks! We absolutely loved it! For the price, you cannot beat this hotel! Our honeymoon was 2 weeks long, 6 of those nights in Paris (4 at the beginning of the trip at a different hotel, 2 in the end of the trip at the Langlois), and we chose a slightly cheaper hotel for the first 4 nights. I wish we had stayed in this hotel the whole time! It was so cute and really very charming. I loved this location. At first, I looked at a map and thought that it looked like it was slightly far from the monuments, but it really isn't! And not to mention the fact that the metro stop is SO close...just at the end of the street! There are so many little restaurants close to the hotel and there is a great little wine shop just across and down the street towards the church (the owner of the wine shop is so nice and spoke great English). The hotel is also very close to Au Printemps and Galleries Lafayette (shopping). Also, there is a great little creperie near the metro stop. The room that we had was great. It was on the 5th floor and had a great view of the street and the huge church/cathedral (not sure???) and the tops of the buildings. We loved the room. It was very very big by Parisian standards, and it was just very comfortable! Again....we loved it!From reading a couple of other reviews, I noticed something that I strongly disagree with, not about the hotel itself, but rather getting to the hotel. I read that the other reviewers only paid about 40 Euros for a taxi ride to the hotel, but we took a taxi for one leg of our airport travels to and from Paris city center. We were charged 60 Euros for 2 people with 3 suitcases. We knew that we were being majorly ripped off, but we couldn't do anything about it. The other 3 legs of our airport traveling, we used a company called Airport Connection, (you have to pre-book them over the internet) and we loved them. Don't book them if you expect a super-quick trip (it takes aprx 45 mins-1 hour to Paris from the airport  vice versa), but they are reliable and have the cheapest price I could find anywhere! Their website is ----------. We loved their service. =)Overall, I just absolutely loved this hotel and the neighborhood it was situated in. The true testament is to ask Would I stay there again? and the answer is without a doubt YES! Stay there....you won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value for Money I stayed in Hotel Langlois with my family on the 5 to 10 Nov. We stayed in room 14 on the first night, no air-con and it was noisy even with the lightest traffic. We requested to stay at the top floor and was given the change the next night. Room 64 was great, bigger than room 14 and noise level was lower. The bed was ok however the pillows were too soft. The hotel is warm and cosy with friendly staff. The room is clean and tidy. The staffs are helpful and they speak english. Hotels are very expensive in Paris, and for the price I have paid for , I would say this hotel offers great value for money.It was our first trip to Paris, we managed to find our ways around the city. Most of the musesums and monuments can be reached using the metro. You will find bakeries, cafes, chinese food down the streets. Taxi trip from the hotel to CDG airport cost abt 40 euros.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely, but not quite 5 star We booked this hotel mainly due to the reviews on this site. It is a lovely, clean, friendly hotel.......we had a great stay.However, I wouldn't give it 5 stars for a couple of reasons. Firstly, the walls are paper thin!! We could hear people outside our room and a lot of noise from upstairs (even when someone was using the loo in the room above!!!). Also, the hot water ran out one morning and we had semi-tepid showers.Altogether, a lovely stay, great location, would definatley go back, but I have stayed in more comfortable hotels.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything as promised! It's comforting to know that Tripadvisor ratings are reliable, and the Hotel des Croises certainly lived up to its ratings when we visited in early October. The staff in this delighful hotel were quietly courteous and efficient. They offered a very helpful service, which included some assistance that went well beyond the minimalist approach often adopted in modern hotels. Enough has been said about the unique charms of this establishment in other postings:they are all true! The room size was exceptional,and the room rate offered quite stunning value for money.This is not a luxury hotel, but offers much that one would not expect in this price range. Another attractive feature of a stay here is the accessibility of the location. Only one minute's walk from The Metro, we reached the hotel in only 20 minutes from the airport bus terminus; the major sights are all within a short Metro ride and made easier with a tourist transport pass which was well worth buying.There are limitless eating places, and even if you head for the Left Bank, you may eat well within even the tightest budget.We have no decision to make when we next head for Paris; we shall be staying at the Hotel des Croises.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>westwing
<Content>Great 2 Star Hotel This is our 5th time in Paris. We have stayed at 5 star and 2 star hotels. All hotels in Paris have a star rating from 1 to 5 based on a complex formula of ammenities and location. Hotel Langlois if rated 2 strs but is closer to a 3 star. It is very clean and the rooms are extremely large for Paris. Breakfast is served in a small room off the main lobby. Cost is 9 Euros. Not many tabels and very warm. The food is OK at best. You can get a full American breakfast for 12.50 (eggs, bacon, pastry, potatoes, coffee and juice) at one of the 4 cafes in the main square (3 minute walk).The lower rooms and rooms on the street side of St Lazare are very noisy. Our room #12 did not have A/C and when you open the window, the noise is extreme. We also had room #15 and this was a little quieter but smaller. Staff friendly and speaks english. The Metro is a quick 4 minute walk. If this is your first time in Paris the Metro is a wonderful transit system that will take you anywhere in central Paris in a matter of minutes. Very easy to understand. Beds and pillows are comfortable. Decor is very nice with accent on old French. Walls, paintings, furniture bed looked great but the lamps, TV, minibar and bathroom toiletries were more likely bought at a Kmart type store. No clock but wakeup service. Bathroom in our room was BIG and CLEAN. If you like a HOT shower take it before 8:30 or at night.The shower curtain was very cheap and the water pressure OK. Taxi from Charles De Gaulle airport cost 42 Euros (50 with 4 people). Roissy Bus from airport will drop you off at the Opera (9 euros each)which is a short walk to the hotel. If you have never been before be warned that the sidewalks in this area are very crowded so it's tough with luggage. Hotel is also close to MAJOR department stores of Au Printemps and Gallieries Layafatte. If you have time check out the window displays at these stores. Remarkable! We went in November and each winodw was a magical event with full animation.We all enjoyed this hotel. Best features are the cleanliness, price and size of rooms. Worst feature--street noise. All in all, if you are on a tight budget and want a CLEAN hotel in a great part of the city, this is a good buy.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>florida45
<Content>The high ratings are well-deserved!!! My wife and I just returned to Florida after a four night stay at the charming Hotel Langlois in Paris. We found the positive reviews on Tripadvisor to be very, very accurate. The hotel is comfortable and immaculate, with recently upgraded furnishings and decor. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. Breakfast was excellent. The street/neighborhood is safe and in a convenient location.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Langlois The best hotel we've stayed in Paris so far (5 others not worth a revisit). Clean, stylish and economical. the restaurant recommendations from the staff were also first class. Very convenient for moving around the city, some local pastry shops and bars closed at the weekends, but plenty are open. Its cheaper to have a coffee and croissant in a nearby cafe, however the buffet breakfast is good value. Will definately go back.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MI4
<Content>Bargain Hotel in central Paris       3rd floor suite at Langlois Hotel  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coolcookie
<Content>Very friendly and helpful staff, great hotel, full of character I stayed at this hotel with my two little boys. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was very comfortable, all your home comforts. Couldn't fault it at all. I'd definitely stay here again, no question. There was a great sandwich bar just at the end of the street too, very good and reasonable.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FANTASTIC!!! We loved it! We stayed at the Hotel Langlois for 6 nights in early October/05 and just loved it. It is affordable, clean, quiet, and oozes old-world charm. Our room was on the 6th floor facing St-Lazare avenue and we had a great view of the nearby cathedral St-Trinite. The single elevator is funky and fun to ride and likely dates back to the original construction of the hotel.The staff at the Hotel are very friendly and willing to let you try your French out - it helps that they know some English (the manager is very good at English). Breakfast is a reasonable cost and is pretty good, but we suggest you go explore the nearby cafes for your petit-dejeuner. Having said that, we ate breakfast a number of times at the hotel as it was very convenient.The location is great - just 50 feet or so to the Metro stop, and from there Paris is very easy to explore. For those who have been to Paris before, you know how important it is to be close to the Metro. The Metro stop is St-Strinite on line #12 and you can easily transfer to other lines that take you to all the major attractions like the Louvre, Eiffel Tower, and Notre Dame. Tip: ask the Metro ticket booth person for a grand plan de Metro (map) as it is the easiest metro map to follow.The Gare du Nord (Paris North Station) is a 10-euro taxi ride, which was great for us since we chunneled to London after Paris.For food, there are numerous cafes and restaurants in the area. We loved the crepe stand across from St Trinite cathedral for a quick snack, the bakery just down the street, and the cafe on the corner. Tip: DO NOT eat at the Greek sandwich shop on St Lazare across from the Hotel. Their service was terrible and the food was expensive and very bland.If we ever go back to Paris, we will likely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EuropeanAmerican
<Content>Very Happy with the Hotel Langlois My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Langlois from Sept 24th through Sept 29th 2005. I did a lot of research through Tripadvisor and I am pleased with our choice for the hotel. The positives you read in the other reviews are true. I was mainly impressed by the staff, specifically the two young women who staff the front desk. They were very helpful when we had questions about where to find a store to buy food for a picnic (the Galleries Lafayette has a gourmet food section), where to find a laundry (walk out the front door of the Hotel, take a right and it's a 5 minute walk on St. Lazare and is on the right) and how to find the Hard Rock Cafe' - Paris (it's on Boulevard Hausmann - we only went there for a souvenier for a friend). I'd also like to put in a plug for the guys at the panini / crepe stand attached to the Royal Trinite' cafe. The panini's are great (try the l'espangnol) and the cooks are really friendly.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rttn
<Content>Very good indeed Now. This hotel is perfect. Really. Since there is no air condition in the rooms the hotel, by french standards, gets a maximum of two stars (one star?). The class is much higher though.I'm giving only 4 stars due to the fact that the hotel had accepted more reservations than they have rooms. We had to stay at Hotel Brittany the first night (out of four) and that was not a pleasant experience (avoid that hotel at any cost!). I figure this is something they do on a regular basis due to the popularity.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>UK_SimonG
<Content>Paris without attitude Like many others I booked this based on the reviews from this website - and was not disappointed. The front desk staff could not have been more helpful - and even ensured we got to the airport on time despite the metre/RER strike, by warning us of the strike and then booking an early taxi.Room on the 6th floor was wonderful - lots of character and with air conditioning 鈥?not that it was needed.It is an old hotel and you do hear some noise from other rooms and the lift 鈥?and why some people need showers/baths at 6am on a Sunday 鈥︹€?br/>This is the best Paris hotel I have stayed in (out of circa 10 others) and would highly recommend it to people who want character, space, excellent and proactive reception staff and who accept the occasional noise you get in an old/character hotel.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent stay We chose this hotel based on the reviews and further research.Before making the our stop here, we stayed at a different, more expensive hotel - what a mistake. The hotel is great for the price and the staff is really helpful.I will stay here on my next visit.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>IUBBFAN
<Content>Well worth the wait..... My wife and I stayed ot this hotel last week Sept 10-12 2005. To make a long story short, WE LOVED THIS HOTEL! It oooozes Paris! The room was huge and the bathroom was bigger than all of other rooms on our European trip. The place is furnished with original antiques, had 2 fireplaces in it and had ceiling to floor windows that opened up to a wonderful view of the Trinite Church. The staff was very helpful with all questions.The hotel is super convenient to the Trinite Metro stop which is 1 minute walk and the L' Open Bus tour stop which is a 2 minute walk away. This was our first trip to Paris and was a little hesitant about public transportation but it was an absolute breeze! The hotel has many restaraunts bakerys, crepe stands etc very near also. I would not hesitate to say that if we go back to Paris, we will definitely stay here again, it was a great value!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MattB
<Content>Elegance and Value A small, family operated hotel that is conveniently located. It is possible to walk to most areas of interest from the hotel. Our room was spaceous, clean, and well decorated. The elevator is vintage, and small, so the stairs are sometimes a better option. Breakfast is offered in classic style (fresh pastries, fruit, and coffee).For the price, one of the best values we have ever encountered.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iantraveller
<Content>Incroyable Indeed! Loved this Paris hotel! We stayed in Paris for several night with our three young children. We had two rooms on the 4th floor and were pleasantly surprised by the quality owe found. We selected this hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews and we found exactly what people said we would ... an amazing little hotel, in a fantastic location, with beautiful rooms and friendly helpful staff. Our kids enjoyed riding the lift each day and I appreciated having access to teh internet to stay on top of work back home (although my wife constantly chastised me!) This hotel is a real gem and I wish I wasn't so glowing for fear I won't be able to get a reservation next time but it was simply outstanding value. The location was very convenient and just minuted from the Metro station. There was a bank machine and post office just down the street and excellent restaurants within a few metres of the hotel in every direction. My family amd I just had a dreamy vacation in Paris and I can't wait to go back to the Hotel Des Croises when we return to Paris again one day!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WindshearDon
<Content>Great Value, Good Location We stayed at Hotel Langlois based on reviews found on TripAdvisor. It exceeded all our expectations. We wanted a quiet place which was well-situated for a brief visit in Paris while we got over our jet lag. It offered a lot more.We were able to get to the hotel by train from Aeroport Charles de Gaulle easily (40 mins) and quickly with our bags in tow. The hotel's location is between Opera Garnier and Montmarte on a quiet and safe street. The Metro is 50 steps away. It is near all the big department stores and has some nice cafes in the neighbourhood. The hotel's rooms are huge by European standards and some of the bathrooms (we were travelling with friends) are enormous by any standard. In the middle of summer - the air conditioning (remote controlled) was very efficient and QUIET! Their is also a small fridge in each room. The beds are great and cleaning staff keep the rooms immaculate. The buffet continental breakfast is quite nice and is not exhorbitantly priced compared to the cafes. The elevator is a wonderful relic that will hopefully stay in service for many more decades. Reception was friendly and efficient. There is also an internet computer available to guests (except during breakfast).The downside is that there are very limited views and limited service in the hotel. The halls are a bit musty and the TVs are small with only a dozen channels.If you came to Paris to enjoy getting out on the city and want a hotel offering great value (110 euros per room) and a sound sleep then this is it. You can spend your savings on great restaurants instead! By the way - try Deux Theatres - a five minute walk from Hotel Langlois.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incroyable!!! We loved this hotel... more than worth the money.               More photos  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Below expectations I went to this hotel based on the reviews on this site .I was very disappointed ,the whole hotel is very old and creepy .I couldnt sleep all night becasue of noise of neighbohring rooms and a terrible small and old bed.THis hotel might be cheap but you get what you pay for  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Value in Paris We stayed here as part of our honeymoon trip based on the reviews on trip advisor. What a great hotel. We had a wonderful room on the top floor with fantastic views of the Sacre Cour. Room was huge for a Paris city hotel, and the staff were most friendly. The location is excellent with all the major sites within comfortable walking distance. Good tip though, don't bother with breakfast as there is an excellent bakery right next door. We bought our food there and ate at our table in the room while looking over the rooftops of Paris. We will be returning!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>robbed
<Content>I agree! My family of 4 stayed at the Hotel Langlois for four nights. At first, I wasn't so sure about the neighborhood and being far from sites. But we weren't at all. We walked to everything, but took the subway back. The folks who work at the Langlois were very nice. We stayed in a suite that accomodated us well, but for the last night needed two seperate rooms since I made a mistake when I reserved. They did give us two rooms, moved our luggage for us, and gave us a very much coveted air-conditioned room! When I checked out and paid for our stay, I realized that they only charged us for the suite again for the last night! That saved a bit of money. I doubt that there is a better deal in Paris. In the neighborhood we picked up outstanding coissants for 1 euro. Breakfast for 1 euro? My children voted their stay in Paris the best of our 2 week adventure.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>herdingcats
<Content>Still nice after 15 years Once we stepped in my wife and I both immediately recognized the lobby, reception, and elevator as the same hotel we had stayed at fifteen years ago as poor students. The hotel has a new name and is under new management, but our stay was every bit as pleasant as the first time. The new management has obviously put some money into the hotel, including air conditioning and art work. The rooms are large, the bathrooms are also large, the owners and staff are very friendly, and the breakfast is a reasonably good deal for Paris. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel, lovely stay. Hotel Langlois is a Parisian gem. The staff was very helpful and kind, the room was tastefully appointed and relatively quiet (no street noise and minimal noise from other rooms). The location is perfect and the price moderate. The computer in the lobby with Internet access was a big help to us. The bathtub in our room was perfect for a long, hot bubble bath to sooth our travel-weary bodies.We also took advantage of what the surrounding neighborhood had to offer: the sandwich and pastry shops for breakfast and lunch, a self-service laundry just down the street, a corner sidewalk-cafe for sitting and watching the world rush past. With the metro, bus stop and taxi stand close by, we found this the hotel a convenient base from which to explore the city. AND it is within walking distance of shopping along Boulevard Hausmann: Printemps, the Galleries Lafayette and Marks  Spencer.Yes, the hotel has its imperfections, but they only add to the quaint charm of this Parisian experience. We were there to see Paris and when we returned to our room at the Hotel Langlois each night we slept very well indeed!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sparkley
<Content>Wonderfully romantic Hotel Langlios I booked Hotel langlois based solely on the previous reviews from Tripadvisor and I was not disappointed.The trip to Paris was a surprise for my husband for our first wedding anniversary. Hotel Langlois was perfect. I requested about 5 months in advance to have one of the rooms on the top floor and although they wouldn't guarantee it we did get one. The room had it's own balcony from which you coud see the Sacre Couer and we had our own little table for two in front of it. This was perfect for our Champagne breakfast on the morning of our anniversary. I reccommend having breakfast delivered to you room (no additional charge). The staff were friendly and helpful, the room was bigger than I expected for a city location. The hotel is very quaint, it has an old style lift with two doors (if you don't close it after you the lift won't go and pick anyone else up!)All in all, I have very high standards but I hate paying over the odds. I could not fault Hotel Langlois - fabulous hotel and incredibly good value. I will certainly be reccommending it to all my friends and I will definitely return myself.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CADreamin
<Content>Wonderful Find in Paris!!! After many weeks of searching through various opinion-based web sites, I booked the Hotel Langlois for a four night stay in May. What an absolutely charming little hotel!! Our room was on the fourth floor and furnished in the art deco style. The bathroom was almost as big as the bedroom and extremely well equipped. While our room was located at the back of the hotel, it was very quiet and had wonderful breezes coming through the three very large windows (which was nice because we were there during a mini-heat wave that Europe was experiencing). The staff was exceptionally friendly and most everyone spoke English. The breakfast, at first, seemed a little pricey; however, after checking out many of the local eateries, my husband declared that it was actually a pretty good deal. Hotel Langolis is located near the metro and rail stop which was a very big plus since we were traveling Europe by train. Would we recommend it to friends/family: YES! Would we stay there again? YES!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed our stay very much Stayed for 4 nights after seeing the review on Trip Advisor. We were very happy with the location. We were able to get around easily on the subway. A great way to get places in Paris! I loved using the Paris subway!! At first it seemed daunting but it took 1/2 day to learn it and we used it constantly. This hotel is also close to one of the main bus stops, St. Lazare. in Paris. The subway entrance is 1/2 block from the hotel. The hotel was built in 1879. the rooms were a bit older looking but were large, clean and very comfortable. Our bathroom had been recently remodeled and was very nice along with the staff. There were alot of nice restaurants close by. We were at first concerned because it was more northeast but we didn't really feel far away from anything. I would stay there again without a doubt!!!!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hawk0476
<Content>Great Little Hotel Great Location. Close to the Metro and close enought to most of the sites for those who prefer to see Paris from ground level ! - Louvre 20 mins, Place De Le Concord 15 mins. Staff very freindly could not do more to make our stay perfect. We stayed for Breakfast which at 09 euros was very good but if your prefer there are many good cafe's close by. From the airport get the Roissey bus, it drops you at the Opera which is 5-10 minutes walk. Room was very clean and tastefull furnished as was the hotel. This is not a chain hotel and thus may not appeal to all but if you are looking for a hotel that is a little bit of old France this is a great choice.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>co9222
<Content>Wonderful Hotel We have just returned from a weeks stay at the Hotel Langlois (July 15-22, 2005). It was a perfect hotel for us; a quiet neighborhood that became a sanctuary after the jam-packed sightseeing days, pleasant staff, very tastefully decorated common rooms with a wonderful little elevator, a comfortable bedroom with a quiet, remote-controlled air-conditioning unit, great thick towels in the bathroom, a view of Sacre Coeur, and even free internet access. The neighborhood provided all our needs--a quick half block to the Metro, two banks with ATM access within a half block, a post office a half block away, a little Brasserie for coffee and croissants in the morning (and even a decent dinner at night if you are too exhausted to return to the touristy areas) right next to the Metro entrance, a nice little patisserie, and only a few blocks from the renowned Galleries Lafayette Department Stores (foodies--you need to see the Galleries Lafayette Gourmet Foods department!) All in all, we were thrilled with this little hotel in the ninth arrondissement and will certainly return to it when we return to Paris.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Eponine
<Content>Good Value Hotel in Paris       Our Bedroom!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Langlois is a classic       Room 64  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BenoitChartier
<Content>Good deal, nice staff Room is very large by Paris standards, no luxury; just the essentials, can't beat the rates!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>babygame
<Content>Met Expectations - Good Staff Recommendations Stayed here July 1-3, 2005. Nice location (close to Trinity church) and excellent staff. Gave us great recommendations on nearby restaurant (Restaurant of 2 Theaters, just around corner, 32 Euros priced fixed for champagne, wine, and 3-course meal with many excellent choices), where to boat the Seine from (Eiffel Tower - we picked boat with shortest line), where to buy food (nearby convenience store), and how to get to CDG (Roussy bus at Opera). Only shortcomings - even with the fan - the room was hot! We had just missed a major heat wave in the City so I can only imagine what previous week was like (bad). We had view across alley of an office type building (room 32); luckily they were gone for rest of our stay. Also, on Sat. and Sun. the nearby Patissierie is closed. On Sunday, almost everything is closed so plan ahead. We didn't breakfast at the hotel, so cannot comment on that. Did smell the food cooking early in the morning!! Thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would go here again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OxfordGirlOxfordUK
<Content>Wonderful My husband and I stayed here following the reviews on here for our 15th wedding anniversary, it did not disappoint.We stayed in suite 34 as requested which was lovely.Hotel is well positioned, staff were lovely, there is a nice bakery just a few doors along, overall a lovely stay.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Romancinparis
<Content>Charming hotel, close to sights. My husband and I stayed at this hotel for four nights in the beginning of June and we had a great time. I would stay there again. This is a basic, friendly, clean hotel, perfect for a quick break. If you want more luxury you have to pay a higher price. Roissy Bus is best way to get from CDG to this hotel, pick up right outside airport and drop off a short walk from hotel for 8.50 euros single journey. The TA price is out of date we stayed in a basic room and it cost 96 euros probably not as good value as it used to be but we thought a fair price for what you get. The entrance is lovely and evocative of a traditional Parisian hotel yet has modern facilities, free Internet access was useful, the reception staff is very helpful, they booked restaurants by phone for us and helped advise best routes for our planned outings. Our room had a view of the back of buildings, which was very ugly, but then we did not go to Paris to spend our time in our room admiring the view. It had air con which was nice when it got hot and a mini fridge that we used to store drinks and snacks. We did not have the hotel breakfast as we thought it was quite expensive but bought snacks from the stalls around Trinite d Estenne d Orves (local metro stop) or did breakfast at a self serve caf茅 on Champs Elysees 4.90 euro.The metro is defiantly the way to travel around Paris we bought a 3-day Visite Pass and did so many trips. Louvre is the place to see, take the metro and get off at palais royal musee du louvre we found it the quickest way in less waiting in line than entrance over ground.For the romantics I can highly recommend a dinner cruise on the Bateaux Parisiens lovely food, live music, dancing under the lights of Eiffel Tower and beautiful scenery what more do you need.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>triptraveller
<Content>Memorable -appealing- place ! Hotel Langlois is a memorable place - evoking the experience of Parisian hotels of numbers of decades ago--except that now (and not then !), prviate baths are present.The small lobby, old evelvator, rooms with 'mixed decor' of furnishings, and tall shuttered windows overlooking the courtyard will remind some of their earlier times in Paris, and for others, offer the present-day experience, which one is glad still exists.In addition, the service is very good. Helpful - and patient- staff respond to requests for assistance/advice.One hopes that this hotel does not respond to the pressures of 'moderniation' and 'updates' that would essentially rob it of its appeal and charm.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jane22
<Content>Quaint and romantic!       suite 24 bedroom  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LindaAustralia
<Content>Are we talking about the same hotel??? I too recently stayed in Room #31 as part of an 8 week trip around the world and Hotel Langlois was the worst room hubby and I encountered. True, it was a large room with huge bathroom but the 'antique' furniture for us meant old and broken. One bedside table door and one cupboard door didn't open, the bed creaked terribly (as we know the floor does too) and was a double when we had been confirmed a queen. The 'log' style pillow was very uncomfortable. Acoustics where poor, we were asked to turn down the TV which we did not have up very high. Room was so hot we had to request a fan. There were no tea making facilities. As for the convenience of the metro a few steps away, we could hear the underground trains rumbling by all night! The room is certainly affordable and the staff are very helpful but I would not recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>calib
<Content>Great Value, Charm and ideal location       Basilique du Sacr茅-Coeur  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DH_Spore
<Content>Charming, good location and huge bathroom Stayed 6 nights at Hotel Langlois from 15 May to 21 May. Would highly recommend this charming hotel. Room #31 was spacious and bathroom huge. Deep bathtub with shower curtains. What was great was that toilet was in a separate room (with door) in the corner of the bathroom. Although room had no view, plus point was that it doesn't face the street and is quiet. We opened the windows at night and didn't have to use the fan which was a tad too strong.We viewed another room before settling for #31. The other room had a much smaller bathroom. Room #31 ws also kind of a stand alone unit and probably quieter as a result. At 96 euros, #31 is a steal for paris.Location was great. A few steps from Trinite Metro station. Ten minutes to most major attractions by metro. Area felt safe (I get scared quite easily :) ) and there were a number of cafes nearby. Galleries was a ten min walk away and gourmet section there for takeaway food is great.My husband and I don't speak french but had no problems with the hotel staff at the reception who all spoke English. I would strongly recommend this hotel!! The charm of the hotel definitely makes up for the creaky floor.  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>young_urbanite
<Content>Charming hotel with huge rooms My girlfriend  I stayed here for 4nights last December in a particularly bitter Paris winter. We booked the hotel through its own website and paid on our departure.Langlois is a small hotel, close to Gare St.Lazare. Though not immediately nearby any of the more touristy areas, we often walked to the Louvre and there is enough nearby to keep you going. I would recommend getting a tube to go eat but only for an evening meal, and only because many of Paris' best restaurants are off the beaten track (Try Willy's Wine Bar).We stayed in a second floor room (small lift isn't necessary except for the infirm) without no view. However the room was exceptionally large for the price, with grand antique furnishings and a large clean bathroom (superb deep bath!)The decor may not have been to everyone's taste (redgreen in our room, slightly baroque feel) but I enjoyed it since most cheap hotels have zip character.From memory we did get charged slightly more than the website quoted but given the large comfortable room, friendly service (helps if you have basic French) and reasonable location I doubt many people will leave unhappy.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bearinthefield
<Content>Let me join the chorus You will not find a better hotel in Paris for the money. We stayed in #31 for 104 Euros. It had a bathroom bigger than ours at home and was quiet, facing the inner courtyard. The floors do creak as others have said, but I will take that as a part of its character over a sterile Ibis or such. It was absolutely clean and the 12 ' ceilings with double french doors to the bathroom were charming. I expected Cary Grant to walk down the carpeted stairs in a dinner jacket or spring out of the tiny cage elevator.The staff was very friendly and helpful (offering us coffee and pastries in the front hall as we waited for our departure taxi, at no expense, and use of the e mail in the office as examples).For balance, the only downside I can find is that it is not a 10-15 minute walk to the major attractions as Notre Dame etc, but that is offset by its proximity to the metro stop, the CDG bus stop etc. Not all of the furniture in the room was old, antique type stuff.If you are looking for an older, affordable classic Paris hotel with style, this is it.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A gem...and very Parisian Okay, we got to Paris after a very long train ride from Amsterdam (a 4-hour-ride that became 7 hours when someone expire on the train), so at 3 a.m. we stumble into the Hotel Langlois. The guy on duty wasn't the friendliest guy in the world, but I think he could see that we weren't up for a lot of small talk...or he could have not spoken any English (who knows). All I could think was, Get me to my room.And our room at Hotel Langlois more than lived up to our hopes. It was furnished with lovely antiques. It had high ceilings. A small terrace. The bathroom was small, but clean and equipped with all the necessities (including a hair dryer). The bathtub was extra-deep. It was everything you hope a Parisian hotel would be, and for the money, it's a steal (but, shhhh, don't tell anyone).We option to not have the breakfast, although the cost is very comparable to anything else you'll find. Fortunately, there is a WONDERFUL pastry shop two doors down.It is in a great, not-too-touristy area of the city. We walked to the Louvre the first day, so you can do that or take the Metro which is a few yards away or a but which is right across the street. How convenient!While the service didn't improve much (the front desk wasn't English-friendly and my husband's French skills were not that helpful), we were very pleased with our stay and are recommending it to our friends and to you.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Price       Exterior of Hotel  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely, good value and well-located       Room 55  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Bargain This was my first time in Paris and althought I had no other hotels in Paris with which to compare Hotel Langlois, we found the hotel to be very nice. The room was sufficiently roomy and clean. More importantly, however, was the accommodating staff. The staff was very cordial and was always willing to assist us in navigating Paris. Location was excellent. About half a block from the Metro. Near several restaurants and near Prentemps and Galeries Lafayette, two major department stores. Paris is very expensive, primarily because of the present rate of exchange. Consequently, we purchased most of our dinners from local stores in the neighborhood. Further up Rue Saint Lazare are neighborhood stores where you can purchase cheese, wine, meats, bread and fruit. After a full day of sight seeing, we enjoyed buying a bottle of wine, some cheese, salami, fruit and bread and taking it back to the room for a relaxing evening meal. Near the hotel is a very popular bakery where you can purchase breads, prepared quiche and salads. The standard room at 96 Euros is a bargain. For a two-star hotel, I thought it was very nice.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Wolftrapper
<Content>A charming hotel in a terrific area. The Hotel Langlois is an excellent value. I just returned from staying 5 nights at this hotel. It is located on a quiet street in the 9th district within walking distance of many of the Paris sights. The Metro, city bus, eateries are all very close by and the Roissy Bus, to and from CDG airport, is only a short walk. The staff of the Langlois were all terrific, especially the three women that I met over the 6 days who worked at the front desk. There is a computer with free internet access for guests to use. Because of all the places to eat in Paris, I did not have breakfast at the hotel so I can not speak to that. Rooms were clean and very confortable and as I already said my room was very quiet. I had a room facing the courtyard and was able to keep the windows open whenever I was in the room. This is important to me since many hotels in Paris have rooms facing noisy, busy streets. Another nice feature of this hotel is that the rooms are not all the same. Each has its own style and features. I have stayed at other hotels in Paris, however, when I return the Hotel Langlois will be my first choice.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>zekid1
<Content>Very relaxing Had a large, comfortable room..Staff was very nice and accomodating. Had internet access in lounge. Outside to the right are some very good cheese shops. Convenient to the Metro and restaurants to the left.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>High expectations; serious disappointment. After much research (Trip Advisor  every other source we could find) we were thrilled to be able to book three nights for our family of four at the Hotel Langlois. The chance to stay at the #4 rated hotel in all of Paris for a very reasonable price seemed like a wonderful opportunity. We were assigned to the attic apartment where we found our room to be nothing close to the photos and/or room descriptions on the internet. The Hotel Langlois website speaks of Ecole de Nancy furniture  crafted mahogany and sycamore headboards ... Our double bed was a portable bed w/ no headboard, sitting about 6 inches off the ground. I don't believe Ecole de Nancy furniture includes the wicker and particle board pieces in our room. Paint was peeling off the walls in several places. The space had great potential. - It was good-sized (the reason they told us we were placed there). There was a small kitchen. The bathroom was nice. And there was an incredible view of Sacre-Coeur. But it was as though the room was an afterthought. - A place for families when everything else was occupied. Certainly not representative of what I would expect from the #4 hotel in Paris. I would suggest that Hotel Langlois paint  furnish the attic so that it measures up to the rest of their facility. A little work and a small investment would make that space a highlight of a Paris vacation instead of a source of disgust and disappointment.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SheckyFromLawrence
<Content>A Charming Hotel My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Langlois, and absolutely loved it. The room, and especially the bathroom were huge by Paris standards, and everything was very clean. We stayed in room 11 which faced the courtyard, but we didn't mind the lack of a view. In fact, since the room tended to be a bit warm at night, we opened the windows and heard not a peep. The front desk staff was very helpful, although I suspect that they wouldn't have been as helpful if I hadn't spoken (admittedly bad) French. The location was great, just 50m from Trinit茅 metro station. We would certainly return to this hotel in the future.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming hotel with central location         
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceeds expectations - great value/location My wife and I stayed for a week in March in this lovely hotel which has much more than what we expected for a two-star hotel and its rates: - Location: Trinit茅 Metro station is on the corner, 50m away from the hotel. 5-minute walk to Opera and maybe 10-15' to Place Concorde. Lovely area, convenience stores, patisseries and restaurants all close-by.- Room: good size, lovely decoration, it even had a mini-bar! good size bathroom by European standards. Very romantic too.- Service: friendly staff, no complaints whatsoever.The hotel has a computer on the lobby for e-mail and Internet browsing, completely free for all guests. Amazing.I highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay there again on my next visit to Paris.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wimpiot
<Content>romantic after 5 stays in this hotel and a few stays in other hotels in Paris i know this is the best for the price. Last WE we did not have the best room (14) but 98 鈧?is not so much for this place. We will return !!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gcollins
<Content>Perfect hotel We just returned from 7 nights at this hotel in room 31 which had a double bed and a large bathroom. We had a twin bed added since there were 3 of us. The room was quiet and ample. There was no view, but that was okay. Breakfast was 9 euros which is better than in a restaurant for the food you get, but much easier to walk outside the hotel to the little patisserie close by and get a croissant and orange juice. Good place for lunch! The Trinite metro stop is the nearest one. Being in the 9th makes it a quieter hotel than most, but still convenient to attractions if you use the metro. The staff at the front desk understood English very well. The drinks in the refrigerator in the room are reasonably priced which is unusual for a hotel. I would definitely stay here again. There is computer access in the breakfast room as well. The cost for the room was 110 euros. There was no additional charge for the extra bed/person.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>PETER46Belgium
<Content>cheap lodging in central Paris Just back from a one night stay at hotel Langois. Good quality for your money in the center of Paris. 5 min walk to the main shopping area. 100 m. to the metro. For me 3 stars instead of 2!I'll upgrate it if we can have air-conditioning in the room. Very warm. Luckely we had a room at the backsite of the hotel with no streetnoise and could open a window. Seems that all rooms will have airco in july.So if you just need a nice bed and a bathroom in the 9th arr. of Paris it's the place to be. BUT ask for a room with airco if you visit the hotel in summer!!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lasscass
<Content>Large rooms and fabulous views.... If you get one of the top 2 floors, that is. I had high expectations of this hotel, and for the most part those expectations were met, but I had to do some negotiating first, which displeased me. I made my reservation two months in advance, and specifically asked for a street facing room, on one of their higher floors, but apon check in was given room 32, (3rd floor up out of 7 floors) and it was facing a courtyard which was not only dreary but a tad creepy due to the fact that it seems to be some sort of office building and is deserted totally at night. And I adore and require fresh air, and apon thrusting open the windows I noticed that just to the right of the window is pideon central and a TON of guano (pidgeon poo)...so I kept my window shut. But I must say that I immediatly went down to reception and kindly reminded the very nice young lady that my reservation was for a street view room and she told me that they are not able to make an guarantees, and that for today she could not place me in a street view, so I inquired about tommorow and she said they could place me in a street room then, so I was fine with that. And indeed the next day they did infact transfer me into a new room, which was FABULOUS! Room #64 with a beautiful window and railing that looked out far above the buildings across the street and had a fabulous full on view of Sacre Coeur, which is lit up at night. I noticed a fellow lodger posted a few photos, including the view from the room of #63, which was the third window to my left, so I had a clearer view of Sacre Coeur than they did, just for your reference. The bathroom had a great opening window too. There was a nice seating area, which consisted of a table and two chairs. There was also another chair by the heater. The view and fresh air from the window was so nice that a few nights I opted to dine in so to speak, and brought home a hot quiche from a patisserie, and some cheese, wine and various snacks. I really enjoyed staying in room #64. The housekeeping staff were very nice and the reception staff was very nice too, but even with using quite a bit of limited french, there really was a huge communication gap. ( I did order breakfast in my room, over the phone, entirely in french, though lousy, which the lady understood perfectly) but idealy if you spoke fluent french, this is the best. I opted not to ask for directions or help in locating things in town because I knew how difficult it would be for us to understand one another. All in all though, a very pleasant stay, and the staff is willing to accomodate your desires, if you are able to make yourself understood. I highly recommend having your breakfast delivered to your room, and enjoying your view and coffee. A delight! Oh, one other note...the elevator has one large iron door one opens first, and then a pair of wood and rattan inner doors, which can be held open by attaching them to little grabber hooks inside the elevator...anyway, apon exiting the elevator, if you fail to unhook these two inner doors, and just shut the outer iron door, and walk away....the elevator stays on that floor. Forever. Or, untill someone comes along and closes the doors or uses the elevator from that floor. So I did have to walk up 7 flights of stairs TWICE in one day because someone had forgotten to close the doors. The staff never told me about this or that I should pay attention to be sure to close the doors each time I rode the elevator, so I think this is something they should really stress to the guests. A terribly sweet elevator though!! An old Otis sweetie that just goes silently up and down all day. Wooden and tiny. Oh, one more thing...the wooden floors in the rooms are so darn squeeky!! In the first room, #32 it was sooooo bad I felt guilty walking around at all, just knowing how awful it must sound below. But my second room only had one or two spots which were easy to avoid. I'd definately stay at this hotel again only next time I plan on renting an apartment. Have fun, folks!!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>vacationhappy
<Content>Great hotel! We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights at the end of February and had a great time. We had a room with a HUGE bathroom and lovely decor, it was on the third floor. The best part was waking up each morning about 5AM to the smell of fresh baked goods. The breakfast was really wonderful and worth the extra $$ as it is right there. We also found that since it was freezing when we were there, we could take a taxi or the metro back for a very reasonable price. We would stay there again!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rmvUk
<Content>great hotel I would highly recommend this hotel, it is in a great area, the rooms are very big and clean. The value for money of this hotel is fantastic. Could not fault it  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location  Hotel Langlois would have received 5 stars from me if It hadn't been for the fact that we asked to change room. I booked a twin room 7 months in advance of my visit to Paris with my mother for her 75th Birthday  specifically asked for a room with a view. When we arrived we were given a twin room that looked out to a wall and was a bit dingy. Decor was ok, but I was pretty disappointed after reading the rave reviews on tripadvisor and having booked so early with my specific request. The bathroom of the twin room (room 32) was very small and you could quite clearly hear someone splashing around in the bath in the next room.When I asked for an alternative room, the receptionist was very helpful and showed me a number of rooms. There was a small private apartment on the 7th floor with great views, but all modern furniture. Another room had the same view as our twin room but had a double bed  was a bit brighter, but eventually I was shown what I think must have been a suite and that's where we stayed for 3 nights in art nouveau splendour. I was so glad that I had asked to be moved because it made such a difference to our holiday. We had an ornate carved double bed, huge bathroom hidden behind what looked like a cupboard door and our own sitting area. (room 44)Breakfast at 鈧? each for continental seemed a bit steep, so we went to the bakery a few doors away for breakfast for 2 people at 鈧?. Fab, safe location - easy to walk to sacre coeur, opera, boulevard Haussman. Good access to metro  RER stations.I'd gladly stay at the Langlois again, but would specify a room number if possible and even be willing to pay the extra supplement to guarantee a bigger room.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Brilliant, clean and comfortable hotel in a great location. Will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>timtomp
<Content>If you Dream of a Paris Hotel This Is It       Quiet 63 Saint Lazare at Night  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>szlwzl
<Content>Great Hotel       The room  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Goodiam
<Content>What a fabulous hotel I stayed here in August 2004. I picked this hotel due to the reviews and was not disappointed. The location is excellent and the rooms were larger than I could have ever expected from a ** hotel. It was quaint, friendly staff and even though it was a hot summer, the rooms were cool. Paris is an expensive city so stay here and spend your money down the Champs Elysee! All the positive comments about this hotel are true - it is a fantastic find!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kmstraveller
<Content>Not bad, good value I stayed here with my wife over a weekend and overall I was pleased. On the plus side the hotel is in a great location. It's close to the RER, Saint Lazare line (just down the street) and it's right around the corner from the Metro 12 line, Trinity station. There are some cafe's around the place to buy a cheap (relatively speaking) breakfast and it's in a good, quiet area. I like the decor and the rooms and bathrooms were adequate in size. On the negative side, I'd have to say that I was disappointed with thickness of the walls and floors. I could hear people walking around upstairs, conversations in other rooms and out in the hallways as well as running water in the bathroom beside us. They cleaned our rooms every day but they didn't replace the towels which in the end isn't so bad but may bother others. Overall, I think I'd stay here again. I thought the price was reasonable at 96 euro per night.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CThomson
<Content>Fantastic atmosphere. We've just spent 2 nights at the Hotel Langlois. We stayed in room 41 which had a very large bathroom and over looked the courtyard at the back. The room was large too, particulary for Paris, and was warm if not a bit too warm! We took the Eurostar to Gard du Nord and the hotel was just 1 stop along on the ERE. The metro was just 2 minutes walk away. Would recommend it to anyone staying in Paris.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hksp26
<Content>Biggest and maybe even the best in Paris We've stayed here on a few occasions while in Paris and have always been very pleased. I have never stayed in a bigger room in Paris, nor perhaps in Europe, for that matter. This place allows you to actually move around instead of shimmying sideways to get from one side of the room to the other. The bathrooms and large and spacious too. There is a lift and though small, it does the trick. Unfortunately, and probably because it has grown so popular, it has gone up in price from when we paid around 79 euros with breakfast last year to this year where we most recently paid 96 euros with no breakfast. Still, for under 100 euro it is an amazing deal for Paris. You can walk to the Opera and the shopping streets easily and if there is anything out of your reach, the hotel is just around the corner from a metro stop, making gettting around very easy. This hotel will be the spice of your vacation.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable, Good value, Central My wife and I stayed for 4 nights from Jan 23rd based on the comments we had previously read on this site and we were not disappointed. We were in room 62 which was a good size, clean and had a comfortable bed. The room had a couple of interesting old features such as carved wooden posts surrounding a small window bay with a table and chairs. There was also an unusual tiled fireplace. The hotel is good value and central - 10 mins easy walk to the Opera and 20-25 mins to the Louvre. The Metro is only 100 metres away so linking to anywhere in the city is easy and quick. Lots of restaurants within 10 -15 mins walk towards Opera. The Patisserie 50 metres along the road is brilliant with lots of delicious cakes etc. We will certainly book in again when we return to Paris.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good deal I work for a major airline and have stayed at more than a few european hotels. This hotel was really a good deal. Nothing fancy, but very clean,very quiet, and a certain amount of charm. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location is good for airport transfer, and a healthy, but pleasant walk to the Eiffel Tower.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ozzie_in_Ireland
<Content>Close to everything We stayed at the Hotel Langlois last week for 3 nights on a holiday visit.There were 7 in our party. My husband and I stayed in a double room, while my brother, his wife and their 3 children stayed in a suite which was very reasonably priced for so central a hotel. I had had a lot of trouble finding a budget hotel in central Paris that could accommodate my brother's family in one room, so after much searching on the web was delighted to see the reviews for the Hotel Langlois on this web site and took the chance of booking.We were all very happy with the hotel. It is perfectly situated for sight-seeing, and was within walking distance of the Louvre, Opera, Palais Royale, large department stores, the Roissy Bus, L'Open Tour Bus and Metro. There were a good number of restaurants (French and ethnic) nearby, though I would recommend trying to go further afield if you have a smaller party than ours, as we had difficulty finding any interesting or particularly French culinary treats close by apart from the cake shop next to the hotel and the creperie booth opposite the Trinity church. But the French restaurants nearby did offer good size portions of standard 'pub' fare and were helpful in regard to children's meals.The hotel itself was very clean, the breakfast buffet was fresh and there was plenty of it, and the hotel has obviously gone through a recent refurbishment. There are also many pleasing period features retained throughout the building. Our only complaint was that the rooms were very warm at night. But the weather was unseasonably mild during our stay, so the heating system may not have been able to adjust.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay The price was right, and the room was very good. We had a bath room bigger than many of the rooms you will get in Paris. The bath tub was the bomb. The Bed itself was a bit rough on the back, but this was a small price to pay. Breakfast is definately worth doing. I'd stay again.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ktinak
<Content>Good location and decent price! I made my reservation at the hotel based on the reviews I read here on TripAdvisor. We stayed one night during the month of November. The hotel is in a good location for getting to many sights in Paris. We were within a short taxi ride to the Louvre, which was our main destination. The interior of the hotel was quaint and the room was fine, but not fantastic. For the price it was well worth it!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>janetgt12
<Content>Perfect play to stay We chose the hotel based on trip advisor reviews and were thrilled with the result. The room was spacious and well decorated. The staff was very friendly and even let us use their internet. The hotel is also very close to the Metro and lots of restaurants. I would definitely recommend staying at the Hotel Langlois!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ncp79
<Content>Absolutely loved this hotel            
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vendepac
<Content>lovely Langlois.....       Hotel Langlois at Night  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab hotel, friendly staff We stayed two nights in room 41. This room has a huge bathroom and a very comfy bed. The room is at the back of the hotel and quiet with no view, not a problem for us though.Loved the lift, although as my husband got a pedometer for Christmas, had to use the stairs.The staff were friendly, and were happy to hold our suitcases after checkout until our train left. This was our third time in Paris, and we will definitely stay in this charming hotel again. Last year, for our honeymoon we paid twice as much for a room with far less space and character.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chee
<Content>Hotel Langlois " A wonderful find " We stayed at the Hotel Langlois on Dec. 24, 2004 for one night. We picked this hotel based on the reviews from trip advisor and we were not dissappointed. We stayed in a suite on the second floor facing the street and it was not noisy. The room and bathroom were large with very high ceilings and very clean. Also the bathroom had great water pressure and plenty of hot water. The only reason I didn't give this hotel 5 stars is because I'm very picky and felt the room could have used a fresh coat of paint by American standards but it added to its old world charm. Also the double bed seem to be the size of a full not a queen. My husband is 6'3 and I'm 5'7 but it made us have to snuggle. The staff was very friendly and informative. This hotel was close to everything by metro which was literally at the end of the block. I enjoyed the neighborhood with many restaurants and the Laffayette Mall. The Best thing was the bill...soooooo cheap for Paris....maybe I should have given it 5 stars!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Terry
<Content>Fantastic hotel and staff We just returned from a week (Christmas to New Years) at the Hotel Langlois. It was great. My mother had room 11 and both the bedroom and bath were huge - she was in heaven. My husband and I had room 22 and the bathroom was typical of a European bathroom and the bedroom was larger than others in more expensive hotels. The staff at the hotel were awesome - they could not do enough to help us out including standing outside for 15 minutes on New Year's Eve to make sure our cab came. The location was perfect - the area was quiet and charming with a great metro close by. We would definitely stay here again whemn we return to Paris. Many thanks for those who recommended the Ciel de Paris for New Year's Eve - what an incredible unforgettable experience  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>M0g
<Content>A Moveable Feast The well-travelled writer Ernest Hemingway once complimented Paris as being a moveable feast. Well, so is this hotel, for which we're indebted to this website and to those who've made such useful contributions to it. It's so helpful to have current opinions, even negative ones. Thus we weren't expecting a synthetically swish corporate hotel with robotic if multilingual staff. Just a small clean un-fussy well-run French establishment which offered value for money as well as some distinctively individual character. And that is exactly what we got. Room 15's bedroom and bathroom are both spacious and high-ceilinged and there's even an ante-room. Furniture and furnishings are suggestive of the building's history, but don't expect them to be pristine fresh - this is a deservedly popular hotel. There are no spectacular views from this first floor but you do overlook that section of the rue St Lazare, which is tucked away behind the Trinite Metro and is therefore relatively quiet and particularly so at night. The hotel's geographical convenience is well-documented on the website. And yes there are the usual suspects. The communal breakfast room on the ground floor is a bit of a squeeze. The buffet breakfast, though good value, is modest and mainly carbohydrate; that it's available for some four hours every morning allows for some flexibility about when you choose to eat but it does seem taxing for the one person who runs it. The central heating system works effectively if somewhat mysteriously so that when it was freezing or below outside we were always comfortable but the lack of air-conditioning would be an important consideration in summer. The management is, thankfully for us, very low-key; the reception staff handle things undemonstratively, pleasantly and competently; and with some geniality and tolerance if you try a few words of French. In our view the hotel entirely deserves its current high-rating. We very much hope it continues to maintain this standard and that that is monitored through subsequent reports on the Trip Advisor website. Enjoy the feast!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UK-James
<Content>Great for not making your hols feel like a business trip I thought I might add my voice to the many reporting here...The hotel was great with the foyer and very cool lift setting the mood.The room (64) was clean (apart from the mysterious but inoffensive appearance of an empty wrapper marked Trojan) and had a great view of the Sacre Coeur over the rooftops. The furniture was warm (in feeling, not temperature although that was fine). The staff was helpful and patient with my French. We didn't try the television / look in the minibar since there was no shortage of entertainment or bars even in a very wet and windy December Paris. We didn't try the breakfast either as there's no shortage of cafes to find a coffee and a croissant.Since I travel relatively frequently with business, I find it difficult to drop into holiday (vacation) mode in the sort of identi-room seen in most cities in most countries, and when I'm off for a long weekend with my fiancee we don't need a pool on site, great conference facilities and 2,134 channels of TV to alleviate the boredom of a soulless cell. This place was the perfect antidote.I gather the previous reviewer's successors in room 63 (or 62) also enjoyed their stay from the faintly audible expressions of pleasure (ahem), but other than that and some gently gurgling plumbing, the place was quiet. Obviously the place has a certain mood to it...Hausman is very close so perfect for shoppers, but everywhere is walkable and the metro is less than two minutes away.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Idris_t_dragon
<Content>A lovely stay Many thanks to the writers of previous good reviews - we agree completely and are glad we didn't let the few negative reviews put us off.The location's ideal and it's an easy walk to most of the right bank sights. Room 63 has beautiful, if somewhat creaky, furniture and great views. Room 62's even nicer, though the views aren't as good. The staff were excellent, perfectly friendly and speak superb French! The soundproofing and heating are good, the shower/bath never ran cold - the only negative I can think of is that the fruit at breakfast is still from a tin.We've stayed at several hotels in Paris - this is the first we'd want to return to - and we will!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Onedream
<Content>Reccomended Very good value for money. Nice, clean and very quiet rooms.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel for the Price Nice Hotel for the price, but can't believe it is a top 5 hotel in Paris. Staff were helpful but the maids did not speak English (we asked the desk clerk to translate and they were friendly). Our room had very squeeky floors and we could hear the people in the room next to us. This was a quaint hotel if your'e looking for the old Parisian feel. If you want a hot shower, shower at night. The patisserie near the hotel was great and it is 20 feet from the Metro stop and cash machine equally close. There are restaurants nearby. We liked Trinite Kebab, a small family-run diner type, the owner was extremely friendly and welcoming, and the prices were reasonable. The building was convereted into a hotel recently and is small (no workout room or formal dining room, although they do have a breakfast room). This was a cute hotel but not modern. Overall, a nice place to stay.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dan504
<Content>Nice hotel, but not love at first sight. We read all of the reviews on this website before visiting this hotel a few weeks ago. We opted to upgrade our room to one with a larger bathroom based on recommendations of other users. This was our first trip to Paris, but our bathroom was very small and I was a bit surprised by this. Not worth the upgrade! Anyway, the view was amazing from the fifth floor (room 55) and the hotel certainly was charming. The location is great but we only discovered how close we were to incredible nightlife during the last day of our visit (our fault I guess). Less than two blocks away, across from the Trinity Church, is an amazing little bakery that has fantastic pressed sandwiches on baguettes. We picked up sandwiches before heading to Versailles and ate them on a bench just outside. The room itself was very dated, but completely clean. The television only really worked when it felt like it, but I guess you don't go to Paris to watch TV! It is a very noisy hotel, but we didn't really experience too many problems at night. The elevator is only big enough for two at the most, so we had to load all of our bags and walk up to the fifth floor, then unload. The staff is not very friendly, and I really did try to speak French with them (maybe it's my fault)! It sounds like I am complaining a lot here, but we really were satisfied with our stay. We had a fantastic vacation and I have no serious complaints. I think on our next trip to Paris, we'll try somewhere else. This one is a mixed bag -- if you want to be very comfortable, you may want to consider staying elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good alternative to big international hotels This is a very good alternative to a big (expensive) hotel. We stayed for four enjoyable nights in November 2004. You need to remember that it is a small boutique type hotel, but with that in mind and making allowances for the loss of facilities (no dining room etc), I can thoroughly recommend it. We had a good sized suite for 鈧?32 per night which is an absolute bargain. The breakfast was good and reasonable value at 鈧?. The staff were pleasant and helpful. The metro is nearby and you are handy for the Roissy Bus Stop to and from the airport. There are plenty of shops nearby and bars and restaurants are convenient.The drawbacks: the plumbing is antiquated and made quite a bit of noise, especially one night as we were trying to sleep. There is no air-conditioning so it might be hot in summer. The central heating was quite fierce as well and with the mild weather we were too hot most of the time. Nevertheless I think that this is a good choice for the money and although I do like luxury hotels I feel that this is an excellent compromise.Remember to try to speak a little French if you can, it will help!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great views from this 1920's style hotel My wife and I recently stayed here for a long w-e. We stayed in Room 63 on the 6th Floor which had a fantastic view of Sacre Coeur / Monmatre. The room was very comfy and spacious and almost like staying in a Poirot / Miss Marple era! Our one criticism was that the bathroom was very small.Breakfast was great and the staff were.....well French, need I say more! The metro is 30 seconds away and links down to Concorde and hence it is easy to get anywhere on their super efficient metro. There are limited good restaurants in the Trintee area, so make sure you book if you want to go to one of the ones recommended by the hotel. We had two very good meals in the delightful area near the St.Germain market (Odeon metro stop), which is only 20 mins away on the metro.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location and decent room We stayed at Hotel Langlois for 4 nights (18-22 Nov) and had room 62. The room was very clean and charming. Having said that we did experience not having enough hot water in the morning for showers and the room was not soundproof. We could hear all kinds of noises (i.e. elevator door opening/closing, footsteps in hallway, flushing of toilets, etc..) that prevented us from getting a good night sleep except on the last night when there were not alot of guests on the 6th floor.The receptionist recommeded a couple of great little restaurants in the area. Le Bistro Des Deux Theatres on 18 rue Blanche is an excellent restaurant that serves French food with a fixed menu of 32 Euro/person for a 3-course meal including coffee and a bottle of wine. Fuxi (sp?) is an Italian restaurant about 8-10 mins walk from the hotel and has very good Italian dishes. The price is very reasonable and the menu is la carte. We ordered off of the blackboard and was very pleased with our food.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Miss_Kelly
<Content>not as good as I expected After reading the reviews on this website it is very difficult to feel anything but slight disappointment when you actually get to the langlois. The superior room that i booked with the price of 99 rather than normal 89 was quite average. Yes the decor is similar to the website photos with plush red carpet and nice furniture but the room isnt particularly big and the bathroom TINY. The tiniest bathroom I had ever been in and this was the superior room! This annoyed me quite a bit considering the large bathroom pictured on the website is big enough to hold a party in. The bathroom door was see-through with no lock. On the plus side there is a mini-bar which is handy for storing drinks/snacks of your own. I found the reception staff pretty average. The room wasnt that noisy in general. The first night i didnt sleep due to a noisy rattling window but overall i couldnt hear noise from other rooms. I agree with the last reviewer in that the metro is literally a 30 second walk away but then again there are so many stops on metro that other hotels are probably just as close so i wouldnt pick the hotel for this alone. I stayed in room 64 by the way. My overall advice would be dont bother with the 'superior room' save your ten euro night. Im beginning to think the large bathroom is only in suites? OK 50 night is not bad for paris but in some places that would include a ten euro's worth breakfast so is it really that good value?;o)  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing room but great location Having found this hotel on the tripadvisor website I booked 3 months in advance and asked for one of the nicer more expensive rooms at the top of the hotel with a view as it was to be a birthday treat for my partner. Everything was great; location, cost, breakfast, lovely little lift, friendly staff (hostess a little aloof however), cleanliness of room etc. but the room itself did not live up to the hotel's website pictures or the descriptions on this website. Maybe we were unlucky with room 53 but it was dull and uninspiring particularly given my advance request for something special. I felt I may have been penalised for admonishing whoever took my booking back in July for sending my creditcard details back and forth in an unsecure email. Good value however for a very central location.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jjmb
<Content>great place I have traveled all over Europe, and I must say this is the best place my family and I have stayed at. The rooms are good size for European standards and very clean. The location is great, right next to a Metro stop and walking distance from the Louve. Do not listen to the other reviews about the staff being rude. The staff could not have been more polite. They were willing to bend over backwards to make any accomidations. They booked dinner reservations, gave advice on sights, directions, helped with the Metro and train tickets, and even reserved a taxi a day prior to our departure to the airport. They were even willing to make coffee for us any time of the day. If you are thinking of staying at this hotel...DO NOT HESITATE, BOOK NOW!!! I will definately be staying here again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We (two American photojournalists) stayed here for a four nights in mid-October while in Paris and loved the quaintness of the hotel. The rooms were decorated with antique furnishings and the bathroom (in room #11) was very charming. As a photographer, I found I just had to take several close still photographs of the charming bath faucet on the antique pedestal sink. That photograph will find its way onto one of the walls of my home outside Philadelphia and each time I pass it I will smile and remember my Paris experience. Room #15 was even better.I found that many on the staff were not completely comfortable speaking English, but who cares. Part of the charm of going to another country is trying to completely immerse yourself into the culture of the country and so, actually using my high school French was a good thing to do. I'd advise anyone visiting France to study a little French. That, and a smile, really works wonders in communicating anything from directions to menu items. And take a good dictionary.I'd stay at Hotel Langlois again and again and again. It allowed me to spend many more Euros on food, which is much more expensive. Terrific experience!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kristez
<Content>Great Stay, Great Place, Great Price Another wonderful stay from a hotel I chose blindly from trip advisor. This hotel is very European and cute, it is located on a semi-quiet street close to the Mulan Rouge and only one block to the nearest Metro station.The rooms were decorated well, we were lucky to see two of them as they has missed booked us one night and gave us an extra room for free. They have antique decorations, comfortable beds, and some with balcony's onto the street. There are many nice streets surrounding that you can cruise through during the day, cute boutique shops and restaurants mostly. If you enjoy walking, the Sacre Couer and Monte Martre is very close as well, maybe a 20 minute walk or so.Book early, we booked over a month in advance and could only get four of our six nights there. When we moved hotel to a higher rating (3 star) and payed literally double, the 3 star hotel was horrible! All in all, a very nice place at an incredible rate. I will definately stay here my next time in Paris.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Breakfast, Convenient Location I stayed here with my husband for our honeymoon in September, 2004. The hotel is in an excellent location. The area feels safe and it's close to a subway station. We would wake up to amazing aroma of fresh baked goods each morning. Our room was generously big and it was facing a side street so it was very quiet. The breakfast at the hotel cost about 8 euros but my husband and I agree that it was one of the best we had in Paris. Fresh baked croissants, cheese, olives, cereals and all you can drink good coffee. The only thing to note is that their elevator and restrooms are very small. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Kidney20A
<Content>A pure Gem Great hotel and wonderful staff. Add to this a perfect location and low price (89-90 E) and you have a place I will come to again and again. Book early only has about 30 room, try to get a room that ends in the same number i.e. 11,22,33 ect super large room about 500 SQ. for the bed room and 200 Sq. for the bathroom, Plus geart breakfast and most of all get out and explore the wonderful area. A short walk to the best shops and sights. THIS PLACE IS A WINNER.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value Hard to imagine better value for the money. The room was clean, the location great, the staff courteous (although sometimes a bit flustered). If you want great value, stay here. If you want a hotel where the staff grovel at your feet and lick your boots, then stay somewhere else and pay much more. A note for critics of the staff ...a few thoughtful words in French will pay substantial dividends in terms of service.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved our stay We stayed at the hotel in early September and found it was everything we would have wanted. We were in room #31 and the room was very large, a huge bathroom, it looked out into a courtyard, windows that opened, and all of the conveniences re: hairdryer, etc..Breakfast for Paris was very good with 3 different types of buns/croissants and 8 types of jam with cheese as well as olives and orange juice.Contrary to some notices we found the staff more than helpful and accommodating and they kept all of our luggage for us in their small behind the desk room until we left at 1830h. We will recommend this hotel to our friends and would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bopeltzman
<Content>Excellent value! If you want to be in the middle of the action, you may want to stay elsewhere (and pay a lot more); this hotel is a few blocks north-east of the l'Opera. I thought it was great; you get a real neighborhood feel and it was 1/2 block from the line 12 Metro. If you are going to be there for a week (like we were) take a small picture with you and get a Carte O'range at the station and you can ride anywhere in the city for about 20 Euros/week/person. We also had a large room with a very large bathroom. We skipped the breakfast and I went around the corner to the market for orange juice, yogurt (they must have 40+ different kinds) and apples and bananas for lunch snack, then to the patisserie (3 within a block) for fresh croisonts and a variety of quiches (which they will warm for you) and we ate in our room, overlooking the Paris roof tops, for $3 Euros./each. The small frig. will hold Coke, OJ, bottled water, wine, etc. The TV gets BBC and CNN. I agree that the owner is not overly friendly. She will only speak English if she has to but we only saw her one time (check in). The rest of the staff was friendly; we even stored a suitcase with them at no charge while we tooled off to the South of France for a week. There is no A/C (they give you a large floor fan); we were there in September with cool temperatures so we didn't need either. Would stay there again in a minute!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bigmac40
<Content>Rude staff Good size rooms in a nice part of paris. The staff could not have been more unfriendly. If you were to ask them a question you would get a nasty look and short answer. Do your homework and call ahead and talk to the staff in advance!!!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great value hotel We stayed at the Hotel Langlois for a few nights in September on the recommendations in this forum. I was really pleased with our choice. Our room was 鈧?9 per night and was huge, with a massive bathroom. The hotel is so charming, and I loved the old-fashioned parisian style but if you prefer more modern surroundings it might not be to your taste. However, the rooms have modern electronic key-card locks, tv, mini-bar, hairdryer, phone etc so it has all the comforts you would expect. The rooms were quiet apart from the creaky floorboards which could be annoying, especially if you had kids running around on them. The breakfast is good value (鈧?.20) if you are happy with the continental style of tea, coffee, cornflakes, juice, croissants etc. There is no extra charge for having it brought to your room which is great  there is plenty of bread  croissants in one breakfast. One of the local cafes had a breakfast of tea/coffee, orange juice  croissant for 鈧?.50 so the hotel prices seem reasonable in comparison.The location is v. handy for the metro (~1 min walk) and for the shops :) Gallerie Lafeyette  Printemps are 5/10 mins away. We found the staff to be very polite  helpful with booking restaurants etc, and I would definitely go back to stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>writeink
<Content>Getting Big Heads They have the trip advisor reviews and rating taped to their front doors. When I stayed there, I did not feel welcome. I am a solo traveler and I mostly keep to myself. The lady was so unapproachable. Reception rarely smiles and only speaks when absolutely necessary. You get the feeling that they are inconvenienced by having to run the hotel. I stayed there for 6 nights and in the Latin District for 3 nights. The hotel in the Latin District wasn't as clean but I would go back to that hotel just because the friendly staff and the character of the area.The best thing about this hotel is the price, the size of the rooms (big for Paris) and the furnishings which are charming. The staff needs to retire or hire some fresh faces who like what they do. The night staff was very good but it was probably because they were scared of the daytime reception.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel Hotel Lanlois is a comfortable, reasonably priced hotel in a good location near metro stop Trinitee. The rooms are clean, and ours (#31) was large and quiet. The rooms facing the street are probably noisier. The breakfast was good, but one can probably do a little better on your own. There is a patissere between the hotel and the metro. We would recommed this hotel and will stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Hotel My husband and I have just returned from our first trip to Paris. We booked this hotel after reading some of the excellent reviews on Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed the hotel was everything we had hoped for and more. The room was nicely furnished clean and spacious and could not be faulted. Breakfast was great and the staff were very pleasant and helpful. The hotel is in a great location 2 minutes from Trinite Metro station and 5 minutes walk from Gallary Lafayette. We would recommend using the open top tour bus it was excellent value at 22 euro per person for 2 days and you could hop on and off as you pleased. We would definately go back to Hotel Langlois and would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It What a great little hotel. Very French - family run. Beautiful interior and while a little worn, the rooms were stylish. We stayed 2 nights and had a room at the back overlooking the courtyard which made it very quiet - although the street on which the hotel sits is relatively quiet too. Only disturbance was from an American couple who were having a bit of a row. I don't know what Diane did but her partner was annoyed!!Hotel is well located also within a 2 mins walk of a metro stop and less than 10 mins from the main shopping district (Printemps etc)  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very good but be aware Just got back from a 3 night stay after reading the reviews on this site. The hotel is very central and very clean but when booking it may be an idea to request a room on a higher floor or not facing the road - we were in room 14 which was very noisy and very hot ! Fortunately there was a large portable fan in the room which stayed on all night.Breakfast was disappointing - we weren't expecting a lot and that's what we got.If your idea of variety is the number of different jams then it's fine, but we thought 8.20euros was steep for cornflakes / mini pastries and bread rolls.If (like us) you're Easyjetting from Liverpool to Charles-de-Gaulle,save yourself some grief by catching the Roissybus which stops right outside Terminal 3 - it costs around 8 euros one way and stops at the Opera, which is only 10 minutes walk away from the hotel.Operates every 12 minutes and is very quick and easy - was faster than the RER which involves a train change at Gare Du Nord.At 89 euros for the double room and the central location this is a good choice - bear in mind that the most expensive room in the hotel is only 132 euros and it may be worth splashing out that little bit more !  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lived up to expectation My husband and I visited France in early August, 2 days in Paris, 2 days in Normandy and 2 more days in Paris. The location is great. It's close to Gare de Nord (Eurostar, 5-min taxi) and Gare St Lazard (trains to Normandy, 5-min walk) and they have a luggage room where we could leave our luggages while we were in Normandy. 5-min walking distance to Gallerie Layfayette and Opera, and another 10-15 min walk to Louvre. After consulting TripAdvisor.com, we found the hotel website and were a little bit worry about no A/C in Summer at first. However, the rooms look so great in the website that we couldn't help making our reservation. We were happy with our decision. Room #33 (Euro 89) was not as colourful as it looks like in the website (pictures always look better) but was spacious and quiet. Temp at night was cool and it's OK to use fan. Bathroom was spacious, clean and tidy (no smelly mould). The lift was old and small but functioning well and we loved it. Atmosphere is the charm of this hotel. We still haven't watched the file 'Charade, The Truth about Charlie'.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lynnP
<Content>My favourite hotel in Paris I last stayed in this hotel in December 2002, though I've been back to Paris many times in between. My second stay was as delightful as the first. Last time we got one of the large rooms on the top floor which are spacious and nicely decorated with nice, unique touches, nice fire places, old furniture, huge wardrobes, etc. This time we were in one of the smaller rooms, although I say smaller, they were still a good size, and just as nicely decorated. The rooms are clean, the staff polite and helpful, and as they serve a continental buffet breakfast you can eat your fill before setting out for the day.Although it's in a really touristy area, it is still very central, and just a few minutes walk from the department stores and the Opera.I'll definitely be going back this Christmas - I love this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Langlois is a great value We stayed here for 10 days in late June/early July. We were in Room 21, which faced the courtyard, so had no view, but it was spacious, quiet, cool, and had lovely period furnishings. The staff was courteous, polite, and formal but never unpleasant. Breakfast was a good value, and there also is a lovely boulangerie several doors down from the hotel, which has wonderful croissants and eclairs. I stayed at a four-star hotel on a previous trip to Paris, but even though the Hotel Langlois lacks some amenities, such as a concierge, restaurant, and business center, it makes up for in charm and uniqueness. I definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travel57
<Content>Mixed Feelings Visited in August 2004, lovely large room on 6th floor with view of Sacre Coeur. But not as good as I'd expected; smelly mould on shower curtain, which I reported to the staff. Only free standing fan to cool room - didn't enjoy listening to someone elses fan at night. Reception staff only spoke when absolutely necessary, I know Paris well and speak French but I think a welcoming smile and a greeting would make guests feel more welcome. The location is wonderful for the metro, but as a general location I'd not choose this hotel. I also stayed at the hotel louvre-forum on this visit and would prefer to stay there .  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay here! Good value,good location, good accomodation. An excellent hotel for a short break in Paris, with a good location close to the Opera and Gallerie Layfayette. The rooms are spacious with antique furniture and paintings. We had a top floor room with a rooftop view. Very nice! We could see the spires of Sacre-Coeur which was very romantic and atmospheric! The cafes nearby are very adequate for meals and much cheaper than those nearer the sights. The hotel staff were friendly but we found that only one spoke English well enough to help/ recommend restaurants etc. Would recommend this hotel and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Hotel. We stayed at the Langlois for four days in the first week of August having seen excellent recommendations on Tripa Advisor.com.We were very pleased that we did. The hotel was exactly as other customers had described it. The staff were friendly and courteous; the room was spacious and spotlessly clean; the breakfast was great; the hotel itself has a lovely atmosphere and it's just a short walk from the Trinit茅 d'Estienne d'Orves m茅tro stop.We have since recommended the hotel to several of our friends, some of whom had rather grim stories to tell of other hotels!In addition to the hotel itself, we found the reviews on this site to be really helpful. We won't be booking another hotel without consulting this site first!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value  We stayed at the Hotel Langlois (August 2004) on the recommendation of other trip advisor reviews. We loved it! The location was great for the metro and a close walk to the L'Opera area. Our rooms 12  14 were large, especially for Paris, with bay windows and clean bathrooms. The staff were pleasant and the hotel had loads of Parisian Old World charm with modern conveniences. I would definitely stay there again and highly recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to Paris  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Risky Aer
<Content>The Bees Knees. A really excellent small hotel in a very convenient location.Good matter of fact service with no obsequiousness or indifference and really athmospheric room (64,on top of the house with Sacre Coeur visible in the early morning sunshine above the surrounding rooftops).If anybody is used to the US style chain hotels then the Hotel de Langlois is NOT for you, but if its individualism at an affordable rate then it should be near the top of any consideration list.Downsides...... While breakfast is a good buffet spread, the FRESH fruit is in fact processed from a tin stuff.If U can live with that then away you go....I certainly would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quaint, clean and great location   showReview(2294258, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>charidot
<Content>What a small hotel in Paris ought to be like   showReview(2183705, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Puccini
<Content>An excellent choice   showReview(2181010, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>HollywoodBoyz
<Content>What a welcome to Paris!   showReview(2171216, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Deserving of more stars   showReview(1934283, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WOW. Almost perfect.   showReview(1853073, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Michiganfamily4
<Content>Wonderful!   showReview(1705666, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>brilliant   showReview(1562723, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tas62675
<Content>Would definitely stay here again   showReview(1539035, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent for value.   showReview(1491087, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cheja
<Content>Maravilloso hotel!!   showReview(22579271, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>carocknroll
<Content>hotel de charme et romantique   showReview(22347110, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

