<Author>b_l_canada
<Content>Great Place!! Spent 3 nights at Oaks Harmony and loved it. The property is in a fantastic location, right in the centre of Chinatown, only a short walk from central station. The front desk staff were lovely on arrival, giving us a brief run down on Sydney and where to go, what to do. We stayed on the 12th floor in a room looking towards George St. The room was spotless with everything we needed. I think all Oaks hotels are apartments, so we had a full kitchen, with a dishwasher and even a washer and dryer! It was fanatstic to be able to do a quick load of washing the night before we left as the worst thing after a holiday is all the washing! It was a great stay, and the staff were absolutely lovely. I would recommend this hotel to everyone!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gayfitz
<Content>Excellent Value Was rather apprehensive at first as upon arrival hotel staff were speaking sternly to what were obviously recalcitrant guests who had been ordered to leave. However staff handled situation very professionally and most efficiently. We were very surprised to find our apartment was split level, a bedroom and bathroom on each level thus providing plenty of room for 4 people. Apartment took up full width of building thereby giving two different aspects from both sides of building. Apartment very quiet but it was lovely to hear the church bells ringing on Sunday morning.Appointments to kitchen and manchester provided were first class. As well, hotel is very conveniently located. Would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel. We were only staying one night but a most suitable hotel for anyone having an extended stay. Definitely value for money.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>travel8or
<Content>Do Not Stay Here! I stay in Sydney regularly on business and have tried many apartments. This is definitely the worst of all the places I have stayed. The staff are extremely discourteous and unhelpful. The decor of the rooms is offensive and the outlook from most is into a carpark. Harsh fluorescent lighting recalls hospital nightmares. The air-conditioning is noisy and distracting. A lack of lifts means long waits in the lobby. The sound of garbage trucks in the lane behind the building wakes you everynight between midnight and 1am. My overall experience of this place was so bad I would think twice before even walking down the street it is in.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>yesgotravel
<Content>LOVE it ! LOVE IT !I was surprised by this apartment.I booked a three night special rate bedroom, and the apartment is better than my expectation. I just care about the convenience of the location and furnitures in the unit, and this apartment has all my needs. Definitely will come back if I will travel in Sydney again, and I have told my friends about this good accommodation for long term stay.haha  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>cavignan
<Content>Perfect location!       Living Room 1  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	3	

<Author>LocationNewZealand
<Content>A1 EXPERIENCE Most wonderful experience, that sums it for my family's 12 days' stay in Oaks Harmony.Having read some horrific experiences from trip advisor, we arrived at the service apartment with doubts in our minds. But, we must say it has turned into one of our most pleasant holiday stays. Some keys attributes about the service apartment.- location - only 1 minute walk to central station- food places in abundance, all within walking distance, if you are like me, I like chinese food, it is right at the doorstep of chinatown- within the shopping area, darling harbour etc- nice clean apartment- pleasant experience with reception staff- reasonably affordable within the city areaLike I said, it was an A1 experience, so much so that we are going back to the same service apartment next year.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	2	

<Author>gatorhon
<Content>Great location, but rooms could have been cleaner We stayed at The Oaks Harmony for 8 nights while in Sydney over the Christmas/New Year's holiday. We loved the location near Central station and Darling Harbour. The close proximity to Paddy's Market was great too. We found a grocery store with great prices and a fabulous selection of Asian food. We did love the little kitchenette so we ate in for breakfast and cooked several dinners in as well. The rooms seemed to have a lot of dead bugs by the sliding glass door when we arrived and we never opened the door since the bugs and flys seemed so bad. It appeared that periodically they did clean the floors, but not often. We had no problems with them replenishing towels or other items. However, I learned the washing machine needed at least two packets of the detergent they give you to even think it got washed. The dishwasher didn't work and I didn't bother telling anyone. It just wasn't worth it and I was able to wash the dishes on my own and I figured they were probably cleaner anyway. My other major complaint was the neighbors across from us were very loud. I got the impression the people lived there. The door slammed at all hours of the day and night and shook every thing in our studio apartment.Minor items: the hot tub was not hot, at least not likein the USA and the bed was on wheels so every time you sat down or moved it rolled...I only wish the hotel was closer to Sydney Harbour, but overall the location was very convenient.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>Traveloguy
<Content>Great Location and spacious rooms Great location, clean room, spacious room although cheap furniture.If you want an apartment style room including laundry with a fab location, look no further than to stay here. My only complaint would be that the furniture is about as cheap as can be, although everything else makes up for this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>General_Ape
<Content>Nice! We stayed at this hotel towards the end of October 2007 for two nights.It is in the middle of China town, a short walk from Central train station which was convenient for us, and surrounded by shops and near a bigger shopping centre. It was a nice stroll to Darling Harbour.The hotel had friendly enough staff who we booked an airport shuttle bus through, and they held our luggage before check-in.We had an upper floor 1 bedroom apartment which was was very clean and spacious. It had its own cooking facilities as well as two balconies (one in bedroom, one in lounge). The bathroom was very modern and everything worked perfectly. The hotel does not really offer ocean views as it is faced in the wrong direction.Facilities were also good with underground parking available, a decent sized indoor swimming pool, and a gym. We only used the gym which could have done with a bit of updating (we could only find one dumbbell!).If we had to be picky, the breakfast which we paid for as part of the package was a slight let down, as it was a packed style in the fridge. To the hotels credit there is no restaurant so I guess this was their only option - we did not know this before hand.We enjoyed our stay at Oaks and would definitely recommend it to anyone wanting to stay in Sydney.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>pte-traveller
<Content>Bad service We stayed at Oaks Harmony for the period from 11 Nov to 17 Nov and agree with the recent reviews that the service at the apartment was extremely bad. The service staff has a 鈥渃an鈥檛 be bothered鈥?attitude and does not extend basic courtesy to its customers.We called the apartment a day before we arrived to request for an early check-in as our flight was expected to arrive at 6am in the morning and we have a three year old toddler with us. We were told that they could only accommodate an early check-in after 11am and request can only be made upon arrival.As our flight was delayed, we arrived at the hotel slightly before 11am but were informed that no rooms would be available until 2pm. When we arrived at the hotel again 5 minutes before 2pm, the person who served us earlier looked at us blankly, clearly forgetting our early request to check-in. She told us that she did not think any rooms were available yet and only locate an available room after we insisted.As our room was still not cleaned at 2pm in the following afternoon, we requested for fresh towels but were told that each towel will be charged at A$2. Although it was stated in their compendium that we could request for room service at specific time, it took two remindersover more than 2 hours before the apartment was cleaned. Basic necessities such as detergent, soap and shampoo were not replenished. We stayed three nights and returned two days later for another night stay. In the meantime, the service staff threw away the fax that we were expecting from our doctor. The best part was that she was not even apologetic, only commenting that they receive a lot rubbish fax all the time. On the last day of our stay, we requested for a late checkout and weretold that they were fully booked and could only extend the checkout until 11am. When my husband asked whether we could checkout after 11amas our flight was in the late afternoon, the service staff suggested that we could do so by paying for another night stay, clearly forgetting that the apartments were supposed to be 鈥渇ully booked鈥? When she realized that she had contradicted herself, she reluctantly said that we could stay until 12 pm instead. Although location of the hotel was convenient and the rooms are fairlyclean, our experience was marred by the bad attitude and service of the reception staff.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>miamoto
<Content>Pretty lousy! Think twice before booking! We ran into all sorts of problems with this hotel. After booking a two-night stay on wotif.com, we arrived to find no staff at the reception desk, just a security guard who was there to answer the phone and buzz people in and out of the carpark. Over the course of our stay there were multiple occassions where there was no hotel staff at the desk.We had to wait around for almost 40 minutes in the lobby for the hotel manager to return from her lunch break. When we did, she told us that the hotel was overbooked and that we should have been advised by phone that we were staying at a different Oaks hotel. Um, hello? We knew nothing of this? After we insisted that we weren't going to move to another hotel, she checked us in - but silently only checked us in for ONE night instead of the TWO we booked for (without even notifying us of that when she did!) - we only realised what she had done after looking at the booking receipt she had given us. When we queried this she said she wasn't sure we could stay the two nights because they were overbooked (no mention of this during check-in!)As for the room - the bed was small, and broken. One side sagged badly from broken slats and creaked from the slightest movement. The doona barely covered the bed - it must've been a single-sized doona on a double bed, because it definitely wasn't big enough! The toilet wasn't exactly clean. One of our towels had a big stain on it. There were dead moths in the wardrobe. The internal walls were very thin - we could hear everything happening in the corridors and other rooms, and woke multiple times during the night to the sound of the door across the hall slamming shut.Good things about it were the location, the pool and gym, and the laundry facilities - it was helpful to be able to throw our towels in the dryer, especially seeing that the hotel charged $2 for extra towels.Overall a pretty poor experience. We've stayed at the Oaks on Collins in Melbourne, which was nice, and had expected this to be the same. It definitely wasn't. We wont be staying here again.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>happyeveryday
<Content>service SUCKS I stayed in this 2-bedroom apartment for a week and I was no happy about the services at all. Is it really 4-star hotel??? I strongly doubt it.First, the receptionists were not very helpful and they were not friendly at all. No SMILE when talking to you. It was like at the funeral or something.Second, I rented a car and I wanted to get a car space in the hotel. All they did was to charge me $20 a day. They did not tell me where to park nor where the entrance for parking was. When I asked them, they just gave me a look. Like I should have known the answers. I am just a visitor! Third, the A/C was not working at all. I called them the day I checkedin and a few times during my stay and all they said were that they would fix it soon. Until the day I checked out, which was a week after, nothing had done. They did not even provide me a fan.Fourth, no sugar/coffee/tea was given after the second day. Fifth, they gave us dirty towels with brown stains! Sixth, they only made the beds in the master room. Seventh, the detergents were not replaced. and many more......I mean, the apartment was very comfortable and it got almost everything you may need during your stay but I just don't think it wasworth staying there for the services I got from them. Just my experience after all. Perhaps, it was all because of my race? I don't know....  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	5	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>LeonCapeTown
<Content>Modern, clean and comfortable apartments. Good location. We spent a week in a one-bedroomed apartment during a trip to Sydney to attend a conference at the exhibition centre in Darling Harbour.The apartment was large, clean, modern and comfortable with all the necessary equipment (fully fitted kitchen, including dishwasher, and laundry/dryer with washing powder supplied). The bedroom was basic, but had a king-sized newish bed.Some of the apartments are owned by permanent residents, so it didn't feel like one was staying in a hotel. It is situated on the edge of Chinatown, so at times it felt like one was in Hong Kong rather than Sydney! There are plenty of restaurants in the area, as well as Paddy's Market. It is literally 3 minutes from the central station and George street, and 10 minutes walk from Darling Harbour.Internet access is available in the room for 55 cents a minute.There is a fair amount of ambient noise at night from people coming and going and the streets below. Ask for a quiet apartment. Also, the complex is NOT well sign-posted from the outside and can be difficult to find. Ask for a detailed map.All in all, generally good value - you get a discount for staying 7 days - and and very comfortable. We would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>IntrepidLondoner
<Content>Good clean hotel When we booked this hotel there were mixed reviews so we were apprehensive. We found the hotel clean - our room was a studio so it wasn't big. However, having a good quality washer and dryer when your staying two weeks this is a great. The kitchen had everything we needed to cook a basic meal and do breakfast. They cleaned our room i.e. made our bed and did our dishes at least once a day and restocked towels, soaps and laundry detergent etc. For the price its a good place to stay although it doesn't have all the amenities of a hotel for example the fact reception closes at 6pm and you can't get anything done after that. Also it is a bit of a walk to the other side of the city where the ferries go to all the tourist destinations like Manly and the Zoo etc. However, it is literally across the road from the central train station. Many people live full time in some of the apartments - some are individually owned we suspect, so there is a lot of traffic in the morning and afternoon. The gym is the usual token effort but the pool area pleasant.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>expatbangkok
<Content>Great spot Great location, clean, big, new rooms with good quality washer and drier, everything worked. The previous tenant had nicked the adapter for the TV aerial but the handyman came in and replaced it within 30 minutes. We were given a late check out and reception organised an airport bus for us.Maids cleaned the rooms promptly, gym and pool were above average and there was a good cafe at the door. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>singal2007
<Content>We found cockroach in the room I just came back after Easter Holiday, this was the 3rd time I'd beento Sydney, and this is the worst hotel I ever stay. I checked in 9pm at night, firstly, the light of the room didn't work, we went down to the reception and the security advised us there was no room service after 8pm; secondly, I requested a high floor quiet room, but they offered me a room in level 2, where my bedroom was just next to the car park, the noise at 6am wake me up. We changed another room at level 6 next day, we requested King bed but it was the combine of 2 single beds. We found a hair inside the waterpot. The drape was a single layer film only, we wake up very early every morning when the sun comes up. Though in the booking it stated room service was included, don't expect daily room service. They cameto tidy up our bed only ONCE out of our 5 nights stay, which was after my husband's complaint. But they didn't sweep the floor.Don't stay the hotel during winter, because after we turn the air-con to warmer, there were cockroach came out under the sofa and kitchen, 1 of them died next to the microwave and nobody tidy it up.Only the location is good, but definitely I will not recommend this hotel nor stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>gazzzh
<Content>Great! The apartments are in an excellent location in Sydney. A stones through from Central Station and a stroll to China Town and Darling Harbour.The 1 bedroom apartment that I booked was excellent as well. Clean, tidy and spacious and nicely decorated. Would recommend this place to anyone!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>monkey123
<Content>Great value and location I booked an excellent deal for a 1 bedroom apartment for 2 nights through the property's own Hot Deals section on their website.The property itself is located just off George Street near Central Station - my partner and I were able to walk there (5-10 minutes) with our bags after getting off the airport train.We arrived early in the morning after a long haul flight and, whilst the staff were not able to check us in straight away, they stored our bags and expedited the cleaning of the room so that we could check in 4 hours before the usual check-in time. We really appreciated this and it was indiciative of the helpful attitude that we found from all of the staff during our stay.Our room was well sized, with a separate bedroom, dining area, kitchenette/lounge and bathroom. In addition, the bathroom had a separate washing machine and dryer. The furnishing was all pretty modern, new and clean, if not of the highest quality (a certain Swedish furniture store spings to mind).The only issue we had with the room was that the bedroom backed out onto a service alleyway so, although it was on the 16th floor, you could hear garbage and delivery lorries during the night.We liked the place so much that we decided to stay there again on our return to Sydney. Despite the fact that not all days were available at the Hot Deals price on the company website, we spoke to the manager and she was able to secure us a unit at the same, low price.This second unit was also spacious and well furnished and, with its location further down the service alleyway, did not suffer from the noise problems of the first one that we tried.Overall - an excellent property.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

