<Author>WhoDat76
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Georgeous Courtyard, Great Location We got a room at the French Market Inn because of the awesome rate we got for two nights. It was almost half off, so we weren't going to pass up the opportunity to stay somewhere new in New Orleans.For location and beauty, this hotel is perfect. The desk personnel were very nice and helpful, and the wait staff were kind and friendly. The courtyard at this hotel is unparalleled, and the historic beauty of the place is breathtaking. Wherever we went in the Quarter or downtown, the hotel location was so convenient. We were never but a few blocks walk back. It was even great having a big flat screen TV in the room to watch the Saints game!The only things that put a damper on the stay were the carpet in the room and an unexpected hotel charge. The carpets desperately needed cleaning, and the bottoms of our socks were evidence. Also, there was a $4.95 per night internet charge upon checkout, which I tried not to pay since the connection was poor. The gentleman at the counter said that it only works in the common area and not in the rooms, and that he couldn't take it off. I didn't even know where the common area was, and still don't.I would stay here again just for the beauty and the location, but not at full price.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	2	4	5	1	

<Author>bemgelado
<Content>Perfect for the Price This is not the most luxurious hotel I've ever stayed in, but for the price it was perfect. The location is two blocks away from the main hub of the French Quarter, but I never felt unsafe walking back to the hotel at night. The staff was VERY friendly. My mother and I were in town planning my wedding and the staff was helpful and seemed to care about our visit. We did have a little trouble with the hot water the first morning, but after that there were no problems. We stayed in two rooms on the 4th floor. We had some trouble locating the room the first day, but we ended up liking the fact that they weren't right near everything else. The rooms themselves were quite small, but for us (we each had our own room) they were quite adequate. I would recommend this hotel for anyone going to New Orleans on a budget, as it provides some old world charm with out the outrageous prices that others can charge.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	2	

<Author>KATHLEENXX97
<Content>A Great Place to Stay in New Orleans, LA Just got back from New Orleans, La. with so many places to stay who knows which one to choose. We stayed at a great place right in the heart of everything. We parked our car and didn't move it for 2 days, walked everywhere or caught the trolley. This wonderful place was:Historic French Market Inn501 Rue DecaturNew Orleans, laPhone: [--]Jax鈥檚 Brewery was to our left and Hard Rock Cafe was to our right and the River was just in front. If you decide to go to New Orleans, try staying at the French Market Inn.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deltams
<Content>Pleasantly surprised with French Market Inn I was a little apprehensive after reading some of the reviews on this site. However, the apprehension turned to delight after our group of 10 ladies checked in. The front desk managers were very gracious and went out of their way to accommodate our requests. Rooms were attractive, clean and comfortable. It's an old hotel but that's part of the charm. The location is absolutely ideal! Price and product can't be beat!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>whisset
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised I had made my reservations at a different hotel, and because they didn't offer any parking of any kind I changed my reservations to the Historic French Market Inn. I did this on the phone with call center. After looking at the reviews online I began to get very nervous. I only needed the hotel room for one night, but still wanted to make the most out of my quick trip to New Orleans. I have been to n.o. several times and knew where I wanted to be for the things I wanted to do. I really liked this place, it was convenient, the staff was super friendly, and extremely accomodating! Check-in was a breeze, and the room was very quaint. Very small, but we just needed it for sleeping and resting. It is in the best location, it's quiet inside, but bustling outside. Adjacent to a wonderful coffee shop, as well as some of the best po-boys in the city at Johnny's right around the corner. A few blocks from Harrah's, Cafe Du Monde, the market and Bourbon St. After getting ready to check-out we thought we had a mere hour to look around in the morning, but the manager stored our bags for us until we were ready to leave. The parking was a bit expensive, but I would pay it again in a heartbeat so that I wouldn't have to find a spot. The valet was quick and we had our car in just a few minutes. I think the place was full of character, was just great, and we will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>cdavetype
<Content>An Absolute Gem!       French Market Inn  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rev_Jimi_Jamz
<Content>Better Than Expected!!!! Would Gladly stay again!!! I had read on other sites that the Historic French Market Inn was a horrible place to stay with the worst Service, dirtiest rooms and least comfortable beds in town. I just want to say that, in every respect, I found that to be as far from the truth as possible. We showed up at 4 pm on a wednesday and we were greted by a very freindly staff that found our reservation right away and we were in our room within 5 minutes. The room was immaculate, the AC worked fantasticly, the bath room was very clean, the decor was top notch, and the bed was the most comfortable Hotel Bed I have ever slept in. The room immenities included a safe, coffee pot, iron and ironing board, hair dryer, and even a 42 LCD TV mounted on the wall. The Staff graciously directed us everywhere we wanted to go, and a bar right down the street gave us a free cocktail every day just for showing our card key. The courtyards were calm and relaxing with several fountains and freindly people enjoying the atmosphere. When we were evacuated on our third day due to Gustav, the Hotel Manager herself, Rachelle, stayed with us and made sure that our transportation was in line and gave us helpfull information on the evacuation process. I HIGHLY recommend this hotel for anyone going to the French Quarter!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SpikeJD
<Content>Very pleasant After reading the reviews I was apprehensive, but the staff was very pleasant and helpful, the room was nice if a bit shabby, and we loved the courtyard. Also, the location was excellent. Yes, it was a little noisy - but that goes with the location. The only problem I had with the hotel was that they put a pretty hefty hold on our debit card for incidentals (which does come off when you check out). I also have a complaint about Hotwire because they advertised this hotel as having a pool, which they do not. However, they used to have a pool so Hotwire would not consider making any changes. The pool is filled in and boarded up. Luckily, this did not detract from our stay and I would recommend this hotel for those on a budget who want to be right in the French Quarter.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Pimpcules
<Content>The Historic Rat Market Inn Where oh where do I begin to describe the experience I had at this wonderful establishment? Let us start our journey with the reservations... I made 6 room reservations on the website http://www.neworleansfinehotels.com/frenchmarketinn/. In all hotels I have either worked for or stayed at, that would be the end of it right there and on the date of arrival I would be in the courtyard drinking my martinis and enjoying the nightlife of the best city in the world: New Orleans. Well The owner of this hotel is apparently Freddy Krueger because it was merely the beginning of a nightmare.  I booked the 6 rooms all under my name and credit card with the specific instructions of each individual calling and claiming one of the rooms in the block with their credit card number. The 1st two individuals in my party attempted to book the rooms only to be placed on hold and transferred from person to person in the hotel. Then when the callers would begin to get rightfully angry, the front desk person would use the apparent hotel trump card and tell them that they do not see the reservation. This went on with 4 out of the 6 people that called. When everyone in my party was on the verge of cancelling and going somewhere else, I called and talked to a delightful young lady named Diana. Instead of placing me on hold, being rude, and telling me that I DID NOT MAKE MY RESERVATION ON THE INTERNET BECAUSE IT WOULD NOT LET ME BOOK 6 ROOMS AT ONCE, she was nice, courteous, and actually did some research to rectify the problem. When I saw that the internet rate actually went down $20.00 from the time we made our reservation, she promptly changed my room rate and stated that all other parties in our block must call the hotel to do the same. Easy right? BLEH!!! Person after person called and tried to have their rate corrected only to have a rude front desk person by the name of Cynthia become irate, tell the caller that they could not have their rates changed, and again the trump card that they no longer had their reservation in our system. I have worked in the hospitality industry for 15 years and when a customer is rightfully upset, it is the duty of the hotel to rectify the situation as quickly as possible, well Cynthia's remedy was just to recommend that we cancel our reservation. Considering we were willing to give this place nearly $2,000.00 of our money, this attitude was UNBELIEVABLE!!! Regardless, it was too close to our trip date to cancel so we went ahead and checked in on our arrival date.Within 5 minutes upon checking in the hotel, there was a rat scurrying around the hotel hallway. Just as others have stated, there was no working elevator so we had to court our luggage down 4 flights of stairs. When we told the front desk what we had saw, again the front desk staff offered NO explanation or means to correct the situation, they merely offered to cancel the rooms AGAIN. This time we took them up on the offer.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>HBCUtravelgal
<Content>Mice and cockroaches and broken elevators Do not stay at the Historic French Market Inn! Disappointment, inconvenience, and a possible tetanus shot await you. I am genuinely surprised that this place has retained its license to operate.Things started off well. Check-in was smooth and the staff was very friendly. My room appeared to be fine. It faced Decatur street and it had a nice plasma screen TV. Though the paint was clearly peeling and the carpets were old and stained, the room and the hotel had a certain charm. And since I was only booked for one night, these cosmetic problems didn't bother me. I've stayed in a lot worse over the years of traveling.Things took a bad turn when I saw a large mouse or small rat enter my room at around midnight. The rodent clearly knew the room, because it stopped, looked at me, then turned and disappeared into the closet or into the hallway. The gaps under the door are big enough for a rodent to slide through. So the rodent disappeared, but not for long. About ten minutes later, I heard scratching from inside the closet. After a call to the night desk, I was switched to another room. I hadn't even sit down on the bed when I noticed a cockroach on the bed skirt. At the head of the bed. In general vicinity of my pillow. With the broken elevators, moving my luggage became quite an inconvenience.A third call to the night desk resulted in another room, this time to a larger bedroom with no window in the back part of the complex. Though there was a dead roach in the closet, it was 1:30am by this time I was too tired to care. I shoved a towel against the main door of the room to keep out any would-be rodent visitors and went to bed.The one aspect of my stay that made the experience bearable was the staff. They were friendly and warm, and they did try to address the numerous problems I had with the room. But they didn't offer a partial or full refund, since I had paid for the room beforehand. And the manager wasn't around to put my complaints to.There are other, better priced hotels in the area, all of which don't carry the possibility of rodent contagion. Don't stay at this hotel. Don't be seduced by its outer charm or its supposed proximity to other sites in the French Quarter. It's just not worth it. You can find better.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	5	-1	-1	

<Author>atravelerr
<Content>Rude service and not as advertised There was not valet service outside (most hotels have a booth or some indication of where to drop off the car). The Front Desk person was very rude to us because we did not understand her explanation of how there valet service worked. Our car was illegally parked as we waited 15 min. for the one attendant to get our car, and b/c we were illegally parked (we had nowhere else to go) I had to stand outside in the 100 temp to wait and make sure we did not get a ticket. we ended up parking in a lot across the street.Front desk people would not let us check in an hour early. they were very snotty and rude.Our room's TV was not working and did not get fixed; the towel rack in the bathroom was not installed properly and kept falling apart every time we touched it. The website said it had a pool. There was no pool! It was covered permanently (see photos form other customers.) The room was tiny, but really that was not an issue. There are many other hotels with a comparable rate in the area; I recommend you stay at one of the other hotels, not this one.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Teach38
<Content>Hated It! My friend, her 2 daughters and I were in Gulfshores AL. and decided the girls should see New Orleans. It was the weekend of July 4. I called a hotel database and was told most hotels were booked, but this hotel had a few rooms still available. I reserved a room with 2 queen beds since I had read so many good reviews. Upon arrival, we were given our key and sent on our way. I think the lighting in the room was close to the original . You could barely see. The walls and carpet were filthy. When you ran the water in the bathroom sink, a sewer smell came up. The 2 queen beds were more the size of a 3/4 bed. The door did not close well, the blinds were tacked to the wall, there was nothing to set our luggage on, and the phone did not work. We were luckier than some since our TV did work and we could watch all 6 channels. Many of the rooms did not have a working TV and the people were told that it was the city's fault. Of course, the people were not told of this when booking the room. I was sitting in the lobby when a guest called the front desk for the 6th time with the same complaint. When she hung up, the clerk told the bellman that she did not see why the guest was complaining since you get what you pay for. My room cost me $170.00 + tax.per night. I really think that entitled us to a clean room.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>drbella81
<Content>Horrible,the worst hotel I have ever dealt with!!! If you want to have a wonderful trip with an excellent staff then do NOT stay here! The people who work there are so horrible and have absolutely no customer service skills whatsoever. Supposedly they are under new management but it seems to me like nothing has changed since the old management. I have never encountered such a rude and unknowledgeable staff in all my life.Just trying to get our rooms booked was an ordeal. We booked six rooms and each time someone in our party called the hotel to put the rooms in their name there was always a problem,such as not finding us in the system.The front desk staff did not give a crap about the situation and in no way tried to rectify the problem. We had such a hard time trying to book our reservation but the front desk people had no problem offering to cancel our rooms for us immediately! Does this sound like good business practice to anyone? They had no problem losing out on about $1800 worth of business and when we asked to speak to a manager they wouldn't even talk to us directly. It has been 3 years since katrina so using that as an excuse for everything wrong with this hotel is unacceptable and I am seriously considering contacting the dept of health regarding the pests,rodents and the black mold in the rooms which I know is a jeopardy to the health of their guests.I wouldn't recommend this hotel to a person living in a box although the rats seem to like it there!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Tampa_FLKim
<Content>Mice and Dirt Everywhere!!! I'm surprised I left without a disease! I'll start by saying that I am usually very laid back and easy going when it comes to traveling and where I stay. In other words, I am not one to complain. I was very optimistic about this hotel and thought it would be a great place for my husband and I to relax for a few nights. Our FIRST room was overlooking the river and the Hard Rock Cafe, which was great! The room was nicely decorated and fairly large. However, after returning that night from dinner, I noticed something scurrying around on the carpet. I realized what we had was a rat! I was surprised that I didn't get bitten. It kept running by my feet! After calling a couple of times downstairs, we were FINALLY moved to a different room. The front desk staff lied about not having an alternate room available, which upon the second call, they somehow did. They also didn't seem very concerned about the rodent. We then had to move all our luggage out of the room by ourselves around 11 pm, when we were tired. No one bothered to come up to our floor to help us and two of the elevators were not working, so we had to lug all our belongings down flights of stairs on our own. It took us about three trips in all. One staff member later told us that the elevators had been out for over two weeks! We got moved into a different room, but we were definetely downgraded. No windows, dirty carpets, stained linens, no room to move (I had to turn to my side just to fit past the bed to get to the bathroom, and trust me, I'm very petite) and finally, black scuff marks all over the walls. DISGUSTING! Oh, and the televisions did not work. One of the front desk people said that the tv's hadn't been working in a while...only one station came in!! The worst part was, after being moved, I got woken up at 5:30 am to the sounds of scratching in our room. Yes, it was indeed, another rat! It jumped out of the garbage can and ran toward our bed! The front desk were very unhelpful and the manager didn't even call us to apologize or anything! We were finally given a SLIGHT discount and after demanding to speak to the manager (she had her desk help do all the work for her), she said that she was very much aware of the rodent problem. She admitted that it's been going on for some time now and that they just can't seem to fix it. The halls stunk horribly and paint was chipping all over the hotel. Needless to say, my husband and I left the hotel after the second rat incident and moved on to a beautiful hotel just down the street, for the same price. No rodents, gorgeous rooms and knowledgeable front desk staff.  Trust me, I usually don't go by other people's negative reviews, but on this particular hotel, listen up and don't stay here!!! Unless, you are interested in catching the Bubonic Plague!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Chautauqua
<Content>Felt like the real French Quarter I booked a double at the hotel's web site for a Saturday night as a surprise for my son, who is in his teens. The staff was extremely efficient at check-in and our room was very clean. No bugs, no mice, everything we expected. To get to our room, we had to walk through this interesting passageway to the courtyard, and then up a flight of outside stairs. My son thought it was interesting, and a little spooky:) It was raining when we arrived, so the courtyard was a little soggy. It looked like someone was cleaning out and re-planting much of the courtyard, so some of the beds seemed bare. However, with a little time for things to grow, I think it is going to look nice.No pool, but we weren't expecting to spend our time hanging out at the hotel. This is an old building, so I didn't expect a big room. It was larger than I expected, but not as big as what you would find in a modern chain hotel. The plasma screen t.v. probably helped make the room seem less crowded. Two of the walls were exposed brick, which was kind of cool. We had a room facing the courtyard, and it wasn't noisy at all. I didn't hear any street noises, and very few courtyard noises after 10:00 p.m.I parked in an overnight lot and we walked to the hotel, so I can't say much about the valet parking. You really don't need a car handy if you are planning to stay in the Quarter. Everything was within a comfortable walking distance. In fact, the location can't be beat.It was a great value. Friendly staff, decent, clean room, great location. I especially liked the fact that I felt like I was in New Orleans instead of a generic hotel that could be anywhere.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>wisemi
<Content>Location, Location, Location       The closed-in pool?  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>kandilajoy
<Content>The Best Find in the French Quarter We happened to find this place by accident. Just browsing New Orleans websites and found this diamond in the rough. We have come to find out this Inn was originally built in 1722, and to be almost 300 yrs old, and surviving hurricanes; she is in pretty good shape. The French Market Inn is in a great location for browsing the French Market/Quarter. And is right across the street from the mighty Mississippi River. We took our 2 young daughters, so it made it real convenient for our walk-abouts.The Inn has some very relaxing and cozy courtyards. Can't even hear the hussle and bustle of New Orleans.We had a small problem with our bathroom, but we did take into consideration that they are doing the very best they can trying to get things full functional since Hurricane Katrina. It takes time to get all things back to perfect.My husband and I will be returning in a few weeks. We have definitely found our place in New Orleans!!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>lagiant
<Content>Good overall Reading the descriptions of other travelers AFTER I have stayed there, I can see most of them being valid. Overall the hotel is a good deal for the room. Right on the French Quarter, walking distance to Bourbon Street and Canal St. Parking is difficult. Most of the staff is nice. There were some bugs in the bathroom, but when I brought that up to the front desk, they brushed it off as if it were normal. The TV connection did not work and the elevator was busted, but for the price, the room was decent. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>jmctn
<Content>Nasty, dirty and overpriced Room #443: Black mold on the ceiling and walls. No pillowcase (requested) for 2 days, no bathmat (requested), one washcloth for 2 people for 3 days, bathroom ceiling falling down, would not print our boarding passes at front desk (Britney was on a personal call on her cell phone), she also would not suggest a place to print our boarding passes. Upon our arrival-the desk clerk lied about not having any other rooms available. The next morning others many guest checked in. We were told the manager would contact us (never did). As I was keeping track of our complaints on the room's notepad, the maid removed all the pens from the room.I would suggest any other place in the French Quarter. This place was nasty, run down and overpriced.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>pags17
<Content>My roof was fine! Location is Great!       My Courtyard  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>cajunvincent
<Content>Ambiance, location and efficiency can not be matched I have been staying at this hotel since 1988. When we went in April 2008 I noticed some notable changes. Granted I absolutely love this place and always have. Through the years I have noticed some rough edges but the location and ambiance always brought me back. We have gone with our children and with adult only groups. When we bring adult only groups, they always come away as being a fan.On our last visit I noticed there were changes. I noticed that the front desk didn't seem as harried. I noticed that there was always a bell boy to take someone's bag to their room. When we asked for towels, they were delivered twice. We actually had towels left over when we left. There was a definite change in hotel personnel presence. They were talking on walkie talkies. That is how we were served so fast. In years past, when you wanted something you needed to go to the front desk and get it yourself. I never minded because the hotel ambiance is just so romantic and beautiful.You can go there over and over again and each time you can have a room that looks totally different from any other room you have stayed in before at that hotel because there are several different buildings all clustered around the courtyard. This time we had a King Deluxe. It opened into the courtyard with double antique doors. The courtyard is soooo nice. You can sit out there, watch the birds and just relax. Our other part of our group wanted a Double. They had a bare red brick wall but the air conditioner had a problem. I called and (no exxagerating) a repairman came within 5-7 minutes and fixed it with a filter change. The other couple's room was just as romantic. They had a Queen or full size antique 4 poster bed. No view but just the bed made it feel so romantic and cozy. This place is a must if you are going to New Orleans and want to feel the history of the city. It is much like other New Orleans must haves like beignets at Cafe Du Monde and a muffoletto from Central Grocery.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SMW57
<Content>I think sleeping on the street would have been better, and cleaner!       looks nice- I had to block these doors with the furniture because they don't lock  open to the   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>marysuonno
<Content>Believe the reviews- mice mice mice do not stay here       our  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>dianalily
<Content>Do you like Calliope music? Our stay at The Historic French Market Inn was predicated on a special $60/night deal.First, a note about service. I used to live in New Orleans and work in the service industry. I can assure you that the more polite and friendly you are, the better service you get. Even if the desk clerk is on the surly side - which our check-in clerk was - it's always best to put on a smile and put your best foot forward. Yelling angrily at the desk clerk (as I had the misfortune to hear several guests do) will get you nowhere.This kindness on our part fulfilled our request for a room at the back of the hotel (i.e., not at the front of the house, above the coffee shop), despite our whatever is left over booking rate. 4pm check in is quite inconvenient; still we requested and were given a room at the far corner of the hotel, 4th floor, with a skylight. We were advised this room had no window, which didn't matter to us as we weren't in New Orleans for the view from the hotel.Room upkeep notes: At first glance, the room was tidy. But there was a used towel hanging from the back of the door, and only two unused towels for us. The rug looked run-down, so I wore my sandals at all times - including in the shower, which backed up with 2 of water at all times. A pet peeve of mine - the toilet seat was smaller than the toilet base. The bed sheets were a bit small for the bed so my restless husband woke up on bare mattress every morning. And the tv remote didn't work very well.Every day there was a sign over the elevator claiming it was out of service although we pressed the button and discovered this we not the case (except for Sunday night, when it was, indeed, not functioning).Last, are you familiar with the calliope? Across the way from the hotel runs the Mississippi and the steamboat Natchez. Several times an hour during daylight, the Natchez spews forth loud, off-kilter calliope music. It's so loud, I had difficulty having a conversation on the sidewalk. More to the point, the music also permeated our room, making it difficult to take an afternoon nap. Thank goodness I brought ear plugs, otherwise sleeping would have been impossible. One can also hear doors slamming and hallway conversations at all hours of the day.Nice things I have to say: great location. Water pressure, even on the 4th floor, was fantastic. The in-room iron worked. And the courtyard is lovely, despite the large piles of dead branches and vines littering it. The bell boys were polite and charming.Thus, if you are looking for a place to crash after long nights of enjoying the Bourbon Street scene, this may well be the place for you. Otherwise, look elsewhere.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>VGuthrie
<Content>Don't believe the criticism After booking this hotel on a recommendation from a friend, I went to check it out on my trusty TripAvisor. Needless to say that based on reviews, I was more than a little concerned that I had made a mistake. Fortunately, I didn't. The staff was kind, check-in and check-out were a breeze. We got there early and had a king room reserved. The clerk suggested a queen room off of the courtyard instead (room 133), due to many of the kings not having windows. I asked if I could see the room first, and she said of course and had the doorman lead the way. The room was a bit small, but you have to remember, these buildings are not modern. The ceilings were high, the wooden doors were beautiful. The room was very clean, the bathroom recently redone, and a nice comfy bed. Not a bug or a mouse in sight! True, the room was a bit loud in the evenings due to the proximity of the courtyard--not the fault of the staff, but due to obnoxious guests. Keep in mind--you are in New Orleans--meaning the atmosphere is festive. The hotel is in a great location (right down the street from Cafe du Monde, Jackson Square, around the corner from Johnny's Po'boys, and a block away from Crescent City Brewhouse). I would recommend this hotel without qualms, and would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Yappa
<Content>Lovely hotel, AWFUL front desk staff This is a wonderful hotel. The location is perfect for the French Quarter, and the courtyards are a gem. You can sit next to a burbling fountain in comfortable chairs and have a take-out drink from next door and enjoy the flowers. The rooms are mostly very, very nice, and there is a lot of variation (some are newly renovated with flat screen TVs, exposed beams and bricks, and antiques; some are very small; etc). The price is excellent.The problem with the hotel is the front desk staff. They take no responsibility for anything beyond checking people in and out, and there is noone else on duty most of the time. I recently stayed for a week and immediately saw that I needed to change rooms (for very valid reasons). I asked to do this and was treated like I was completely unreasonable. The woman at the front desk lied to her manager and said I had been screaming at her. The experience was extremely unpleasant. I finally was able to move only because I staked out the cleaning staff and found an empty clean room which I then requested (the front desk staff had been claiming for days that it was impossible to find me a room).Every time I was in the lobby I heard the front desk staff (several different people over the week) complaining about the guests. They complained to me, each other, and other guests. They seem to hate the guests, and they wrongly accuse guests of being rude to them on a regular basis. The only way I can see that many employees behaving so consistently badly is that the management has encouraged this behavior. It is a real shame because otherwise this is a great hotel. But beware: it is very upsetting to be the butt of so much animosity. Here's another example: there was heavy rain one evening and the drain in the courtyard plugged up, resulting in 6 of water. There was no way to get out of the hotel without wading through it. After we waded through we got to the lobby, only to have the woman there berate us about a man who had just yelled at her about the water. She kept saying, What does he think I'm supposed to do about it? We had just got thoroughly soaked ourselves, and then had to endure this abuse.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	1	1	5	

<Author>carebear11
<Content>Horrible We arrived at the hotel and noticed that the bed did not have a mattress sheet on it, and we had no shampoo, kleenex, extra toilet paper, or a hair dryer. We made a list of things that we needed and told the man at the front desk. We were told it would take 45 minutes to find a hair dryer! Needless to say, we didn't want to wait 45 minutes, so we reluctantly didn't take showers. A couple hours later, when we came in to go to bed, we still didn't have any of the items we asked for. We contacted a different person that worked at the hotel, and we managed to find us everything in about 10 minutes. The next day, housekeeping never came to our room, so we had to request that our room be cleaned. One other note, a sheet that we did have the bed was stained completely brown, our keys didn鈥檛 open the room (our neighbors had the same problem), the floors and bedspread were stained, and the walls were covered with black markings.We asked for the manager the next day, and left a message on her voicemail for her to call us back. Well, we never got a call back from the manager. Surprise, surprise. To sum it up, the customer service at this hotel was horrible! Don't stay at this hotel at any cost!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>fruitfly8
<Content>embarrassing incident my friend and i have stayed at this hotel a couple of times and had very pleasant experiences..however, this time there was a woman yellin at employees and using language that would shock a sailor, i guess maybe a manager? Very embarrassing..will look for another hotel next time!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tira316
<Content>Mice! Horrible Management! So Rude! We knew that a discount rate for this hotel with a great location had to be too good to be true. And it was. This is the worst hotel experience I've ever had. We arrived late, at around midnight, and called them to warn the front desk. We arrived to find that our rooms had been given away. We understand that the housekeepers started at 8 am but they were extremely loud. They also left the hallway's worth of trash in front of our door for a whole day. But worst of all was the MICE. It seemed they were crawling under the doors and moving from room to room because our neighbor had the same problem. They crawled through our bags, food, everything. Upon our checkout, which took a solid 45 minutes, we requested to speak with the manager and explain our problems. We waited another 1/2 hour for the manager to come out. He was clearly very nervous speaking to us. He kept saying over and over that we could not be compensated at all for the mice problem, or anything else, because our rate was discounted. He was extremely rude and not apologetic at all, saying the only thing he could do for us was for us to never stay there again, and forced us to leave the lobby.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	2	1	1	

<Author>saleemmemon
<Content>Hated the staff, service, We booked this hotel in August 2007 for MArdi Grass and it was guaranteed by the credit card. We re-checked the booking a week before arrival and also a day before arrival. Our flight got delayed and instead of 7pm we arrived at 11.30pm only to find out that they sold our room to someone else. It was horrible to find this situation at 11.30pm. We were directed to their sister hotel 3 blocks away and they only had one room. Then they tried to find another room in another hotel. Eventually we had to go to Hampton Inn and by the time we checked in it was 3am in the morning. We did not know if we had to go back to same hotel or stay in the hampton. Manager was not reachable and I was pressured to check out at 11am and we did at 11.55am to get to the hotel French Market Inn.The manager never bothered to come and apologise. SWe never got any apology letter and even the attitude was like WHATEVER. I will not even recomend that to my enemies.This is the most horrible service I have ever received in USA in last 17 years.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	1	1	

<Author>hollysmiles54
<Content>Bad Management THIS HOTEL IS IN BAD NEED OF SOME GOOD MANAGEMENT.....we booked this hotel for 3 people and was put in a room with one bed and no roll away or extra blankets or towels, and nothing to help us either....we where told that house keeping was gone and that there was nothing they could do. we spent the next 2 days going back and forth to the front desk asking for a new room or being locked out of the room we had. the room was in bad shape thing were falling off the walls and dirty wet towel left in the room. the hotel is in a very good location and it is a very cool place with the courtyards....if the price was right again i would probably stay there again and hope the management has proved. HOLLYFort Worth Tx  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>mob76
<Content>Good location, not very much else We've stayed here occasionally for many years. The main reason we go back is the location, which is very good.Problems: Reservations are often lost or incorrect. Both check-in and check-out are usually VERY slow. It frequently takes an hour to check in, even with very few other guests at the desk. Unloading can be a hassle, since there's often no where to park, even for a few minutes, let alone an hour. The last time we were there it took an hour and a half to check out. There was a line of guests that went from the desk all the way back into the courtyard. Seemed like every person in the line was complaining about their room or the service. On the subject of rooms-sometimes (like this last time) we've gotten a nice room. But it's not at all unusual to get a room with a toilet that doesn't work, a broken window, a door lock that jams, a bad smell, etc. It's also common (almost to be expected) that they try to charge more than the amount quoted when the reservation was made. Frequently the room that was reserved is not available. It can take a long time to get your car (valet parking) even if you let them know well in advance when you want it. We found out after leaving that our car had a ding in the side.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	1	2	2	

<Author>mikkieus
<Content>As cheap as it is...it is still as waste of money!!! I stayed at this hotel before and couldn't remember any noticeable problems. However, I was a bit younger and in New Orleans for different reasons. This time I had a horrible experience. The check-in was long, the parking (across the street) was expensive and the room was disgusting. Mold on the shower curtain, tub was gross and there were bugs in my bed. I can handle a lot but I cannot handle sleeping with tiny little black bugs crawling on me. The first night I thought I was just feeling a little creepy in this nasty room and that is why it felt like there were things in my bed. The second day confirmed what I had feared.....BUGS!!!. No service came the first morning to change my sheets, replace the towels or even give us toilet paper. I had to send my husband to the front desk and get their last roll of toilet paper. The woman behind him in line was there for the same reason. I hope she brought some tissues. I tracked down a cleaning lady and made her give me some towels and just made my own bed the second day. Which is how I found the bugs all over my sheets. When we packed up our things and checked out we told the man at the front desk why we were leaving and he said absolutely nothing. Just stared at us like we were lying. No apologies, no trying to fix the problem.....he just gave us our bill and that was it. I was happy to leave. When we returned home we also noticed that while we where down there someone had copied down our credit card number and decided to go on a spending spree. The only two places we used this credit card was at this hotel and the parking lot across the street. So beware when using credit cards. However, I would truly suggest not wasting your money on this hotel....no matter how cheap it is.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Lady0724
<Content>Wouldn' t Recommend it for the homeless My husband and I stayed here for one night, and I must say it was an AWFUL experience. Upon check-in, our reservation had not been received from the booking agent as the hotel's fax machine was inoperable. After that, we were checked into a single room, when a king room was requested and paid for. The single room was EXTREMELY small. Yes, they did change us to a double room which was spacious, and that is the ONLY decent thing I can say about this hotel. The room was located on the third floor, for which there was no elevator (to this part of the hotel). The room was very stuffy and hot. It did cool off a bit, but we had to be very still. Upon entering the room, the first thing noticed was the filthy carpet and a door that was approximately two inches from the floor. My husband went to turn on the the T.V., and would you have it, the remote did not work. He went to the front desk and was given two additional remote, neither worked. The bathroom was very dirty. There was hair in the tub and all over the floor. The toilet leaked water from around the bottom sides. Upon calling the desk that night, we were told there was no maintenance person on duty. The telephone in the room did not work even to call the front desk. And to top it off, I get home and check my account information online only to find that the hotel had charged me in addition to the booking agent charging me. It was very disheartening to pay a single cent for such an awful experience, but to see charges twice for deplorability, nearly sent me over the top. I knew this was going to happen as when we went to check-out the desk clerk very inefficient. Mothers always tell their children not to say what they will never do, but I will NEVER stay here again. I do not recommend this hotel. It needs to be put out of business. This property should not be a 3 star hotel.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>dmtg
<Content>Wouldn't recommend Upon check-in around 3:30pm we were given our keys but told that they may still be vacuuming (which they were). We had an end room which was a decent size but full of flaws: missing drawer pull, alarm clock unplugged sitting half-hazardly across the room, phone had gummy residue from a missing faceplate, 2inch gap under the room door and a large open bag of garbage outside our door that sat for over 4 hours despite our repeated calls to the front desk to pls have it removed (my husband finally did it himself). Then, upon check-out the next morning, the valet brought us the wrong car and it took close to 30 minutes for them to find find ours with no apology, offer to make it up to us, nothing.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>katepear85
<Content>A Great hotel with a vintage feel We stayed at the French Market in from friday Nov 30th - Dec 2nd. We had two rooms booked for two couples. We arrived at the hotel by 10am in the morning and when we asked when our rooms would be ready we were told we could check into one of them right away and that the other room would be ready within a half an hour (which it was). The rooms were quaint, had an old fashion New Orleans decor, and were extremely clean. The location was great and put us within walking distance to anything we wanted to do in the French Quarter and Harrah's Casino. We had a great time and enjoyed our stay at this hotel. We would definately stay here again!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>macwim
<Content>Worse than bad I travel to New Orleans often and generally prefer to stay at Inns and small hotels in the quarter. My wife and I booked a king room at the Historic French Market Inn based on the hotel's website. The check-in experience was painfully slow, with only one very unprofessional appearing hotel associate working behind the desk. There was no one available to help with bags. We were given our keys and rather vague directions to find our room, which was a problem since the hotel is a warren of buildings, hallways and alcoves. The room we were given, #444, was totally unacceptable. No windows at all, poor lighting, dingy carpet and furnishings. The room had a very musty odor, compounded by the sense of being closed in, since the room had no windows. Given the hallway configuration and limited access/egress, I would question whether parts of this hotel meet fire codes. The bathroom was in terrible shape. Hairs in the sink and tub, stained and missing grout, dead roaches, etc. I went back to the front desk and told the associate that the room was unacceptable. I was told that the only other room was a queen - which I accepted (although no adjustment was made for price). This room, #110, was directly off the first couryard. If it was a queen size bed, it was the smallest queen size bed I've ever seen. The room was so small that there was hardly walking room on either side of the bed. The only furniture in the room was a straight chair, two very small lamp tables on either side of the bed, and a secretary/coffee service - which was totally useless since it was in an alcove completely blocked by one of the lamp tables. The television was a flat panel mounted on the wall - which was good, since there would have been no room to put any other type of television. The bad news was that the remote was missing and it took several calls to the desk to locate a replacement. The bathroom was acceptable, with only a tile shower instead of a tub. The bed was uncomfortable, sagging to the middle. I'll assume it was clean just because I don't want to think otherwise. At 3:30 AM a group of revellers decided to have a party at one of the tables in the courtyard directly outside our door. A call to the front desk did not help the problem. Trying to be objective, I'm sure there are nicer rooms in the hotel. I'll never know for sure, however, since I'll never stay at this property again.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	-1	2	1	-1	

<Author>TrippGirrl
<Content>I Doubt this Hotel has Many Repeat Guests I stayed here for three days in the Spring of this year and didn't meet any helpful employees. On our second morning, we gave the front desk two-hour notice that we would need our car from the valet. Our car was not available at the time requested. After waiting 45 minutes, we were informed that they could not locate our car!! I literally had to walk down to the parking lot and locate it myself. After all this, we were offered no discount or refund for valet service. Several employees were just rude, while the rest were simply un-interested in being helpful. I'll admit that our room was clean and quiet and the courtyard was beautiful...this just isn't enough when there are many beautiful hotels in the neighborhood with pleasant employees. I visit often and have stayed in many hotels in the French Quarter. The Prince Conti Hotel is also affordable and has great customer service.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>TxGrrl
<Content>Nice, affordable but maybe haunted?? My mother in law, nine year old daughter and I stayed here during a cross country trip from SC to TX in July.This hotel was nice for the price. At 90 dollars during the summer (and in the French Quarter) you can't beat it! The furnishings were bare, but old-elegance in style, complete with a balcony that faced the parking lot and busy street outside.Beware that there is no parking garage, so you have to drop your bags off at the front door then park across the street overnight for 20 bucks. This is pretty easy to do, or you can walk your bags across with your party. There should be a walk way of some sort for their guests to cross the street safely. It's quite scary because with people parking and unloading in front of the hotel and the traffic coming in both directions someone may not see you crossing the street because of the blind spots (there is a curve right near the hotel).Again, good for those who don't mind roughing it a bit.We chose this hotel because of it's accessability to Emeril's restaurant (literally on the opposite street). Nice restaurant, the staff were my favorite part. So helpful etc..Oh, so the funny part of my stay in the hotel. I woke up that night (about 2am) because my mother-in-law was snoring.As I was trying to get her attention (to ask to her turn over or something) a white figure walked from the Tv to the door of our room. I thought for a minute I was going crazy, so I calmly pulled the covers back over my head and went to sleep!The next morning I asked a janitor if the hotel was haunted, because I saw something in my room. He said was it a white figure with a veil? He had just described the thing I had seen.Supposedly the hotel has been haunted for some time, and it's no surprise i guess because the area it's in is so old.I liked the hotel and we are going to stay in this hotel again this christmas when we drive over to visit inlaws in Texas.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>paulmcg
<Content>The noisiest hotel I've ever stayed in On the first night, my wife and I had a ground floor, outside room near the corner of Decatur and St. Louis streets, and got hardly any sleep due to traffic, car alarms, and drunks hanging out on the street starting fights.The front desk gave us an inside room the next night, which we hoped would be quiet, so we could sleep. We still had noise problems, only this time they changed to loud and drunk guests standing out in the hallways and courtyard yelling and talking loudly until after 4 AM. We had to check out around 7:30 AM to get to the airport, so again, we got very little sleep.The hotel is extremely convenient to the French Quarter, but don't expect to sleep.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mw54
<Content>You get what you pay for I've stayed at this hotel on two occasions over the past few months. The first time I stayed there, my room was over the bar. Needless to say, I got very little sleep. I liked the hotel well enough so I thought if I requested a room that wasn't over the bar, I would have a really enjoyable stay. This was not the case. I had to move from the first room I was in because of a mouse. The hotel was very gracious and promptly put me in a new room. This room also had a few problems. I couldn't get the air conditiong to work properly. It turns out that the air conditioner was on a motion sensor, and unless I moved every ten minutes or so, the air would cut off. This was quite annoying during the times you don't want to be moving (ie when you are asleep). It would get quite warm in the room at night. Needless to say, I still didn't get a good night's rest. On the first night of my stay, the headboard fell on me. When I tried to contact the front desk, I found that the phone in my room didn't have dial tone. I had to call the front desk from my cell phone. They promised to get the headboard fixed, but when I checked out three days later, it was still on the floor by the bed. For what I paid, I shouldn't complain, but I think I would have preferred to pay more and gotten a better experience. On the positive side, the entire staff was friendly and helpful, the room was clean and the courtyard was really pretty. The hotel is convenient and close to all the French Quarter attractions. I loved the location.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Detoursf
<Content>Horrible I have just returned from a trip to New Orleans where I was very disappointed with the hotels.com booked for me at the Historic French Market Inn.I would have called Hotels.Com customer service and asked for a different hotel after seeing my room but the Hotels.Com Receipt does not have a customer service telephone number on it!Let me tell you about the room. There were three small end tables, one lamp, there was no chest or dresser, no hangers, no tv remote, no carafe for the coffee maker, the blanket was thread worn and in one place a hole big enough for a fist to go through it, the bed was like a trampoline, the sheets did not fit the bed so it was like sleeping in a double bed with single sheets, there were two old and dirty upholstered chairs, the cups from the last guest had been used as an ash tray and had not been cleaned, the so-called wi fi was only good in the office downstairs, there was a telephone connected to the wall but the telephone was not working.I obviously complained and asked for another room. We are all booked and there are no alternatives available, We have no other furniture, We will send hangers..........were the answers I received. The receipt makes clear that there are no refunds!The hangers did arrive the next day but they were too small to fit around the old wood pole....the housekeeper changed the coffee maker and cleaned the cups.....she found a tv remote but it had no batteries....the room had no telephone apparently because that end of the building had not been connected.........By the end of the second day I had batteries, I took the telephone line and used it as a clothes line so the hangers would fit.........the rest of it was unchanged!I will not use Hotels.Com again and will not return to this hotel.Sincerely, TJL  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>ragdoll2k5
<Content>Beware the Hype We were given room 200 which faces Decateur Street. The room was tiny and the carpet and bedspread were both horribly stained. The room sloped, due to age I suppose. (The head of the bed was roughly 3 inches lower than the foot.) The bathroom had major issues. It took over 30 minutes before enough hot water was available for a decent shower every morning. Noise was awful. CCs Coffee House was directly below our room and we heard every sound when they opened in the morning. The halls were musty and I was very disturbed to note that there were no posted fire escape maps in the room. (All other hotels that I have stayed in have had these in each room.)  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	1	2	2	2	

<Author>kitty309
<Content>Sweet hotel, great deal Just stayed at the French Market Inn. Having read reviews in advance, I was prepared but overall loved the experience and will stay here again, in fact already have book for Mardi Gras.Some comments by posters here are valid- there is a noise factor, which I suspect is more a weekend thing. It was quite loud (on the street and partiers coming in the hallway in the wee hours) on Saturday, but perfectly quiet on Sun. night. This is true of all small hotels in the Quarter with windows onto the streets of course. It is an old old building, so the rooms are small and hallways narrow, as one would expect. If you are looking for contemporary luxury hotel standards, this is not your place. HOWEVER, I love this place.The location is edge of the Quarter, rather than heart of the Quarter, so if you are looking for the quintessential VIeux Carre balcony and architecture this is not it, but the HFMI could not be more convenient. It is convenient to the river, french market, and anywhere in the Quarter. And you get this all at a much better price than most of the swankier hotels in the Quarter. If you take my advice, and that of others here, and request a room on the courtyard, you will not be dealing w. the street noise.There are new improvements since some reviews here were posted: The coffee shop in the lobby is open: a branch of the local Community Coffee house, coffees, snacks, and a morning paper. There are more rooms being renovated all the time-- as I understand, the property was prepared to renovate and overhaul before the storm, then everything came to a crashing halt So now they are doing it bit by bit: just make sure you ask for a renovated room, though it is my understanding they only book the unrenovated rooms during Mardi Gras or Jazz Fest when there are overflow level crowds-- and all renovations may be done by next year. The pool, indeed, is gone. They explained it was a casualty of storm damage and the need to renovate- they have build a storage shed over the pool location. As someone else mentioned, we did have do go into the courtyard to get the wireless internet, but that was very pleasant, the courtyard itself is beautiful, and, really, you're in New Orleans! Who wants to sit in the room on the web anyway! The best thing was the wonderful friendly staff. They are great.I would highly recommend this place, with the explanations above, to anyone going to NOLA for a good time.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>amadear
<Content>Will stay again but............ Would definitey stay here again but I did learn a couple of valuable lessons. #1 - DO NOT stay in front of Hotel, there is a lot of street noise  The Hard Rock Cafe is across the street. #2-DO NOT accept a room next to the elevators. It makes a horrific noise each time it is used. #3- Stay on 2nd or 3rd floor if you are hot natured #4- DO NOT expect to enjoy pool area. It is actually located around the corner and did not appear to have been cleaned. The area was also overgrown. For the price of the room, the hotel itself was acceptable. The rooms were well furnished  clean and all amenities. You absolutley cannot beat the central location of the hotel  the staff was friendly. Just follow my 4 rules  you will have an enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>winterpeople
<Content>Perfect location! First, let me just say I loved this little hotel! The best part was it's location. We've been to New Orleans many times and this one was perfectly located for the things we most enjoy -- Cafe du Monde (justa three minute walk), Jackson Square (around the corner) and even Bourbon Street is less than a 10-minute walk. The next best thing about this hotel is the staff. Both breakfast recommendations were perfect! We needed driving directions a couple times, and they were very helpful. We met the hotel manager as we were checking out and you can tell he takes great pride in his place. This hotel has a charming courtyard which we would have enjoyed a lot more if it hadn't rained both evenings of our stay. The rooms are pretty small, but they are VERY tastefully done. Based on some other reviews, we requested a room off the courtyard and it was very quiet. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happytravelerkaty
<Content>Cute, comfortable, and quirky! I really loved this place. Reading the reviews totally freaked me out, and I went thinking uh oh, I need to rebook upon arrival! But no...it was so conveniently located, in the heart of it all. The staff were so helpful and kind, if a bit understaffed.The room was perfect! Cute, overlooking the street, with a huge flatscreen TV with a gazillion channels. It was small, but perfect for me. Cozy.Loved the garden, so many places to hide and sit and chill.A few minor negatives: the lock on the door was funky, I had to make sure it closed properly. They charge you for internet and a lock and a phone fee, but when I said I didn't use any of them they immediately erased them, no problems.Cheap place!! I payed $60 a night, such a sweet deal. I HIGHLY recommend this place.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>vanenglish
<Content>Stay here again? Maybe. This is a sweet little hotel with a great location on Decatur Street, across from the Natchez Landing and overlooking the Mississippi River. Its furnishings and decor are charming; the exposed brick walls in the hallways and guest rooms lent a nice touch of rusticity to balance the silk dupioni draperies and jacquard bedspreads. I learned a lot by staying here, mainly, what I'd insist upon if I were to stay here again. First, the traveler should know that most of the king-bed rooms have no windows. No one told us this, and we were rather surprised when we checked in. There were no windowed rooms available that night, but we were able to move the next morning--literally, next door. The second room was larger and since we were on the top (fourth) floor, we had a view of the river. We also had a few other things we didn't bargain for, including the blazing sun, which was constant throughout the day and if not for the heavy draperies and room-darkening shades, would've made our room uncomfortably warm. Another unexpected amenity was the nightly blaring music from the Hard Rock Cafe, which is directly across Decatur Street from the hotel. Of course, with a windowless room, some of this would be lessened; however, apparently no matter where one's room is, one can hear the squeak of door hinges. When we asked the front desk if the doors could be lubricated with WD40, we were told that doing so would require each guest's permission. There is a lovely courtyard (the only place in the hotel, incidentally, where we could acquire wifi Internet connection on our laptop, despite the fact that the hotel advertises free wifi, the implication being that its rooms have that amenity). Many rooms overlook that courtyard and have doors that open to balconies; so I would insist on one of those rooms for my next stay. A coffee shop off the lobby was under construction; that will be a nice addition when it's completed. The staff was friendly and helpful, with one exception--a certain front-desk clerk who worked in the evenings and who literally rolled her eyes every time I approached her with a question. We paid $70 a night for this hotel, which is a great deal for the French Quarter, and we were happy to patronize a city that certainly needs all the business it can get.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	2	4	2	

<Author>ocgirl
<Content>Cozy hotel Our room was 'cozy' (small by most hotel standards), but nice and clean. It did have charm with the exposed brick and the free standing marble sink. Problems - the toilet seat was not attached and kept falling off and the safe did not work and would not close. We were not there on a busy weekend, so we requested a room change. They offered a room without a window, so we declined the change. However, they did fix the toilet. The bed was comfortable. It is within walking distance to just about everything in the French Quarter which was very nice. We might stay there again, but would like to try other hotels as well.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>CKCsmile
<Content>Interesting-Good Location The hotel was very busy and staff was great. When we got to our room the door frame looked as though it had been kicked in and the door would not lock. Called down to the front desk and they said they would send someone up. I explained that it did not appear to be a simple job. We left to eat and when we came back the guy had fixed our door like new! The courtyard is pretty, room kinda small and the furniture could use to be upgraded. I spoke with several guests and it was funny because some of them apparently had GREAT rooms and others not so great. Perfect location, safe area. Will go back..(not so great for kids)  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>Americanochka
<Content>Cozy room, great staff! A friend and I recently stayed at the French Market Inn and had a lovely time. It was right before Mardi Gras weekend and everything was crazy but the staff was able to cope really well. They were all very nice. I'm afraid we forgot to tip the doorman and I felt horrible. I thought we'd have another chance and then didn't see him again. The room was small with no window, but it's NEW ORLEANS. we spent maybe an hour in the room besides sleeping. Who cares. The room was clean and cozy. The flat screen TV was great.  The internet was out for much of the first day we were there and once it was fixed it was weak in the room. This is really the only imporvement I could suggest. Get some more routers. The location really can't be beat and the price was perfect. I'd not printed my online reciept which caused an inconvienience for the staff, but in the end, the nice woman behind the counter (on 2/16) gave us the internet price. The night staff was also helpful with directions and they were all cheery and helpful. This hotel has a lot of New Orleans charm and a personable, accomodating staff. I'll definitly recommend it to my friends headed to the Big Easy.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>4Kittnz
<Content>Adore the exposed brick room This hotel/Inn has great character. The rooms that face the river receive morning sun and have exposed brick. Albeit, the rooms are nice but they are small, which we did not mind. The staff is fantastic and we requested to be moved twice and they did it without any hesitation. The beds are comfortable and the sheets are soft. The only reason I did not rate the Hotel as 'excellent' was because the A/C was running in the hallway...burrr and it does take the water some time to warm up but no worries you will have a hot shower, just give it a minute or two and it would be in their best intrest to provide the Doorman with a uniform, I thought the Doorman was part of their cleaning staff. For the price ($75.00 a night) you get quality beyond expectations. I have stayed at the hotel twice and I will stay their on my next trip to the French Quarter. If you want to know nice places to eat just ask Lance, he is a great wealth of knowledge. I would also suggest that they have some sort of rewards program for loyal clients. The did have a wonderful cafe next to it but is was gone during this trip but we were informed that a new coffee joint will be established soon.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>jmalcolmr
<Content>Good experience I stayed in the Inn twice in the month of Nov. while in N.O. for business. A wonderful experience ! I loved the history of the hotel, which 1 friendly staff member took the time to explain to me. The lobby is a little small, but the courtyard is gorgeous,clean and romantic. The lady at the front desk was overly kind and even ran into manager while checking in and he was very welcoming and seemed geninuely concerned about my comfort during trip. Returned 3 weeks, later with my wife, and found the same pleasent treatment. Rooms were clean and spacious. they seemed recently renovated. The location is right in the middle of everything,yet room was quiet. and had a relaxing feel to it.... Hard Rock Cafe is across the street and Cafe Du Monde and Jackson square is 3 blocks away. Bourbon street is 3-4 blocks away. I would recommend this hotel and plan on staying there again during Christmas holidays.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>buckeyeguy142
<Content>Stay Away Where to begin first no continental breakfast and no complimentary cocktail as stated on the internet, no airport shuttle. Staff spoke very little english and then spoke to each other in some other language in front of you, didn't know if they are talking about you or plotting to overthrow your tour bus.Headboard from the bed fell off the wall and landed on us while in bed, lots of holes in the wall where headboard was on before must have fell several times before, maid service ( what maid ) good luck on getting even towels.They blamed everything on other people they used to have contracts with, then be honest with your website, would have requested another hotel but travelocity had me on hold for 30 minutes and then stated they could not longer contact the hotel because hotel phones were out of service  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thebeerhunter
<Content>It's OK...but know what you're getting in to       renovated room - shower  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>mindywella
<Content>What a weekend Our daughter wish was to be marry in New Orleans, La. After seeing the Historic French Market Inn on the internet we decided to contact Tiffany from sales and a contract was done at the hotel for 7/22/06, and the rates for that night was $99.00. We were guarantee if you book early you would get the room type requested, this was not so. We had 40+ rooms booked for that night, we had friends and family that booked also on 7/21/06. There were problems and complaints as soon as the guests started checking in. Rooms were not what they requested, rooms were so hot because the air conditions were not working, no phone service, bugs in rooms, new big screen TV's were not working( but they had remote controls), TV's that worked (did not have remote controls), guest were sent to rooms that had no fixtrures in the bathroom, some rooms had no running water, carpets dirty and stained, and my sister complain that her phone worked but would rang every 5 minutes, rooms were not cleaned had to switch to find another room, leaking ceilings, no continental breakfast and no complimentary cocktail as stated on the internet, odor in rooms were bad. The whole weekend was a disaster for most!!!!! Our concern was the rooms that had no windows and no phone service!!!!! What if a fire had started!!! If the reasons is because your all are renovating than don't book rooms that are in the terrible conditions, reviews since 12/04 states these complaints. Guests were switch from room to room in order to make the rest of their stay as comfortable as possible. Some of the employees were very nice and bellboy Ivan was nice and helpful. We would never recommend this hotel to any one.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	4	3	-1	

<Author>Irish_Willy
<Content>Treated like Royalty at The Historic French Market Inn New Orleans: The Historic French Market Inn: Wonderful Experience!Date: August 11th, 2006Reviewer: A TripAdvisor Member, New Jersey, USA It's been a month since we've returned from our trip to New Orleans and having spent 3 nights in The Historic French Market. We thought that the treatment we recieved was super spectacular, just think about it, a month later and we are still willing to write this letter and are still very much filled with the joy and pleasure that we experienced while at the hotel. We just had to let you know how wonderful the entire staff treated us with such care and concern for our well being, not to mention the extraordinary proffessionalism they all displayed with everything else going on around them (restoration work). We can only imagine at this point how much better it would be when all the work is done, and believe me, we can't wait to return to find out. Absolutey one of the best stays we've ever had at a hotel. We would also like to especially acknowledge two individuals that extremely went out of their way to accommodate us with every single little detail, The Front Office Manager (Layne Jewell) and a Front Desk Clerk (Franklin De Leon). Everything was great about our stay at the hotel and if anyone is looking for a pleasurable trip to New Orleans, The Historic French Market Inn is the place to stay.Sincerely,William  Digna Morris  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paulaprindy
<Content>We LOVE New Orleans!! We just returned from a fabulous weekend in New Orleans. My husband and I love the feeling in the city and promisd we would go help out the economy as soon as we could! We were very pleased with the hotel. Staff was VERY friendly...never had any staffing issues. We wanted extra pillows and the front desk girl apologized and told me there were no extras, BUT she let me go into a room that was vacant and take the pillows from there! The courtyard was charming and much cooler than the streets of New Orleans. There was no pool as stated but there is a pool at a nearby hotel to use. We didn't use but heard from kids that it was great! The AC is each room is controllable BUT they're on sensors...so once you leave the room the AC goes off. After walkig the streets in 100 degree weather, you come back waiting for the COLD blast . Once you walk in the door the AC goes back on. It's actually very energy conscience! Johnny's PoBoys is right around the corner on St. Louis .....it looks marginal BUT go for it! EXCELLENT breakfast and lunch and Super people who work there!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magical at the French Market Inn New Orleans: The Historic French Market Inn: A Wonderful History Adventure!Date: July 17, 2006Reviewer: A Trip Advisor Member, Whitney, Texas   We have just returned from a week at The Historic French Market Inn, New Orleans. The hotel is a dream come true and we have never experienced in such a historical building with more history that you could ever imagine. It was so wonderful to experience a hotel that cared that much about their visitors and treated us like family. The staff was always helpful and gave great suggestions on places to go and dine. We had peace, tranquility, and were pampered at this hotel. We stayed on the fourth floor above the court yard in a beautiful room (5 stars +). Every morning we were greeted by the staff with a smile and helpful advice. Our girls are 10 and 13 and they enjoyed it. They enjoyed the special treatment and attention that was given to them each day. The location in the French Quarters is out of this world. We were close to all the historical buildings, activities, shops, and restaurants. The restaurants were top notch. We paid $99 per night for a room which we thought was an excellent value. There were 2 double beds so the four of us shared. Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in on holiday and we travel a great deal! I recommend this hotel and city to any family.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay       The Courtyard  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CypressPatterson
<Content>All things considered, it was ok Considering that most of New Orleans is still reeling from Hurricane Katrina, I was very excited that the French Quarter itself is in EXCELLENT condition for tourists. Plenty of places to stay, to eat (yum!!!), to drink, to shop, to have fun. The Historic French Market Inn on Decatur street is a great location. Our room was on the first floor near the lobby, so it was a bit noisy. Let's get the bad parts out and over with: It was challenging to get hot water and it never was as hot as I liked it, the shower head was loose, the towel rack and toilet paper holder were both loose, and the remote had a dead battery for the TV, and a screw was missing on the plate for the door lock, but the door did lock ok. That's pretty petty stuff in my opinion. Here's the good stuff: The room was very clean, well appointed, flatscreen plasma TV on the wall, and the bed was comfy and cozy. Lots of pillows. I liked how the room looked. There is some renovation going on and it's going to be quite lovely when they're finished, I think. I LOVE NEW ORLEANS! It meant so much to me to be able to visit this wonderful city again and spend some $$ down there. The economy need it. For us, this hotel's price was right and we'll probably stay there again if we can get a rate like that again, but we will ask to stay somewhere else besides the hall by the lobby. The location cannot be beat. You're in the heart of all the action, and there's a big parking lot for your vehicle across the street. Warning, though.... they don't have a sign hanging outside! We drove around the block twice and I finally got out and went in the door with the address and lo and behold, it WAS the hotel. There is just no exterior signage. Maybe the hurricane blew it away??? Anyway, try a visit to New Orleans soon!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JohnCWilmington_DE
<Content>A Huge Disappointment We stayed for the second time at the Historic French Market Inn during Easter weekend of April, 2006. Our first experience in April of 2002 was excellent; however, this one was not. I need to preface this by saying that New Orleans has certainly had its share of challenges since Katrina and we took that into consideration when we decided to visit. We had booked our trip before Katrina had struck and chose the French Market Inn based on a previous good experience.Our visit started by calling the hotel from the airport to let them know they we had arrived early due to the airline changing our flights. Even though it was well before the 4:00 p.m. check-in time (10:45 a.m.), the desk clerk said our room was ready. When we arrived, the desk clerk was nowhere to be found instead a woman identifying herself as the Executive Housekeeper, said the room was not ready and the best she could do was 1:00 p.m. After pointing out that we were told our room was ready, she was unyielding and rather than continuing to argue, we checked our bags and went out for lunch.Upon our return, we checked in. At that point we were told that housekeeping would be once or twice a week due to a shortage of personnel and that the continental breakfast promised was no longer available. There was of course no reduction in the price of the room even though the service was reduced.When we were shown to our room, we were immediately assaulted by the smell of cigarette smoke, even though the room was supposed to be non-smoking. The staff sprayed the room with air freshener, but this didn't help. Once again, we were patient and decided to buy a vanilla candle and an air freshener to get us through our stay rather than switch rooms.The room was small and noisy, although it was decorated nicely. It was a challenge to get towels and sheets because of the personnel shortages. On two occasions, I went to reception and got my own towels and sheets and my wife and I changed the bed ourselves. The biggest disappointment was that the courtyard and a lot of the rooms were under renovation. This eliminated the continental breakfast area and took away one of the hotel's highlights, that of being able to sit and relax in the quiet courtyard.I spoke with several other disgruntled guests who had similar complaints including lost reservations. It was clear to me that the management of this hotel was asleep at the wheel. I would recommend that anyone contemplating this hotel chose somewhere else. I have written a letter to the hotel's management, New Orleans Fine Hotels, to complain.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>traveltodd32
<Content>Excellent Inn for the price..... After Checking in...the staff was great...the room was outstanding...the bed was a little harder and flat than I like....I'm more of a pillow top person...the court yard is GREAT and easy feeling...but the pool...well..is very very small...but the location of the Inn is perfect..your steps from the clubs and steps from shopping on Cannal or gambling at the Casino....I liked it and Im going back over Easter....So this is a great hotel for the price.Todd  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Pleasant Experience I recently stayed at the hotel  I must say that I was a little apprehensive after the reviews that I read. However, I was pleasantly surprised. Our room was very large  the staff was very friendly. There was a misunderstanding about the housekeeping. We didn't realize that due to post-Katrina conditions that housekeeping was to be every other day. I do feel that it should have been relayed when making reservations. However, I don't feel that it should reflect on the hotel or the staff. When I called the front desk, not only did the head of housekeeping come to our room, but she brought 4 other girls to our room to take care of it. They did a wonderful job. The hotel  its staff are making the best of a difficult situation  under the circumstances, I feel that they are doing a wonderful job. I had also read that the courtyard was beautiful  I would have to agree. We had to walk through it to  from our room  it had a great ambiance. The location was also great. The hotel is located only blocks away from Jackson Square. I would certainly consider staying here again when I am hopefully able to go to New Orleans again next year.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing, Anything But!!!!!! I'm currently staying at the Historic French Market Inn and as I sit in the plush courtyards sipping my hot coco, enjoying the weather and talking to the lovely staff as they pass in front of me with a huge smiley face, all singing good morning!!!. So I decided to use my laptop while taking a break from my usual itenerary to write a special note to the staff and management of this hotel. When I went on Tripadvisor (while using the free WiFi) I read some not so good comments, but mostly all were great. I was dissapointed my self that some guests would have the audacity to say anything deragatory. I have had the most wonderful experience since I arrived and I've been here 3 weeks now. The truth is - if you like personalized service and you are just a breath away from visible managers and staff, then this is your hotel, forever...If you like big, boxy hotels where you are just another number, then this is not for you. This will be my home away from home...MS  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome new colors! I just wanted to say that my stay at the Historic French Market Inn was an incredible one. I am from Texas and what great hospitality they provided during my stay. I was so impressed with the level of professionalism the staff had and with what strides the hotel has endured post-Katrina. The hotel itself is being renovated and it shows incredible progress. This is my second stay here and I know that this diamond will soon flourish to its full potential. Thank you for a great experience. I love the new colors!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing stay at the The Historic French Market Inn My husband and I have stayed at this hotel on several vacations and in the past have been pleased. However this weekend was an exception. We reserved a room with a queen-sized bed and were both surprised to see a tiny bed when we opened the door to our room. My husband checked with the staff who assured us that this bed WAS the queen. We are not large people and we had to sleep right next to each other all night. Also our room was in the hall with the lobby and VERY noisy. Neither of us got much sleep because the staff and drunken guests were talking outside our room all night. Other things that bugged me: Only two towels and no washcloths. Also a visible box of rat poison in the corner of our room. Ew.To be fair this visit was post-Katrina and the hotel is probably working with a smaller staff etc.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The rats the rats the rats!!!! The French Market Inn Hotel - New Orleans LA. I was told this was a full functioning hotel. I understand the problems after the hurricane but again was told this was full functioning. Other hotels in this area were functioning at nearly full capacity. There was barely running water, what water they did have had a smell of gasoline and just drizzled a small stream. No covers were provided and there was no air. The rats in the courtyard scared me to death and I was afraid to go to room, I had to walk past them every night I am mortified by rats. When I finally achieved some rest, dreamt of trapped and dying dogs and cats and the rats trying to get into my room. The garbage was piled to the sky and should have at least been moved away from the hotel to keep the rats at least to a minimum. The man at the front desk was rude, and cursed profusely all the while on the phone while I waited to get into my room. The first night I waited nearly two hours to get into the room. No one was at the front desk.After doing rescue work 14 hours a day, I needed rest desperately but was never able to get a good rest in this hotel. One night about 2 am the night desk clerk, a black fellow about 6'4 banged loudly on my front door, I raised up and said what the hell is going on and opened the door. He said he forgot I was in the room, he then left.  Very frightening and strange experience. I luckily found another hotel and thank God could finally take a shower and get a good nights rest. The owners of this hotel should have never opened. There were other hotels in the area that could have accommodated myself and my rescue crew, we found out days later and thankfully we were finally in a clean safe place.  D.B Atlanta GA.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>survivors and heroes I planned an end of summer trip to new orleans with friends, and we booked at the french market inn. when we arrived the hurricane was approaching, but in new orleans the party never stops. when the airport closed we became alarmed. the staff was great- they gave us letters with information, directed us where to buy supplies, and the managers were present throughout the experience. It was comforting to have them there. The managers got us out of the city by pairing us up with a departing couple. If they repoen we will be back. Morty, Anastasia, and James- thank you!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible Hospitality during Katrina My Wife and I stayed at the french market hotel during the last week of August just before Katrina arrived. The management and staff was extremely helpful in getting us information on what to do. We even had 2 letters in the room with information about the storm that was approaching New Orleans, they thought of everything. It is my hope that you are all fine and find yourselves safe from this enourmous disaster to your beautiful hotel and city. We hope to return one day in the future.Thanks for everything.Melbourn Vincenti  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Before Hurricane Katrina My husband and I booked online and chose the French Market Inn because of it's location. It wasn't until AFTER I had already booked and paid that I ran into this page and read some of the comments and ratings. My husband and I were coming to New Orleans to celebrate our 33rd anniversary the first week in August. After reading the negative revues I must admit to a great deal of worry concerning the hotel. But, my DH reminded me that it couldn't be any worse then some of the name motels we'd stayed at that were absolutely nasty. We need not have worried. When we opened the door to room #317 we were delighted. Yes, I understand some of the rooms were still to be remodeled and some people may have had a less then perfect experience but as far as we were concerned The Historic French Market Inn was wonderful AND the staff were wonderful. After the devastating effects of Hurricane Katrina on New Orleans who knows what the future holds for the French Quarter. I hope the FMI did not suffer damage. It would be a real shame because my husband and I were looking forward to coming again in the future.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CockneyBrum
<Content>Great location, Loved the Courtyard! We enjoyed our stay here. The location was excellent. I personally wouldn't bother with the cocktail bar apart from the complimentary drink. The rooms are big, but in need of a lick of paint.Make sure you either ask for a room overlooking the courtyard or the river.The only thing I didn't like was that I was forced to pay a local telephone charge on checkout - even if I wasn't going to use the telephone (like I know anyone in Louisiana!)Recommended  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>poseypeggy
<Content>Good Experience Stayed at French Market Inn in June of 2005. Had a great room just off the courtyard. It was quiet and clean and well appointed. The staff was great and helped us with a medical problem. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jerijanep
<Content>Great place- needs some rennovation but they are working on it. I just returned from a stay at the Inn. It was wonderful. Anyone who has said that the staff is unfriendly must have not had the same people i did. The manager Anastasia was wonderfully helpful. We had a small problem with some preauthorization on our credit card and she had it taken care of for us immediately. We also had a problem with our safe but the staff helped us out without any complaint. The concierge at the front desk is great too. I recommed the Napolean House and the Snug Harbor restaurants. Both were recommened to me by the concierge. If you are looking for good music don't miss out on Frenchman street. There is an abundance of clubs and great local music. The only complaint i have is that if you book a tour with the concierge, please make sure BEFORE you get in the van that the tour people haven't messed up and put you on the wrong tour. I got put on a van to the swamp. I live in SE TX and see swamp daily. SO we took a van to the swamp and then turned around and got bussed back to the hotel. They did give us our money back but it nearly ruined the vacation. If I hadn't been so pleased with the hoteal and so relaxed I might have gotten VERY upset. Just don't sweat the small stuff if you want 4 stars go somewhere else but if you want a quaint taste of New Orleans- stay here. The rooms are being rennovated now but ours definitely could've used new carpet. I wore shoes at all times. Other than that it was great.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Downtown Treasure Every summer in New Orleans there are some small festivals downtown for locals. Each year I stay at a different hotel for White Linen Night. This year I picked the French Market Inn. The hotel has mixed reviews- but thats because it is not traditional at all. The rooms are scattered among different buildings, and a romantic winding courtyard ties the hotel together. There is a tiny lobby, ecletic, but so New Orleans in regards to decor. The rooms are small, and are located down narrow halls with lanterns lighting the way at night...but this is what the French Quarter is about. The staff was excellent, full of stories about the history of the property- and excited about the restoration of the buildings. I will be putting family up for New Years at this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Location In a recent stay at the Historic French Market Inn, I was very impressed. Previous reviewers have criticized it because they are currently undergoing construction and that because of this it was overpriced. However, you are getting an excellent deal when you stay here and if it wasn't for the construction we would never have been able to afford a stay in this beautiful hotel. It has a beautiful courtyard perfect for eating lunch or enjoying a drink. Also the location is perfect. It is just a few blocks from Cafe Du Monde (the place for breakfast) and several blocks up from Bourbon St (an experience in itself). Also it is just across the street from the Mississippi River. If you've always wanted to stay in the French Qarter and couldn't afford it, hurry and stay here before the price goes up. Its a beautiful quaint inn.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bigred
<Content>Mardi Gras Stay Stayed 4 days during MG05. Had a room off the stairwell. The room was probably too small for the two beds that were shoved in there. The bathroom was also rather small. However...For a MG stay, the location is excellent, the prices are not bad, and the facilities are certainly acceptable.There was quite a bit of construction going on while we were there. Can't wait to see what has happened, as we do plan to stay there again in '06...  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredibly friendly staff! My husband and I just returned from our New Orleans trip and though I don't typically write reviews, I felt that The French Market Inn deserved a pat on the back for their job well done! We arrived on Thursday evening after a very long day of traveling and were welcomed by the friendliest staff I have ever met! We had traveled to New Orleans with our dog, Tucker and were so pleased that Tucker was greeted as if he were a visiting king. The concierge, Debra greeted Tucker with a head rub and hug and Charlie (bellman) quickly gave us directions to a wonderful park for walks. Every morning Charlie would greet Tucker by name, pat his head and hold the door for him as we left for the park. We travel quite often with our dog, but The French Market Inn is one of the very few hotels that made us feel truly welcome with Tucker. For this we will stay at the French Market Inn every time we visit New Orleans (with or without Tucker). Granted the hotel is in the process of renovating, but the staff more than makes up for any inconvenience a remodel may cause. As an interior designer, I felt the future furniture selections and designs (which are displayed in the lobby) looked wonderful and we even already had some of the new items in our room. The wall mounted, flat screen t.v. even impressed my husband. Kudos to The French Market Inn for the high quality staff, great location and lovely hotel! Keep up the good work! And Charlie, thanks for all of your help and kindness!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Traveler Beware I have visited New Orleans many, many times and by far this was my most uncomfortable stay. Many amenities were poor or unavailable. There was NO hot water; cable tv was out; we were charged for a room safe which maintenance confirmed had not been programmed yet, the air conditioner was not working properly and the street noise was unbelievable!!! Worse yet when these problems were addressed with the staff they seemed almost indifferent. The Inn was obviously in the middle of renovations but that is not a valid excuse for all these problems and it seems they could compensate their guests in some way for the inconveniences.  For the novice visitor- the atmosphere of the Inn is indeed New Orleans charm and the staff (although indifferent about these problems) seemed friendly enough. However I suggest you search for accomodations within the Quarter away from Decatur Street.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>brandyrisinger
<Content>Inn needs improvement We just came back from a stay at the French market Inn. I had asked for a courtyard room and was delighted to see we got one when we checked in. This is where the excitement ended. Our room was next to the pool in a room that faced the storage closet for the pool and construction supplies. The room was dark and depressing, the window did not shut and the beds were almost on top of each other. I immediately asked for a new room and was given one on the fourth floor that faced Decatur. This room had more windows and wasn't as dark, but the overall feel of the room was tired, worn and old. The walls were scared and the baseboards were chipped. The bathroom had porcelin peeling off the bottom of the tub, the toilet was not anchored to the floor, and the carpet was coming up in several places. I was not expecting the Omni when I checked into this hotel, just because your hotel is old, it doesn't mean you have to be dirty. I had at first thought the $4.95 telephone charge was a New Orleans thing because we had been charged that at the Cotton Exchange. It is not a city thing it's a cheap hotel thing. There is also a $2.95 safe charge that you can get out of if the safe doesn't work, don't worry neither safe worked in either room we were in so we got by on that charge. The complimentary drink is at a bar two doors down called the VooDoo Lounge. The bar is nice and we enjoyed our time there but, be careful of the day bartender, she makes up drink prices and she is very bossy and needs to retire. The cafe next door where you can get your $1.99 breakfast was fabulous, the owner is usually in there and his sandwiches are the best. We ended up checking out a day early because my mother could not take the dust anymore. We had to argue and threaten to cancel the credit card to get out of the room. When you check in there is a long list of hotel regulations you have to initial, because they know they have a problem with their amenities and rooms. Lastly, look other places before you decide on this hotel, it isn't Old New Orleans, it's we have some furniture from the eighties that we're trying to pass off as antique.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>travelinglady2005
<Content>Not bad! Had a comfortable stay! I stayed 4 nights at the Historic French Market Inn, and for the price it was not bad at all. The first night I was in a windowless room, and the next day I requested a room with windows, as I am very claustrophobic. The lady who works the front desk(who I think is named Cynthia) was extremely nice, and got me into another room although she was swamped with about 70 reservations that Friday afternoon. She took the time and made sure I was happy with my room. The staff is very helpful and friendly, Hi Charles! true they are remodeling, and I got a glimpse of a room they were redoing and it was tiny! but the location of the HFMI is great! Close to everything! My room (the second one) was very roomy, had a large bathroom, plenty of hot water. If you stay here and they give you a room you don't like they will do their best to find one to your likeing! I hear the newly remodeled rooms have nice flat screen TV's. I would stay here again, definitely! It is not the Ritz, but then you don't have to take out a loan to stay here either!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service with a smile! I have visited the French Quarter over dozen times over the past few years. Many of the hotels seem largely indifferent to the tourist because they know there are always more coming. However, this was not my experience at the French Market Inn. From the moment I checked in, despite being obviously busy, the clerk at the desk worked quickly, had my car parked (I would not be needing it; one can walk to most any place in the Quarter faster than he find a parking spot near where he wants to be anyway.), had me on my way in no time.However, problems do arise from time to time. The A/C in my room stopped working altogether the next day. However, since it is New Orleans, I did not notice this until 2am! Tara Jones, working the desk that night, quickly offered me several different rooms, set me up in one,  insisted that I call her once I was settled into the new room just so she would be sure I was happy. Remember this was at 2 am. No one should be as happy and helpful as she was at 2am.Also, as a visitor to a new city, the traveler relies on the hotel to answer questions about where to go, eat, etc. Willard Smith, a member of the staff, took very great care in ensuring that I knew where I was going after I asked about a particular place. In fact, the following day, Mr. Smith met me in the court yard. In passing he asked if I had found the place alright, did I have fun, and did I need for him to do anything else for me at that moment.I have not received that level of truly personal service from a hotel that is priced so competitively  placed in such a great location...only a short walk over to the craziness of Bourbon Street or an easy stroll right to the edge of the Mississippi.Thank you Ms. Jones and Mr. Smith. The trip would not have been the same without your help!Sincerely,Dr. Lee K Traxler  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Mixed Bag.... My wife and I were very scared when we read the reviews. seeing we had already reserved the room and did not want to lose a nights stay canceling($85), we sucked it up and took a chance on the french market inn. The Good1. Room did not smell - We apparently got a recently remodeled room and it smelled like paint not mold. 2. Room had a large wide screen plasma TV 3. Room was attractive, about the size I expected4. Plenty of towels5. good water pressure in the shower after i tweeked the shower headThe Bad1. Either a scalding hot shower or freezing shower (you don't get to pick either)2. Lots of mosquitoes in the room (no matter how many you killed)3. the a/c did its own thing sometimes good sometimes bad (HOT)4. I could not talk my way out of the phone fee (i begged at check-in)5. Construction would wake you up at 7AM (hammers mostly)6. You can hear the people in the next room really well (they were loud when they got in so we retaliated with some late night noise of our own..)All in all it wasn't horrible, you get a discount at the coffee shop. And the staff is freindly and eager to help. We went in expecting the worst and found- A Mixed Bag  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tired, Worn, Quirky, but still fun Wonderful location, convenient to everything. Charming courtyard and a respite from the tired, overused and dreary rooms. Some staff were excellent, others far less. Bellmen were hard working and attentive. Stephanie and Veronica at the desk went above duty to be helpful. Concierge staff do not work for the hotel, but a management group. Very strange and not very helpful. Parking is horrible and valet service almost as bad. Expect an hour wait for your car, but there are very few choices. Telephone in room only worked a third of the time, despite numerous complaints. Room prices are reasonable, and I guess that's what keeps people coming in. And they do--almost always sold out. I was glad to be checking out and felt sorry for the frustrated travelers checking in. I knew their problems were just starting. But New Orleans is fabulous--great food and enertainment. A must is the cajun dancing at Tipitina's (Tchopatoulas  Napolean)!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Filthy and rundown My husband and I stayed here in March of '04. After checking in, we were led through the lobby, down the hall, out the back door, and there, right in a dirty, noisy alleyway was the door to our room. The room was so small you had to squeeze past the bed to get the door closed again. It was hot, noisy, dark and dirty. I am usually pretty easy going, but I actually cried at the thought of staying there even one night. We immediately called other hotels looking for a room but they were all filled to capacity due to a convention that was in town. After several requests, the front desk switched us to another room. It had a better location - off the courtyard - but was still extremely ragged and very, very dirty. The only thing housekeeping did every day was tuck in the blankets on the bed and change the towels. The sink was never cleaned, and the floor was not vacuumed once.I wouldn't stay here again at any price, even given the great location. Dirt is not ambience.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>midnightrider99
<Content>Even with the construction, this isn鈥檛 such a bad place. Needed a hotel to put some friends up, as our travel plans were changing. Was looking on-line and need a hotel close to the hotel I was staying, because the hotel I was staying was booked solid. I was hesitant to put my friends up here due to the all the bad reviews I was reading on this site. My budget concerns won out over the concerns for my friend鈥檚 comfort and book the Historic French Market Inn. Due to my job, I travel quit a bit. I鈥檝e stayed in some really nice hotels and some hotels that use roaches as doormen. After reading all the post, I was expecting a real dive when I checked my friends in. I was pleasantly surprised. The service was good, rooms were clean, and the hotel has a Wi-Fi hot spot, but for a price. I had booked 2 twin beds, but was given one king size bed instead so be careful about that. I complained, but due to the Jazz festival going on, the only option was to take it or leave it. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The construction going on didn鈥檛 help, but they were working very hard to keep their customers happy. The room was on the top floor, had a skylight, and quite cramp. I spent a lot of time enjoying all New Orleans had to offer, so the room served the purpose of holding my stuff and a place to rest my head. At first I thought it was a nice touch, but it didn鈥檛 help the next morning when you try to sleep in after a night of partying and have the sun beating down on you. Also, the hotel is kind of close to where the Steamship Nanchez docks. So you can kind of hear the whistles blowing and the music it plays, which may also prevent you from sleeping in. Overall the room and location was great and I had a great time in New Orleans.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bleh, what a disappointment.. My husband and I stayed here for a quick trip to NOLA and regretted it greatly. It was noisy and dirty and small and nasty. You see these two beautiful pictures on most sites of it's beautiful courtyard, well that's about the extent of it's beauty, I can promise you that. Add to the price of the room about $35 in fees and you have the actual price of the room. They reel people in with their cheap price then tack on a crapload of random charges at the end to push the price up. Parking? FORGET IT. They don't voucher and the closest parking is across the street in a lot for $20/day. I will never, ever stay here again. Besides, I don't think it will be standing much longer, from the looks of it, it is about to fall down.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>ECharlotte
<Content>Wow, what a Putrid  This hotel was comprehensively Vile  Nasty in every aspect. We left a day early  will attempt to get our money back for the 2 nights we did stay. At Check-In, I asked for confirmation of the rate, she said she could not pull it up  had no access to it because it was made on a 3rd party site. I showed my print-out from the hotel's own website, and she stood there speechless  helpless.All hallways are under construction. The charm of the various levels quickly gave way to dank smells and non-existant lighting  signage. All carpet, bedding  furnishings were revolting  sickening,  needed replacement 10 years ago. The 1st room they offered us had a trundle bed  large whole in the unpainted drywall. The next room offered had bedding that was like a dirty old summer-camp blanket. The bed was thin  felt 3rd class. The carpet wore down to the wood below, exposing TV  Phone Cables.The bathroom ceiling leaked  flooded the room 1 night. The toilet overflowed the next morning. Nothing like a quarter inch of water in the bathroom  carpet to make guests happy.The courtyard has a nice look from the pictures, but it has no air-flow  is just a pit of humidity  lots of bird-droppings. The pool swims 1 comfortably.The private, contract valet service took 10-25 minutes to retrieve our rental car, stored off-site in another part of the city.Their 'generous' offer of telephone service for only $5/night was patronizing. Geez, just call it a tax  be done with it. The front desk seemed relatively indifferent to the issues each morning. We'd come back a few hours later  find out no one had done anything, not even documented the problems to begin with.One young couple entered the hotel  asked to view a room prior to staying, we advised them to leave immed...  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>construction site My wife booked this hotel via the internet in January to attend a wedding which happened to be on during the second weekend of jazz fest. The quoted rate was $250/night. We arrived in the afternoon and stashed our bags to wait for a room to be available. Returned about 5p. We were given their best room by the receptionist. We tried to find the room, but ended up stopped by stacks of drywall and construction debris in a stairwell. We had to turn back to the lobby to get new directions and ended up in a tiny room that was in the midst of being renovated. One half of the one window was plywood, the room was tiny and not much bigger than the queen size bed, and had unpainted drywall in the room/closet. Called the front desk to ask for a new room. They said none were available, and anyway the other rooms were in a similar state. My wife was just beside herself and very upset. So we called 15 other hotels on this very busy weekend in NO. We ended up at the Fairmont which I do recommend, for not much more money. The management promised a full refund of the room charges because of the state of the room, but ended up reversing only two nights. At $250/nite, it is not worth $25/nite. So now it is a credit card dispute. I can not say strongly enough, do not stay there. Do not consider staying at the French Market Inn. The place is awful, and the staff and management will say or promise anything but will not follow through with proposed fixes.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nightmare on decatur st stayed here for memorial wk-end. reserved king bed w/ bath tub. upon arrival, was told no king bed available. although we got confimation for king. was sent to room 210, two double beds, very limited space to move around and the a/c did not work, transferred to room 246, no tub just shower, had 2 queen size beds and no space to move except for a small space between the beds. the next morning, we moved to a king size bed with bath tub. this was room 444, what a nightmare. the tub would not hold water, the toilet did not flush, most light bulbs were blown out, the hot water held for all of about 5 minutes. talk about a miserable bath after having been in the french quarter all day. and lets not forget, the a/c stayed on all night although we had cut it completely off at the thermostat. we froze to death all night. we both woke up sick the next morning. they said it was controlled in the room next to us. what? who's ever heard of this? when called about the toilet, we had to request service twice and the lady at the next was none too happy. the only way to flush the toilet was to raise the tank lid and manually pull the chain. what?????? yes this was a true experience in the french market inn. and yes the parking, we had to walk w/ luggage for 1 1/2 blocks from the parking garage to the hotel. and upon check out, just our luck it was raining when my husband went for the vehicle. they did however allow us to pull to the front to load the suit cases. and then there is the t.v. service, what a joke, something like 5 choices, if i remember correctly. the only good thing about this hotel is the staff, other than the lady who answered the phone on the toilet call. the staff are awesome, its too bad they don't have a good hotel to work in. they just work there they don't own it. i had to remind myself of this very often. i bet they hate all the complaints they get which i can't imagine the number of. if you want a good hotel take advise from a frequent new orleans travler and stay at the olivier house on toulouse. awesome place. everything works and staff are very couteous. will never stay anywhere else again. and it cost less than french market inn. all in all, paid way toooooo much for this place. never again  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>it was great! i had read the reviews of this hotel before i went and was kind of nervous about it. but i thought it was wonderful! there was a little problem with my room but they got that fixed really fast, and actually gave me a better room than i had reserved for for the same price! everyone was helpful and charming and had great personality. the room was nice. infact, we learned from a book that our room was haunted! we didn't get the haunted experience but it was really fun to know. the location was great. the little bar down the way where we had free cocktails was great too. the bartender was super sweet. also the adjoining cafe had some great pastries! the courtyard was very lovely. the parking space for the hotel was kind of creepy at first but we left our car there for 3 days and nothing happened to it. i really can't say anything bad about this place. had a great time and will definitly go back.the only thing i can figure is if you're some hoity toity older white person that wants some 5 star hotel and resteraunt where everyone is fakely nice to you then go somewhere else.  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Moving in the right direction I stayed at the French Market Inn recently with a group of friends who all flew into New Orleans from different parts of the country. Once a year we rendevous, so we spend lots of time selecting out destination and accommodations. The reviews on this hotel were mixed, but the location paired with the rates was reason enough to give it a try. Upon our arrival we were disturbed to see evidence of construction, but after the staff went through all of the restorations they are making to these historic buildings, as well as showing how we would not be disturbed- it just added to the ambience. We were only steps from many wonderful stores and great restaurants. I would recommend this friendly hotel to anyone who does not expect a holiday inn type layout or experience- but does want the unique character and charm of New Orleans present in their accommodations.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Hotel in New Orleans We just returned from what should have been a great time during the famous Jazz Festival in New Orleans. From the start of this trip the hotel had screw up's. We arrived, having made reservations 3 months in advance, to the wrong rooms, and ended up paying 250 dollars a night for some of the guests in our room to sleep on air matresses!! The staff is curteous but clueless about everything, including the assistant manager. The service was terrible, they didn't follow through with any of their promised compensations for having to sleep on air matresses. The only saving grace of this review is that I have to give this hotel at least one yellow dot for a rating. If at all possible, try to stay somewhere else as New Orleans has many other wonderful choices for accomodations.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation, terrible checkout I had planned for a vacation to New Orleans for several years before it finally became a reality. Due to inclement weather elsewhere in the US, common occurence during springtime, flight was delayed and instead of arriving around 10:30 p.m., it was 1:30 a.m. Desk was manned, and a bellman present to carry my heavy luggage to the third floor, after he finally found the room - literally carry since there is no elevator in that section and the stairs go straight up! I told both the desk clerk and bellman that I hoped it would be an easier departure than arrival since I had to be at the airport for a flight leaving at 6:00 am (I arrived Fri night and was leaving Wed am). The bellman told me that was his day off but that I could make arrangements at the desk. The stay was ok, stairs were tedious to manage, and concierge were knowledgeable and pleasant. The evening prior to checkout I spoke with the bellman about help in the morning and he told me he was off duty at 10 pm but would tell the night man. No signs anywhere stating no one would be on duty at the desk or bellman. My taxi arrived at the appointed time, and when I came down the driver was in the lobby alone - no one at the desk. I knocked and banged on the door to the office(?) and finally a young woman answered (out of uniform) and told me she would meet me at the desk where she informed me sleepily that there is never a bellman on duty at that time and that I would have to bring down my luggage myself. She offered to help but when she found out it was heavy withdrew the offer, and at my assistance made a couple of calls to see if she could locate someone. She told me that since I was late on arriving my room had been given up since they thought I was a noshow (what? It was prepaid!) and that I could have asked for another room at any time. (It was a Holiday weekend, and to my knowledge the hotel was filled). I asked for her supervisor, manager, etc and was told that she handled all problems and had no resolution for mine. It took me almost 1/2 hour to bring everything to the lobby and by the time I arrived at the airport, my flight was boarding! I worked the evening I departed and was returning to work as soon as I landed that day and never have I been so rudely and discourteously treated and basically told that everything was up to me! I have dealt with the public and customer service my entire working career and have never been trained nor treated anyone in this manner. Obviously this hotel chain, of which there are several hotels, do not care for anything other than the prepayment of rooms and do not bother to train personnel nor see that there is adequate staff. What happens when there is an emergency? (The front door is unguarded at night - the courtyards and passageways unsupervised - surely the homeless and transients in the area are aware of this. Another issue entirely). Neither have any level of hotel personnel responded to this issue except to return my email unanswered. I shall return to New Orleans again because I love the beauty and the history and have not seen everything I want to see, but I will not stay and will do my best to let future clientele know that New Orleans Fine Hotels, of which Historic French Market Inn is a part, does not care about the assistance and safety of their guests, does not provide the basic services one expects, and does not inform guests of services not provided. Unhappy senior citizen  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>BobandMonet
<Content>Lot's of Quirkiness! We spent five nights on a Romantic Rendezvous Package at the HFMI. We were greeted with smiles and efficiency at the front desk.. (loved Stephany!!). The concierge was a hoot and knew exactly what Nawlins is all about! Yes there was construction going on, but at no time were we bothered by it. In fct, the construction workers were very nice!!. Our room was 433...a king bed, 3 windows and a nice couch and lots of space! The only confusing thing we encountered was the shower. In all our years of traveling, we have never seen a contraption like this... to make it work, you need to pull the diskdown from under the faucet to make the shower work. The court yard was great, free cocktail everyday from the bar and you cannot find a better location! We did find that most of the restaraunts in the quarter were quite pricy, but head down to Hueys 24/7 on Magazine (Right out of hotel front door, walk down decatur, cross canal.... 24/7 is on the left of magazine....best place in N.O. to eat! Give HFMI a shot.... you will love it! Dr. Bob  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>williamtwo
<Content>Cold, musty rooms Stayed there right before Mardi Gras began - Feb 13th - 15th of 2004, as weekend getaway with my other  better half. We are a couple in our mid-thirties. Room was filled musty and moldy air. Room also had its thermostat in the hallway which people would adjust hourly, but it did not matter since heat did not work and room was below 40 degrees. Beds were very unconfortable with very worn mattresses. Repeated attempts for new room with heat were met with we are sold out.Be sure to ask for room with a thermostat in the room.My girlfriend booked it via Travelocity and we were given a very small, damp, musty room with 2 double beds. My 6 foot 1 frame was not comfortable my entire stay.The bar was nice and cozy however with friendly staff, but did not make up for the room.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Needed a facelift The room we stayed in was on the 3rd floor, was only slightly larger than the queen-sized bed that occupied it and had no windows. The room was dark and the hallways that led to it were very dark, cramped and dirty. The bathroom left a LOT to be desired as many of the floor tiles were broken, the sink was in terrible shape and there was no way I would ever consider actually taking a bath in the tub. When we went to check out, we had to wait an hour as they were terribly inefficient and had two people checking everyone out. Added to all of this was the fact that they have numerous additional usage charges for everything from the safe to the phone in your room whether you used it or not. Definitely not worth the money even if the location is great.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>CenlaTraveler
<Content>Be very carefull Seeing all the previous reviews for this hotel leads me to believe that there is a VAST difference in the accommodations here. If you book your room for the lower promotional rate (such as the Papa Noelle rate at Christmas), you will undoubtably be given low rate rooms. That's what we got during our last trip to New Orleans. The beds were really uncomfortable and the mattress sloped down at the headboard. The carpet was in terrible shape and had huge stains. The bathroom was a mess, too. The tub had mold around the faucet and the sink was horrible. Don't get me wrong. I absolutely love to stay places with character and a sense of history, and I appreciate the fact that anytime you stay in the Quarter you're going to have to deal with noise. But this place was just BAD. The only redeeming thing about the Historic French Market Inn is the location, but it's not worth the money.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>mcc0004
<Content>Time for an update?! But loved it! We stayed at HFMI a couple of years ago. Drove from Houston and had several friends that flew in from other states. It was my first trip to New Orleans, and had no clue where to stay. We were there to celebrate a 35 birthday and not looking for really high class rooms as we planned to be out most of the time.  We found HFMI absolutly wonderful. The staff was amazingly friendly and kind. Rearranged rooms for the entire party at the last minute. Gave wonderful tips for eating and drinking. Our room was charming. I.E...small, old, moldy. Basically exactly what we expected. But we got what we paid for. Our bed was uncomfortable and old. Perfect location for walking to Bourbon St. the casino, the square and the tours we took. I'm hoping to go back for my 10th anniversary next month and look forward to seeing the renovations. Not sure we'll stay there since this trip is quite different then the party-mode we went with last time.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Bad at All I spent three nights and 4 days in room 326 which was a double room overlooking Decatur Street. There were pros and cons but over all the pros beat out the cons.Cons: Balcony was a shared balcony with other rooms and was pretty rickety and unsafe. Balcony doors weren't well made so noises from out on the street were amplified as if the doors were open. There was no elevator. That didn't bother me much but might some people since you did have to go up two flights of stairs to get to your room. The fitted sheets didn't and you couldn't sleep on the bed without waking up with the sheets off the mattress, but again no huge deal. the place was under construction but posed no problem for room 326. It takes a while for the valet to get your car (10-20 minutes) because the lot is 10 blocks away. It's cheaper to valet than to self-park though. The lobby also had people there wanting different rooms about every time I was in the lobby. I think I got lucky and got one of the nicer rooms.Pros: Got a great deal in an online auction. Room was newly remodeled and was actually pretty nice for such an old historic hotel (hardwood floors with rugs, tiled bathrooms, chandelier, stand up shower but no bath, good plumbing, hot  cold water, room temperature was adjustable and fine). The courtyard was gorgeousbut I'd take the tiny pool out and add another fountain or something. The cafe attached to the lobby had great coffee and pastries and you get a discount there as a hotel guest. They also give you a free cocktail per guest at the hotel bar each afternoon/night. The staff was helpful. The MOST impressive thing about the hotel was the location. It was slap in the middle of the French Quarter and surrounded by fantastic restaurants. Unless you leave the Quarter, you'll never need your car. All in all we loved our stay at the hotel and recommend it. I know some of the rooms must blow based on comments I heard from other guests, but room 326 was fine and the rest of the hotel's amenities were excellent as far as I'm concerned. For the price and location, this hotel cannot be beat.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Intrepid Consumer
<Content>Great Ambience, Great Staff My firends and I have been attending university in New Orleans, and a recent birthday brought us downtown. This charming hotel has no two rooms alike, a beautiful courtyard, and Old World Charm not often found in the US. Our rooms varied in size and shape- but it was fun exploring this multiple building hotel that is cobbled together out of old Creole residences with a large courtyard functioning as a central hall. All they need are some candles in the courtyard at night, classical music in the lobby, and someone serving cocktails in the courtyard at sunset, and we would have never left! A knowledgable staff helped us to find local haunts that we never would have otherwise!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will Never Return to The Historic French Market Inn Stayed for 4 nights; room was dirty,shabby and noisy with no heat in 50 degree weather. Room service was random and to top it off the bill was padded with an extra $129 Room Revenue charge above the quoted room rate. Location was good though.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel for the Price My daughter and I stayed at the FMI and loved it! The room was newly renovated with a giant plasma TV and a great view of the courtyard. The housecleaning crew was amazing! My suitcase zipper broke 5 minutes after checkout time and I was allowed to browse the Flea Market for a new suitcase. I was very, very pleased with the staff and the room. The location was the best I had ever experienced. I plan on staying at this hotel for every trip to New Orleans. We stayed from 03/17/05 to 03/20/05. The parades went right by the front door and Bubba Gumps is very close. Not much room for laying out makeup, toiletries, etc, but we just set up the ironing board near the sink and made the best of it. Thank you French Market Inn for a great trip. I travel almost every year to New Orleans and have stayed at many places. This was the best so far.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Absolute Worst My daughter and I stayed for one night at the French Market Inn and, believe me, one night was more than enough! Our stay was before renovation started but I can't imagine how much money they would have to put into the establishment to bring it up to speed. The staff members could not have cared less about the complaints that were common from all the people gathered at the lobby desk to describe the terrible accomodations. We were ripped off for parking at the lot down the street that the hotel staff recommeded. When we complained, we got absolutely no results and I just wanted to get out of there. My husband and I are planning a trip to New Orleans in late March and there is absolutely NO WAY that we would stay at The French Market Inn.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>njkate
<Content>Look for A Different Hotel My husband, two sons and their wives and myself stayed at the French Market Hotel 02/10/05 through 02/14/2005. It is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.The rooms in the brochure are not the rooms in the hotel.Rooms are very small, construction for renovations going on with workers starting at 7AM.Ladies the bathrooms have NO vanities, there is no where to put your make-up, hair products, toothpaste etc.Housekeeping would take the dirty towels but not leave any clean ones.Calling the front desk was no help, they either did not answer or hung up on you.When my husband went to the desk in the morning to request towels again the lobby was full of extremely disgruntled guests, some to the point that they were checking out.Room safe....make dure you have one and it's in working order, if not have them remove the nightly fee of $2.95 from your bill.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK-depending on what you expect Stayed with friends in Novembere who had been here before. Really does seem that either you love or hate this place. Rooms appear to vary dramatically. Staff is very helpful and friendly. Because I am used to staying at much better rated (and much more expensive) places, I did not have high expectations. Our room was comfortable and the bathroom had recently been remodeled. However it was not the Ritz. A fire alarm went off at 1:30 A.M. (seems to be a common problem) and because we had a room next to the courtyard, we were unable to get back to sleep due to people partying after the alarm. Finally called the front desk at 3:00 and they apparantly told the people to quiet down, because we did not hear them again. Not the cleanest place in the world and can really use the remodeling they are doing. However not much different than I expected from a 2 star facility. Location does make up for a lot of the shortcomings. Probably would prefer to stay at the Monteleone or Omni next time. The thing that drives me nuts are the people who knowingly rent a 2 star room and expect to be treated like royalty at the Four Seasons. Come on people---YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!!!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worst hotel experience ever They were remodeling, so maybe it's just temporary, but we had no hot water until the very last minute of the shower. There was a damp spot on the carpet, due to the air conditioning/heating unit leaking fluid, that got bigger the longer we were there. Our windows weren't sealed and when it rained, water puddled in the sill even though we didn't even open the window. Part of the ceiling moldings were still not painted. Even though we didn't spend a lot of time watching TV, we found out that not all of the TV channels worked. We asked to be moved and were moved to the first floor next to the checkout desk. We heard every single conversation in the hallway at all hours of the evening and morning and, oh yeah, we had mice in the room. I asked to be moved again and had to wait a night because there were no more rooms available and they couldn't even set mousetraps for me either, since the maintenance man had gone home. We were finally moved again the next day and told that we would get a discount on the hotel rate. When it came time to check out, the manager wasn't there, so they didn't give me the discount. It's been a week now and after three phone messages I'm still waiting on that, even though I seriously doubt that it's going to happen. Generally speaking, the place was not exactly clean but the bellmen and concierge were friendly and helpful and the hotel itself is charming and convenient to a lot of places. But I have to say, in all honesty that this was the worst hotel experience I've ever had, and that's saying a lot since I once spent a terrible night with the flu at a motel in the middle of nowhere.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent staff. Mediocre hotel. I recently returned from a trip to New Orleans where I stayed at the Historic French Market Inn. I stayed there two nights. The parking was expensive and left a lot to be desired. The location was great and because the hotel was in the French Quarter, I was right in the middle of the excitement. When I walked in, I was greeted by a warm and friendly staff. What stood out most during my stay was the charming and well-spoken Front Desk clerk, Felipe. To my surprise, he was fluent in my native language which is Portuguese. He was very polite and knowlegable about New Orleans and tried his best to accomodate me in the best room available. Unfortunately the best available was a room that, although having a nice view of the quaint courtyard, smelled of mildew and had cracks in the ceiling. The furniture was well worn and the toilet didn't flush properly. Although the physical structure of the hotel wasn't up to par, the friendly and multi-lingual staff definitely was, and because of this, I might consider staying there again.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marysr
<Content>Give this one a miss if you can My husband, son and I stayed at this hotel in July 2004. I woudn't recommend it. When we arrived at the hotel at 4pm the room wasn't ready. We waited for about half an hour then were shown to a tiny room with no window. I felt so claustraphobic I asked to be moved. We were moved to another room with an open plan wash area. Not really suitable with our 16 year old son sharing the room! We were then moved to a room overlooking the courtyard. On the face of it it was very nice, but closer inspection showed it to be grubby. We had asked for a non-smoking room as well but this was obviously a smokers. By then we were so fed up we decided to stay put. We then discovered a very noisy air-conditioning unit which we couldn't turn off. We asked reception if someone could have a look at it for us but there was no-one available. Needless to say we got hardly any sleep that night. We stayed for 2 nights only. The courtyard was very nice, but the 'swimming pool' did not live up to it's photo. It was the size of a paddling pool!! The staff were very pleasant and helpful though. We did complain and were given a discount off our bill without any trouble.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paper Walls They really need to put insulation in their walls (noise). Our bed was slanted, our dresser was the entertainment center. Too many hidden fees. We paid about $200 more because of them. However, I did really like the location and courtyard. The staff was very nice.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Wayneml
<Content>Helpfull staff, great location We had originally booked to stay in another hotel, but we had a few problems and asked to transfer to the Historic French Market Inn. The staff were extremely helpful and did all they could to solve our problem. The location is great and is very close to all the sights of the city.We cannot comment on the state of all of the rooms but the room we had was great it was quiet and was of a nice size, which also overlooked the courtyard. Next door to the hotel there is a great coffee shop. Charles, the concierge, was also helpful, particularly with restaurant recommendations.HINT - If you want a larger room, then ask for a double room. The hotel is also going through a period of redecoration, which I was informed should be completed by Spring 2005.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jenpp
<Content>It was okay My husband and I go to New Orleans every year for our anniversary. We have never stayed in the same hotel twice, and this one was okay. It is in an ideal location and the coffee/sandwich shop next door is our favorite.As for the room itself, it was small, but pretty comfortable. I do think they could vacuum a little more in the rooms and in the halls. The walls are pretty thin; we could hear everything that went on in the next room.The courtyard was really lovely (no bird poop at all); the staff is very nice. If you're on a budget, and don't mind a 2 1/2 star hotel, this is the place for you.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE!!! This place is a real D.U.M.P. A virtual landfill of dirt, stink, and grime. The brochures we read described this place as a luxury hotel. It is not. It is a dump. Two mornings I woke up to the sound of the person in the adjacent room snoring. The fitted sheet continually moved toward the center of the bed. You could see out the window if you stood on a chair. The room was either hot or cold, never comfortable, and so on and so on. Evidently there are five parts to the hotel, and one room in five is said to be real nice. If you make the mistake of booking a room at this place, at least you have a one in five chance to get a nice room. Good Luck.Regardless of the room you get, There is a 100% chance the amount you will be charged at checkout will be different from the price quoted you when you make the reservations. Very strong unethical business conduct on the part of the management of this hotel.If you like to gamble, you have a 20% chance of getting a nice room, but you will pay the same if you are in the 80% that get a dump room. Don't expect to get moved to a nice room if you complain. they are always full, or at least thats what you will be told. Take it from someone who eudured three days at this dump, DON'T DO IT. This is the first time I ever booked thru Hotels.com and had to pay additional room charges when I checked out. Not the fault of Hotels, just unethical conduct on the part of the hotel. They will tell you they have a legal right to charge you the additional room charges, but legel or not, it is clearly unethical to quote someone a price and then raise the price at checkout time.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely Disappointing This was not my first stay at the Historic French Market Inn. The first time the room was okay. What do you expect from a building as old as this one. This time, however, the room they gave us was a dump! The door did not shut properly, there was a staple in our bed and a pin in the carpeting that had not been vaccumed in a long time. Also the room they gave us is off the courtyard that was covered in bird poop. I can say that the staff is great and the location is ideal. I suggest if you want to stay in the french quarter and are on a budget and willing to put up with the condition of the rooms stay here, the staff is nice. But if you want to be able to take a shower and feel clean or walk around in your socks in the room, pick another hotel.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jnine1812
<Content>Enjoyed our stay My husband surprised me with a trip to NO for our first anniversary. We wanted a hotel within walking distance of most everything, not requiring transportation. We were also very concerned about the negetive reviews; worried it would ruin our trip. This hotel fit our needs exactly. We had a lovely room that was clean and quiet. The staff was helpful and friendly. The water pressure left a little to be desired but that was very minor. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This visitors worst nightmare! Based on the Historic French Market Inn website, I made reservations for 8 nights. Believe me, the pictures on their website must have been taken in another century. It was horrid!We had a suite of rooms: living room, bedroom and kitchen. The french doors off the bedroom were nailed shut so there was no using the balcony. The ceilings were horribly stained (if you want pictures, I have pictures). The carpet was threadbare and filthy. We lasted 3 nights (only because we couldn't get into another hotel until Sunday) and went to the Royal Sonesta which was wonderful and cost much less. The last night in this hole we actually had someone come in and spray the floors with something (we assumed to try to cover the smell which was pretty bad). We have also stayed at the Royal Omni in the French Market and it is lovely. I would definately stay at the Royal Omni again as well as the Royal Sonesta but you couldn't pay me to stay in this dump again.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>People are really such whiners!!! We nearly didn't book this hotel due to all the negative reviews but after closer inspection we realized that people where complaining about some of the most ridiculous things. First off it's nearly 200 years old and you're going to complain about a crack in the tub or the size of the pool? Who cares? For us it was the most wonderful stay. The bed was HUGE and very comfortable. The courtyard was so nice, quiet and quaint, we sat and relaxed each night after we returned. The staff was some of the best we've encountered. Though I did notice they don't suffer fools well so if you're one of those people making a big stink or mentioning mice without even having stayed in the room yet then yes, they may not be all that nice to you. To us they were very very accommodating. We first received an interior room (no windows) and asked to the change it. They said no problem. And there really was no problem! The water pressure is weak in the shower and toilet (again... 200 years old people!!!) and the coffee shop you get a discount to is fantastic! We would MOST definitely stay there again. Soon we hope!So lighten up people... enjoy your vacation.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sacrifice amenities for location The hotel is very conveniently located. However, the bathroom in our room was in terrible condition. There was a huge crack in the bottom of the tub, as well as a soft spot. The water temperature fluctuated from a scolding temperature to freezing cold. It made taking a shower very unpleasant. We had a tiny double room with a window. There was no where to put the luggage. The staff was uninformed about the mass transit system and did not tell us about tour bookings that could be made through the hotel until departure date. On the last night of the stay a mouse was running around the room. There are thermostats in each room, but they do not control the room temperature. On hot days it is hot in the room and on cold days it is cold. I would not make a return visit to this establishment.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2004
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The camera does tell lies This hotel desrves 200% credit on clever PR work. Based on the romantic pictures in the website we actually booked it for a week. On reading these reviews we beat a hasty retreat and got out. We rang up to see if we could be guaranteed a room with a window, and free of varmints. Nothing could be allocated until arrival, and they just laughed about the varmints.We spent a great week in another hotel but visited this one for a laugh. it was well worth while and amused us no end. We just walked in the doors and wandered all over without a problem. half the building is a construction site. The swimming pool is the size of a children's sand pit - about 7' x 5'. It even carries a warning about the dangers of using the 'pool' when no lifeguard is present!!! From the courtyard at the back it looks even scarier. We read that it has a ghost but we think a ghost would be scared to stay there. Protruding from every outside window is an airconditioner you would see in an ordinary house- pity the rooms with no windows!!. Seemed to be quite a few budget people around it - but mostly around reception - maybe trying to get out. The brochure is really appealing and makes you want to believe it. Pity it has a long way to go.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst stay I have had in years Had one of the interior rooms with no windows. Room had no A/C and heat was always on (the thermostat was broken). Complained to front desk three times to no avail. Finally they admitted the heat and A/C can not be independantly controlled for each room. It is heat only during colder months. Sounds ok until the temperature tops 80 degrees with no windows to let out the heat. Asked to be moved but were told no other rooms were available. Bathroom dirty with six layers of caulk. Sink did not drain. Maybe another room would have changed the experience, but I could not advise anyone to risk the stay.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as Bad as Reviewed The people who have stayed in this hotel simply must not be accustomed to New Orleans. This is not a tourist trap hotel. This hotel is a wonderful stay for those who love to party and who love the French Quarter. If you want a fuddie duddie, over the hill, I go to bed at nine oclock hotel then go somewhere uptown.This is the French Quarter!!! It isnt going to necessarily be pretty, bouqueted or ever quiet. If you are the type person who loves the european essence and the new orleans atmosphere, then this is where you need to be. It is in the center of it all and thats what counts the most. If you enjoy new orleans like you should you will be glad its near walking distance of everything.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gives historic a bad name We wanted to like this place, but from the outset it was bad news. We had to change rooms and would have changed again had they had any decent ones available. The first room had an air conditioner stuck on 55 degrees regardless of thermostat setting, then the staff tried to blame it on us. Our second room had ants and a dangerously slick bathroom floor and tub. Neither room had windows. A morning fire alarm highlighted the fact that the place has few fire exits, one of which was blocked by laundry carts. They have $12/day charges (unadvertised until check-in) for unlimited local, national and international calls and for the safe. The swimming pool is a glorified hot tub. The deluxe continental breakfast is a few pastries and hot drinks. Even the staff acknowledged that management does not care about the property. We have been visiting New Orleans for 10+ years, have stayed in places that run from budget to deluxe, and have never had problems with a hotel until now.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty good This is a great bargin hotel! Right in the middle of everything you want to be close to. Super cute courtyard, nice rooms. Not the fanciest place to stay in New Orleans, but the best bargin! I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.BUT due to other reviews, I called ahead and requested a room with a window and two beds. My room was very spacious and quiet.I loved it!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the location The location was perfect. You have the river right across the street, a few blocks away you have Bourbon Street, Jackson Square is to the left and you have shops and restaraunts all around you.Its an ideal location, you really are in the center of the French Market. The hotel was clean and employees were friendly and willing to help with anything. The idea that its haunted was also a perk.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the French Market Inn The nices staff in New Orleans. My husband and I have now stayed 2ce, this last time due to a hurricane. The staff made sure we were taken care of and had everything we needed for our short stay. They more than made up for the fact that we couldn't go home when scheduled. Our last stay was longer and just as wonderful! Love the coutyard and the buildings.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>12cgtv
<Content>Good Place to Stay If you get the right room, it is a great place to stay,we had a big room 2 windows ,big bath, TV with many channels. You get one free drink a day at the bar,and when I checked in I told them I will not pay for the safe,they said OK.If you eat in the room you will have a mouse in the house.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This Hotel is HORRIBLE. DO NOT STAY!!!!!! We stayed during a conference in may, We were so tired from the flight that we unpacked and fell asleep. The next day we found that our granola bars were nibbled, then we spotted it, a MOUSE. We pulled the chairs back and there were crumbs all over the place. It was as if they were feeding them. We told management and they said well it this sort of thing does not happen often, just about once a week. That night we turned on all the lights and the TV and still at least 3-4 MICE kept coming out through the walls. To top it off a big cockroach was crawling on the ceiling. At three in the morning we called all the hotels in the area looking for a different one. We found one and at 6am we packed our bags and spent the rest of our vacation at the beautiful Hampton Inn.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cassienacra
<Content>Beware Hidden Charges I would love to give the French Market Inn a great rating. It's in a perfect location, just steps away from the French Market, shopping, Riverwalk and the Mighty Mississippi. The courtyard, although a little shabby, was charming, with little fountains, lots of shade, wrought iron tables and chairs, a swimming pool (which we mistook for a hot tub because it was so small), and a very courteous staff. The irksome thing, however, was being told upon registering that we would be charged almost $7 in additional fees for a phone and room safe. Since I had booked online and was told I was 'paid in full,' I disputed these charges vehemently. The manager eventually waived the fee, but it was really an unpleasant and energy-draining hassle. In addition, the website that charged my credit card indicated that I had a 'deluxe' room reserved. But they told me they had no deluxe rooms available and gave us a regular room with no windows. The manager said he could not reduce the price of the room, although he did offer a voucher for a bar tab at the bar next door.I stay in New Orleans frequently; however, I would not stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would give it a ZERO star if I could We booked 4 nights in November 2003 to attend a conference. Two adults of us, and the first night this hotel put us into a windowless, one double-bed room with virtually no extra space to unfold our carry-on luggages. We complained immediately and they simply said no other rooms available. And the room was $200 per night pre-tax, pre-expense. The towel rack fell off on its own about 2 minutes after we moved in, scaring us unexpectedly. There was an iron board but no space to use it anyway. This room was right next to the cafe at ground floor and staying inside you could hear EVERYTHING happening at front desk, corridor, or on the street: people talking, phone ringing, cars passing by etc. It was our first time in life realizing what it meant to be NOISY; even when I was taking night calls at hospital it was much quieter, period. We couldn't sleep at all the whole night, and complained to the frontdesk at 2AM, 3AM, 4AM, hopeless trying to ask the night manager to lower his voice of chatting over the phone (they were not even any reservation calls as we could hear every single word he said). Let alone people using elevators (directly opposite our door), walking toward courtyard (always had to go in front of ours), etc. After this terrible first night, we were FURIOUS and talked to the new frontdesk person (I guess it was weekend so they had shifts). She finally admitted that the room we used was a renovated STORAGE ROOM and should never be used as a guest room!!!! She found a new room available facing the presumably much quieter courtyard. We checked the room and indeed it was virtually noiseless with a king-size bed. However, we completely lost our confidence on them and tried to find another hotel. We were fortunate enough to find the help of a local Holiday Inn branch which referred us to another Holiday Inn nearby (rooms were highly booked because of several simultaneous conferences). We tried to negotiate this terrible night out but all the Historic Inn could offer was to give us about 20% of discount. Anyway we were just too tired (completely lack of sleep the previous night) and wanted to get out asap. We checked in into the Holiday Inn, same price with quadruple the size of room and king-sized bed and absolutely quiet. STAY AWAY FROM THIS TERRIBLE HOTEL. This is the most DISHONEST place I've ever been. I wish I can find a local Better Business Bureau to report them!!!!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was good Went to New Orleans for my 21st. I was worried about the hotel expeirnce runing it for me. This hotel turned out to be really good. It has a small court yard that was nice. There really isn't a pool, its more like a hot tub. There are signs reading vending machine behind pool. Well there are no vending machines. The room had a nice big king size bed. It smelled good and looked clean. we had a coffee maker and ironing board with an iron. Bathroom was nice. A few holes in the wall but nothing big. We were charged a extra amount for the safe and phone but you can keep money and jewelry in the safe and make all the long distance and local calls with out paying more than $3 a day. Location was great! a few blocks from Bourbone Street, Harrah's, aquarium and the french market. This Hotel was really good.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it - True French Quarter aura If you are wanting to really experience New Orleans, this is a wonderful hotel! Yes, the rooms are a little smaller, but keep in mind that it was built in the early 1700's! (It was turned into an inn in the early 1800's when these rooms were considered large!) I'd been looking forward to visiting New Orleans for a long time, and I wanted to feel the history and the European feel, experience the beautiful courtyards, and stay in the French Quarter close to everything, and I couldn't have been more pleased with The Historic French Market Inn, especially with the economical price! And it's the perfect location! Yes, there were a few additional charges for the safe and the phone, but I was able to make unlimited free long distance calls, which I thought was great, and the free cocktails each day certainly offset these minimal fees too. I requested a room with a window, the beds were very comfortable, and the outlets worked. The staff was very nice, and they were happy to share the history of the hotel with me. (Even about the ghost activity, which I'm happy to report I did not experience firsthand!) I would have to agree that to call the whirlpool a pool is a little misleading, but just sitting in the beautiful courtyards was enough for me! And regarding parking, we parked in a lot on the block right behind the hotel, and only paid $15.00 the first day and then $7.00 each additional day. I mean come on, it's the historic French Quarter, and I loved not seeing big lots of concrete by every building! (Okay, so I did have to wonder about the valet parking, but it definitely didn't ruin my trip!) I've already recommended this hotel to many friends and look forward to staying here again as soon as I can get back to this beautiful city!!!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SpiTrav
<Content>A pleasant stay After reading some the reviews I was a little apprehensive about staying at the French Market Inn but we had a very pleasant stay. Charlie, the bellman, was very helpful as were the front desk people. Our room (400) was small but clean and cool - plenty of hot water, too. I would recommend this for the location - near to French Quarter, Aquarium, Casino, shopping. We had no problem receiving our free drinks at the pub and discount on coffee at the cafe next door. The pool really is just a wading pool for children - but they enjoyed it.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not stay here!  The only nice things about this hotel are the location (French Market) and the courtyard (forget the pool). So pack a tent and stay in Jackson Square. Do not believe the information and advertisement on the web - all make-believe. The rooms are half the size of normal rooms. Check-in is listed on the web site and the room doors as 3 pm. The Manager pretends that it is 4 pm - but more like 5 pm. Then there are the charges not mentioned on the web site or when booking a room 鈥?$3.99 for the phone and $2.99 for a room safe. It doesn鈥檛 matter if they are used or not. Cleaning is hit or miss - more miss. Used coffee bag in coffee brewer was growing fungus. Outlets do not work. Shower water is either very hot or cold - no warm. Thermostats do not function. Hey, but the manager was nice and was always smiling.   
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved the Historic French Market Inn We stayed at the French market inn during the french quarter fevestival. We stayed in room 201 which had an unbelievable view of the river front. the room had a balcany and two queen beds. the room reminded me of an expensive antique shop back home. the rooms were a little smaller than the standard room and i couldn't have a complaint in the world. the staff were very informative. it was our first time to new orleans and we didn't know anything about the city. we were able to stop at the front desk and ask any question and they always had the answer. they recomended the best resteraunts and reserved all of our tours with the best companys. the hotel is not a hayatt or hilton but the perfect spot for a romantic get away. when we arrived we parked our car and didn't see it until we checked out. every thing was in walking distance and the tours picked us up. the next time we fly in we wont rent a car it wasn't needed.  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bmoactress
<Content>We loved the history of the French Market Inn My sister and I stayed here for 6 days in September, 2003 and had a great time. We were thrilled with our room which was bright and clean and huge. We also liked the fact that we were overlooked the river and could hear the boat whistle from the paddlewheeler. It was convenient to everything but away from all the noise and partying on Bourbon Street. We were disappointed that the hot tub wasn't that, it was a cool whirlpool which we decided not to use; however, on the whole we enjoyed our stay here very much. The staff and front desk were very pleasant.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't do it!!! I really don't even know where to start with this one. I'm so glad theres a way to warn people about this place. My husband and I stayed this past Dec for almost a week. I literally cried every night. First our room was not ready when we got there, we flew in from southern California and my husband was in shorts and flip flops. We had to walk around for 3 hours in dec. (it got chilly after 5) The only thing that got us through those 3 chilly hours was that they told us we were getting upgraded to the presidential suite. Oh my goodness! Talk about a major let down. You know things are bad when you ask to be moved out of the presidential suite. The bathroom was filthy, the bed was awful, the living room had a sofa that I had to pull my husband out of because it had no springs. There was a dirty orange kitchen from the 70's and to top it all off there was a horrific mildew smell and no windows to open. You could here the loud music from the gift stores ALL night , that got really old. I'll wrap this up by telling you we moved rooms almost every night, and probably looked at 10 all together and it never got any better. I had to blow dry my hair in bed because it was the only outlet that worked. We also learned a valuable leason that time, since we booked through Expedia, we were not able to get a refund in order to change hotels nor was the hotel able to at least give us a rate reduction. All in all, I wish I had done a little more research. The sad part is, that the manager and the staff were very nice, but that isn't enough to counter how bad this experience was. Don't be fooled by the lobby, its the only clean thing in this hotel. Stay somewhere else!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>False advertisement After viewing the other comments I would say that the key in whether or not you will enjoy your stay is in your room assignment. They probably have about a handful of nice rooms the rest are trash. I personally seen four different rooms and neither one I would consider worth any price. We booked at this hotel based on the advertisement and information on the web. Don?t believe the photos totally false. The outdoor pool is more of a Jacuzzi measuring about six feet by six feet and about four foot deep. There is no valet parking you have to park yourself around the corner if there is room. The $15 a night sign for parking is also false, the price is $17.50 plus tax a night. There are hidden room charges that will be added to the bill - $3.99 plus tax for the phone and $2.99 plus tax for the room safe. It doesn?t matter if they are used or not. The rooms are small, dirty, smelly, toilets did not always work, tubs with large rust stains coming from the walls into the tub, no water pressure, non functioning thermostat, everything is slated because the building fountain is sinking, there is no lounge, I could go on, but you get the picture. Definitely not a place to come to at the end of the day unless your drunk. Go somewhere else, we will next time were in town.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a Great Time! I booked this room through hotels.com for spring break, and was apprehensive about staying. We stayed from March 14 to the 18 in room 218, and we thought the hotel was beautiful. It's very quaint. The rooms were nice, the courtyard was beautiful! The hotel is very conventiently located in the middle of the French Quarter. We were within walking distance of the mall, Harrah's Casino, the aquarium, Cafe Du Monde, and Bourbon Street. The staff was great. The only problems we had were several unexpected charges. Parking was $17.50 a day. There was a $3 charge for a safe and a $4 charge for unlimited calls (we didn't have use for either of those). In all, the extra charges added up to more than $100, including parking for four nights. We would definitely stay here again, though.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Happy with this beautiful Historic hotel I had read the bad reviews here but had gotten good reviews from a few friends, so away I went and booked the Romance Package. Anyone who knows me, knows that I am the organizor and has to have everything to plan. We arrived early (as I had planned) and were able to pre-check in and our bags were stored until check in time. We had time to explore a little and have a mid afternoon snack (crawfish, alligator and bloody mary's at the French Quarter Cafe' definately the best). We arrived back 30 minutes prior to check in time (4pm) and was taken immediatley to our room. Charlie the day Bellman is great. In fact everyone there is extremely helpful. As we are from Mobile and get there quite often we didn't need much info, but witnessed all the staff giving detailed info and instructions to people first visiting New Orleans. The Inn is quite clean. Did not see the first bug. Our room faced Decatur and was directly above the VooDoo Bar, so it was quite noisy considering it was the weekend before St. Paddy's day. But we are young and don't mind, by the time we were finished with walking all over the French Quarter and drinking Bloody Mary's from the VooDoo Bar we just fell into bed. We even got to enjoy a small St. Paddy's Parade from our balcony. I definately reccomend this Inn. It is quite quaint and we defiantely enjoyed the ambiance of the Old French Quarter. Sitting in the courtyard at night is wonderful. I am disappointed that I had no ghostly encounter, but did get some interesting photos for all the ghost hunters out there. The small cafe downstairs is Awesome!!! The Cassandra Brie is my new favorite, honey ham, brie and fresh pear Oh, My... If booking a package, I would strongly recommend that you arrainge reservations. We managed to squeeze into the courtyard at the Jazz Brunch at the Court of Two Sisters but some quirky sense of fate and had made reservations from home for Olivier's ( Go here for Dinner, you won't regret it!) Our trip was great, no unexpected surprizes or charges.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and really nice room We booked for Mardi Gras and the room was kick ***! The location right on the edge of the French Quarter made for easy walks to everything. Nola's, Johnny's Po' Boys and other decent spots are right in reach. Our room was nice and I even had a run in with a ghost! Highly enjoyed Mardi Gras and the hotel!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sweetm
<Content>Lot's of Promise After reading all the reviews, I was apprehensive about staying here, especially since I was with a group, and had no say in choosing the hotel. I will say that I was happy with my room. Since I didn't expect much, I wasn't too dissapointed. If you don't count the unvacumed area between the bed and wall, beneath the window a/c unit the room was clean. The tub was not. My roomate and I bought flip-flops to shower in, so we were OK. Did I say shower??? That was a joke. The water pressure is fine until you turn on the shower, then you only get a trickle of icy cold. No matter if you have only hot water turned on, icy cold is all that came out of the shower. Maybe the resident ghosts play a joke on the guests. Thats what we told ourselves anyway. The beds were clean, and our room (409) was comfortable and quiet. We were on the top floor of our building and the ceilings are low, adding to the ambience. It is a shame things are so shabby, because the rooms have a lot of potential. The location can't be beat, but I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>don't go Booked through hotels.com, no refund. Stuck in a dirty dingy hotel. 1st room was #220, I could reach the door lock from the elavator. Room was so small, dark , dingy, moldy, we ask for and was moved to room #440. A larger room with some lights. Still dirty. Some light had shorts and would not come on. A/C vents very dirty. It could be very charming if only it was washed top to bottom and new carpets, and painted. Courtyards were nice. The pool is a joke. Surprize charges once I checked in. I still don't know why the hotel charge $17.50 to park in a garage the had a $15 sign posted at the entrance. The bellman said business had been falling and I know why. Maybe management can figure it out!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>True New Orleans style After reading previous reviews of this hotel my husband and I were very apprehensive about staying at this hotel. We decided to chance it because of the great location, and were happily surprised! We were treated like VIP by the friendly staff. The central courtyard gives you the true ambiance of New Orleans. We were even directed to a great locals only restaurant close by. As a former resident of New Orleans, I have to say this hotel is a true reflection of New Orleans lifestyle. Laid back with a touch of class!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved this place! My husband and I just got back from our stay at the Historic French Market Inn. I am a travel agent and I had read the reviews on this site. I'll admit I was a bit nervous about staying there. But we were on a budget and wanted to stay in the French Quarter. For the price we paid, I couldn't have asked for a better hotel! The courtyard was beautiful. The room was very nice. The employees were very helpful and always kind. The location was Wonderful! It was a very quiet location, across the street from Bubba Gumps, down the road from Jackson Square. I never saw a single bug (as opposed to what I read from another guest's review). To be unbiased, the only negative aspects were our shower didn't drain very well and sometimes we were up to our ankles before finishing the shower. Also, the rooms are not very sound proof. I could faintly hear the conversations from the people above us. Nevertheless, this hotel will give you a taste of the true flavor of New Orleans! If you are looking for a hotel that looks like home, stay somewhere else for more money. I would definately return to this hotel and recommend it to everyone I know.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be Afraid, be very afraid........ I stayed here for Halloween 2003, and it was a complete travesty. I reserved a room with 2 beds, I was stuck in a glorified broom closet with one bed and no window. My friend and I were forced to share a bed, and the staff refused to help. I was told if I wanted to switch rooms, I would have to sit at the front desk starting at 9 am, and wait for someone to check out. A male staff member stopped working and leered at my friend and I whenever we walked past (very scary, he had room keys!!!) To top it all off, EVERY day, at 10 am, the steamboat in the river played ear-splitting, god-awful calliope music for an HOUR! Don't think you'll sleep in here!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Cool Historic Inn OK~This is not the Hilton, the W or the Omni! BUT~if you are looking for a great experience in a historic Inn, this is a great place! Some of the rooms are older than others. The one we had was great! The entrance was off of the balcony, double french doors! We had a double, one mattress was old, a little sag, and the other was newer. But our AC worked, no bugs to be seen, bathroom was clean. My daughters had a wonderful 14th birthday in the Big Easy! And the few times we needed anything, Charlie was great. They told us that there are EIGHT buildings in the hotel, So if you don't like the one you are in, ask to be relocated! Also, I might suggest using the parking lot across the street by Jax Brewery. The guy running the lot behind the hotel seems to be a rip off. A slick character, pocketing the $$ Making up rates as he goes along. And for late night Pizza delivered, try Hell's Kitchen, 525-hell!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kcarp
<Content>LSU Sweet - Market Inn Sour Ok,I booked this hotel because I needed a room for the Sugar Bowl, days before we left. I will say this all the bad reviews you read about this hotel, believe them. This hotel is very old and needs alot of work. When we arrived my reservations were screwed up so we had one bed for 4 people, no other rooms. The lights didn't work, this was a very dark and dirty closet room. No hot water, the bed was as old as the hotel, sagged in the middle. They gave us a roll away bed, we had to shift the 100 year old bed just to make the roll away fit. Mold was everywhere. I will say this, the location is the only thing going for this place. One more thing, the people that post postive things about this hotel must be smoking crack! I would not stay here again if it was FREE!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - Greater staff!! My daughter and I just came home after spending Christmas at the French Market Inn in New Orleans. We had a very nice room with floor to ceiling window overlooking a lovely courtyard. What was most impressive to us was the attention of the staff. They didn't wait for us to ask for things - they asked FIRST if there was anything they could do for us or get for us - and they were ALWAYS pleasant and friendly. I have read lots of complaints about the system of phone charges; but if you make lots of calls - which we do - it's definitely a bargain!! Yes, we would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Do It Simply put, DONT STAY THERE. The rooms are the size of closets. Our air conditioner didn't work and were were in an interior room with no window. The toilet overflowed. The shower had no water pressure, the door knob was broken. What finally drove us over the edge was the fact that there is no valet parking so you have to utilize a garage around the corner which we did know in advance. On our 3rd day there we went to park the car in the garage and we were told they were full up so we had to go to their overflow lot which was 10 blocks away. We had called the hotel in advance and were told that as long as were were staying in the hotel we were guaranteeded a spot in the closer lot.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware! Absolutely HORRIBLE! This room was no room...it was an attic broom closet. The ceiling was very low, it was cramped, dark and dirty. There was trash and dirt on the floor, hairs and mildew all over the toilet and tub, trash in the ice bucket and an ENOURMOUS cockroach crawling across the floor! There was a huge gap between the door and the doorframe that I could look through right out into the hallway (anyone in the hallway could look right into our room!).It was very hot and stuffy in the room with a window air conditioner that did nothing to cool the room. We requested a crib and got no response as to whether a crib was available. Just as well, because there was literally nowhere to put a crib in this disgusting cubbyhole of a room.I was very, very disappointed and angry. This room should be condemned. I definitely do not feel that my family was safe in this hotel. It was a horrible experience and we will NEVER stay there again!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lots Of Character! My husband and I stayed in this quaint hotel for three nights, and we loved it. As with any hotel there are advantages and disadvantages. The location was perfect. Central to all the interesting places in the French Quarter. The River was just across the way, for some quiet and fresh air. The staff was great, even offered to drive us to a nightspot we were interested in. The rooms varied widely from acceptably charming to dumpy. They let us look at 3 before we found our spot. For the price, it was great.   
<Date>Dec 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Champagne style on a beer budget It appears most previous reviewers of this hotel either loved or hated it - I loved it. Very European in style - rooms carved out of real estate that was definitely intended for something else, the floor sloped a little, and yes, there was a tiny bit of mildew on the wall above the shower. However, it was quiet at night, very comfy, had very functional blackout drapes (important for late night partyers if your window faces east, like mine did), and the entire staff was friendly and helpful. It was also the ideal location for my French Quarter touring and shopping. While most of mid-December was a little too cool for enjoying coffee in the beautiful brick courtyard, it was still great for strolling and admiring the age and beauty of the buildings. I can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2003
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Definately Stay Again We stayed here over the Thanksgiving holidays and it was wonderful. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room did not have a window, but do you really go to New Orleans to look out your window?? The room was a nice size room. I will stay again.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again We were given a room on the 4th floor directly across from the elevator. All day and night you could hear the elevator door opening and closing as well as the conversations of people waiting for the elevator. Also, the room had NO WINDOW! One last thing, the thermostat didn't work and the room was freezing. I called two days in a row and asked to be switched to another room and was told both times that they were booked. Then, when waiting in the lobby to check out, the person behind the desk was on the phone telling whoever (manager?) how may walk-ins they had accepted the last several nights. WAY too expensive for such a shabby room!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2003
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Guest Beware! Have been to N.O. many times on business. This trip I decided to take a chance and try out the Historic French Market Inn in the French Quarter. This is what happened: Upon arrival, number of people in lobby complaining about their rooms to one person behind the counter. Warily, I went to my room which was right across from the maid's service entrance and work area. The room was filthy, poor lighting, very loud street noises. During the first night I had people hitting my window. The next morning I heard the staff come in talking about how the elevators were broken! I asked for a different room they said they didn't have any available. When I arrived back after work, maid service never came. They charge extra per day for phone  safe (even if you don't use it). They charge extra for late check-out ($30/hr). The second night I had a woman sobbing outside my door for 2 hours at 3:00AM! The last day, I had late check-out. When I arrived back at my room, maid staff was sitting all over the room, around my stuff, having a meeting! I refused to pay the extra charge since my room was being used. I feel sorry for anyone that stays here! I did NOT feel safe! It needs new management and maintenance! I will never stay there again!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IowaNative
<Content>Great European Charm This hotel reminds me of the hotels in Europe. The rooms are small, but only in comparison to the US oversizing absolutely everything. The room we stayed in was about the same size, if not bigger than the 4 star hotel room we stayed at in London  Dublin. Narrow hallways, balconies, hidden verandas and winding staircases really add to the charm of the old, historic building(s). A room with character and a history. Being we weren't planning on staying in our room any longer than we must (we're on vacation!) it was perfect. A place to put our things and possibly sleep. The courtyard was wonderful and somewhat romantic. Brick everywhere, music, falling leaves and fountains; made it the perfect place to have our complimentary cocktail(s) each evening. They hosed it down every morning, keeping it tidy and clean, for those that might have had too many cocktails the night before. And with it's great location you can't go wrong. Only 3 blocks from Jackson Square, right across the street from the river and 4 blocks from Bourbon street. The only thing I didn't like was the pool - that was a bit disappointing. Not that we had time to lounge around, but they should replace it with a hot tub or lap pool. We did have a slight 'haunting' experience in our room (327) which was a definite experience!! Definitely going back in the future - and would recommend it to those looking more for a cultural, historic experience.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never EVER Again!! We spent four nights at this hotel over Halloween weekend 2003. There will be about $6.00 of extra charges per night to use the phone and safe whether you need them or not. These charges were non-negotiable.Our room had some serious problems. Although cleaned daily by staff there was mold growing on the wallpaper in the bathroom, broken bathroom tile, unfinished renovations in the bathroom, broken window facing Decatur St., and the air-conditioning vent rattled all night. Between the sounds from the street and the rattling air vent we ended up sleeping with earplugs everynight.They provided no fitted bottom sheet for the bed but instead used a top sheet that twisted in the night and left the mattress bare. It was a very uncomfortable sleep.I do realize that the majority of the cost per night of this hotel is due to location. The hotel is in the middle of the French Quarter and very ideal. I was not expecting a 5 star experience but I was also not expecting to be completely miserable. I would not recommend this hotel. Pay a little more, trust me it will be worth it.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Stay! We went to the French Quarter on vacation and wanted the whole experience. This hotel has the true character of that. If your going to the French Quarter I think a person needs to keep in mind the age of the buildings and how they had to be renovated to make rooms for a hotel. So yes it has brick walls but if you look around the French Quarter a lot of the buildings are brick. We arrived on a Sunday and left that following Saturday. We did change rooms on Thursday but only because our first room was a little haunted I think. And after developing our film and seeing the lady in a bonnet in the window of our room we knew it was! We knew upfront about the safe and phone charges which we thought were great things to have. We used the safe and the phone. We had a wake up call every morning and it was on time. The courtyard was very nice. As for the pool well we weren't there for the pool. The locatiion of this hotel was the best. Grayline Tours Lighthouse and the Mississippi River is one block away, along with a streetcar stop. Bourbon Street is 4 blocks away. Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. is across the street to the right and the 2nd building. Jackson Square is 3 blocks down on the left. Location couldn't get any better than this in my eyes. The staff was great!!! Very friendly people. If you want the French Quarter Experience this is the hotel for you!! If you want a hotel without the French Quarter character find another hotel.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware of extra charges My family had 3 rooms on reservation. When we arrived, we were informed that each room had extra charges of $2.95 safe and $3.95 communitction access charge. I called 3 times and no one informed me of the extra charge for a safe and charge for unlimited long distance whether you used it or not. They had a posted sign in the lobby about it was according to Louisanna law. The rooms were okay, but the circuit for lamps and tv went out. My daughter who was upstairs had their ac unit go out one night. The electricity was restored promply when I reported it after the first night. The courtyard was enjoyable place to meet but on our last day one of the wrought iron chairs broke and grandmother and baby landed on the ground. I had ask for a late check out for one of the room so we could keep our luggage in it til we left. I was informed by the front desk that a mistake was made and they would like the room earlier. Forturnately, we were ready to go anyway. I will not stay here again. Mainly because of the extra charge and strange electrical circuits.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again!!!! My husband and I chose to stay at this hotel, for the 2nd time, on our recent trip to New Orleans. The first trip was reasonable, even if the room was microscopic, we at least had a window onto the street.This trip, however, after thinking I made special requests for a NS, room with a view. We were lucky we got a room I suppose, they were a little iffy when we checked in if we even were reserved. We were then escorted to our cave for the weekend. A room, with a very tall ceiling, and NO window. It was very weird, and felt like the Haunted house at Disney World. As if that wasn't bad, enough, after returning from dinner, we realized that our cave was right next to a nightclub. So we eventually went to sleep with the beat of the band. It was an awful hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ugh Beyond bad. Hairs in bathroom. Poor lighting. We checked out as soon as we found somewhere else to go.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>patty92106
<Content>Do Not Stay There! I would never stay at this hotel! My husband and I booked a room there, heard is wasn't a desirable place to stay, so cancelled within their cancellation policy and was still charged for one night! I am still fighting with them to remove the charges from my credit card bill. To add salt to the wound, they even charged us $149 per night when our price quoted was for $99 per night. Horrible management! I heard this before, now I know!!!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for your budget! I was a little leary to stay at the Inn after reading some of the reviews. We had a wonderful experience. We were not interested in paying $200 and up a night for a room we would be spending very little time in. This was perfect for us. We stayed 4 nights with an average price of $100 per night( weekends are more than mid-week rates). Yes the rooms are small and yes the wallpaper near the shower was peeling but everything was clean and neat. We saw no sign of bugs or dirt. You have to keep in mind that this hotel is in a building that is over 200 years old. Things are not going to be like they are at the Hilton or W hotels. The staff was great and the location is perfect. We will be back!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Our room had no window and had a broken dimmer switch, it was dark and dissmal. The closet door was broken and our sheets were stained and ripped. The bathroom was badly maintained and the toilet was unspeakably filthy. We changed rooms.The new room was the size of a walk-in closet but it did have a window and was fine. The bathroom wall paper was peeling off the wall, exposing a mold problem. The bathroom was not well maintained but it was clean enough. The dead roach and the mosquito swarm in our room were disconcerting.There was no continental breakfast. The staff would deliver tepid coffee and muffins from the coffee shop next door (quite good, if you go down to the shop yourself). The swimming pool was the size of a hot tub. There was no sign of the lounge or the work out room shown on the internet.The staff tried hard and they want you to enjoy their city, however they seemed over extended and poorly managed. Sadly this hotel seems to be a sinking ship. It is a shame because the building really is historic and has a lot of potential. The courtyard is pretty and could be beautiful. The location is excellent.PS Avoid the package tourist deals that hotel offers on the internet!! The hotel is not organized enough to make them work. Our experience with our package was horrible.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away I paid $129.00 to sleep with cockroaches. Unbelievable! I booked a room with two beds, since my husband and I brought our 6 year old (who had to sleep with us) since we received one queen bed. The room was extremely small and had a very dirty appearance. That evening, I turned on the light to the bathroom and 2 cockroaches were crawling back to the holes between the walls and floor. This hotel needs some serious maintance. I was going to complain and my husband informed me the front desk assistant manager had just bit the head off the other guest who had a minor complaint. So why bother.  
<Date>May 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We will be back! We visited the Historic French Market Inn for our first Anniversary on may 8, 2003. We arrived just about check-in time, and there was a bit of a line with people that had checked in, but were waiting on a room. The front desk personnel were very friendly. The Hotel was rustic and very much suitable for a building the 1700's. We were excited to see the history of the building, and the fact that it was haunted. The brick floors in the lobby, were pretty, as well as the lovely courtyard with all of the romantic lighting, and beautiful water fountains and plants. The pool was only 3 feet, and a bit small, however it was clean, and covered. We stayed in room 202. I liked the way you had to stepp up to get into the room from the hallway. Just another one of the timeless treasures! It was located just outside the elevator door on the second floor of the main part of the hotel. The room was above the coffee shop located next door to the downstairs lobby. The room was clean, and cozy. There was a bit of noise comming from downstairs when we checked in, but once we went to bed, the coffee shop had closed, so the noise had gone away. We did awaken about 9am to house keeping knocking on a door down the hall. The hotel was a great value for the location and cleanliness. We will suggest this to our friends, and we will definatelly try and return. This was better than the Chateau Sonesta (4star) that we stayed in for our honeymoon in 2002.  
<Date>May 19, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

