<Author>sunset61
<Content>Great find! I booked this hotel after finding reviews of it online and seeing some photos of it which made it look really boutiquey and different. I'd been to Barcelona before and was more than aware of the prices of the hotels on the Rambla and in and around that area and had heard that most of them are quite noisy all night with the noise from passing traffic, sirens and people. So, I took a gamble and booked one this one that was further from the centre but just a couple of stops from the Olympic village area and casino.It is about 20 mins walk from the central bus station and easily identifiable from a distance. there is a tram station right out front wihch takes you to the Olympic village and a metro station about 70 metres from the door that will get you into the city centre in about 7 mins.We had emailed ahead and told the hotel it was my birthday and so requested a corner room near the top with a view over the city. We managed a corner room about halfway up with a view that would have looked out towards the sea if was a bit higher! However, the room itself was great - floor to ceiling electric blinds, slippers and robe, his 'n' hers sinks and mirrors, bath and separate shower and great freebie toiletries that had everything you didn't know you needed and more. Great for us as we went with budget airline and only took carry on baggage! The minibar prices were also pretty reasonable and had a good selection of snacks and drinks. We also had a safe which was a real bonus for tickets and passports. You also get a hard back book with guides to Barcelona style and culture, maps, etc. Really useful. Only downside was the view of a building site outside. You can't help these things though - unless you are paying more for a guaranteed view, etc. The room itself more than made up for it. But, the best bit was the view from the roof terrace where the pool is. At night you can see the whole city lit up. You are right next to the 'gherkin' (like in London) and on our first night there is was lit up in every colour - really lovely.We had a filling breakfast every morning to set us up for our sight seeing. The staff were great and more than happy to organise us a cab to get back to the bus station at about 3am. They were happy to give directions throughout our stay and the rooms were very clean.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>juleslovesal
<Content>Trendy hotel We booked this hotel through priceline at a rate of 拢460 so was not so sure where we would be but the hotel silken diagonal was contempory, and our bedroom was lovely. We went from the 28th dec 08 to 2nd jan 09 to see in the new year and we had an amazing city break. Barcelona is fab, we need to go back a second time to continue where we left off. The hotel is in a residential area next door to the Torre Agbar (the gerkin lookalike). We stayed in room 824 which was a corner suite that had amazing views across the city and the cathedral. Our room was modern and the bathroom was lovely, complimentary grooming kits etc...There is a minibar, electric blinds, a safe and a hairdryer. There was no tea/coffee making facilities which was a shame as the breakfast rate was 17 euro pp per day (exchange rate .97 euro - 拢1.00). The staff were always helpful but we did not eat at the hotel (quite expensive), there is a shopping arcade across the road which caters for all types of cuisine from lovely italian restaurants(we recommend Gino's) and Tapas bars to subway/Macdonalds etc...also supermarket and lovely shops. The way to get around from the hotel is the metro (underground) which we found very clean easy and efficient. It is only 4 stops to Catalunya which is the best stop for Las Ramblas and tour bus etc...Tour buses were crammed as the time of year we went but would recommend it as a brill way to see the sites. Park Guell is amazing, don't leave this out of your visit if you have not been, and near the olympic village there is a cable car up to a castle which is lovely and brilliant views of the port and the city. We spent new year at the olympic port which a row of lovely little bars and restaurants - a great night out! I was constantly put off by friends that it is a pick pocket nightmare but if you are streetwise and keep your valuables safe you shouldnt have any problems. I did not encounter any scary situations. Have a brill trip  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Yiannis21
<Content>Ultra modern Very good experience. Very modern lounge and bar. Busy but quiet location. A good 4 star hotel but not really worth prices more than 130 Euros per night.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	5	4	

<Author>genieCanada
<Content>Loved the hotel  Excellent experience (compared to subsequent Plaza Mayor in Madrid).Brand new, clean, excellent bathroom, good bed, fridge.The only trivial nit is that the water tends to splash out during shower on the floor -- yes, that's how good a hotel it is.... But all other reviews say that as well already. A few extra comments on the location: Superb.2 minutes walk to Metro with 4 stops on L1 line to Catalunya -- 10-15 minuts max. With the price of T10 being 7 euros and frequency of service, it's almost as good as being in the center, except you get brand new hotel in a newer part of town. Can walk safely at night along the Avenue Diagonal with other folks walking or biking down the center.Another major bonus is a large shopping center across the road. Don't want to pay for expensive hotel breakfast? We didn't, so we stocked up at Carrer Four supermakret in the shopping center for breakfast  lunches. Coffee? Can choose between Starbucks (filtered coffee worse than North America) or local Spanish outlets (excellent coffee). Lots of other eating/drinking establishments around the food court with outdoor seating area.Paid 107 euros a night (hotel web site, about 2 months in advance), which seems like a good value.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ali1ali
<Content>Modern Stayed here at an excellent rate in July 2008. Hotel very modern and design conscious, rooms spacious and clean. Roof terrace was lovely for a quiet drink before heading out to dinner or a nightcap - great views. The pool's up there too - small but better than nothing. Location ok, as in its not right in the centre but its a few minutes by tram or metro.All in all, great value for money and would stay again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>nz7
<Content>great modern hotel in a good location This hotel is very clean, modern and in a good location. It is situated in a 2 min walk to the Glories Metro station on L1 (red line). To get to the hotel, after you exit the metro train, take the right exit of the metro station, turn left when you get out of the station, walk up the steps and turn right. You will see the tall 'gherkin' looking shape building and the hotel is just right next to it. Therefore, although the hotel is not situated in the heart of the old town/city, you can still get to it easily via the metro trains which is very handy. It really is only a 10 min ride to the center of barcelona. The hotel itself is really clean and spacious and modern. The only thing to look out for and be aware is the see through bathrooms in the rooms. If you are staying with a group of friends who aren't comfortable in seeing each other naked, then this hotel probably won't suit you as the bathrooms in each of the rooms are pretty much see through. Apart from that, this hotel makes for a very comfortable stay.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>sandyguzman
<Content>The Hotel has convenient rooms with complete facilities During your stay at a Hotel Diagonal Barcelona you will certainly feel like you are in a private home. You can have a complete relaxation in whatever way you want. The hotel provides all you need during your stay. Services are really excellent.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ejk21
<Content>Loved it Visited Barca in August with my boyfriend we got a realy good deal on lastminute.com for this hotel otherwise we wouldn't have been able to afford it! We both loved the hotel, very modern and clean. Has a lovely roof top sun deck with a bar and a pool (was a bit small). It was just a few minutes walk from Glories metro station a great way to get around the city. Not much going on in area around hotel but there is a shopping centre just across the road with shops like HM and Pull and Bear, there is also a big super market which is handy for breakfast or a snack as food in hotel abit expensive for 2 students! Also only a 15min walk to beach. Would recommend and would love to go back!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Soz1
<Content>Totally Chilled at Silken Booked in May for girls only break-had been recommended hotel by colleague. Was a bit unsure after reading some of the reviews but needn't have worried. OK so it's not in the best area, 4 stops out on the metro from Placa Catalunya, 2 minute walk to the station but at least there was no 24hr noise (we bought a 10 trip card for about 鈧? which was morethan enough for 4 days). Arrived at 1pm and room not ready but no problem, we left bags and asked them to ensure a twin not double. Got back to hotel at 4:30 and were given, yes that's right, a double. Politely reminded them that we had been assured a twin at 1pm and were immediately offered upgrade to a suite at no extra cost - 鈧?6 a night for the room, great value. The hotel is modern, clean if a little clinical. The roof terrace was great for chilling out, loved the Buddah Bar music! Drinks a bit pricey, but hey - you're on holiday so chill! Room was great, funky glass bathroom, floor to ceiling windows, comfy beds, lovely squishy leather sofas. Word of warning-if you are travelling with kids be careful of the TV - some of the channels aren't suitable for under 18s!! If you're looking for something different, try the Jamboree Jazz Club in Placa Real (off Las Ramblas) great value and super live music in relaxed atmosphere, also Carpe Diem on the beach at Port Olympic - perfect for chilling and people watching. Would I recommend this hotel to a friend - absolutely!!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Debi-CO12
<Content>Great Hotel Booked quite late throught Lastminute and got a very good rate so was not sure what to expect - hadn't read the reviews for it as I had a rough idea where the hotel was. Was very pleased with it. Agree with the comments about the tiny pool - although big enough to cool off but not if you want to swim for exercise - my son loved the waterfall fountain thing in it and terrace round it was great for sunbathing! Room was lovely - although again, agree being able to see in the bathroom may be fun with your partner but not when travelling with your 13 year old son! We put up towels to cover it (and us!). Put do not disturb sign on door if you don't want to be woken by the maid - they came back later with clean towels and make the beds etc. Room and supplies were of a good standard and it was imaculate. We liked the modern feel of the hotel but can understand others wouldn't. The bar was a bit expensive but I sort of expect that in a hotel - as in the UK - but it was worth it to sit on the roof with a fantastic view! Although too far out to walk to Ramblas etc, it is very close to the Metro (and bus and tram routes) and you don't need to go down the dark walkway (we did and never felt uncomfortable) to get to it - walk around the road and there is an entrance there - recommend getting the 10 tickets as its cheaper than individual ones! Glories shopping mall is directly opposite and there is a good selection of shops (inc a v. good supermarket) and cafes although didn't find a restaurant as got Metro each night (although did get a cab back - about 5-6 Euros depending on where we got it from). Cabs easy to get to and from the hotel although suggest you take the address or map with you if your Spanish is not great as a couple of the cab drivers were not familiar with it but easily found it when I showed location on map. Flea market (Wednesday morning from about 8 am) is also worth a look - 5 mins walk from the hotel. We got the cable car from Montjuc to the beach one day and walked from port along beach to the marina - the walk back to the hotel from the marina took us about 30 mins through a residential area. The week we went (18 Aug) there was a fabulous street festival in Gracia with decorated streets and bands. If you go to the beach take note of flags and announcements - we only found out when someone told us that they had a yellow flag up - which apparently meant swim with caution - because there were jelly fish in the surf - which we saw after being told and being in the water for a while - the person who told us had been stung the previous day! The Magic Fountains are also worth a look - free! - and also operate on Thurs (as well as Fri  Sat) during peak season. I would have no problem staying at the Silken Diagonal again!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>spark26
<Content>mixed feelings We had one big problem with our room which accounts for the neutral rating. If it had been sorted out we would have given it a 4.Check in was quick and friendly and we found the hotel very easily from Glories metro. You can't really miss it as it is next door to Torre Agbar! Room was fine - big massive windows, quite modern but unfortunately the toilet door wouldn't close. This wouldn't have been too big a problem except the bathroom door and walls are all glass with a see through screen between bathroom and bedroom. There must have been a flood above at some point, because the ceiling was stained and the door was warped - must have been like this for a while. Went to reception and complained - they said as it was a Sunday they didn't have a technician but it would be sorted tomorrow. Fair enough. Next day I put the maintenance complaints hanger on the door and off we went to explore Barcelona. Came back - nothing mended and the complaints door hanger had been put back on the bed! The following morning I went to reception to complain again and the man I spoke to was very apologetic and said that it should have been fixed and it would be sorted. Well it wasn't ever sorted during our whole stay. I wouldn't say it ruined the stay at the hotel but I won't ever use this hotel chain again.On the positive side, all the staff were attentive and friendly (except about our loo!) with drinks being pricey but then it is in a hotel. We didn't have breakfast but the bar does offer croissants and pastries on a morning. Pool is tiny but the decking area and bar is a good size. You could see the sea from the roof and our room. There is a lot of building work but we weren't disturbed by it and we were facing the building site. The only thing that did disturb us were the electric blinds in the other rooms being used on a morning. Beds were very comfy and the black out blinds useful in sunny July.The tram outside the hotel goes to Diagonal Mar where there are lots of restaurants inside and outside a big shopping mall. The Glories shopping centre is quite small in comparison.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>mck9982
<Content>Mixed feelings about the Silken       Hotel Pool  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>romily33
<Content>stylish  my boyfriend and i have just returned from a four night stay at the silken diagonal between 30/07/08 and 03/08/08, we went for my birthday and we got a really good deal for the hotel on lastminute.com.the reviews on ta seemed very mixed so i was a little dubious and apprehensive about our stay but i have to say i / we were pleasantly suprised.as all the reviews state, the hotel is a bit far out of the city centre but there is a bus and metro and tram stop literally outside or a 2 minute walk away so the location really wasnt a problem at all. taxis are easy to get from right outside the hotel also. the location wasnt great, there was construction work going on right outside and the walk to the metro station was through a not particularly nice neighborhood with graffiti and shabbiness being the main problems, but it wasnt that bad.... what else do you expect in a major city?!the foyer and bar area are stylish and quite retro in the decor, the staff are courteous and efficient but i wouldnt say friendly. check in and out were painless and we had no problems there. we arrived early, around 2pm and we were able to check in then which was handy. we had a few drinks in the hotel, as expected prices were a bit higher than what we should have paid but not overly excessive.our room was on the seventh floor and was tastefully decorated, and was always spotlessly cleaned. we did notice that a room service tray stayed outside the room opposite us for two days though which wasnt great. room was cool, contemporary, spacious and comfortable, the floor to ceiling window was great although we had paid extra for a decent view..... we got a view of the construction site right opposite our building! the blinds blocked out all the light so they were great for keeping the light out and keeping the room cool, although you could clearly hear other neighbouring rooms opening / closing their blinds. the bathroom, or rather the bath / shower was poorly designed. the shower screen was not large enough to cover past the spray so the floor was wet after every shower.a few minor quibbles, but all in all a good stay and would recommend this as a great value for money hotel / trip!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	2	4	3	4	4	

<Author>clobella
<Content>Quite nice hotel, bad location I stayed here for 3 nights in July with my boyfriend and we were slightly disappointed. The hotel itself is quite nice however the view from our window was of a building site and also a ring road/motorway! We booked a double room but when we arrived they had given us a twin and the air conditioning did not work. However, they did change our room to a double with air con that worked so the staff were quite helpful. The picture of the swimming pool from the website looks a lot bigger than the actual size of the pool, it was tiny!! You cannot really walk to the centre from the hotel. It is a 5 min walk from Glories metro, but it is not a very pleasant walk (not dodgy, just not particularly nice!)The metro is only 3 stops on the red line to Catalyna so that was a plus point. At night it cost us about 8 Euros to get back from Las Ramblas which was not too bad. One night we walked back from Port Olympico and it took about 30-40 mins. All in all we did not have a bad stay as the room itself was quite nice but I would suggest to think twice if you want to be able to walk to the centre.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	1	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>pinkgizmo
<Content>A little gem !! I have just returned from Barcelona after having spent 4nights at this hotel.I have been to Barcelonma before and stayed in hotel Jazz at top of La Ramlas and would say this is of equal standard but in a different location.The pros of the hotel were the hotel was very modern and had comfy beds and electric blind with a black out blind too.The pool area was nice and there were plenty of tables to sit at and have a drink in the bar area.Its across the road from a shopping centre which alos has a supermarket and a great footcourt with lots of outdoor restaraunts to eat at in the evening.You can walk to the beach in 15mins and there is only a 5min walk to all the lovely tapas bars and coffee shops which are m uch more reasonably priced with more atmosphere than being down la ramblas .Its a 5min walk to the metro and 4stops into town.The cons would be there is only 7 sunbeds at the pool so you have to be lucky to get a seat,but as nobody lies out all day you will get one at some point,also you can walk to the beach anyway.The hotel did not do any snacks up at the pool but then supermarket is across road anyway so can get your own.If you wanted to go to a pub or a restaraunt and eat drink and be merry you could till 2pm ish but if you wanted clubs or loud bars you would have to go to the centre.I have done both and stayed in both areas and I would say I prefered this as there was more local restaraunts which were cheaper and nicer,you could walk to the beach,shopping centre across the road,not so busy and for people watching at bars and cafes it was so nice watching all age ranges from the very young to the very old out enjoying a drink or an icecream and walking there tiny dogs,it felt like you really were on holiday !!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jdr27
<Content>Decent Property in a Dreadful, Wasteland Area Got a good rate on Travelocity. The website and Trip Advisor reviews seemed ok so I gave it a shot. Generally speaking I was satisfied. While the whole vibe of this place struck me as 'trying to be way too cool for their own good'. once you get past that it was a good stay. The rooms are surprisingly well designed, tasteful and comfortable compared to the lobby which isn't really my cup of tea.The biggest complaint about this place isn't the hotel itself but the location. It is in one of the drabbest neighborhoods imaginable. There is absolutely nothing redeeming in the immediate area for tourists. Well actually, there is a very generic mall across the street complete with food court that includes Dunkin Donuts, McDonalds, Burger King, etc. There wasn't even a good local coffee or tapas bar within walking distance and that is remarkable in a city with a plethora of them. The neighborhood was half industrial, and half just plain bleak. Maybe the Silken folks see the long term potential in the location, but for current tourists just be prepared to use the metro and tram quite a bit, which are actually quite convenient to the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	1	4	3	3	4	

<Author>verymary22
<Content>Not Recommended The neighborhood for this hotel is under construction and buildings that remain show signs of blight. The walk to the Metro is dirty and graffitti is everywhere.The hotel itself is very modern but very dark. The lobby motif is dark simulated wood, brass, and silver discs. The hallways are dark shades of black brown and grey lit with purple fluorescent lighting. Rooms are also ultra modern and there is no ambience. Very disappointing stay-also a language barrier with hotel staff-we spoke english and knew no spanish-they spoke spanish and knew very little english.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	4	3	1	1	

<Author>wonsoongi
<Content>Pretentious, no regard for customer service at all I guess I can understand the positive reviews for this hotel. At first moment's glance, the Silken Diagonal is impressive. But the veneer doesn't last. My stay was altogether terrible. I overlapped my stay with seven other colleagues -- we all had separate rooms, but we all had similar experiences.In summary:-- I was not permitted to check in until 3:30.-- Three days of my five-day stay there were marked with a LOUD thumping techno party happening all afternoon and evening on the top floor of the hotel. When I complained, the hotel staff simply shrugged and said that there was nothing they could do about it. Apparently they rent out the space frequently for functions. During this time the elevators were unusable, as was the top floor. The swimming pool was strewn with empty beer bottles. Enough said. You should have seen the line at the reservation counter of guests trying to get their rooms changed to some part of the hotel far away from the roof. This, of course, was folly -- in fact, you could hear the rooftop party from several blocks away.-- My reservation rate was incorrect. They had a reservation rate that was 15 Euro higher. When I asked for documentation of this reservation, they conveniently said that they had lost the paperwork. I had also requested breakfast, but again, this was supposedly not included in the reservation. One clerk finally told me that he would take care of everything for me. Upon checkout, I found that none of problems had been cleared up, which required an additional 20 minutes of wrangling with another employee altogether. In the end I got the room rate that I reserved, but for some bizarre reason they would not let go of having me pay for just one of the breakfasts. Was it their pride I was hurting? They acted like infants and tried to wrestle a few extra measly dollars out of me, all the while knowing that they were probably jeopardizing any good will I had left with them.-- The elevators are an abomination. They are small, cramped, and have a completely dysfunctional and non-traditional call system. Expect long wait times.-- There is no wireless internet access in the rooms below the top two floors. -- In-room catering clean-up apparently only happens once a day. I can't tell you how many times I saw meal trays sitting outside my hallway left unclaimed for hours. Was the entire staff too busy partying?-- Most importantly, not once during my entire stay there did I get a simple smile or thank you from the staff there. They dress smartly with their tailored suits and play the part, but they seem to have no talent whatsoever for making their visitors' stays comfortable.The hotel is not in the most convenient area of town, but it's not in the worst area either. There is an eyesore of a shopping mall across the street from the hotel, but aside from that there is nary a single convenience in the immediate vicinity of the hotel. Good luck changing money, shopping for food or snacks, getting an after-dinner drink, or doing just about anything other than sleeping. (That is, if you can stand the noise from the revellers!) Yes, you can buy a drink at the bar downstairs in the lobby of the hotel at prices that are around 200% more than what they should be.In short: give this place a pass. Don't be fooled by it's fancy sheen. It is, in fact, a complete and utter nightmare.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>yammi
<Content>Stylish, convenient, great service, great stay! Stylish hotel within a stone throw from the subway station. Interesting elevators and nice decors in the room. Everyone was friendly and couldn't do enough for you. Loved the contemporary design. Couldn't believe we were in Europe when we paid only 120 euro a night high season for this kind of quality. You can't even get this in Asia anymore. A couple of minor issues. Free internet but it hardly work in the room. the glass door by the tub is a bit small so the floor gets all wet after shower.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Star1405
<Content>Great value for money My rating is based on the value for money which was great.4 star hotel, modern and funky design for the bedroom and bathroom.I have to say parts of my room were a little bit shabby. Rusty crack in my bath and paper coming off the ceiling - not a big deal but not great. Also to note the house keeping service - knocking on my door on both mornings at 9am, which was a tad early!Also the hotel staff weren't incredibly helpful or friendly and arranging a taxi through them was a bit of a pain as they would forget and leave you sitting there until you enquired when the taxi would show up!The hotel is based on Avenue Diagonal, a long street known for shopping and business. I would advise anyone wanting to stay nearer the centre of town to not stay in this hotel. There is a bus stop right outside the hotel but it does take around 10 minutes to get you to where you want to be.All in all an ok stay - think ill try somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>DavidCon
<Content>Nice rooms but could be better. I stayed in the Silken Diagonal for 2 nights in July. The hotel was easy enough to get to from the airport (about 25 euros). The hotel itself does not look great from the outside and the area seems a bit run-down but inside it is quite contemporary with a nice bar.Check-in was relatively painless though a bit slow as there were only 2 people on the small reception desk. As one of them was dealing with a customer it took a while to get to me.My room was in the first floor overlooking a building site but was quiet and spacious. The bed was a decent size and the glass bathroom was a nice touch as well the bo phone in the room. There was a LCD tv but strangely enough no pay for view. Also- as I found out later there is only WI-FI on the 8th and 9th floor unless you happen to bring a cat 5 cable with you (i didn't). As the hotel had run out (!) I had no choice but to sit on the floor on the 8th floor to connect to the internet. Pins and needles and a numb bum ensued.Aside from that the hotel was fine. The surrounding area is not great (although there is a massive shopping mall across the road) and the subway station (Glories) is 3 mins away. You can be on La Rambla within 10 minutes which is very handy.Overall an above average stay. I paid 拢230 for 2 nights including breakfast (buffet style whith lots of choice) which struck me as a good deal considering the strength of the euro. On a separate note try to avoid Iberia airlines- they are useless. Be warned there is no online check in or fast check in if you only have hand luggage. I waited for 30 mins in a queue and there were only 4 people ahead of me.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	1	

<Author>Angus_Crackville_Jnr
<Content>Stylish little trend-setter Five mates and myself have returned from a weekend break in Barcelona where we harboured ourselves at the Diagonal. When you first step inside you are hit with the modern interior and beautifully laid out bar. The staff all very friendly and accommodating. Rooms very modern although for 6 blokes the see through showers were something of a revelation. Oh Gareth!! Erotic if you are on a romantic break but for 6 beer loving lager louts it wasn't something we overly enjoyed! Only disappointment being the pool. What pool? Oh... is that it? It is incredibly small. It couldn't realistically fit more than 3 people in there without you feeling very cramped. The photo's do well to enhance the actual size of it but when we first saw it in the flesh we burst into laughter. It was pathetic. Again, a very modern shape but could've done with being at least three times the size! All in all, a very good stay at the Diagonal. Would go again.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>LondonMegan
<Content>Amazing! This hotel is amazing! When we arrived we were upgraded to a suite which was just incredible! the living room, dining area was huge with great views of the city and cathedral, the bed was surrounded by ceiling to floor windows with electric blinds, there was a jacuzzi bath and a wetroom shower.The whole hotel was ultra modern, sheak and stylish with pod chairs in reception and a nice bar in the entrance. The location was just fine there is a tram right outside and you can easily walk to Sagrada Familiar in about 10 minutes. There was so much to do in barcelona but it was hard to tear ourselves away from our room as it was so brilliant!  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jojo_pink
<Content>Quite trendy My boyfriend and I stayed for 3 nights from sun 13th April to the 16th. On arriving the hotel seemed very modern and stylish. It is very unusual and stylish but a little tired. The electric blinds in the surrounding rooms could be heard from our room and I agree that the building work going on outside is noisy BUT. . . . it has to happen so....!! The bath didn't work properly and flooded the floor and that was the same for the shower even though - they did look very stylish (just badly designed/constructed). I would say this hotel was of 4 star design but would probably only be 3star in the UK. We stayed in room 416 which was smoking and both of us are non smokers (only rooms left) which was very noticeable every day even with leaving the window open. The view was amazing from the roof terrace and even though it is a little out of the way you can access the Metro from a short walk.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>aimee-Jay
<Content>A perfect Little Jem I booked this hotel for my sisters 30th Birthday based on the reviews and pictures on TripAdvisor and I was not disappointed. As first timers in Barcelona we took a taxi to the hotel from the airport (Just under 40 Euro) - we got a three day metro pass from the Tourist Information Centre in Arrivals (had to queue for a bit though)We stepped into the entrance of the Silken Diagonal and my sister was already won over. The check -in was painless and the staff more than lovely. We loved the lifts and thought pressing the number from outside was different. We had room 826, a superior room and it was everything that I had hoped for, my sister loved it and described it as stunning!Bed and pillows really comfyAs for the bathroom - yes it is a little see through and I did nearly drown myself having put the shower head the wrong way but hey we were on Holiday. The best things in the bathroom are a proper hairdrier and a magnifying mirror along with a nice selection of bathroom items.We did not eat in the hotel - but it was nice to know from previous posts that there is a shopping centre over the road which we used for Starbucks.Previous posts have commented on the surrounding building work - this did not bother us or spoil anything in the slightest.Other posts say this hotel is out of the way - rubbish!! 4 stops on the metro which is about 100 yards away and you are in the centre of Barcelona. We used the metro to go everywhere - it is fast clean and very efficient - puts things in the UK to shame actually!. We also used the tram (included on the metro card) to get to Port Vell which was great as we saw some of the outlying city - again very efficientI would say that the Silken Diagonal is in a fab location, is a cool hotel and is priced very reasonably, I have nothing but praise for it and I would definitely return again when I come back to Barcelona!!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>JAEMH
<Content>Not the best... Far away from the old centre but close to Gaudi's Sagrada Familia and the new development areas. No gym and no swimming in the hotel. A little bit strange for a 4 star place. Nice breakfast and wel decorated rooms. Noisy with all the construction work around. We stayed here the night the electricity went down for more than one hour. The hotel staff could not cope with this event. Just do not realise when it would have been a real emergency....!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	2	3	4	3	4	

<Author>ixion
<Content>Good clean hotel with some quirks I stayed here in Feb 2008. This is a good clean 3-star hotel with some quirks, I would not rate it a 4-star. The entire hotel is designed in a minimalist Philip Stark style. The rooms are modern (almost too modern), but a bit cold looking for my taste. The hotel not in the best location for walking to sights or restaurants, but it is right on the metro and tram lines which are very convenient ways to get around Barcelona. The hotel is on a busy street and there is some street noise. Also, as of Feb 2008, there is some major construction across the street where a couple of high rise buildings are going up, this was noisy. The breakfast was good. The lobby bar is a bit sparse, but they do have smoking and non-smoking sections. The elevator is strange, there are no floor buttons inside the elevator, you basically press your floor outside the elevator and it tells you which elevator you need to take, once inside, you cannot change your mind or go back! I would recommend this hotel if the price is right. Pro:- clean and modern- near the Glories metro station - free internet access in the room (wired only, no wireless) - good breakfast Con:- ultra modern may be a bit too minimalist for some- not in best location - thin bed cover on the bed, not high end sheets- uncomfortable pillows - traffic noise  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	3	4	4	

<Author>apras123
<Content>Amazing. We stayed 4 days at the Silken Diagonal. All the great tripadvisor reviews made me book this hotel. An excellent choice.We arrived at 9am at the hotel and got a room even without asking.The hotel is not in the city centre. But the Metro is right around the corner and takes you to Placa Catalunya in 10 min.We had room 907 and had an excellent view on the city.The staff was very friendly, professnional and helpful. Would go there again, whenever we are back in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Peech
<Content>A bit out of the way We stayed in Silken hotels throughout Spain, so Barcelona was no exception. The Diagonal has a bit of designer feel while being reasonably priced. The bar in the lobby area is a nice place to relax and have a drink/smoke.The hotel is a bit out of the way from most tourist attractions, but it's near a subway station so it's still easy to get around.The rooms are clean and reasonably fitted like other Silken hotels. The bathroom has a glass wall facing the beds, with blinds for privacy. The maintenance of the bathroom could have been a bit better. The blue lights on the outer walls of the hotel are a bit annoying. You need to lower the blinds fully to go to sleep, and sometimes I like leaving the blinds open so I can be woken up naturally by the sun.Overall it's a reasonable place to stay in Barcelona. Since we didn't spend much time in the room, the reasonable price was more important to us.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>nishnish
<Content>Silken Diagonal was amazing The Silken Diagonal Barcelona was a must stay. Its a great hotel accoss the street from a huge mall with a starbucks! It was also 2 blocks from the metro (aka subway system). It was a great location. The hotel staff was great. no problems. Just be careful as they didnt mention that all their rooms have a see through shower, bathroom area. It is completely see through and that is the style of the hotel. For couples and single travelers its ok. But a bit odd for friends sharing rooms.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>InViVe
<Content>Excellent choice!       Torre Agbar  the Silken Diagonal  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Big-Bang
<Content>Nice design, good service, minor problems. The reason I booked this hotel is the cool design and the not-so-bad reviews the hotel has on internet forums like this one.I stayed at the hotel for a week and here are mine impressions:The good:Clean rooms, nice furniture, cool and inspiring design of the hotel.Friendly receptionists, at least the two persons that I have been dealing with.Free internet trough LAN-cable. (Availible at the reception for 20 EUR deposit)Phantastic glass wall with an outside view.Electrically operated curtains that block sunrays or curious eyes.Congestion in the sink - the personel fixed that same day.Armchair leg broken(!) - the personel fixed that same day.Very close to the subway and a big shopping place.Very close to the spectacular Torre Agbar - cool tower that can easily be seen from an airplane while landing or taking off.Great elevators.It is not possible to crank up the volume of the TV to very high levels - no disturbance from deaf neighbours.The bad:Very noisy road and a adjacent construction of a big building.Breakfast not included - in my country good breakfasts are included as standard.The view is so-so from some of the rooms. Mine view was not phenomenal despite I stayed at 7:th floor.Not very close to the centre of the city from the hotel, but possible to walk - approx less than 30 minutes.The floor of the bathroom gets wet when showering.No equpment to make tea, neither equpment to iron.The pool on the roof was closed - come on it was only October! :)Other:It is possible to see from the room in to the shower. This might be a problem for people with kids. Great for couples that find each other attractive, other couples beware. :))))))))  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	2	3	3	4	4	

<Author>HackneyCpl
<Content>Stylish, convenient, lovely rooms, generally good.       View from our window  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>shoegal1
<Content>High Quality Hotel       Our room on the 9th floor  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>EODNurse
<Content>Staff help - hit and miss Agree with most of the reviewers - the staff's command of English was spotty.... some were great and others not so much. Perhaps after a two-week cruise, we were spoiled, but assistance seemed reluctant.  1 - The lights don't turn on unless you put your room key in a special slot - Were not informed - had to get the front desk to help. 2 - Directions to the Metro was vague, but there were signs on the way 3 - Requesting best way to get to airport via Metro was met with much confusionThe Metro works well, but it takes about 3 transfers to get to the airport from this hotel. Additionally, the route to the underground was through a deteriorating neighborhood - lots of trash and grafitti. We decided that with luggage, it would be better to take a cab. The hotel arranged the cab and like a previous reviewer noted - about 30 Euros and 30 minutes to the airport.The rooms were futuristic. We really loved the double curtains that completely darkened the room. When we rolled them up in the morning, we were surprised how bright it was outside. They were very effective. The toilet has a door, but the shower is visible from the bed - just a skimpy curtain and glass. Not an issue for a couple, but a family with kids might have concerns.The breakfast was outstanding - well prepared, plentiful, and varied. Definitely not your typical continental breakfast.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Laupsavea
<Content>A Good Experience From the airport, our taxi driver knew the hotel and 25 minutes (and 30 Euros) later we were there.The staff don't have a great understanding of English (I suspect this Hotel attracts more Germans) but they were all helpful and there were no problems with check in.Our corner room was on the 6th Floor and was as described by the other reviews. It was clean, well stocked with bathroom supplies and everything worked as it should - including the mechanical blinds which have 2 independent layers, a translucent layer for daytime and an opaque layer which did a good job of keeping out the light at night.There is a tram that runs in front of the hotel and the Glories Metro is about 5 minutes walk going left out of the hotel. Metro prices are really cheap so dont be afraid of going 4 stops to the centre of Barcelona.The Glories Shopping Centre is across the road - Dont expect loads of well known shops - there are 2 big shops though (Carrefour and PC World). Loads of coffee shops and places to eat. OK for a couple of hours looking around but thats about it.Moans - Well no major ones. The noise of the traffic may disturb some people perhaps, especially if on a lower floor. The design of the bath makes water splash widely. The TV has 70+ channels - but only a couple are English. I got round this by connecting my ipod to the TV (unclip the panel on the back of the TV) and watched my own programmes - you could buy an adaptor at PCWorld.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Cooki
<Content>Funky, but far off! The Silken Diagonal is a design hotel in a city that values designer style. However, although the lobby and rooms look beautiful at first sight, all you need to do is look closely to see the poor quality of most fittings. The first room that we checked into had a broken AC - the control unit was just hanging off the wall and all the electronic bits were missing. Although it took over half an hour, we were moved to a room that had functioning AC. Here however, the side lamps were dangling off the headboard! We decided to just live with that and not waste any more time...The Silken is located just next door to the Torre Agbar, a modern landmark which is certainly worth seeing. However, anything else that you might want to see it quite far off. Furthermore, this is a part of the city that is yet to see a lot of regeneration and the view from the panoramic windows is all but beautiful.The reception staff were a bit snotty and seemed annoyed at having to deal with the large number of people checking in. There was a large group there for an event and they seemed to be a room short. All in all, checking in was a rather unpleasant experience.If you are traveling to Barcelona as a tourist, this is probably not your best choice. You'll end up spending a fair amount of money on taxi rides in order to get to the more exciting destinations and you probably won't be able to get any advice from the hotel staff.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	2	2	3	

<Author>BarcaRayleigh_Essex
<Content>wow Fantastic hotel, The staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are spotless with a great feel of space. The corridors to the lifts from your room is like being in the twilight zone(awesome). The locatiion of the hotel is no problem, metro 3-4 minute walk(Glorias). And then about a 5 minute trip to Las Ramblas on the metro. Barcelona travel card is a great buy just hop on buses and metros all day and night without a problem.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>MichaelaCarlo
<Content>Perfect for our Barcelona break We just returned from a five day stay at the Silken which was superb.Admittedly the hotel was more of a crash pad for us after a long day sightseeing, but in that regard it met all our needs. Location - yes, it is a little far out but we both love walking and exploring less touristy parts of a city, so it meant that we had a good twenty minutes walk at the start and end of each day in the more residential parts of Barcelona. (Cab to/from the airport is around 30 euros)Opposite the hotel is the Gracias mall which had a good range of Spanish high street stores - for example, Zara was bigger that the branches downtown and distinctly less crowded. We could therefore do lots of our shopping and only have a thirty second walk back to the room with our bags. Carrefour, the hypermarket, is also in the mall and was great for stocking up on water and fruit etc. Opening hours for the mall are 10pm-10pm. I wouldn't recommend the eateries around there as hygiene doesn't seem to feature highly on the list of prioritiesThe rooms in the hotel were extremely comfortable, clean and functional. The best part were the blackout blinds which enabled us to sleep like babies. We found the hotel to be really quiet and we only encountered fellow guests briefly in the lobby.My only real quibble with the hotel is the pool - it's more like a small tub. The roof terrace is fab for sunbathing with an exceptionalview over the city but the pool was far too small for swimming in. Sadly the hotel roof bar is only open on weekends which we weren't told about - a shame as its a great place to relax late at night.What else would I recommend for travellers - for food, go downtown. I have some superb restaurant recommendations - Taller del Tapas, Agua and 7 Portes are excellent. Also do rent a scooter on the waterfront. It cost us only 25 euros for the day and it was a superb way to see the city (really safe to zip around too).  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	1	

<Author>belochek
<Content>The hotel was great! very near to the center (metro station glorias), even though we bought a standard room thet upgraded us to the superior which was fantastic (2 big rooms and a huge bathroom) - the rooms are even better than on photos. The pool on the top floor is a bit small but there's the beach - so don't expect too much. The staff was very polite and friendly. I would stay there next time.Great for couples.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>advum
<Content>Excellent Excellent hotel for those wiling to accept being away from Las Ramblas.For the fans of contemporary design and architecture you will not be disappointed.The rooms were well appointed,clean,spacious .Loved the all glass bathroom and automatic shutters.If you are lucky enough to get a front corner/side room you can rise/sleep with views of Sagrada familia like we did.Last but not the least awesome buffet breakfast.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>knez
<Content>Near everything. Very modern hotel with a great terrace with all day sunshine! The staff are a bit rusty in their English and the rooms are more pretty than of high quality, but all in all a very pleasant hotel. If anything is amiss they usually help out straight away and the cleaning staff is a sweet bunch. In addition you have a shopping centre with a food market next door, a beach three tram stops away and the centre is three stops by subway.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>claire0701
<Content>fantastic hotel what a fantastic hotel! stayed for four nights at the end of july/start of august and was thoroughly impressed with the hotel. We had a fantastic time and were sad to be leaving.The rooms are exactly as you see on the website - we had a standard room and it was just perfect. I felt all of the pictures on the website were a fair representation, and we were even more impressed in real life. The electric black out blinds are great - never had a better night sleep, although we did sleep in every morning!! The room does not have tea and coffee making facilities or an iron which would both have been great. We ordered tea and coffee through room service and it was only 2 euros each so not bad. We also brought a travel iron or the hotel did offer a laundry service.We didnt get breakfast with our package so cannot really comment on that. We did get it delivered to the room one morning however, it was nice but i felt pricey at 20euros pp for tea and a croissant with some ham and cheese (we paid extra for the ham and cheese). It did arrive at the time we asked and the service for room service was always prompt and very good.Only had dinner in the hotel one night, restaraunt was quite quiet but the food lovely and service impeccable. Would eat there again in a minute.Staff were pleasant, some especially nice, other not so much but all in all they were very professional and helped us with any questions we had. Got talking to a few of the bar guys who are fantastic - Nicola and Miguel - they make a mean cocktail! The bar was reasonably priced also, 6 euros for a beer and a wine, with cocktails being 9 euros each.The terrace on the roof was our haven most afternoons. We would do a bit of sightseeing in the late morning and then head back to the hotel to lie by the pool and have a few drinks in the hot afternoon sun - was pure bliss! It was never too busy up there, and towels were provided which was a nice touch. Views of the sea were incredible.The only problem we could find (if we had to) with the hotel was its location. It is not a major problem but is a good 20 minute walk before you reach busier areas of the city. There is a tube station - glories, about a 3-4 minute walk away, or the tram goes right by the front door which makes getting around very quick and easy. We are hapier to be closer to the city centre restaraunts etc so would liked to have been a bit closer.The area is also under an awful lot of development. I think in a few years it will be in a great spot as there is so much being built around it. at the moment there is a great shopping centre directly accross the road with super restaraunts for breakfast, lunch or dinner around the bottom floor courtyard. Also a great selection of shops in here including a huge supermarket. There are cranes and building sites everywhere else though. This did not disrupt our holiday one bit as the blackout blinds blocked any noise in the morning, and there was no dust etc, it just meant that the scenery was not as nice as it will be when the works begin to finish. All in all, i absolutely loved the silken diagonal, it was modern, extremely clean and very professional. rooms were beautiful, it is very well located for public transport and within walking distance of the beach and busier areas for the city (about 20 mins) I would recommend this hotel to anyone and be sure that you would have a wonderful holiday!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>marentis5
<Content>Decent place to stay in Barcelona We stayed here for two nights before a Mediterranean Cruise and enjoyed our stay. As other travelers mentioned, it's right next to a large cone-shaped building that's pretty cool. We loved being able tosee La Sagrada Familia from our window!The rooms were very clean and the decor was nice. The bathroom walls are glass...but not the toilet (whew!)! Each room has one large bed for two people, so if you're traveling with 4 people, that will be two rooms. If you have three people, they do have some larger rooms with a couch that will accomodate that size group.The complimentary breakfast is phenomenal! There's a wide variety of fresh, hot food. Delicious fruit, eggs, meats, etc. It's all very good...even the coffee was wonderful!The pool is on the roof, which is unique, but it's incredibly small....SO much smaller than it looked in any picture we saw beforehand. Our kids didn't even want to go in it because they could tell that once they were all in, they wouldn't be able to do anything(there were 10 kids in our group). They didn't care about that though, we were there to explore Barcelona! It was easy to hop on the subway from the hotel (turn left outside the hotel and about 1/2 block up you go down the stairs to the subway) and see this wonderful city.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>illsey
<Content>silken diagonal... a fab hotel This hotel was the cleanist hotel I have stayed in, the room was spoless. the decor of the hotel is fabulous and very modern. The staff were helpfull and polite. The location is ideal.....a 2 minute tube ride for the bustle of the rambles and the main squares. the tube stop is called glories and is a 4/5 minute walk from the hotel. The hotel is easy to find as it is right next to one of the biggest buildings in barcelona which is a tall cone shape ( you cant miss it). there is a small shopping area with a supermarket just behind the hotel if you want to pick up essentials. overall a clean and trendy hotel which i really enjoyed.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>toftyd
<Content>Great Hotel overall... A group of us stayed here for a stag weekend at the end of March 2007. We wanted something a bit nicer than a hotel and we most certainly got it!We thought hat we might get a funny reception as we were a group of English Lads, however we didn't. The reception was good and friendly. The rooms are superb, although as other people have said - if you are sharing with someone you don't know very well - you will know them a lot better by the end of the week. The shower has a glass seprator to the main bedroom, and only a see through Blind to block things out!!! The toilet is in a seperate room though! There is an easy to use safe and fairly cheap Mini Bar too whihc makes a nice change!The hotel bar was very cheap considering the type of hotel it was. I likened it to The Malmaison over in England, and the hotel bars in The Malmaison is NOT cheap!The roof terrace was a great touch, although the pool is fairly small, it isn't a major problem!Great location - all the taxi drivers know the hotel and where it is, and right next to Glories metro station. Get a T10 card and you are sorted for your travel!!All in all I would highly reccomend this hotel!Danny (UK)  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Flylove
<Content>Loved Barcelona, not sure about hotel Stayed for 4 nights in April. Hotel was easy to find. Not located in the main city centre but within close proximity to Glories Metro station.Modern hotel, Nice decor, Some parts a bit worn considering it is a new ish hotel, Electronic blinds, good daylight block out!! Nice TV but not too impressed with channel choices. Rooms was smaller than imagined from photos on website, no iron in the room although there is a laundry service, room was clean every day If you are a tea/coffee lover you might be disappointed to know there no facilities to make your own cuppa in the morning!! A bit of building work going on near by but that did not bother us . Amazing views from the roof terrace but very small pool. Across the road is a large shopping centre, 15-20 min walk down to La Rambla personally.  StaffOn arrival I personally did not get that warm welcoming feeling however when making enquires staff was very helpfulBellboy was selective when I was on my own could not be bother to call the lift for me.On departure, not a word of thank you from Reception Staff. Food did not eat in the hotel Would I recommend this hotel? not sure, personally I think it is overpriced and the modern look will soon because old in a few years!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	5	1	3	-1	

<Author>Pyro2
<Content>Great hotel! We stayed for a week in this hotel in March 2007, and used it as a base to explore the city.The architecture and style of the hotel appealed to us, and the price was reasonable.Although it is not in the city centre, it is within walking distance of attractions such as the Sagrada Familia. Alternatively, there are metro and tram stops by the hotel, giving quick and cheap access to the whole city.The hotel restaurant is not cheap, so we ate many of our meals at the various cafes and restaurants in the shopping complex across the road from the hotel, popular with many of the locals.As a gay couple we were concerned about how we would be treated. However the staff reacted very normally when we booked in at reception, apart from checking whether we did want to share the same room.The room was good, with everything that we would need during our stay, including a little safe and a TV. The housekeeping was great, and it was a real pleasure to return to a fresh clean room each day. The hotel was not noisy, but I did get woken up in the middle of the night a couple of times by someone in a neighbouring room opening or closing their electric window blind in the middle of the night!Other reviews mention the shower cubicle - if you are sharing the room with anyone you do have to know them well! The toilet was more discreet in a seperate room.The view of the city from the rooftop is fantastic. You would also get to see the neighbouring Torre Agbar, which sometimes gets lit up at night.Overall it was a great hotel, and I would recommend it to other people.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Fergie25
<Content>Silken Diagonal Stayed at this hotel for a long weekend at end of March. Nice modern hotel with helpful staff (they helped arrange tickets for the football directly with the ticket office so we knew that we paid face value). The room was clean, fresh and contemporary and beds were very comfy. The electronic sun shades were ideal for a mid afternoon siesta.The location was pretty good as the metro station was just 2 mins away and is just four stops (10 mins) from La Rambla and is in a reasonably quiet area with large shopping centre close by. The bar was reasonable and always fairly busy, but as others have mentioned the pool is ridiculously small.Overall a good hotel offering good value for money and a convenient base for exploring Barcelona  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>slevy
<Content>Served The Purpose This hotel was fine. My husband and I came to Barcelona for an extended weekend and many hotels were unavailable for Saturday night due to the football game Barcelona played against Real Madrid. Hotel Silken seemed to be the only one available that was in our price range and met our criteria. It is a very clean hotel with a comfortable bed and pillows, great bathroom facilities, and a pretty view if located on a higher floor. The furniture is cheap and not taken care of very well for being a newer establishment. They provide shampoo and soaps along with other toiletry items and a hair dryer as well as a converter that is installed in the safe box. However, my biggest gripe about this hotel is the noises you hear at all hours of the day. The shades are mechanical and we could hear when those staying around us were raising their shades each time. Also, anytime someone is showering, the draining water can be heard. It sounds as if an airplane is flying overhead but it is the water! I'm a fairly heavy sleeper but this awoke me each morning. The staff was helpful to us each time we had questions. The location is good. Only 4 stops from Las Ramblas on the Metro and next to a shopping mall with eating establishments. For $200 a night I don't think it is worth it. My husband was not impressed at all. If you can stay here for cheaper then it is worth the price; however at $200 a nightI think it should be a little nicer. To sum it up, the quality is cheap.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alha3
<Content>perfect for a few days in the city..... ....quite nice hotel....modern rooms in black  white design...very comfortable beds, nice view from the rooftop terrace, very good location (2 mins to the metro), phantastic breakfast...cava...spanish serano ham, actimel, fresh squized orange juice and lots of fresh fruits...empty plates are replaced within seconds...I was able to catch a - pay 3 and stay 4 nights special...and this was really a good thing...don't bother about the location...4 metro stations to the mid city center (rambla)...but metro runs until late at nights all in all very good hotel for a few days in phantastic barcelona  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tyty'smom
<Content>Fab Hotel!!! This is a realy nice hotel with excellent staff. Very polite, even when you are asking for directions to the same place 4 days staright!!!We stayed at this hotel for a total of 6 nights and had an excellent stay.Rooms were adequate in size, see-through glass in the bathroom was tres moderne!!! However not very appropriate when traveling with your fiance and your daughter. Very awkward for showering, but we made the best of it.The location is great, not entirely in the middle of everything but not far off either. We easily traveled by subway and tram to all over Barcelona.It is also walking distance to the mall and Gaudi's famous cathedral.Restaurant was pricey as was the room service. But check out the breakfast buffet. I think it was 15EU but well worth it and a great way to start the day.I would definately recommend and return to this hotel.I think we paid on average 120EU a night and it was well worth it.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ihatew0rk
<Content>Fun  Stayed here with my wife  21 year old daughtewr. Loved the hotel except for the restaurant which was quiet  without any atmosphere. Rooms  bar were excellent, worth upgrading to superior as quite a bit bigger. Also great at night up at the pool cocktail bar with views over the city. Pool is very small but ok to cool off in after walking around Barcelona. Best to use taxi/tram as a fair walk from restaurants  sea front.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>k-sparkle
<Content>Fabulous  I loved this hotel. The modern design is great. On entering, the lobby and bar area look stylish and are very welcoming, as are the staff. The rooms have a light airy feel and are bright and clean. They have minimal furnishings but there is enough space for clothes etc. The rooms are a good size and the bathroom quite large. I liked the glass walls of the bathroom and the privacy of the toilet screen. I also loved that an entire wall of the room was a window. The room had a safe and a mini bar which was reasonably priced. The shower was very powerful, which to me is the measure of a good bathroom. I liked the free toiletries and these were replaced each day.The location, at Glories, was very convenient. Out of the city so there wasn't much noise, but next to the Metro for easy access to the centre. Only 4 stops to the Ramblas. The Glories shopping mall is across the road and has a cinema, lots of shops including CA and HM, restaurants and a Starbucks. Perfect!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>modernman
<Content>silken not sunken I have never written one of these reviews before but I find them very usefull when going on Holiday , So here goes.The world is so small these days, a 4.00 A.M Start and Easyjet flight from Liverpool, and you are checking in to your Horel by 10.00 A.M.The Silken Diagonal is fine for the Job. A nice modern hotel, that ticks all the right boxes. The decor is very modern, and clean. It is supprissing however, how quickly a Hotel starts to look a little shabby on the Edges, The shower leaked, the Pipes, were visable in the Bathroom and the veneer, was peeling away in the Bathroom. but that said this is an excellent Hotel. They are taking the P### a bit in Chargeing 16Euros, for Breakfast. If you go over the road to the Shopping Arcade you can get 2 Cups of Coffee and a Sandwich, for about 3 Euor's . If you have sampled the many resteraunts, that Barcelona has to offer the night before , thats about all you would want anyway.A few tips, for travelers to Barcelona. At the airport buy a T10 ticket at the train station this will allow you 10 trips on all metro's, tram's and busses,It costs about 6 Euro's, Great value and Hassle free. Buy an art ticket at the main Museeum's and this will allow you access into the main museum's in Barcelona including, the Piccasso Museem and the Maccba modern art one. ( However, give this a miss unless you really get the Modern art stuff ) I don't.Go for the set meals at the resteraunts, we ate at La Fonda, by the sea one night and for 15 Euros, we had a great 3 Course meal, with wine water and a Liquer, great value.If you wish to go to Parc Guell, dont take the Metro, find a Bus, Its a long walk from the Metro station.November is a great time to visit this Great, young and Vibrant City, It was warm , quiet, plenty to do, the resteraunts, were quite,and were very welcoming. If you wish to know anything further please contact me on lloydjames@talk21.com.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Scorpiobehr
<Content>Bauhaus art-modern hotel!       Room facing hall  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>fran15111
<Content>Loved it ! Stayed for 2nights and one of the best 3 stars hotels I have seen. Excellent staff,good location and lovely large comfortable rooms. Metro stop at the front door and a supermarket next door as well. Got a room for 65 euros room only and would definetely recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>toutoute
<Content>Quite impressive       Funky art modern hallways  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ReaderfromtheUS
<Content>Do not stay at the Silken Diagonal The service was just terrible. The location was far removed from everything. I've never been so disappointed. The 'pool' is literally the size of a bathtub. To it's credit, the room was pretty. The business center was 'out of order'. They messed up our reservation so only 1 of us was on the guest list for the breakfast then tried to say that they should be charging us more for our room. I can't believe I rationalized staying here for 2 nights. We also stayed at the Hotel Jazz which had an amazing location and was very well kept with free internet access and friendly staff. I highly recommend staying there instead. The Silken Diagonal had no soul...you had to walk along the freeway after taking the metro there. There is nothing around it besides a mall. You can't walk to anything...etc. etc.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>maliblue
<Content>Looks Great, Service and Location Terrible I am writing this while at the Silken Bilbao which is a wonderful hotel, however, my fiance and my exerience at the Silken Diagonal, was one of the most incompetent I have experienced. It is as if they designed this great funky hotel, then left a bunch if kids who didn't care in charge of it. We also stayed at hotel 1898 while in Barcelona which I highly recommend. Here is our experience in a nutshell. No one to help with bags (i take that back, they just watched while we struggled with ours.... .)... we called for bathrobes three different times and each time they said no problem... and we waited... (it became a bit of a standing joke over a three hour period...). The next day, when we physically went to the front desk, they told us that robes could not be lended unless we had a superior room (this was not a language problem as my fiance is fluent in spanish....).... to get them to order a taxi was akin to torture..... I think I heard the word not possible about 280 times while at the hotel. Again, this is not a Silken problem as the Gugenheim service is top notch.this hotel has fun design features and cool bathrooms, but if you need any degree of service, avoid at all cost. Please also note that this hotel is located in an area of redevelopment, which will be wonderful in about 5 years, but now has numerous junkyards etc. around it...  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>1	2	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab and funky       View from the top (bar and pool area)  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nightengale
<Content>Loved it I stayed at this hotel with my husband for my 25th birthday. It is absolutely stunning in it's mimimalist decor. Staff were very efficient at check in and out. Gorgeous rooms with the bathroom in a glass cube (toilet behind a further wooden door for privacy). Great hotel for a romantic break. Enjoy  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dublinadvisor
<Content>Birthday Present I stayed at this hotel in early December with my boyfriend who booked it as a suprise birthday present. I cannot fault the hotel as I found it great. The only fault (if I really had to give one) would be location but not all hotels can be in the centre of town and its only a few minutes on the metro in to the centre of Barcelona. The staff were very friendly. It was quiet when we were there so staff hadn't a lot to do! The room was very clean, bright and quiet. I can understand how the cool, minimalist and funky design would not appeal to all tastes but I liked it. Our breakfast was included in the rate and I found it to be excellent each morning. Well stocked and fresh with bottles of cava if you fancied a glass in the morning! And I did on the morning of my birthday after a night out in a nearby club!!All in all I really enjoyed my stay here and thought it was very good value for money.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cool hotel in great location Just returned from 4 great days in Barcelona, and the Silken Diagonal made it that much more enjoyable. The hotel's lobby is futuristic looking with a back-lit lounge right out of a glossy magazine ad. There are soft purple lights in all of the corridors, which work surprisingly well to comunicate a cool asthetic. The (standard) room I was in was quite large, and yes, came equipped with the glass-walled shower referenced in other reviews. I actually found it to be very appealing. Power shades on the windows were controlled by bedside buttons, as were the room lights. My deal included breakfast, which turned out to be a very nice spread. Only negative was some loud metallic banging when it rained--I think the decorative metal structures on the outside of the hotel were responsible. Location was great--steps away from the Metro, within walking distance of the Sagrada Familia and Music center. The hotel came as part of a package, so not sure what its normal price would be, but was certainly worth the money on this trip.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quite nice stay   showReview(4041522, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stephen g
<Content>It is exactly as I was lead to believe   showReview(3981530, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frenchie-in-utah
<Content>Not bad   showReview(3903866, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>s665770
<Content>Which room shall I sart ?   showReview(3896935, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lormeg
<Content>hotel silken diagonal   showReview(3896342, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad hotel   showReview(3718884, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>bingogal66
<Content>A good modern hotel   showReview(3521773, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>FromFrankfurt
<Content>Nice hotel in a convenient location       View from the outside  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hotel design, un peu loin...   showReview(21888144, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kyoja2
<Content>銇俱仧娉娿伨銈娿仧銇勶紒   showReview(21392095, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Verkehrsanbindung   showReview(20550073, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Strategico per la posizione   showReview(19638650, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ci torneremmo volentieri   showReview(19638647, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>neauly
<Content>genial   showReview(19138796, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Una ottima sistemazione, ma a parte il design niente di eccezionale   showReview(19638643, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Es war nicht schlecht=)..aber...   showReview(19638648, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon H么tel   showReview(19638646, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(19638645, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>una bella delusione   showReview(19638649, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ci tornerei certamente   showReview(18532727, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Crhistina78
<Content>Hotel fantastico dietro la torre di Agbar       Poltrona anni '70 nella hall  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel   showReview(18532743, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>War gut.   showReview(18532742, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer gerne wieder   showReview(18532731, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>not amused   showReview(18532730, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>wow   showReview(17431900, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>superbe design   showReview(17431901, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder! sehr gute lage, u-bahn, tram, bus vor der t眉r, nettes personal, stylisch   showReview(16596362, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione eccezionale...   showReview(16732137, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons dans le cas d'un prochain s茅jour!   showReview(16596343, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel, un peu excentr茅   showReview(16596342, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu bruyant (reveil dans le couloir par des voyageurs)   showReview(16596341, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis/Leistung stimmt   showReview(15570113, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rhymdunet
<Content>Parfait pour le travail   showReview(15232968, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bien pour le week end   showReview(15570112, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Design mit T眉cken   showReview(14728962, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TenerifeRachel
<Content>No esta nada mal   showReview(14063479, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfetto!   showReview(13982139, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ritornare 猫 d'obbligo!!!   showReview(13982137, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Design di qualit脿   showReview(13982136, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Tonyloves
<Content>Precioso pero...   showReview(10616509, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Design mit kleinen M盲ngeln   showReview(11662510, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>眉ber den besten Blich auf Barcelona   showReview(11662507, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sistemazione high tech   showReview(11662509, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'Hotel non ha deluso le...   showReview(11403538, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Stadterkundungen von hier aus immer wieder!!!!!!!!   showReview(11439509, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>michelm0
<Content>Tr猫s bon choix   showReview(8408594, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La Piscine   showReview(11439528, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gute lage   showReview(11439507, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Vraiment tr猫s bien   showReview(11439511, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel di tendenza   showReview(11439498, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu d茅莽u   showReview(11439499, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Anersudz
<Content>Genial   showReview(7789105, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11424554, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Magari poterci tornare !   showReview(11424553, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel, design r茅solument moderne   showReview(11404005, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel design et tr猫s sympa   showReview(11404004, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr schickes Hotel in toller Lage   showReview(11397088, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Voyageur67
<Content>Superbe Hotel Design   showReview(6919824, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Service Horror!!!!!!!   showReview(11397087, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>valeturca
<Content>Hotel di design, posizione strategica   showReview(6519768, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Designer-Hotel   showReview(11373538, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Moderno e in buona posizione   showReview(11365700, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Etrange !! mais bien qd m锚me !!   showReview(11365699, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien   showReview(11365698, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Schickes Design-Hotel   showReview(11342555, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11342554, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bel h么tel design de Barcelone   showReview(11342553, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Modern und komfortabel   showReview(11342552, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>si nous retournons 脿 barcelone ce sera dans cet h么tel !   showReview(11342551, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bon hotel !!!   showReview(11342541, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo   showReview(11342540, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo   showReview(11342539, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Stupendo!   showReview(11338178, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel g茅nial, nous y retournerons!!!!!   showReview(11338177, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon hotel 脿 la d茅co particuliere   showReview(11338176, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Stylisches Hotel, Traumhafte Dachterrasse   showReview(11338174, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres tendance et design avec un acces au metro a 300m.   showReview(11338171, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bel hotel   showReview(11338170, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>chic mais attention au vieillissement   showReview(11342538, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournons d猫s que possible   showReview(11338169, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel   showReview(11338165, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bel h么tel contemporain   showReview(11338164, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ci torno!   showReview(11329701, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fran3
<Content>Criticas todas iguales   showReview(4254790, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Las instalaciones y servicios...   showReview(11403539, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Struttura ottima, manca un po...   showReview(11403540, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

