<Author>preciouslynn
<Content>Not friendly to travel agents No courtesy upgrades to travel agents even though plenty of rooms were available. Electricity went out for over 12 hours and hotel refused to give even a free drink coupon/voucher for the inconvenience. Had to insist that the pay movie we were watching at the time of the power outage be removed from our bill. The bed was great and the bathroom ok - no place to put anything. Our toilet had to be repaired.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>SingleTraveler98
<Content>Good Hotel for Singles The Hilton Waikiki Prince Kuhio hotel is a basic Hilton hotel which is best enjoyed by single travelers, whether for business or pleasure. There isn't much to do for families. I stayed on the Executive Level, and my room was quite inexpensive by Hawaii standards. I considered it a great deal. The room was clean, recently remodeled, and being on the 35th floor, had a fantastic view of the ocean. The executive lounge is in temporary quarters in a level below the lobby. I hope that when an executive lounge is finished on a high floor, the lounge is able to accommodate more food choices. Breakfast is all cold foods, with Starbucks coffee. There are two large flat screen TVs to watch. It's a cozy place, and, most of the time I could find a place to sit and eat. The evening reception consists of one hot dish, veggies, breads, cookies, cheese and grapes, coffee, and soft drinks. The staff throughout the hotel was accommodating. The pool is on the 10th floor, where it was extremely windy to the point where small tables went flying. My only real criticism is the restaurant. MAC 24/7 is on the lobby level and is open all the time. After the third time I ate there, I decided never to return. The service is mediocre to awful. The worst experience was when I was seated and had to wait over 15 minutes (you know it's bad when you start counting time) for a waiter to take my order. The breakfast menu is unrealistic. Pancakes are 14 inches in diameter and three are served per order at a cost of $15. I asked the waiter if I could order a single pancake (since 3-14 pancakes were enough for a whole family), and he said I could, but it would still cost me $15. Enough about the negative. We had a power outage throughout the entire island one night, and I want to complement the management for the way they handled it. Emergency generators came on immediately (which meant the elevators worked), and once management knew the nature of the problem, they made several calming announcements over the PA system. Would I stay here again? I might since I'm a Hilton HHonors member. If I weren't, I'd probably stay elsewhere. For a family, a larger resort-type hotel might be better.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>MichWorldTraveler
<Content>A Fine Hotel, But Some Ups and Downs. My wife and I spent 2 nights here before heading to Maui for the 'real' vacation. Honolulu is just too crowded, busy and industrialized for our tastes, but we did want to see Pearl Harbor, so we started in Honolulu and chose the Prince Kuhio because of my Hilton Diamond status and a great rate (only about $120/night).The room was FANTASTIC. We booked a standard room and were upgraded to an ocean view, which had a small lanai with two chairs. The bathroom was huge, the large flat-panel TV was nice, and the king bed was super comfy. Good sized room for Honolulu, and appears to have been recently refurbished. Nice decor and very modern.If you're driving, you must valet your car ($25 a day)...Pretty standard for Honolulu or any 'downtown' hotel. Just be prepared for that. The valet guys were really friendly and helpful. Check-in desk was the same.The down side was the 'executive lounge'...As a gold or diamond member, you generally get free access to these at Hiltons. If you are gold/diamond, you know that they can vary from property to property...It was nowhere near one of the better ones. It's located in the basement. Breakfast was strictly continental--bagels, muffins and fruit. The 'evening' spread was pitiful, cheap and the hotel seemed to 'mail it in'--since they have to provide something, they do the minimum, and they make no qualms about it. There were veggies with dip, crackers, and one hot item--one night it was egg rolls, the next night was jalapeno poppers. A mini fridge housed the 'complimentary' soft drinks, with the tackiest sign I've ever seen in an executive lounge. It read, Limit One Soft Drink Per Person. WOW. So, needless to say, no complimentary cocktails...A sign in the lounge said you could buy a bottle of beer or glass of wine for $5-$8. A far cry from many Hiltons which not only don't limit your Diet Cokes to ONE, but also freely flow booze/wine/beer without charge...Yes, I'm spoiled by other Hiltons around the world. But their limitations seemed pretty tacky and left a bad taste in my mouth, but not enough to spoil what is otherwise a fine hotel. Close to Waikiki beach--about a 7 minute walk to the beach, and great views with the oceanview rooms. Many nearby shops and eateries. We'd probably stay here again if we ever go back to HNL, but probably won't, as it doesn't even compare to Maui--we're already planning next year's trip back to the Islands, and are avoiding Oahu.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>bauwens
<Content>Not great, not terrible either We stayed at this hotel for two nights. Booked at a rate that included breakfast, which we have done at other Hilton properties and which we previously had found to provide good value. Turns out however that would we have picked a cheaper room rate and paid for breakfast, it would have ended up cheaper.Room was OK but nothing special. Shower was nice.As other folks have mentioned, the location, two blocks from the beach, is not the best.Restaurant is more like a glorified diner than a real restaurant. We ended up going out for dinner all days. Admittedly this may be more of a Hawaii problem than specific to this hotel.Anyway, next time we probably will look elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>John60640
<Content>Terrible Service- SO SO neighborhood Lips stick on a pig....Hotel is 2 blocks from the beach..so even with an Ocean view you look over a depressing parking lot and a church before you see the water in the distance.The surrounding buildings are low rent apartments and cheap hotels so the neighbors are a little scary.Yes, the hotel was redone so everything was new and fresh....EXCEPT the staff...NO TRAINING. Just bad service from beginning to end. Restaurant staff was rude Food and drink overpriced.Executive lounge is grim and dark and in the basement.- This is for Hilton's Best customers...So many other more beautiful hotels at the same price, nearer the beach....Try Outridgger or Westin...*** NOT GOOD FOR HANDICAPPED PEOPLE  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	2	4	1	1	1	

<Author>WeWalkEverywhere
<Content>Wonderful room and really wonderful bathroom       View from 24th Floor Room  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cdglagola
<Content>Prince Kuhio is perfect       Room 3018  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bigred120281
<Content>Great hotel I just returned from a fantastic trip to waikiki. We stayed at the Hilton Prince Kuhio, and loved it. All though the hotel is not on the beach, it is about two blocks a way not a bad walk at all.The rooms are smaller, but they are all recently remodeled. The beds were very comfortable, and the room is very modern. The restaraunt in the hotel Mac 24\7 had very good food, but there are a number of other places to eat very close to the hotel. I would return to this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Smitty1272
<Content>Therapeudic Relaxation The 35 floor Hilton Prince Kuhio is nestled among other highrises (as are most buildings in Waikiki) and is situated a one long Manhattan block off the beach. What separates this highrise hotel from others is its close proximity (to the beach) and an unobstructed and peaceful view of the mountains. Request mountain view rooms above the 25th floor for a spectacular view! Room 3101 is a personal favorite (and has a larger balcony). All rooms have a balcony (some larger than others) with two lounge chairs - perfect for outdoor relaxation. Room 3101 included a Mini Bar, Flat Screen TV, Insulated Windows, Large Bathroom with Shower (only), an in-room Safe and more.A restaurant is located on the Lobby floor (Breakfast was tasty and food plentiful). The two story Lobby has beautiful floral appointments and a grand marble entrance. A sitting lounge is situated in the center of the Lobby.A welcoming and pleasant aroma permeates the Lobby area. Valet parking costs a daily rate of $25 and I suggest calling ahead before retrieving your vehicle.Caddy-cornered (from the hotel and across the street) is a corner store that sells items you have have left at home.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>JasKB
<Content>Loved it, best value and great location The room was great, funky decor and great bathroom, its not on the beach but only about 10mins away. The business centre is good to access any emails, and the view from the room is amazing. I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>kafm2008
<Content>Not a bad place to stay in Waikiki We stayed at the Prince Kuhio for two nights upon arriving to Honolulu. The room was great - really well-done. I think that the Hilton did a number on this place with upgrades and it really paid off. Flat screen tvs, great bathrooms, nice lobby. Waikiki Beach is a couple of blocks away - not so bad. The pool and pool bar are okay - not a lot in the way of food - but the people there are wonderful. MAC 24/7 is great for people who just got to the island and are still not on island-time. Beware of the huge pancakes! I would consider staying at the Prince Kuhio again if I made it back to Waikiki.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>sakology
<Content>Not quite up to Hilton standards? The Hotel lobby is quite nice, but the rooms are quite small. I originally was given a room that had an adjoining room door which was paper thin and you could hear the neighbours. I moved to a corner room that had no adjoining door which helped. I found the balconies lacked any privacy which made them less than enjoyable to sit out at. There is no bathtub in these rooms as well. I would say that if you were there on business and where not there to enjoy oahu then the hotel would work for you but I found the rooms to be disappointing.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>DarkRevan
<Content>Very modern        Prince Kuhio - Ocean View  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>justbig
<Content>Nice hotel       other side of the room  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>redsoxfan11
<Content>nicely renovated, not honeymoon friendly The Hilton Prince Kuhio is an excellent hotel for those looking for a luxurious, clean and crisp hotel room. The price can also be right if you search hard enough. For the best rates book directly on the hilton website using the interent pre-paid room rate. The executive level rooms are slightly more expensive, but it comes with access to the executive lounge with includes daily continental breakfast and afternoon appetizers and free wireless internet. The breakfast is perfect; fresh fruit, bagels, muffins, cereal, juice and starbucks coffee.On a side note, my wife and I stayed here on our honeymoon this October and did not find the hotel honeymooner friendly. On our strip we stayed at many different hotels, and the Hilton Prince Kuhio was the ONLY hotel not to upgrade our room or send a bottle of champagne up to our room.For a better stay, much more friendly staff and a way better location (Hilton is two streets from the beach) I would recommend staying at the Westin Moana Surfrider which is located right on the beach in the heart of Waikiki.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	3	4	

<Author>shackelton
<Content>Great hotel This is a beautiful, recently remodeled hotel. Our room was very nice, with a great view of the mountains. Staff was excellent. My only complaint was the hotel restaurant, which was overpriced and only adequate. We loved everything else about this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelinMoose
<Content>Not too bad.... when will internet be free?! In a sea of hotels invading Waikiki, the Prince Kuhio is about mid-range in both price and quality. The staff was very friendly and very accommodating, however I still get peeved when they charge for internet in the rooms. Speaking of the rooms, mine was very clean, had two beds, a mini fridge (nice if you are sick of paying Waikiki prices for meals), and a spacious bathroom. Hilton has wonderful beds, and this place was no exception. I never had any problems sleeping (except when rowdy frat boys were screaming outside, but the hotel can do nothing about that!)If you are a hoi polloi member of the Hilton Honors, it gets a bit better. Every morning you get a free breakfast (bagels, fruit, cereal) and in the evening there is a pu pu selection from 5-7. In a sea of overpriced food you take the free stuff where you can get it.The valet (there is no self parking) is a scary $25 a day... a hefty price but on par with most of the other hotels in the area. Some hotels offer a discounted rate if you self park, so be sure to check it out.The restaurant (MAC 24x7) has some tasty food at reasonable prices. They have all you can eat spaghetti in the beginning of the week (I think Monday?) for $15, which is good if you are doing some serious hiking the next day. And to be sure, THEIR PANCAKES ARE HUGE!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>D55
<Content>Unexpected Upgrade We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and since I booked directly on the Hilton website, I decided to go for one of the guarantee rooms. In the comments I asked for something higher up with an ocean view. Both in our party (my mother and my husband and I) ended up with ocean view rooms. My mother on the 6th floor in an ADA room (as requested) and us on the 20th floor. So for $180 a night we ended up with an ocean view, not bad. The hotel was very nice, as we would expect for a Hilton property, close to everything too. I would say the only draw back was lack of air conditioning in both the lobby and the interior hallways. We couldn't wait to get back into our air conditioned room from a hike around Honolulu. Also some of the hotels have an open air lobby, to let the breezes in, this one didn't, probably because its on one the main bus lines and the noise and smell would not be a good idea. That being said, the bus is right nearby, as is a ABC store and its a short walk to the beach. We didn't eat at the hotel as there are so many other less expensive choices. Overall a very pleasant stay.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Brit63izzy
<Content>Nice hotel - newly remodeled! My husband I stayed at the Hilton Prince Kuhio for two nights. We're checking out today (heading for the cruise ship, Millenium that's waiting in the harbor for us!). We really enjoyed the hotel. It's been remodeled in a very modern style. The flat screen TV was great. True, as with other reviewers, we had a great view of the mountain, though you had to look past the other high rises/low rises to get there. The bathroom is nice, I loved the glass tabletops, the glass enclosed shower. Mac 24/7 is a great restaurant - try the blueberry pancakes (invite your friends!). These are 3 of the LARGEST pancakes we've ever seen! One can never eat them, but the bites you can are extremely savory! All in all, enjoyed the hotel -- we wouldn't stay here for a week's vacation --not because of the hotel, but because of Waikiki. It is crowded, and the populated beach scene is not for us. It was a nice walk to the beach though from the hotel. We ate at Roy's one nite for dinner -- it's down on Lewer's Street - all very walkable. The service and food at Roy's was incredible. In fact, the customer service during our entire stay was some of the best we've had. It was a great short stay!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>izziet
<Content>Great Location I selected the Hilton Waikiki Prince Kuhio Hotel after reading reviews on Tripadvisor. We arrived very late at night and were given a room right next to the elevators. We complained the next morning we were shifted immediately to another room . This room was one level lower on the 35th floor also with great views out over the ocean and Diamond Head. The executive floor includes Continental Breakfast which we had each morning. Also free internet use is available and as we were travelling without a computer this business room was used by us each day.The room had been recently renovated and was extremely comfortable. The bed would take the prize for the best bed on our six weeks of travelling and the bathroom was bright and extremely clean. The Crabtree  Evelyn La Source products in the bathroom were a luxury. The walk to the beach would be around five minutes.All in all a very good place to stay.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lisa31jane
<Content>Can't wait to go back... A few short weeks ago I was waking up each morning to the most amazing view from the 35th floor....This was a special trip for us - first time away like this without our 4 kids in over a decade and we were very pleased with our hotel choice.We booked an Executive Ocean View room over their website and got a great rate ( and paid in full when the Aussie dollar was 98 cents - phew!!), and were thrilled when we saw the view from our room. Being so high there was minimal traffic noise, and we also found our room to be quite sound-proofed from our neighbours.The bed and pillows were among the most comfy we've ever had in a hotel, and it was great to have a larger flat-screen TV to watch from bed. There was a little mini-bar-sized fridge that was empty, so we could fill it with sodas to take cold to the beach.We had a complimentary continental breakfast each day - cereals, bagels, pastries and fruit which was more than enough to get us started for the day, and the staff in the (temporary, below-ground) executive lounge were always so cheerful!We used the fitness centre each day and found it OK - the ellipticals needed some maintenance and it could use a few more weights, however we got most of our exercise in the ocean swimming and snorkelling anyway.We enjoyed the walk into the main drag each evening for dinner and always managed to catch the sunset with a drink in our hands first.My only real disappointment from our entire stay was the location of the wardrobe and what transpired as a consequence!! It was concealed behind the door in the bathroom and took us a while to find when first unpacking. Unfortunately I had succumbed to stomach flu from a bad oyster I believe and my husband did the packing on our last evening - he emptied all the drawers but forgot the wardrobe.I didn't remember this til mid-flight back to Australia!!I phoned the Hilton as soon as we landed and spoke with someone in house-keeping who had found our clothes - these were kindly packed and sent home to us at our expense. My big disappointment was that a few items were not sent home, and all of these had been on the same hangers with stuff that was in the parcel....Anyway, it was our fault they were left behind so I shouldn't complain. We were most grateful for all that DID make it safely home, however will always wonder what happened to my favourite top and pair of shorts...Apart from that one issue, we were ecstatic with all the hotel offered and it was ideal for a romantic week in Waikiki! I would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>H8UofFL
<Content>Hotel basically Ok, but get off of Oahu if you can As far as a Hilton property, this one is like most other 30-40 year old buildings in a downtown setting. The rooms were somewhat small but modern. The Diamond HHonors lounge was in the basement, but I think they were remodeling the one on the top floor. Valet parking only ($25 per day!) and a nice pool on the 10th floor. Its about a 3-5 minute walk to the beach and the main strip.I didn't eat in the hotel, but if you walk about 6-7 minutes to the Dukes on the ocean (inside the Outrigger) you will have a very nice meal for a reasonable price. Its the best tourist oriented place in Hawaii in my opinion. Now, for Oahu/Honolulu...i'm a bit biased as I had just spent the prior two weeks in remote luxury on Kauai for my wedding and Maui for my honeymoon. Coming to Oahu for my last 2 days in Hawaii was a shocker...picture a cross between South Beach and Los Angeles and that is Honolulu. Very crowded, extremely difficult navigation and traffic and congested. If you travel a long way to visit the tropical setting of Waikii beach you are in for a huge disapointment. Its like Central Park in NYC with a small strip of sand that is packed to the gills with tourists. If you enjoy a bustling downtown scene with a nice view of the ocean, then this is the town for you. But, if you are looking for a beach scene and a laid back tropical location, please do not come to Waikiki. Travel time from Hilton to Pearl Harbor was about 30-45 min early in the morning. I drove around most of the island and North Shore in 4 hours but got stuck in terrible traffic the last 3 miles getting into Waikiki. Unfortunately, most of Oahu seems to be either crowded, a tourist trap or both. I would only return here to connect at the airport to an outer island. Please see my other reviews of Kauai and Maui..they are much more upbeat than this one! :-)  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>thefriendlytraveler
<Content>OK to good for the price We just got back from 5 days and find the favorable reviews to be overstated.It is newly refurbished, clean, friendly staff, fine bed, good towels, nice tv, nice little lanai, good views. Also, to it's credit, the standards for hotels in Waikiki is rather low. What would normally be a luxury brand on the mainland often is weak and overpriced in Waikiki and this hotel is not currently overpriced at around 160-170 a night.However....don't get the wrong impression from reviewers who write how fantastic it is. Think of it more like a doubletree. Shower is good sized, but takes up most of the bathroom and leaks when you open the shower door, requiring you to mop it up each day with towels. It gets old fast. As does the closet behind the bathroom door. If your spouse is using the bathroom to shower after the beach, for example, you can't get into the closet without bonking one another. Cheap remote for TV (same one as the best western) sticks when changing channels. Pool closed for one day so that they could replace tiles that fell out. Bathrooms for the pool are on the floor below. Not a particularly good setting (although close to the bus lines if that factors into your plans).All of this is fine if you are getting a competitive price. If you are thinking luxury or regular Hilton, you will be disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>PeripateticDuo
<Content>Outstanding Hotel in Every Way We stayed here for our first 6 nights in Honolulu and absolutely loved the hotel - we transferred to the Hilton Hawaiian Village and wished we hadn't left here (see our review for that hotel - it was a great disappointment).The staff at the Prince Kuhio were so welcoming - the entire property was in pristine condition, and our room was very, very nice. At first we thought the room size might be a problem - it was a bit smaller than an average hotel room - but it was fine. We had plenty of room and appreciated the ample storage space. The glass blocks in the bathroom wall were a non-issue - you can barely see through them as is, and with the blinds down, there is complete privacy. We had an executive mountain view room (AAA rate of $190) and it was great - we enjoyed the free Internet, continental breakfasts and the evening snacks - and loved the view from our room at night, with the city lights. If we had only stayed in an ocean view room, we would have missed some of the beauty of Honolulu, I think.The restaurant, MAC 24/7, was so good - we ate there many times and found the food to be exceptionally fresh and delicious, and the prices were very good for Honolulu. We enjoyed being at the eastern end of Waikiki - lots of activity and people along the beach, great stores and restaurants nearby - but the hotel itself was very quiet. We enjoyed the business hotel atmosphere - it seemed more upscale, less touristy than other hotels we visited. The pool was fine - nothing elaborate, but very clean - and very few people (and no kids) on the days I went - and the ocean is just a block away. All in all, a wonderful hotel, with prices much lower than others in Waikiki - we will return!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TulsaTam
<Content>Great updated hotel at a reasonable rate       View from balcony at Hilton Prince Kuhio  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>MillerCorona
<Content>Good overall deal We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights part of our honeymoon trip of Hawaii. Check in was easy - we checked in a bit early but they still had a room for us and were able to accomodate us. We had booked a standard mountain view room. It seems they had set a side a room for us but she then realized we were on our honeymoon (it was in the hotel notes) and the room they had prepared for us was two double beds. She offered us that or a room on the 31st floor but it was right beside the elevators. I took the one on the 31st floor b/c we did want a king bed. The elevator noise was not that bad - sounded almost like a light thunder - and I am a light sleeper and it didnt bother me. We got an ocean view and it was amazing - looking right at Waikiki beach (i should mention I am a Hilton Diamond member so hence the upgrade). The rooms are small especially the bathroom! They are tiny and the shower is pretty small (no tub). But it was clean and modern. Our room also had an empty fridge so you could put stuff in there - we got 2 water bottles every night.We got access to the executive lounge and got free continental breakfast. The executive lounge was in the basement as they are apparently remodeling the other one. It was OK - Ive been to nicer lounges but alse to worse ones (ie Hilton Kauai). The breakfast was decent and exactly what I expected. Free wireless was available in the executive lounge - but I also manged to get free wireless in our room - so we didn't pay for internet at all during our stay. They also served appetizers from 5-6pm? or something like that - it was OK and was good to have a snack there.Overall, I thought it was a good value stay. We paid about 160 per night - it was very close to waikiki and we were able to walk everywhere. I was pretty happy with our stay and had no issues.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>spachick
<Content>Can't wait to go back in a few weeks! Today is a new dawn! I am thrilled with my stays at this property.It's not because of the lavish rooms with amazing views.It's not because of the generous food served in the Executive Lounge.It's not the amazing location.Quite frankly, its all about the staff.I purposely booked at this location AGAIN because last year when my husband and I celebrated our wedding/honeymoon there, I was amazed at the professionalism and friendliness of the staff.This year, when I arrived on business, I was thrilled to find the same consistent level of professional service. When you are away, on business, it's nice that the staff treats clients like family.From your front desk staff, evening turn down service staff, and Executive Lounge Staff every one was just wonderful.I had misplaced my laptop cable (somewhere) and the staff member Ali Lahip went above and beyond the call of duty by personally re-looking in my room after departure and calling me at my next hotel to follow up shows me that the staff means business!I just learned that I have another training day that I have to do in a few weeks and for sure I will be staying at that location againT. Bell -Washington, DC  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>QueenOfTravels79
<Content>Ok just for somewhere to sleep.. We stayed for 3 nights at the Hilton Waikiki Prince Kuhio after the first 3 nights in Hawaii at the Halekulani. It was probably unfortunate for the Hilton Prince Kuhio that we had just come from somewhere as amazing as the Halekulani, however, none the less, the Hilton Prince Kuhio had a few problems. The check in staff were not the most friendly people, we also received no offer at all to assist with our baggage. Whilst it is always nice to have the offer, atleast doing it ourselves meant one less tip we had to pay!The room itself was ok, updated with flat screen tv etc. However, as we came out of the lift and walked down the corridor to the room there was a funny smell - the only way I can describe it is as though it reminded me of my cat's kitty litter when it needs to be changed!?The pool was very disappointing. After spending a lot of time in the sun by the pool at the Halekulani, this is what I was looking forward to doing for the next 3 days also. We didn't end up going to the pool once at the Hilton - only a quick trip to have a look at it before deciding we would not go back and use it. The shopping trolleys stop just outside the hotel which makes it easy to hop on one of those, if booked on a tour whereby the bus comes by to collect you, the pick up area for the tour buses is less than 5 mins walk away which is also convinient. There are many ABC stores close by (as with everywhere around Waikiki!) and the beach is less than 10 minutes walk away with a McDonald's down on the corner. Location is ok. As we had an executive room, we were entitled to breakfast in the morning. This was quite a digrace though. On our first morning there, we headed down to the Executive Lounge at 10am after seeing the sign that the lounge was available until 10.30 and breakfast served there in the morning. When we got down there, we found that breakfast stops at 10am, but the lounge is open until 10.30am. The guy hesitantly let us still have breakfast and made the other guy stop packing away all the food onto the carts to be taken out of the room. Breakfast is very simple... pastries  fruit and basic cereal. Coffee is urn's is advertised as being Stabucks coffee but tasted horrible. A sign infront of the juices said one drink per person only. The lounge guy on that first morning made us feel very uncomfortable, as though we were intruding and being a nuisance that we came as they were cleaning up. He kept sticking his head around the corner to check on us and see if we were finished or had left.The Executive Lounge itself is also quite horrible. It is downstairs in the basement - a horrible walk down a basement corridor takes you into this dingy room set up with some lounges/tables and a couple of tv's. It is very much an after thought to the hotel, shoved down in the basement. Whilst this hotel served it's purpose, we made ourselves busy going out and about for the 3 days we stayed there as lounging around and relaxing in the hotel was not a nice option.Won't be staying here again when in Honolulu.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TransCon1
<Content>Very Nice Business Class Hotel in Honolulu I stayed three nights for business and found the hotel perfect my purposes. The renovated rooms were nice with the flat screen TVs and nice Hilton bed. The room was kind of small, and for a couple or a family it might be tight. The bathroom was a nice size, but no countertop space -- if my wife had been with me, she would not have liked that.The coffee shop in the lobby was fine for a quick breakfast or dinner. It took quite a while to get served or even acknowledged my first morning there. Quite a while . . . . .The exterior renovation was going on at the time so the balcony was closed off. The views on the mountain side were nice. I would be interested in seeing what upgrade I could get now that I am HHonors VIP Diamond (was only Gold at the time). The hallways were unairconditioned, which I found odd -- it was hot since there were only small ventilation slits in the window areas. The pool area was very windy -- not sure if that was just the condition that day or not.All-in-all a very decent business hotel. I think I would look for a different location for a family vacation.I enjoyed walking down to the strip for dinner and to look at the water (I was there for business -- maybe the only one), as a SoCal resident, I found a 24 Hr. Fitness location on the water also.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Schneestarre
<Content>nice Waikiki base Modern Hotel with nice rooms.Room was clean and newly refurbished and offered enough space for a couple. There was even a flatscreen TV. The minibar was way to expensive, though, as with most hotels. There was even a balcony, large enough to sit on, though we had to ask housekeeping to provide two chairs, first.The bathroom was a bit small, but clean and offered nice Crabtree  Evelyn amenities but no bathrobes or slippers.Overall service was quite well, especially for a Waikiki four-star-hotel.The lobby has a small gift-store and a coffee-shop with good pastries and Starbucks-coffee to go - it's not actually a Starbucks, though!Across the street is one of the ubiquitous ABC store.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Chris56NewJersey
<Content>Really Enjoyed Our Stay My wife, two children and I stayed for 4 nights, arriving Sunday, August 10th. Our flight came in a little later in the evening than expected but check-in (around 10:00 PM Honolulu time) was a breeze. Desk personnel, for the most part, were very pleasant and helpful and took the time to provide us with detail on the local restaurants, prices, food quality, etc. Our room was on the 20th floor, Mountain/Golf side, and had an excellent view of the city and the mountains off in the distance. Although our days, obviously, were very busy seeing the sights and visiting the beach, we did get a chance to see the sun set one evening which was awesome. The room was very well kept but a little on the small size for a family of 4. The balcony and open view of the mountains made it appear larger which was a big plus. Having a 42 inch LCD television to watch the Olympics live on our return from the day's activities was also a treat for the little (and big) kids. The bathroom was spacious and well stocked each day but for one set of towels (only 3 sets were provided), although another set was given us by staff when asked. My wife wasn't thrilled with the cracked glass wall and blinds that separated the bath from the bedding area, but the rest of us thought it was great. The closet in the bathroom was also unusual but didn't bother us as I noticed it did other reviewers of this property. We used the pool and hot tub on the 10th floor every evening on our return; it was never crowded and quite relaxing at the end of a busy day. We did not find the Concierge that helpful as she seemed to want to push guided tour packages. Although, as others have pointed out, public transportation was convenient and in expensive we were glad we rented a car. It gave us the flexibility to see the Island on our time and make the most of our stay. One tip on parking - the $25 parking fee on this property is stiff; if your on a budget as we were, we found parking at the Banyon hotel next door for $10 a real bargain - it also was a self-park eliminating the wait time to get to your car. Another tip, eating at this and other hotels in the Waikiki area is expensive unless you eat smart. We ate at several very nice restaurants in the area but chose their bar menus, where offered, and saved us about 1/2 the cost of the same dinner items offered in the main dining area. P.S. The beach and all the great shops along the Waikiki strip are within a short walk of the hotel - take the time to visit the market place for some nice negotiated bargains. In closing, we had a AAA rate which made this an exceptional bargain for a Hotel I would give 4 stars as a frequent business traveler. Aloha from 4 very satisfied New Jersians.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Miss_Pie
<Content>Excellent position near Waikiki Beach We booked this hotel after reading the reviews on this website and they gave a very fair assessment of the hotel. The hotel is in an excellent position only one block from the beach and very close to bus stops to take you in either direction round the island. The island has an excellent bus service with a journey only costing $2 whatever the length that it is.Our bedroom was lovely (on the 36th floor) with views to Waikiki Beach. There was some noise from the floor above where the workmen were refurbishing the executive lounge but that did not really bother us. The beds were very comfortable and the room was maintained to an excellent standard - spotlessly clean. The layout with the wardrobe in the shower room (there is no bath) we found a bit strange! To use the lift or to gain access to the pool on the 10th floor you always have to use your room keycard so security is tight. The pool was very nice with plenty of towels that you could use either by the pool or take with you to the beach - so no need to take your own beach towels on holiday. As the executive lounge is temporarily on the lower ground floor it is quite a trek for breakfast but again that did not really bother us. I do agree that the lounge was always very busy but we thought that the continental breakfast was very good with plenty of fresh fruit, bagels, pastries, yoghurts etc. If you are looking for a hotel with a 'holiday feel' about it then this would not be the hotel for you as there are a lot of business people in the hotel but perhaps that is why the pool is never crowded! We certainly enjoyed our fortnight's stay at this hotel and would not hesitate in recommending it to others.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>luvskittles
<Content>Great Stay at the Prince Kuhio Had a great 5 night stay at the Prince Kuhio. The room was very clean and comfortable, and the hotel staff were very responsive. As noted in other reviews, the valet parking can be a hassle but it's fine if you call ahead of time. The hotel is a very short walk from the beach, located in a great section of Waikiki. Overall, I'd definitely stay here again!!!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>worldtaveller18
<Content>A pleasant surprise at the newly renovated hilton hotel I stayed at the Hilton hotel from August 16-18th-You are one block from the beach. The Bus main bus line in Waikiki can pick you up for $2.00 and can take you up and down Waikiki or just walk-took me with a sore knee only ten minutes! I had a wonderful view of the moutains-the gym-and a temporary space had a large area for mats, pilates ball, free weights and bikes and stair master machines-the room-was the best-I felt so comfortable-the room is decorated in a contemporary styles---the 42 inch tv made watching the olympics at night great-and attached to the wall-the bathroom was so spacious-plenty of counter space-deep bath tub-strong shower head-and a make up mirror-they have a restaurant you can eat for any meal of the day-and a snack bar that i noticed was open early for a muffin or pastry something light-a Catholic Church was one block-the staff is quite friendly and would help me out-i had a positive experience-and for a seasond traveller-would highly recommend the hotel-I received an upgraded room as a hilton honors member-and that was a plus! great hotel, great value  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wakanaman
<Content>nice hotel, but why do they call the basement an executive lounge?... This hotel lives up to the usual (=high) Hilton standards: well appointed and nicely furnished (although maybe a bit small) rooms, helpful staff, excellent restaurant on site. Only problem is with the 'temporary executive lounge' which is a small, ugly, and usually crowded room in the hotel basement, where food and service are equally horrible. I don't know why the management bothers maintaining this lounge anyway: the hotel should simply be giving away breakfast vouchers for Hhonors VIPs just like every other Hilton without a lounge does. Other than that, it is a nice place to stay and gives a perfect break from the Waikiki buzz.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Eklaw
<Content>Small clean room Rooms built for style not practicality, Small closet in bath room behind door, Coffee pots under the tv in a small nook at ground level, ice bucket in bathroom, not enough closet or drawer space! Could not get wireless internet in our room, had to go to pool. But very clean and the staff is very nice!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>3	5	-1	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NavyMan76
<Content>Nice and contemporary hotel, but be prepared for the crowds at Waikiki. My wife and I stayed here for the first time and thoroughly enjoyed the stay. The room was contemporary and pristine, and we had a beautiful view of the beach. Overall, the amenities were great. Hotel pool was nice and never crowded. Wife didn't like the work-out room (only two treadmills), but, then again, who in the right mind books a hotel in Waikiki for the exercise room - it's vacation after all!Didn't care too much for the valet parking, especially when things got crowded. Hint - call ahead from your room for your car before you head down. You'll avoid the congestion, especially if you intend on leaving around check-in times.Concerige wasn't too impressive. She didn't have a good grasp of the local restaurants and was actually surprised that we turned down a coupon to the Macroni Grill. Ha!Free wireless internet in the lobby, but you gotta pay $10 a day in your room.Overall, great stay, but I'm definitely not staying in Waikiki again. It's just too crowded!!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>norcalnat
<Content>Great room--great location!!       View from hotel  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>msmegmog
<Content>Very convenient, lovely refurb - we'll be back       Front of Hotel  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Flossymac
<Content>Highly recommended We stayed at the begining of Aug and the hotel was fabulous! Great location, three minute walk to the beach. There is a little convenience shop in the lobby and another bigger ABC shop across the road. Room was spotless, and a good size. Nice bathroom products too!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>KaneoheBoy
<Content>Great Hotel and Great Bargain       King Bed Room  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sunnycc5
<Content>Convenient with Great View This hotel is within walking distance of the beach, ocean side restaurants and shopping. Even though the hotel is older, it was recently renovated. The rooms are very lovely with a sort of tropical asian motif. We stayed on the 36th floor and had a stunning view of Waikiki Beach. Our room had a chaise lounge, desk with chair, large high def wall mounted TV. The bathroom was small but storage space was very adequate. The only deficit in the room was a lack of drawer space for storing clothes. The staff were all pleasant and helpful with the exception of the concierge. She was not very forthcoming with requested information and gave the impression that we were interrupting her when we sought her services . We ate one evening meal at the hotel's 24 hour rest and had breakfast there each morning. It was adequate but not fine dining. Bar service and quality of drinks were very good. Parking is expensive! We walked to other restaurants for our remaining evening meals and enjoyed some very good meals while sitting oceanside in the open air. The Hula Grill was particularly pleasant. It's on the floor above Duke's.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Dewtrell
<Content>A Pleasant Surprise!       Room  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>ZiggyIreland
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed at the Hilton Waikiki Prince for a week in July. Hotel is currently being renovated so there were work men around the site.Rooms were newly renovated so they were lovely. Walls are very thin. We had a few sleepless nights due to noisy neighbours but as soon as we mentioned this to the hotel staff, we were immediately moved to a different room!Short walk to Waikiki beach and most restaurants and bars.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Kansasman
<Content>Prince Kuhio - good value and stay. We just returned from a 9 night vacation stay at the Hilton Prince Kuhio. Booked a very cheap rate at the hotel website several months in advance. We arrived late afternoon and within seconds had the key cards to our executive level - oceanview room on the 32nd floor. Front desk staff was welcoming and efficient. As reported, the rooms are freshly decorated with a lovely bath, linens and large HD flat screen tv. We encountered no negative staff experiences from any of the Hilton employees. Restaurant, lobby, bellman, housekeeping, executive lounge staff were always friendly and welcoming. We ate the the MAC 24/7 restaurant for two meals during our stay and had good food and service. The location is 2 long blocks (closer to 3) from Waikiki beach, just diagionally behind the Marriott Waikiki Beachfront Resort. Two downsides for us -- (and so subjective of course, as everyone has their own preferences on vacation) -- the pool was disappointing for us. Large patio with plenty of loungers . . . But --- No umbrellas, or cabanas -- so shade most of the day was non-exsistant. And no poolside wait staff or service. (which they show on the Hilton website) There is a pool bar staffed with a bartender, but we like to rent a cabana and spend the whole day lounging, eating and drinking - without having to leave our lounge chairs when we want a break from the sand and surf. No can do at the HPK. Also, the lobby bar, which is lovely to look at -- never opened or closed very early every night. One could go to the restaurant and sit at the counter for a drink, but not the same ambiance for a night cap. Those two things -- will probably take us back to the Marriott, Royal Hawaiian or Hyatt on Waikiki, which we have stayed at on previous visits and not back to the HPK. But generally, one gets what one pays for -- the Hilton Prince Kuhio was $100-$150 per night cheaper than what we have paid at the afore mentioned hotels for an oceanview room, poolside service, cabanas, etc.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>oztravman
<Content>Amazing Hotel - we checked in at 8am! Stayed here for four nights and at Turtle Bay for 3 nights... I wished I had stayed here for all 7 nights I was in Hawaii. I booked a non-refundable rate so it wasn't very expensive. Our flight arrived in Hawaii at a bout 6.30am, so we got to the hotel pretty tired at about 8am. Checkin was a breeze and they were happy to accomodate us so early.Because we had an room on the executive floor we had access to the executive room, which had free continental breakfast, snack throughout the day, deserts at night and light snack before bed. We ate breakfast here each day and had some light snack before bed, it was great. Internet access was free and the rooms were amazing. They were beautifully decorated, with a small balcony looking over the beach. They were very clean and we felt like we were the first people to stay in them. Location was great, a short walk to the beach.I can't wait to stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>bumpskier176
<Content>Great Hotel! If you're looking for a comfortable, modern hotel, this is the place. My wife and I were impressed with the modern room decor and the lobby. The room was clean and the bed comfortable. Great HDTV right on the wall. We ate breakfast at MAC 24/7 (their 24 hour restaurant) several times, and it was great. They also have a quick cafe in the morning right outside the restaurant where they have delicious carrot cake muffins. The hotel is in a great location, and a quick walk to the beach and the Waikiki Strip. We'd definitely stay there again, and you should too!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bmford
<Content>really nice time I stayed at the Hilton Waikiki Price Kuhio over the 4th of July weekend. First, I must say that the Hawaiian people are the most warm and welcoming of any people I've met all over the world. Everyone at the hotel went out of his/her way to say aloha and to ensure that my stay was wonderful. The hotel is newly a Hilton and completely renovated, however why weren't the hallways air conditioned? The location was very nice. It was only a few blocks from the beach and right in the heart of Waikiki. The plasma TV and all other amenities are great. The bathroom was very hip and modern (I hope you aren't very tall, or you won't fit in the shower). The lobby was great. The front desk never had a line, and although I never ate from the restaurant, the room service (prepared there) was delicious.Now, I am able to overlook almost any minor detail at hotels, but two things stood out to me for which I feel I should comment. The walls are paper-thin. I should have called the front desk to changed rooms, but that's just not my style. I'm just the type to wait it all out all the noise that kept me up until 4:30am. I honestly don't know what you do about noise pollution in a hotel, but for over $250/night, I didn't want to hear all of that.Secondly, the hotel has no self parking. They charge $25/night for valet. OK, for a major city, that's not bad. However, for $25/night I want my car now. The 4 times I went to get my car ranging from 12 noon to 7 pm, it took almost half an hour. The valet parkers were very busy and always appologized, but for $25 a night, I don't want to wait. I think they need to hire more valet, or offer self parking. I arrived at the last minute to the airport from the long wait at the valet.Overall, I think the Hilton Waikiki Prince Kuhio is a very nice Waikiki vacation. All in all, the value for the $ you spend is good. If they could sound-proof the rooms and offer $5/night self parking, this would have been a perfect vacation.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HawaiiLuvin
<Content>Excellent Hotel! Can't wait to go back!!! My family of four recently stayed at this hotel and I couldn't wait to write my review! This was our third trip to Oahu and this by far was our favourite hotel. It is very modern and the lobby was beautiful. We received great service from every single employee! I am very picky with hotels and I couldn't complain about anything regarding the Prince Kuhio. We'll definitely be back!!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pnear
<Content>NIce looking hotel, but I couldn't sleep We stayed at the Hilton Prince Kuhio for our first night in Hawaii after landing at the Honolulu airport. We arrived late, and the valets seemed busy (as they did at all times during the stay) but accommodated us.Check-in was smooth and polite, the lobby decor was very nice, but the elevator and the hallways to the rooms were hot. Inside the room, the decor was very nice although the room was smaller than I had expected. It would appear that the air conditioning runs on a motion sensor, so the room was very hot as well. I cranked the A/C as high as it would go.I hadn't slept at all on the plane, was tired and ready for some shuteye. Unfortunately the A/C took several hours to catch up to what I would consider a reasonable sleeping temperature, and the smoke detector flashed every 60 seconds or so, lighting up the room with a strobe-like quality.After a night of barely sleeping, I woke up and had a shower. I'm 6'5 and banged my head on the shower ceiling, but I suspect this wouldn't be an issue for most people.The best part of the room is the TV. As mentioned by others, it is a big beautiful LCD that is recessed into the wall. This is the only hotel I've ever seen where the hotel TV system actually runs in high definition with several local and satellite channels in HD. They also have a panel beside the desk where you can plug in your own computer or DVD player (VGA, DVI, Component Inputs plus 8mm audio jack). I travel alot, and this is the best hotel TV system I've come across.In summary, the Hilton Prince Kuhio is a very nice hotel with modern decor. It is located a very short walk from Waikiki beach. My wife liked it, but the bottom line for me is if a hotel can't manage to get me to sleep then it's not a good hotel. I will not personally be going back.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Bethannsd65
<Content>Wonderful Hotel and Staff!! I am at the hotel now and checking out tomorrow morning. I read the hotel reviews here on 'tripadvisor' for a long time when determining my stay. This hotel was wonderful, as were most of the reviews. We were here for 8 nights, we are in our 40's, did not bring our kids. The location is great.....one block off the main street so no noise issues, no huge crowds when you walk out of the lobby, no street vendors thrusting fliers in your face. The hotel is newly remodeled and the room we had was just wonderful. We upgraded to the 'concierge level' (we had to ask as the front desk did not offer it...as an FYI). For $40 more a night we got free high speed in room internet (which separately is $12) PLUS continental breakfast each AM, and heavy appetizers each PM, with cookies and nuts and sodas, coffee, etc available all day. The breakfast consisted of fresh fruits, muffins, bagels (and a toaster), yogurt, cereals, fresh juices. Snacks at night varied from egg rolls and sandwiches to ribs and noodles, plus fruits, cheeses, crackers, nuts, sodas, etc. One could easily make a decent dinner out of it. Back to the front desk....Devin is professional and helpful, a real asset and nice to work with. Patrick and Kyle and Frills were also very helpful whenever we needed anything.The bell desk...Franscesca recommeded Lulu's, about 4 blocks away, for light snacks and a drink while we waited for our room to be cleaned....and the place was perfect. We were upgraded to an ocean-view room on the 35th floor...amazing view. Nice sized patio with 2 chairs and a table where we brought up our free breakfast or snacks sometimes to eat. Flat-panel tv and HBO included. Bathroom was large enough for the 2 of us to move around and plenty of counter and storage space. Water pressure and AC were very good and strong. One inconvenient note...the new bathrooms have these decorative glass floor to ceiling windows about 18 inches wide on either side of the bathoom into the bedroom. One cannot see through them....but when the bathroom light is on it does light up the rest of the hotel room. My husband woke me up when he flipped on the light, not knowing it lit up the sleeping area. A night-light in the bathroom or a small light for that would be helpful. Also....I know this sounds stupid...but the bathroom trash can is soooo small nothing fits....even tissue. The can in the desk area is fine and we had to put that one in the bathroom. Weird but it worked out. Just an observation....not a huge issue. Housekeeping was decent...hotel was booked completely so they had their hands full, and did a nice job. Halls always clean and vacuumed, glass clear and not all covered in finger-prints!We had sushi across the street at Sensai (3rd floor at the Marriott) and the food was delicious and reasonable for sushi in Waikiki. When walking about we found a brand new Thai restaurant called Siam Square...tucked away upstairs and worth the effort to find. It was on the corner of Kuhio and Lowers...maybe a 12 minute pleasant walk down Kuhio from the hotel.Parking here is $25 a night, with in and out privileges. However, we got a tip from Enterprise car rental and right next door at the Wakiki Banyan...literally a 30 second stroll...parking is $10 for the same thing, and no tipping and no waiting for the bell desk to bring you the car. Best tip we got and we used it and saved $15 plus tips and time every single night we had a rental!!! Bed and linens were top notch. Hotel was always clean. I used the pool one afternoon and it was spotless and quite nice. Loungers and also covered loungers were readily available and there was a pool-side bar and snack shop, towels, etc. Also good security as far as no one can access the room floors unless they insert a valid room key. Our neighbors in the next room had a screaminig kid on the balcony at 6 AM and when I called the front desk they had someone up there in minutes to quiet the child down. I don't mind kids but at 6 AM screaming....that is not good and they were on it quickly. There were some kids here, all were behaved that I saw. Many business people and there is a full 24 hour business center that is free...email, fax, printer, etc. What a help. I would 100% stay here again and will be back in March for a conference. This hotel has excellent service, staff and rooms. We normally stay at the Royal Hawaiian, which is closed for a remodel, and we were not at all disappointed in this hotel. Devin at the front desk was just superb. Other than the stupid trash can and bathroom lights....absolutely a great hotel.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dr_freud
<Content>A truly great place to stay We stayed here for 6 nights. We booked a king ocean view room which was on level 23. As the hotel has recently been renovated the rooms are very pleasant with bright wall decor and linen which creates a pleasant welcoming atmosphere. They obviously had a good interior designer because although the bathrooms are quite small one doesn't really notice this because there are two windows with attractive frosted glass between the bathroom and bedroom which creates a light feeling. The vanity and shower are clean and fresh. Plenty of good towels as others have said and medium quality shampoo etc. We had a lanai with good view of ocean and beach only partially obstructed by one tall block in front but really not a problem .It would be on floors lower than perhaps 15 because there is also a church which would obstruct some views. On the other side of the hotel are pleasant mountain views and at night this is actually spectacular because there are houses on the mountain which creates a sort of dome of lights which is pretty.The hotel lobby is very attractive, open, spacious and a good place to hang about and use the wifi internet. Pity they haven't yet extended this to the rooms but you can pay for cable internet in the room. The flat screen HDTV in the room is great but when we tried to connect our Australian bought DVD player we couldn't get a picture. On the other hand our MacBook air connected fine with the right cables.Some people complain that the valet service for parking is in the lobby - this is nonsense - it is outside the foyer and there is a reasonably fast service to bring your car - there is no self-parking.The 24 hour restaurant has a good vibe and the food was interesting and tasty.The hotel is away from the main drag of Waikiki Beach but only 5 minutes or so walking to the more busy part of town and we liked the fact that it is close but quieter.Generally excellent value for money and comfortable including the lovely beds. Don't waste your money on one of the other huge places nearer the beach - it really won't be worth the extra money.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	3	4	

<Author>mooksville
<Content>NOT a business hotel - service sucks Stayed here for a week on business back in May. Would NEVER go back. Recently changed management to HILTON and employees are cleary very unhappy. They completed a big renovation and it shows in the design of the very modern rooms that look identical to the modern 21st century HILTON rooms have seen in other cities (including NYC). Flat screen TVs, cable hookups, and nice bathrooms. Only drawback, doesn't feel very Hawaii if you are looking for that.More importantly, customer service at this hotel was HORRIBLE! Employees are clearly disgruntled and disempowered. Countless (and simple) requests to front desk, room service, and business center went ignored and were screwed up (with a very surly attitude, even when our concerns were raised to management). We called in advance to make sure their business center (they claim to be a business-centered hotel) could accommodate our need for a few hundred photocopies...they made us feel like criminals and second class citizens, and their equipment did not work properly. They refused to give us paper until we threatened them with a formal complaint. The 24-hour restaurant delivers pretty decent food, but again service is dramatically absent, and it takes 35 minutes to get your food, even when they are practically empty. Room service is even worse - one night we had to put in our order three times for it to finally be delivered to our room.Again, stay away from this hotel, especially if you are on business. The rooms are nice, and the location is cool for Kuhio Ave, a few blocks back from waikiki boardwalk. But the service is a major dealbreaker.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	3	4	2	1	1	

<Author>LeDash
<Content>Nice stay at Prince Kuhio       Kuhio Beach from the balcony  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jabali69
<Content>Awesome The Prince Kuhio is a beauty of a hotel. I was immediately impressed by its majestic lobby and cordial staff member. The rooms are 5 stars. The food at MAC 24 was good and the pool clean and warm. I'd stay here again and again.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>dmac72
<Content>FAB hotel right off the main strip       King-size bed room  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>scotslass1980
<Content>Best hotel I have ever stayed in! When my partner and I arrived at the Hilton Waikiki Prince Kuhio Hotel, our first impression was wow! The hotel is absolutely beautiful and our room was lovely. I would revisit Waikiki just to stay in the hotel! I would highly recommend staying there, I could not fault any part of it.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelgirl047
<Content>Hilton Prince Kuhio was GREAT!! I stayed at the Hilton Waikiki Prince Kuhio Hotel in March 2008 and plan to stay there again when I return to Hawaii. This hotel is located in the heart of Waikiki and it's easy to walk to all the shops and restaurants in the area. The staff was really friendly, and did everything possible to make me feel at home, especially since I was there for business and not traveling with family. They greeted me by name every time I entered or left the hotel. I had dinner in the lobby bar one night and talked to other repeat guests that make this hotel their home away from home. When I mentioned that I liked the music playing in the lounge area, the asst manager even loaned me the CD to make a copy! The rooms are decorated in a new, contemporary way, and I took pictures for ideas for my own home. The rooms have a large screen tv and very comfortable bedding. The views from the walk-out balconies are fantastic, especially on the higher floors. While the location is one block off the beach, this was not a problem as beach access is great. They have a full continental breakfast available for Hilton Honors members, and there's no cost to join, so it's a good way to save a few bucks on breakfast everyday--especially for families. There were a lot of families staying at the hotel, as well as couples and business people. The room rate was lower here than at the other Hilton or Doubletree hotels and in a better, more central location. Overall, my experience was great and I would definitely recommend staying at the Hilton Prince Kuhio!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Akalliecat
<Content>Very Nice Place With Very Friendly Staff!       The Pool At The Hilton Prince Kuhio  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Superbuyer
<Content>Regular Hilton - Nothing Special Just a regular Hilton. Not as good as the Village.I am a Hilton Diamond member  the upgraded ocean view room they gave me was a Regular Parking Lot view room.It is a older hotel that has had some work done on it.I would not recommend for a good Waikiki vacation.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>mamazuna
<Content>really enjoyed our stay!! We really enjoyed the hotel. People were friendly and the rooms were terrific. The TV was great and the beds were really comfortable. The bathroom was huge and towels and amenities were first class. We had adjoining rooms with my son and his family and just can't find anything to complain about except for the size of the refrigerators - very small. But it was great to have a fridge! Free internet service was available in the lobby but it would have been nice to have it in each room. Some people have complained about the valet only parking - we thought it was great, especially since it is tough to find parking around the hotel. $20.00 a day with in and out priveleges was well worth it to us. Pool was nice and pool bartenders were really nice. Elevators were fast. All in all, a great stay.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>RockThisBeach
<Content>Perfect for us! Background: We are in our mid-twenties, travelling for leisure and some adventure. Spent 8 days, all on Oahu. Booked this Hilton (standard room) through TripRes.com , which gave us a rate of $157 per night, with the 8th night for free.Location: Yes, the hotel is NOT right on the beach, but it's NOT FAR from it. It's an easy 2-block walk ( you can see the beach from the ocean side windows of the hotel from the higher level floors). It's on Kuhio Road, which is one street away from Kalakaua, the busy,popular road. Mapquest this prior to booking so there is no confusion about the location. There is an ABC convenience store right across from it (which was great for things we needed to pick up, here and there) and 1 block away from McDonalds, Haagen Daz, and other restaurants. I actually preferred this location over the other busy ones.Parking: It is valet only, for $20 / day but with in/out priveleges. It worked out well for us, though I understand ppl's concern with the price. We liked the convenience of just being able to pull up and not worry about parking or walking far. We were always in /out of the hotel and this worked out best for us.Room: We got the standard mountainview room, which was good for us. Newly renovated. Very soft bed! Great flat screen t.v. with lots of plugs to use with your laptop, your camera, or any other gadget. The only thing that might bother some ppl is that the bathroom has glass windows that overlook the bedroom. BUT, they did put blinds on them, so you can close them if you're sharing the room with ppl you are not that comfortable with. There is an in room safe, fridge,ironing board, and best of all, a cuisin-art coffee maker with FREE kona blend coffee,tea,etc . This was a great treat, as we had coffee every morning, and they even provide the portable cups so you can take your coffee out with you! As for noise, we were on the 19th floor, and there was no street noise to speak off from up there. Housekeeping: Was always on point! One day my bf left something upstairs, and as he walked up to our room, the housekeeper was there. When he said he left something in the room, she first asked for his keycard, made sure it swiped correctly on the door, before really letting him in!!! My bf appreciated this act as it assured us an extra sense of security. We always had fresh towels, new mugs + coffee everyday. We left a tip of 1-2 dollars daily. Internet: There is FREE internet in the business center 24 hours a day. OR, if you brought your laptap, there is FREE wifi hot spots in the lobby and in the pool area. You only paid for internet if you really wanted it in your room. But if you're only checking emails, doing small things (like my bf checking bball scores and our flight info), then it's super convenient to just walk to the business center and use it all for FREE.Any other questions, feel free to msg me here!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>PugGirl11
<Content>Loved It! It was great! After my ten hour flight we walked into a beutiful hotel! The staff was nice and they gave us moist towels that were warm and smelt like almonds. It was very refreshing! We had a pretty good room - they gave us free fruits and nuts and the beach was right by us and everything was in a walking distance. For breakfast you could go down stairs and get smoothies and lots of good things for breakfast. It had a very good pool over looking the beach and great taniing spots. The hotel had a spa, a gift shop, a cafe, and much more. I L it!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LenM
<Content>Beautiful Room, Great Service/People, POOR location       Large, flat screen, true High Def pictures  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>boardinshanny
<Content>Fab Hotel        View from the 25th Floor - Beach Side  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>littleone3
<Content>Great Hotel! We stayed at the hotel one night before getting on the crusie ship. The room was great. We spent $160 a night which I thought was a good value for this hotel. The rooms have been renovated so everything in our room was new. They had a flat screen TV along with brand new fixtures in the bathroom. The mountain view room was nice and the lanai was nice to look out from. The parking here was valet only, but for $20 a night with in and out privileges this isn't bad. The staff was very helpful. Overall I would stay here again.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>love2travelgal
<Content>Great hotel I thought this was a great hotel in a good location. The room was very modern and clean with nice amentities including modern bathroom, wall-mounted flat screen tv and nice furniture. I would recommend this hotel for a nice stay in Honolulu.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Jmed82
<Content>Great Hotel, New Trendy and Sleek Look My wife and I traveled to Hawaii for our first time. We are both Senior Sales Managers at hotels. Our hotel company did not have the employee rate available for anything in Oahu over our preferred travel dates so we went out on limb and stayed with the competition. WOW are we glad we did, this hotel was a gem. Apparently they converted the property from a Radisson to a Hilton within the last year. They did a great job, I have stayed in lots of Hilton's in the past and this is one of the best. The rooms were bright and new, with 42 plasma TV's in every room. In addition to the nice TV all of their rooms have balconies that you can actually walk outside and see the beach. I believe they have around 600 rooms with meeting facilities for 200-300. Being in the business I took it upond myself to check out their meeting space and once again it was nice. I would book another leisure trip to this hotel or meeting or convention. Great service, location and restaurant is open 24/7 with good food. This hotel was well worth our money.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ume
<Content>Fabulous Hotel  We absolutely loved staying here. We have been traveling to Hawaii for over 25 years, but have never been to Oahu. So we decided to do the tourist thing and stay in Honolulu for 5 nights. We chose this hotel as it is off the main drag, but still within walking distance to the shops and beach. Ali at the front desk was extremely helpful and very professional in helping us find the right room. I would recommend a corner room as it has the largest deck space. The hotel has just gone thru renovations so everything is new and beautiful. Our housekeeper on the 27th floor made sure that our room was always clean. The pool area was still undergoing construction, plus the location on the 10th floor is extremely windy. Parking was easy and fast, both getting into the hotel and leaving the hotel.I would highly recommend this site for both the hotel and it's wonderful staff.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>exploretheshore
<Content>Even better than in the past We have enjoyed the Prince Kuhio in the past, and found it much improved now that it's a Hilton. The rooms are stylishly decorated, and the new configuration of the enlarged bathroom is perfect. And then there's the Hilton bed! We reserved an oceanview room and were not disappointed. However, we had to request an additional balcony chair, as there was only one. It was immediately delivered. Several of the patios had no furniture, so that seems to be a work-in-progress. The pool area is adequate, and did not seem to have been remodeled. The hot tub appeared broken - cordoned off - with no note stating the issue and when it would be repaired. For guests who expected to use it (not me) that could be a problem--and the hotel should have been all over the situation. No one was working on it, so no visible signs of being addressed.The 24/7 restaurant looked expensive, and we didn't go there. The location of the hotel is so perfect, in terms of walking to the beach, restaurants, and/or taking the bus anywhere on the island, that we didn't feel constrained in our dining options. We had a great time and expect to return next year.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lovethesunMinnesota
<Content>Hilton was great! We stayed at the Prince Kuhio in April 2008 and absolutely loved it. The hotel was very clean  modern and the employees were friendly and helpful. We were upgraded from a mountain view room to an ocean view room on the 11th floor, it was wonderful. We had a corner room with a balcony that rapped around the mountain side of the hotel, so we got wonderful views of the water, mountains and city. It is not right on the beach, but it is only a short two block walk, which wasn't a big deal at all. We could still see Waikiki Beach from our room. I am very fussy about cleanliness in hotels and I was very pleased with Prince Kuhio. Even the corners in the bathroom were clean, which doesn't happen very often. The bed was VERY comfortable, almost as comfortable as our own bed at home and the sheets were really soft. Our stay included breakfast at the 24/7 cafe, which was very good. One warning for those thinking about the pancakes....these are not your ordinary sized pancakes. I am not exaggerating when I tell you that these things are as big as hub caps on your car, and you get THREE of these bad boys! MY advice is that you might want to share the pancake plate. They were delicious! The pulled pork sandwich was also very good and the fried pickles...to die for!!! Price wise, it was a little spendy to eat at the hotel, but this is Hawaii and things are expensive everywhere. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Honolulu.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gktmd2
<Content>Nice I was pleasantly surprised at this hotel. The rooms were beautiful. We did not eat at 24/7 but it was definitely the local hang out after hours. There was quite of bit of noise that made it in from the street below but such is Honolulu.If I had to stay in Honolulu I would stay here again. The work out room is a joke.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BizTravelLady
<Content>GREAT except for the thin walls! Beautiful hotel, totally upgraded BUT the walls are too thin! OMG I heard almost everything my neighbors were saying in the early morning and late evening hours. I almost switched to a room that was next to other vacant rooms, it was annoying. This was the only drawback.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mangotreebaby
<Content>Love the Hotel The room was very modern with brand new flat screen TV. They upgraded me to the ocean view room which is definitely one of the best within the waikiki beach area. It was located at the center of the waikiki beach area, with easy access to both shops and the beach. The staff of the hotel provided first rate service as well. Small dessert was provided every night to the room for free. It was a hotel with greatest value. Hilton Hawaiian Village was so much worse compared with this hotel, although they are both under Hilton Family.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>John_sg0107
<Content>Pure Class !       Stunning Hawaii  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>rkn777
<Content>Fair price, great hotel I stayed here for two nights on business, Location was great, good proximity to large mall and eating areas, an easy walk to convention center. Hotel had shuttle to Waikiki beach and shopping. I used the spa and got an average massage at a high price. Internet was $12 per day. Small coffee shop with sandwiches in lobby, that was nice when I was running late. They did NOT accomidate a late check-out, and I find that irritating. But it was a great location, easy to get around with no car, and a good comfy room while on business.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hollygb22
<Content>Ok... I tagged along on a business trip, so I'm unable to comment on price....We stayed at the Prince Kuhio for 7 nights. The rooms were newly rennovated and very nice, nice flat screeen TV's, modern feel to them. It was a little small, but did the trick.One thing that drove me crazy...the bathroom. Each one had two glass walls. We figured out the glass panes had blinds and drew those (w/o doing this you can see someone go to the bathroom.) however, if anyone gets in the middle of the night, even with bathroom blinds drawn, the whole room is illuminated if the bathroom light goes on. Also, if you're not traveling with a significant other...the shower doors are glass and you can see everything the showering person is doing.The balconies were nice, no furniture on them so we opted to upgrade to a king bed vs. an ocean view.I liked the pool. i did read rvws about it being too windy etc on the 10th floor, but I welcomed the breeze...it got pretty hot out. Only complaint, some days there was a bar open, other days when I could really use a drink the bar was just closed.Mach 24/7....the hotel restaurant--everyone at the pool chatted about hoe $$ and gross it was. it was always empty for dinner. We only dined there once for breakfast and had the pancakes...14$ but could easily serve 4. It was worth it.Hotel gym- i went there 3 times. Pretty scant..only 2 treadmills, and there were always 5-6 people in there. There's only one weight bench. another hotel go-er took a chair in there. Some hotel employee came in and yelled at him saying it wasn't allowed. He said fine, take it back and she was refusing to move it. Big scene over nothing. Gym is supposed to be adults only, there were always kids running around which irked me.My biggest complaint....our final night there, we got back around 10:30. My boyfriend ran to the ABC store across the street to grab a soda. He came running into our room 10 minutes later grabbing me by the arm...he pulled me outside because the hotel pool bar on the 10th floor was engulfed in flames. we ran down stairs (we were on the 14th floor) and the whole lobby was full because there was a prom on the 3rd floor. No fire alarm ever went off and no one gave us notice. The hotel evacuated the 3rd floor and on down. You think the sensible thing would be to evacuate the entire building. We went outside and the fire dept wasn't there yet. A valet worked told us to wait on the sidewalk, meanwhile, chunks of burnt debris was falling off the 10th floor. Fire dept got there screaming at us to move across the street, the fire hydrant was unleashed spraying poor prom goers.The whole situation was poorly handled...maybe b/c I'm from RI where there was a massive nightclub fire that killed 100 people that I think this situation should've been handled more seriously. We were allowd back in 45 min. later and the front desk man said it wasnt that serious and not life threatening...the whole roof of the pool bar was burnt off and you could see flames shooting off the tenth floor from the street????  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tntbennett
<Content>More than meets the eye...       Ocean View from Balcony  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tuskegee
<Content>Great price and Location Checked in and recieved an upgrade to an ocean view room. The hotel rooms are very modern and sleek. Before booking I read several reviews citing the glass in the bathrooms made things to visible. Not the case at all, we loved the cracked glass decor. We ate once at the MAC 24/7 Restaurant, food was good. Hotel is very close to beach, a short 3 minute walk. All the shopping areas can be reached by walking 5-10 mins. You are vacation so walking shouldnt be a problem. There is also a bus stop right outside the hotel, which is $2 pp plus one free transfer. Overall we definitely recommend this hotel to friends and will return.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>happynewlyweds08
<Content>I didn't want to leave I stayed at this Hilton for a week with my husband. We just got married and picked Hilton Prince Kuhio to spend our honeymoon. We had booked a city view executive floor. upon check in, we were told by the desk agent that we were upgraded to an Oceanview on the executive floor which included free continental breakfast and evening appetizers. I travel a lot on business and for pleasure so i'm really going to tell you the truth.CHECK IN: A breeze...again upgrade to a beautful oceanview that also faced diamond head. They even gave us a drink certificate for a half bottle champagne. Very informative. Friendly staff!ROOM: Great beds, greats beds, great beds! Clean, clean, clean. We had turndown service on a nightly basis. Everynight we would receive 2 bottles of water and 2 cupcakes. Housekeeping...Frindly Staff!RESTAURANT: A bit pricy, as the other reviewers mentioned, good food though. Friendly Staff!POOL: Pool was a bit windy, maybe because it was located on the 10th floor. Jacuzzi to keep you warm. Pool bar was great with limited food items. Friendly Staff!LOBB BAR: Great gathering place and it seemed to be everytime we headed there about 6pm. Great place to get your night started. They serve the same food as the restaurant. Friendly Staff!BUSINESS CENTER: 24Hrs free....if it was staffed i'm sure they would've been friendly.VALET: Some days took a little longer to get the car but.....Friendly Staff!FRONT DESK: Always greeted us by name and treated us like old friends. Friendly Staff!Now do you know why we didn't want to leave...Friendly Staff! Till next year  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jasmine21
<Content>The Best Stay in Honolulu, Oahu, Hawaii Dear Future Hotel Stayers, My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hilton Prince Kuhio resort and it was fantastic! The Service was amazing: front desk, concierge, etc. The hotel staff went above and beyond to help make our stay as comfortable as possible. We stayed on the 28th floor with an ocean view, and it was so lovely. Our room was beautiful, clean, and so comfortable.The 24 hour business center was also wonderful! It gave us a chance to stay in touch with family and keep up with school postings. I would definitely stay at the Hilton Prince Kuhio again! I especially recommend that when you stay there you get to know the staff like we did: (especially Ali O. Lahip)Mahalo Nui Loa, Ali O. LahipAssistant Front Office ManagerHilton Waikiki Prince Kuhio HotelHave fun and go to Hawaii, its so magical!Lots of Love,Elle and Andrew  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>laclub_promoter
<Content>Perfect I'm a dj/promoter from LA and was in Hawaii for the whole spring break fiasco, so I really appreciate hotel's that are modern, hip, trendy. I was looking at some of my options in Waikiki, and decided to stay at the Hilton Prince Hotel instead of the Waikiki Parc(Was my first choice). To be honest with you, I actually checked into the Parc and didn't like the vibe to it. Don't get me wrong that hotel was pretty trendy and almost like the hotels in L.A. I wanted to be close to the beach, yet away from the busy street's of Waikiki. My sister who lives and works in Waikiki told me about MAC 24-7. Cool restaurant, i must say. After dinner, I asked the front desk person if I could see a room, and when i did decided to make reservations for the next night. I'm glad I did, the rooms weren't your typical Hilton rooms, it was modern...awesome bathrooms I might add. they had a nice bar at the lobby but they closed the bar at about 10pm...a little early than what I used to.I will recommend this hotel to my contacts and i'm sure they will be just as happy as i was.POSITIVE: Clean/Modern rooms, nice pool, great staff.NEGATIVE: Guest parking $10?, Room service took way too long, and that damn green blinking light in the room.Other than that....my stay was impressive.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Gerrits
<Content>Totaly Rehabed! A block off Kalakaua, very close. Rooms were very nice nd well appointed. Towls full, lush, and new, Bedding excellent....Pillows, pilows! No bathtub, only shower....sort of a bummer. Modern bath. Nice lanai w/ chairs. Great view. Very clean. Restrant was very good and good room service. Valet parking attendants were very sweet and cool (helpful) as was everyone at the rereception and front desk. Pool area was ok. A good biz hotel next to fun. Free internet access.Treated me very special.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lentz
<Content>Great place to stay We stayed at The Hilton prince Kuhio for three nights before heading to Kauai for two weeks. We have been to Oahu before so just wanted a place to begin the relaxing vacation in Hawaii. This hotel fit the bill. The hotel had been renovated and is very, very nice. We had an oceanview room and had a fabulous view of the ocean, diamond head and the skyline. Everything was new, clean and modern, very comfortable bed, huge bathroom, great pluch towels, crabtree and evelyn soaps and shampoos and a great plasma tv. The lobby is gorgeous, the staff was very friendly and the location was great. It is a very short walk to the beach and the nice quiet end of the beach. Convenient to dining, shopping and everything you could possibly need. The pool is on the 10th floor and I diagree with previous posters that the pool is small. It is a nice pool and plenty of chairs and lounges, it was never crowded. There is a pool bar for tropical drinks, water, pupus and light ,meals available which was very nice. This hotel is a great value for the amenities and for the location. We would stay here again without any hesitation. This was our 15th trip to Hawaii and we have stayed at lots of different places. I think you would be happy with your choice.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>b_wilson77
<Content>Unexpected Suprise It was a very nice change from Denver, Colorado. My girlfriend and I stayed at the Hilton on March 1st. I must say, It was a pleasant surprise, this hotel is very modern from the bar in the lobby, the restaurant, the rooms, the hallways...everything! We had a blast, especially with the front desk and the young lady working the bar in the lobby...oh and Miles at the pool bar was really cool too. I highly suggest this hotel to anyone. The only strange part was that, there were no chairs on the balcony so it was hard to enjoy our oceanview room. On the second day, we inquired about balcony chairs and when we came back from the beach, there were 2 balcony chairs. Two thumbs up on service. It seems like all the reviews are pretty accurate. So travelers try this place out. We are already planning our next trip and we are going back to the Hilton Prince in June.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FlipperGirl
<Content>Great Hotel off the beach in Waikiki I've stayed time and time again at the Hilton Prince Kuhio in Waikiki. I used to stay here quite a bit when it was the old property, Radisson Prince Kuhio. Since turning over to the Hilton name the property and guest rooms have been renovated and many of the old problems I used to find are now gone. Overall it is very clean, very modern, has very helpful and friendly staff, and offers all the things you would expect when travelling on business as well as bearing the Hilton brand.I give this place 4-stars b/c I travel here on business. For families or those in groups, I'm not sure if I would stay here b/c the rooms are a bit small and it is a full long block away from the beach. It is not a bad walk and i don't mind personally, but some on vacation wishing to be closer to their rooms from the beach might be disappointed to not be RIGHT next to or on the beach in Waikiki. It is, though, in my opionion, on the prettiest side (Diamond Head) of Waikiki -- close to the Duke statue and the beautiful Kapiolani Park, zoo, aquarium, etc.One of the reasons I would think twice about sharing this room with friends or for families is this. The rooms are all modern now -- the bathrooms have these two windows designed of cracked see through glass that look into the rest of the room. It is a bit weird. If you have companions, when you use the bathroom, the light will shine into the whole room. There are metal blinds to offer privacy, but not that much privacy. The bathroom also is where the closet is. The only real problem i have with this hotel is I tend to get rooms that have adjoining doors to another unit. I assume there are rooms that don't have adjoining doors. But even so, when in your room with the TV off you can HEAR a LOT. You can hear doors slamming from the other rooms from the hallway and through the adjoining door you can easily hear conversations from the people next door. It can be disturbing and is disappointing for this hotel.Other than that, I would highly recommend this property. Everything else about the hotel is pretty superb. It is not a fussy, huge resort like you can easily find in the rest of Hawaii, which is what i like most of all being on business travel. Final notes and tidbits about the property:-The tub, tile, LARGE counter top and side tables, in the bathroom are very nice, super clean, and modern. Some rooms have nice stand up showers and no tub. Hairdryer, iron, tolietries, really nice towels are all provided.-The beds are super comfortable, there are plenty of nice pillows, and clean linens. You have a large flat panel HD TV in the room (with a data/connection center), you have to pay for in-room internet ($10.95!), but it is free if i remember using wireless in the lobby areas and pool deck. There is a safe, a large cabinet dresser, a desk, night stand, and chair in the rooms with two beds (and i think the same for kings).-Parking is Valet ONLY and it can get backed up waiting for your car when events are going on or letting out in the hotel.-The Mac 24-7 restaurant in the lobby is GREAT -- has huge portions (prices on the moderate to higher than average side for Waikiki). It's open 24 hours making it convenient, but the food and service is great there (this is where the room service is delivered from, too).-The pool is on the 10th floor and is kinda small, but has a nice little pool bar (pupus and drinks) and large deck. It can get windy up there, but I love hanging out there.-The location is fine for me, rooms that are higher up that face the ocean actually can have a good view. Even the city view or mountain view rooms higher up can be nice.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>businesslv
<Content>One of The Best...thank you Hilton I recently stayed at the Hilton Waikiki Prince Kuhio, what a BIG difference from their sister property, Hilton Village. Much more quiter, faster valet service, and more smiling faces. I had an Oceanview room with a wrap around balcony on the 18th floor, the view was breathtaking. I did have problems with the televsion however, it got resolved immediately. The front desk is great, they are ready and willing to give recommendations...great ones at that.unlike the Hilton Village where it seemed like they had no time. I wish they had more dining facilities though because the restaurant prices was a little bit on the higher side. The rooms was always clean. I will be back to this Hilton as I travel to Hawaii 4 times a year. Thank you Hilton for taking over this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kevin_WalnutCreek
<Content>Great Room for business travel I stayed at this Hilton for a couple of nights on a business trip.The room was one of the nicest I have stayed in . The room was good size with a king size bed that was very comfortable with many pillows. The 42 plasma screen was fantastic. Many hotel rooms have limited lighting for work and this had very bright lights. They had a nice laptop connection panel with multiple connections and power outlets. I paid $172/night (+ $11/day for internet access) for a mountain view room on the 19th floor. I would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Shirleypyeung
<Content>Highly Recommend Great location, value, facilities and well suited for families. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at this massive hotel, with its restaurants, bars, pools and shops. It is also only a short walk to the centre of Honolulu.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JEckersley
<Content>Great location The Hilton Prince Kuhio is wonderful. The staff is beyond friendly and here to do whatever necessary to make your stay more comfortable.Parking is valet only...$20/day...a little spendy...but super fast service.Don't eat at the hotel restaurant....super expensive and not that great. There is an iHop down Kuhio...go there.The pool is great.the rooms are comfy, bed is very comfy and the bathroom is also quite roomy.If you are a Government employee make sure you say so when you book...the rates are great. I got $149/night....AMAZING in Waikiki!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wubear
<Content>Great value for your dollar in Honolulu What a pleasure it was to stay at this newly renovated hotel! The staff ROCKS! I was given an ocean view on the 30th floor and it was fantastic! Very little wait for the elevator; extremely comfortable bed; cool bathroom decor and (did I tell you) the service is GREAT! Great amenities - 2 blocks to beach, bus stop across the street, a couple of streets from the Food Pantry and good restaurants and entertainment nearby. The downside is that you have to pay for internet access in your room, but there is free access at the pool and lobby. 2 other great things is that the gym was available 24hrs/day and the TV in the room was fantastic. BTW, Ali (asst front desk manager) knows his stuff. He is going to be manager real soon.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Type-A_Planner
<Content>Hilton Waikiki was Paradise My husband and I stayed at this hotel during a conference - we could not have been happier with our stay. Our room was beautiful and clean. The staff was friendly and helpful. We appreciated the attention to detail in the room - lamps on dimmer switches, lots of bathroom counter space, room service from the 24-hour diner in lobby. We also used the business center - convenient and accessible. We were especially pleased that the staff helped extend our check-out time (for a fee) in order to let us make the most of our last day on the island before a late night flight. If we ever make it back to Waikiki, we will plan on staying here again.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kakuhisa
<Content>Excellent Deal Stayed during Christmas 2007 -- got a deal for $200 a night. Everything is new due to the recent renovation. Beds are comfortable and staff is very friendly. It is not on the beach, but it's only 3 min away. If you really want an ocean view, then you could book another hotel, but what better way to see the beach than to be on it rather than viewing it through your room!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HikerDave
<Content>Why would you go to Waikiki ??? Why would anyone ever go to Waikiki ?There are so many beautiful places to visit and stay on the islands. Waikiki is just a big city with a beach attached. Imagine Manhattan with a beach.That said, my wife had a business conference in Waikiki so we stayed at the Hilton Prince Kuhio. For a business stay it was an excellent value. I booked it net diredt and paid 3 nights upfront to get a rate close to $200/night. I even made a mistake and double-booked within the three day no-cancellation period, I contacted the hotel directly and the night manager quickly took care of my problem quickly and graciously.The hotel is still undergoing renovations, but little of the work was visible and did not detract from our stay.The new rooms are immaculate, large enough for us and the 2 double beds were very comfortable. The bathroom is very spacious and well appointed. The water pressure in the shower was fine.The wall-mounted flat screen televison was a big hit with our 20 year old daughter.We were on the 30th floor with an oceanview - very pretty. Since the hotel is a long block away from the beach, 30% of the view is blocked by other high rises, but this is Waikiki what do you expect? No chairs on the balcony, but it is very windy out there... The pool area is also nice enough, again very windy.The beach was only 3-4 minutes and was easily acessible.We had access to the executive lounge which has been temporarily located in a smallish room on the 2nd floor. The staff there was most gracious and we found there to be plenty of food availble whenever we went down there. In fact, the continental breakfast buffet had many delicious choices.Would I stay there again? Absolutely! But I will only go to Waikiki on business. For a family vacation or fantastic honeymoon, go to any of the other islands. Just make sure that you aren't staying on the wet part of any island unless you have a specific reason.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wonderfulworld
<Content>We Liked the Service and Location We stayed at this hotel December 24-31, 2007, for a rate of $235 which included compact car, valet parking, and breakfast.This property has recently undergone a complete remodel, and we loved the location, which is a short walk from the beach and dozens of shopping and dining options.We had a standard room on the 16th floor with a mountain view. The room, with balcony, was decorated in a pleasing contemporary style. It had two comfortable beds, desk and chair, dresser, fridge, excellent flat-screen TV, and a weird coffee machine that made two cups of coffee. The room was a little on the small side with no table for dining and only the desk chair for seating.The bathroom had a large shower, but no tub. The towels were plush and large. It was good.Breakfast was limited to two choices and the coupon could not be applied to other options. Each morning I chose an omelet, toast, and coffee. The waitresses were extremely pleasant, but a waiter we had one morning was a little on the boorish side.We made good use of the business office in the lobby which offered free internet access.The service from the front desk, cleaning staff, and valets was superb--it spoiled us for other places we stayed later on our trip.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MGHolidays
<Content>Very Nice and Enjoyable - But Forget the restaurant MAC 24/7 This is a very nice Hotel right in the heart of Waikiki, and one of the best i have ever stayed at and certainly one of the best in Waikiki, the rooms are unbelievably modern and looks like they have been recently renovated with awesome Plasma TVs and those very comfortable Hilton Beds and pillows. The Pool on Level 10 is great, and we spent many an afternoon relaxing by the pool and sitting in the heated spa, there is a bar by the pool also, both pool and beach towels are provided free. On the same trip and prior to this Hotel we stayed at the Hilton Hawaiian Village resort and Spa but split up our accommodation so we could be closer to Waikiki Beach and this hotel was perfect, with just a 2 min walk you are right on the beach.The only negative I have about the Hotel is the restaurant called MAC 24/7 which is located on the premises, if you want good food and service totally forget it and go to another restaurant on the main drag, we had the worst service experience we have ever had in this restaurant. Would you wait 45 mins to be served by a waiter who constantly ignored you?, and then when your food was ready you watch it be left on the bar to go cold and be picked at and played with by the children off another table., only to be delivered to your table with a here you go sorry about the wait. When we complained and said we wanted another meal the, waiter wanted nothing more to do with us, and we had to complain to the chef behind the bar who had to quickly make another meal, and excused the waiter as having trouble coping with the large area he had to wait on, this was total bull we watched him chat with Asian guests for 20 mins when he could have been serving our food . Yes we will remember the MAC247as having worst waiter we have ever come across. No apology from the Manager either.We cannot believe that a Hilton Hotel would have such a terrible restaurant associated with it. Excellent alternatives to this restaurant are Dukes at the Outrigger Waikiki Hotel, beautiful and right on the beach, The Cheeseburgers Cafe, The Oceanarium an undersea Buffet . But what Ever you do don't eat at the MAC 247 at the Hilton Prince Kuhio, or if you do set your watch, and keep an eye on your food, they may serve up something that is stone cold and has been fingered by a bunch of kids.All in all a great Hotel - But terrible restaurant.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>misscleansandiego
<Content>Great Hotel! Hilton Waikiki Prince Kuhio Hotel was an excellent hotel. Our room wascomfortable and super clean. I'm an extremely fussy person when it comes to cleanliness, I'm a germ- a- phobe and I was so pleased with how clean and nice the rooms were. Great deal on a great hotel near gorgeous Waikiki Beach. One minor complaint is we found the parking fee of $20 a day too high.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Unrehurst
<Content>Perfect stay! This is one of the best Hotels we have ever stayed in. It made our Hawaiian vacation absolutely perfect!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>flymunkay
<Content>My home away from Home!!! I stay at this Hotel once a week for business. I travel for a living and as comfort goes, this is one of my very favorites. The location cannot be beat, the rooms are immaculate, staff very friendly. LOVE the 42 inch HD/ TV. I don't spend much time in the room but the time I spend is very relaxing. Haven't tried the pool yet I just a short walk up the block to Waikiki Beach. They provide beach towels too. It's a short walk to the Zoo or Aquarium. This Hotel has been remodeled recently and it shows that they did a quality job-Love it!!!!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>96815
<Content>Great but not fabulous Stayed two weeks in december, high floor, ocean view.As with previous comments I would agree that the rooms are clean, modern and well maintained. Also bathrooms quite large and nicely decorated. All in all a fairly pleasant experience. Temporary business longe i a totally dismal experience, a few bagels, 4 (four !!!) tables, some coffe and a fruit platter. Orange carpet in a small room with no windows and the A/C set on arctic temperatures ... so if you are expecting anything at all from the so called breakfast/lounge - think again it is an absolute failure!Front desk staff of mixed quality - some quite nice but a few rude, unwilling to help and uninterested. Valet parking - although a bit pricy at 20 USD a day - was always friendly and accomodating. Ask those guys for advice on where and how to go rather than waste your time with front desk !Waikiki not what it used to be - noisy, polluted and the traffic is just flabergasting... it is bumper to bumper 24/7. H1 and H2 constantly packed with gridlocks on most on/off ramps. Recommend North Shore for a flawour of what it used to be like - although that is changing as well. For tropical getaway choose other Hawaiian islands...  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	2	4	3	

<Author>kmanct
<Content>beautiful  Great business hotel only a block from the ocean. Best TV ever in a hotel. 42 HDTV Plasma with high definition cable. WOW. Nice and relaxing hotel/lobby bar but weird restaurant. Food was good though. My room was great, new and very modern. Well done.A side note...If you're looking for a great tropical vacation, I don't think Waikiki is that place anymore as the traffic and crowds are unbelievable. Bumper to bumper traffic everywhere. Head out West to the Marriot complex or to another island. I was here for a quick business trip so I didn't care, but if you want quiet and relaxing, Waikiki is NOT the place to go.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>carandmodel
<Content>Very nice rooms with a nice view.       King bed non-smoking ocean view  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vaznayak
<Content>Pleasant Surprise This hotel was definitely a pleasant surprise. White the room was a bit small/tight, it was very well redone, with an absolutely awesome view of the beach. While it is a block from the beach, there's not much in between to kill the view. The lobby is OK - a bight tight, and the Mezz floor is low celienged (very 1970's!), but the rest of the place is very nice, and well priced. Would definitely recommend it over most others in Waikiki - unless you really want to stay right on the beach and pay a lot more.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>dec528
<Content>very good choice I stayed over thansgiving weekend on the 33rd flr facing the ocean. This floor, as is almost all of the hotel, recently renovated and was very clean, quite luxurious, with 46 plasma, nice, contemporary decor, very comfy beds, and excellent ocean view. this flr is oncierge level, however, currently the hotel is using one of the conf. rooms on the 2nd floor to serivice the concierge level floors with free (non-alcoholic) drinks, continental breakfast and afternoon snacks (requires room key access). the hotel is on kuhio ave, which is just off the main ocean front street, and is very centrally located. the common areas of the hotel are also renovated and well done, although the pool area on the 10th floor is not 100% completed. It is a decent, but not large pool, but there is a pool bar and jacuzzis. this hotel is not quite the resort hotel that is its sister property, hilton hawaiin village, but is not as overwhelming size wise, and is more centrall located if you want to be closer to the action and central waikiki. Overall an excellent value, and near-luxury hotel. did not try the hotel restaurant but it looked very good. all hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. free business center on 1st flr with high speed internet and printers.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>AOertzen
<Content>Modern Hotel steps from the beach Many rooms had been refurbished, we had a beautiful modern room with a great view of the sea. It has a great pool area and is minutes from the beach. Only complaint is that the staff were slightly rude, on the website it said that it had been refurbished, however when we arrived we were given a room in which we weren't allowed to open the balcony door, let alone go out. The thing that enraged me was that the receptionist's attitude was very rude indeed, she did not say sorry, didn't even ask to sort out the problem! However I insisted and got moved so just make sure you do!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>georgieasnick
<Content>Just re-done Stayed for 3 nights. Booked thru expedia and got a high room facing the ocean. Queen bed. Very nice room. The entire hotel had recently been re-done and was quite luxiorous. The bath room was very nice but the shower was a little odd but good nonetheless. The cafe downstairs which is open 24 hours is fantastic...I ate several meals there....I would defn stay again. Strongly suggest it.Would suggest a high floor on the mtn side though....even though I was on a very high floor, Kuhio avenue was still loud (buses, screaming kids)....I can't imagine what it would be like on a lower floor except very irritating....The front staff were efficent though a little odd in their officiousness....Housekeeping were excellent.....  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	1	

<Author>aloha_girl_7
<Content>3rd time stay - never dissapointed This was our 3rd time stay at this wonderful hotel. As mentioned in other reviews this hotel has recently been taken over by The Hilton Chain and renovated throughout. The renovation looks great. It has a bright and fresh feel to it. It makes other Waikiki landmark hotels look like they are living with the dinosaurs in another century. The photos on the hotel website do this renovation justice and every room looks exactly like the photos. I am always sceptical when booking over the internet that the pictures are never what they seem and the photo presented never matches the room when comparing hotels but it this case the photos will not let you down. At the time of our stay there was some painting and/or rendering work going on the exterior of the building but you would never had known anything was going on - other than that - it looks almost finished.We stayed here for 9 nights in early November, 2007. 2 adults and 2 children ( 11yrs  9yrs ). I did a lot of research into which hotel to stay in as holidays in our family only come around once every 2 years and I wanted this holiday to be exceptional. We have stayed at this hotel twice before - never dissapointed. The first time in a mountain view room and the second in an ocean view room. I have to say there is nothing like waking up with a perfect view overlooking Waikiki Beach. So the choice was obvious when in Waikiki if you are not staying in a hotel on the beach -oceanview is the way to go. We stayed on the 34th floor.The location of the hotel is great. It is located at the Diamond Head side of Waikiki which is a short stroll to the zoo and aquarium and is only a skip , hop and jump away from a really nice part of Waikiki Beach. It has been previously quoted as 2 blocks away but the only thing that separates this hotel from Waikiki Beach is another hotel. Don't feel like stepping out of the hotel to go to the beach then go to the pool- full sun allday. I recommend the Lavaflow at the bar. The Bus Network in Oahu is an integral way of getting around Wakiki and the island. The Bus Stop for Sea Life Park, Ala Moana Centre and all major shuttles/ trollies that take you to numerous attractions are located next to and across the road from the hotel. I highly recommend this part of Waikiki for families as it doesn't get loud and attract all the foot traffic at night like Kalakaua Avenue does. If you are single or just want to live it up a little at night all of this can be quite easily be found only a block away. As we are a family of 4 we opted to stay in room with 2 double beds. If I had to say anything negative at all about this hotel it would be that the sleep was quite snug. I don't remember this from other times - either I was getting a little bigger or the beds were getting a little smaller. The option for a king bed set up is available however with 4 of us staying in the 1 room this was not an option. There was no noise from other rooms or through the corridors. It felt like we were staying on this floor by ourselves.There is a restaurant/bar located downstairs in the lobby called MAC 24/7. We would have breakfast here every morning. The selection is good and the servings are huge. There was always something to keep us all satisfied and take out is option if so required. They serve pancakes here ( there is a variety of toppings to choose from) but I have to say that this has to be the talking point of the restaurant. They are served stacked 4 or 5 high ( can't remeber exactly) on a huge dinner plate. Every time pancakes were served cameras were taken out- photos taken. It has to be seen to be belived. I don't think that I actually saw anyone finish off a serve by themselves. The take out package was always offered for a finish later option. We would always return from a morning on the beach or shopping to find are room made up. Rooms were always clean and bathroom stocked up with fresh towels and Crabtree and Evelyn products.The hotel is stacked with many amenties- individual airconditioning, plasma tv, in room movies, bar fridge,tea/coffee, iron, hairdryer, business centre, gym, pool, valet parking...........this list goes on and on. Visit the website to view all.We would definently stay at The Hilton Waikiki Prince Kuhio as the staff were always friendly and made our stay pleasant and for this I say MAHALO.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MichiganCookies
<Content>Outstanding Location, Service, Ambiance We were 6 nights at this hotel, which has recently left the Radisson chain to become a Hilton. It is two very short blocks from a most lovely section of Waikiki beach and within easy walking distance to much of the 'strips' best restaurants and venues.The rooms are fun - plasma HDTVs, bathrooms w/ lots of storage, great views and excellent room service. Lobby areas are beautiful and the restaurant, MAC 24 truly was beyond our expectations in quality, service and price. You'll see - any food you want - any time of day - and portions large enough to share. Nice pool, great pool bar and lobby bar. Best of all was the friendly, warm service - from everyone we encountered. Note - we've stayed in plenty of Hiltons (this one is a true cut above the rest) and this was not our first stay in Hawaii.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NSP89
<Content>Great Place I stayed there recently and was very pleased. The lobby and rooms were very well done. There were free appetizers in the evening including chocolate covered strawberries that were amazing. The place is located one block off the beach which made it very convenient. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AdeNYC
<Content>Nice Renovation-Great Staff I stayed at the Prince Kuhio for 12 nights for a business trip and was very pleasantly surprised by the service  decor. The rooms are clean  the renovation was stylish (though the step out of the shower is a doozey--be careful). The front desk  valet staff were very professional. I also had some good food at the 24-hour restaurant (it's not cheap--but hey, you're in Waikiki--nothing's cheap).As to a previous reviewers complaint about no chairs on the balcony--I suspect that any furniture placed out on the lanai would soon be swept away by the stiff winds. I almost flew off! The same can be said of the 10th floor outdoor pool. It's nice-but windy!My only warning would be about the neighborhood. Please be aware that you are in a city...not a sleepy oceanside community. There is some noise  you should be aware of your surroundings at all times in Waikiki...a couple of my co-workers were mugged (one on a side street  another on the beach). This is no reflection on the Hilton--just the neighborhood. Be aware  you'll be fine!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Melin97
<Content>Perfect 10 Renovation is absolutely gorgeous. Lobby is really large with lots of comfy areas to sit in. Check in fast and efficient with great service. Housekeeping was immaculate and always willing to do extra. Restaurant was yummy; try the baked potato soup. There was a gentleman who worked every morning at the Coffee House; provided the most exceptional service with a smile that was contagious.We had an oceanview room that was so beautiful, I actually looked forward to going back to the room. Normally we would stay right on the ocean but I wanted to be out of the hustle and bustle and this was a perfect location.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>808-Haliewa
<Content>Great location, Well furnished Rooms, Service Levels not there yet We just returned from a nine night stay in an Executive Level ocean view room at this hotel and found the location to be great, the rooms immaculately clean and the staff professional and friendly.The location on the quieter Diamond Head side of Waikiki is on Kuhio Avenue and is a very easy walk to the beach. While not right on the beach, you also do not have the traffic and crowd noise.Rooms at this hotel are somewhat smaller than most Hilton hotels and are very well appointed with great furniture, fixtures and the Hilton trademark bedding. The bathrooms are spacious and are equally as well appointed. The decision to only have showers and not the cumbersome shower/tub combination is more than fine with me.Surprisingly after paying for the upgraded Executive floor (32-37th floor) ocean view room you would have thought that chairs would be provided on the balconies. In order to enjoy the spectacular view of the ocean Wal-Mart came to the rescue with $9 camping type chairs that worked, but the expectations for a Hilton are much higher.As part of the Executive level of service, in addition to the higher floor locations, is a continental breakfast and evening hors d?oeuvres. Management of the hotel has really messed this up.The website and the hotel explain that a temporary banquet room has been established for the Executive Lounge and another banquet room for the fitness center. The lounge has four small tables and a couple of couches. On many occasions we and others left because there was no where to sit. The room is totally inadequate for a potential of 150 or so guest.Evening hors d?oeuvres are served to the entire guest in the bar area off the main lobby starting at five in the evening. On many occasions the food was gone within a matter of minutes. The management and the staff do not properly manage for the volume of guest and more importantly do not appear to be present to manage the situation.Overall I would highly recommend this hotel and will consider staying on my next visit to Waikiki. I anticipate that once the refurbishing project is complete that the management can work to resolve the serve issues.Money Saving Tip #1: St-Germain bakery is located at 2301 Kuhio Avenue and has the best bakery products, custom made sandwiches, bakery style mini-pizzas and one of the best spinach quiches that I have ever had. $10 buys a great lunch for two and it is gourmet quality food to go.Money Saving Tip #2: Don forget to shop Wal-Mart and Costco for Hawaiian candies, nuts and souvenirs. You can save several dollars a box on candy and nuts and find name brand T-shirts and other apparel at Costco. Wal-Mart and Costco are an easy drive from Waikiki.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lbj728
<Content>Surreal -Prince Kuhio Hotel Actually won the trip through a Chicago Radio station in association with a promotional tour by Al Jarreau.Words hardly express just how beautiful the hotel and surrounding area actually is. Understand that they have justundergone a multi-million dollar renovation.Would really love to see it now !!!Our balcony view was to Waikiki Beach.Seeing ocean liners outside your window at night is spectacular. Birds actually flew to our balconyand one even decided to come in and walk around our room,for a short visit. Says a lot about how well the wild life is treated.The room and service was excellent.Was within walking distance of the zoo, shopping, beach, and excellent dining.Considering that it was around 20 degrees in Chicago and approx. 80 degrees there, made it all the better.Not to be missed !  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jmmay71
<Content>Great Experience The rooms have been recently renovated and are awesome. The 42 flat screen TV has convenient plugins for a portable DVD player or computer. Loved the bathroom although there is only a shower. The beds are very comfortable. The hotel is very convenient to the beach (about 2 blocks) This was my first trip to Hawaii and I would definitely stay at the Hilton Prince Kuhio again. The staff was very polite  helpful.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>zsazsa17
<Content>Convenient We booked our stay in the Prince Kuhio after leaving another hotel on Oahu for various reasons. Overall, we were very happy with this choice. Our room was recently renovated, attractively decorated and was comfortable. The bathroom was particularly nice. There were however a few drawbacks. I would have liked to have had a bathtub and we were not able to access our balcony because of renovations on the outside of our hotel. It was also quite warm, although we had the airconditioning cranked up, it was not as cool as we would have liked and the hallways were sweltering. Another drawback was the noise - the soundproofing in the rooms is not as it should be and you will hear each and every door on your floor close!The staff was pleasant and helpful, although the bell staff was less than efficient in getting a taxi cab when needed. The restaurant staff was particularly friendly but the food was lousy.With all of this said, if we had to go to Oahu again, we absolutely would stay at the Prince Kuhio again - yes it is very expensive for what it is...Welcome to Hawaii!!! We were in Hawaii on a family vacation so we had the opportunity to compare our room with other family members staying in other hotels. Our room was significantly nicer (and quite a bit cheaper) than that of my sister and brother-in-law who were staying at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider - their room was large but ugly including a clothes line on the wall of their bedroom and an old plastic shower curtain in their bathroom (we had a lovely marble and glass bathroom that was gorgeous). No, it did not have the service and the amenities of the Marriott at Ko'olina but it was also not $450 per night and we had a far more convenient location. All in all, while it is expensive for what it is, for Oahu it is a real bargain!!! After staying in 5 different hotels on 3 different islands in Hawaii, we were most happy with this Hilton.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>drsuhail
<Content>Not as expected Overall my stay was satisfactory at the Hilton Prince Kuhio but I probably had higher expectations. I had booked 2 rooms using my points and had called up 2 days prior to my arrival. A very warm and friendly staff had spoken with me and assured me that being a Diamond VIP , I would get a suite room with a connecting bedroom with executive floor benefits. It made my day! Upon arrival, I was very disappointed by the lack of customer service initially and was told that they could only give us connecting rooms with a mountain view with no balcony access. They could not get any mention of the promised upgrade and asked me the name if the staff and rattled off with a lecture on the rules and regulations for upgrading Diamond members. I then went to see the connecting Mountain View rooms and found that the windows were covered with railings and scaffolding as repair was in progress. I returned back and refused to stay there. It didn matter and they said I could go to the Hilton Village! What??? After offloading 7 bags and tired after a long flight!!! Then I asked for the manager on duty and he was able to give us the suite room that was promised!!! Didn stop here. I went up happily to the room and found that it was a suite room with a living room and bedroom but no other connecting room. That meant he used 2 room bookings to give us 1 suite room. What a clever act! I returned back to the front desk and then was given an additional room. This was definitely not an experience I relished and left a very bad taste in my mouth. Upon check in repeatedly they asked for the points certificates for our stay and I patiently told them that I need to go to my room and get it printed from the website. I found out later that they directly contacted Hilton Honors and got it done from their side without waiting for me. I found it very cheeky and impolite. The suite room we had was good and had a spacious living room with a toilet and a separate bedroom with a bathroom. The rooms were brightly decorated and had plasma TVs and good views of the ocean. However, the balcony lacks privacy and is bare open unlike other hotels . Moreover the hotel is not very close to the beach and takes a bit of time to walk to the main road. Valet parking is very good but the space near the entrance is very tight and can barely hold 1-2 cars at a time, The executive lounge was undergoing repair and a temporary lounge was there on the first floor. Evening snacks ran out of supply in minutes and was not replenished. Breakfast was usual continental fare but space was at a premium and many were standing and eating. A plus point was the free business center access on the lobby level where you could access internet and print out documents as well. Overall an average place and I would stay either at the Marriott or the Hyatt next time I visit Honolulu.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	1	2	4	

<Author>StudioGG
<Content>Great location When we got there at 8am from our 10hr flight, our room wasn't ready so the Front Desk Manager arranged to have a courtesy room ready for us in 1/2hr. We went to MAC where I tried the Loco Moco which is a gross dish (burger and rice with gravy?!). Husband loved the Rueben sandwich. They gave us a complimentary upgrade from an Executive Mountain to the Executive Ocean view, which was really lovely. It was our 10yr wedding anniversary and everything went very smoothly. The staff were lovely, particularly a guy and girl on the front desk. We didn't get their names, but they were really helpful. Especially when our airline cancelled our return flight, and they arranged it so we could stay in our room an extra night, despite new guests arriving. Only bad thing was the executive breakfast. It was in a temporary room (maybe that's why), but it was the same food EVERY day - bagels, pastries, cereal and yoghurt. We were there for 9 days and got very sick of bagels. Swimming pool area was VERY windy, which was nice in the middle of a hot day, but a bit too cool in the afternoon. The hotel is a short block to the beach (pick up a bottle of water and tub of pineapple at the ABC store en route). Bus stop is also right near hotel. Short trip to Ala Moana shopping centre, which has an official post office stamp dispenser on the ground floor near some sports store. Wish we'd done the ATV tour of the Ko'olau Mountains. It is beautifully breathtaking. We did 2 tours with the E Noa group - they are great people! Their drivers are so friendly, knowledgeable and the smaller groups keeps things personal. Highly recommended.All in all, a great way to spend 9 days, a nice hotel with great staff, would stay again. Although I do wonder why we didn't get the complimentary water and cupcakes at turndown that someone else mentioned.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>writerguy33304
<Content>Not worth it at this price point I usually am a fan of the Hilton properties. Having stayed at the Prince Kuhio when it was a Radisson, I was surprised when I found out the Hilton was taking over. While they did upgrade the rooms, I found the experience at the hotel to be less than it should be at the price range. I was travelling on business and, therefore, didn't pay the bill. My corporate rate was only slightly less than the going rate of $199/night. For that rate, you can probably do better as far as location goes. Although some say the Prince Kuhio is a block from the beach, it's a very long block. The hotel is located in a quiet area of Waikiki, surrounded by condos. While some might like the quiet, I found it a bit distant from decent restaurants and shopping. The room was nice, although smaller than your average Hilton. (Hilton website says 305 sq feet. Hilton Hawaiian Village rooms must be closer to 400 sq feet, based on my perception.) The walls seemed a bit thin, which isn't surprising since this property was built to be a moderate level hotel and not a luxury brand like a normal Hilton. Again, a bit small for the price, in my book.Service was hit and miss. The front desk agent at check-in seemed distracted and not nearly as friendly as I would have liked. (Although, after a 14 hour trip from Florida, it might have been me.) Having the front desk lose two faxes, however, was inexcusable. (They were delivered to the wrong room one evening.) The hotel operator, however, was very cheerful when I called for wake-up calls each evening.All in all, I'd probably recommend another hotel, even though the Prince Kuhio wasn't horrible.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	2	5	2	3	4	

<Author>losthat
<Content>Way to go Prince Kuhio Family reunion on Oahu. I booked two mountain views rooms for six nights. On arrival we were told the balconys in our rooms would not be usable. I politely asked for room changes and we were given executive ocean view rooms on the 33rd floor with working balconys. We had another family member coming for two nights and he was also given an upgrade, even though it was a weekend, to this floor.Rooms are newly refurbished. Bathrooms are beautiful and have Hans Grohe shower heads. Although small it is the nicest bathroom I have had in any hotel.Rooms are small with two double beds and storage is limited. Perfect for two but would be crowded for four. Rooms are bright--with yellow and fuschia decor. .. a bit intense for me but well done. Beds are exceptionally comfortable. Plasma t.v. a nice touch. Views from the balcony wonderful...but wish there were chairs out there.Public areas of the hotel are very attractive with generous use of granite and marble. MAC 24/7 has a good pulled pork sandwich and salads. The size of the pancakes will feed four. There are many other places to eat in the area....try TIki's for lunch or dinner.The hotel is still being refurbished and the only issue was that we were told water would be turned off from noon-4:00 one day on the 26 floor and up. We knew this the day before and were not in the room for most of that time.Service from staff was exceptional...from the valets in charge of parking to the housekeepers. Very professional and friendly. Executive room was always well stocked with soda, coffee, and food. Staff there were also very good.We called for a 2:00 check out on one room. No problem (it was a Tuesday). All in all, although the rooms are small for a Hilton, this was an terrific hotel experience.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelhappyWv
<Content>Great Experience!! Obviously I'm pretty late writing this review but I just wanted to let everyone know about my experience. My husband and I booked a week through Priceline and got a great deal. We had no problems with the hotel at all. The room was very clean and the bathroom, while very small, was nice and updated. We ate at the breakfast buffet several times and it was really good. I thought the hotel was in a great location and the staff was very friendly and helpful. I know the hotel management has changed since I've been there so I can only hope it's just as good when I finally make it back!!!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>stace2007
<Content>Please Read this before you stay First I will say that this could be an excellent or a terrible based on what you are looking for.The first thing that you should know is that all of the balconies for the rooms are not open. The ocean view room balconies are open, but not the mountain view. I was initially assigned a mountain view, but after noting that the windows were filthy and there was a board across the window so there really was no appreciable view, I determined the room was not acceptable for what I was looking for.Initially I was told that I had been upgraded to the executive floor (which looked just like all of the other floors) and had a King Mountain View room with no working balcony. Note- this was nowhere on their web site. I asked for a room with a different balcony, and after several minutes of searching, the desk representative told me there were absolutely no other rooms and I should try back later in the week.After seeing the room I determined that I would not stay there the entire week. I am a Hilton fan and a Silver member and I love Hiltons, but I would have switched to another hotel completely. Upon returning to the front desk I asked when another room would be available and was told that they could switch me right then ( a different representative was helping me).I did not like having my first inquiry blown off, but I did end up with a nicely appointed ocean view room. It had two double beds instead of one king, but what the heck.I loved the room and the bathroom. If you leave the bathroom blinds open, you can actually see the ocean while in the shower. Maybe that's TMI, but I loved it. The room was immaculate and housekeeping was superbly professional. They always greeted me in the hallways and elevators and inquired about my stay. They would even get off of an elevator if they had a cart to allow guests to enter which was refreshing. I saw this happen repeatedly, so it must be policy. Bravo to Hilton Housekeeping Staff for their professionalism and attention to detail!The pool is on the 10th floor and is rarely, if ever, crowded. It's very windy, but that helps to keep the heat at bay.I wasn't impressed with the restaurant at all. I did not find the selection, quality or customer service to be of Hilton quality. They are very friendly, but no matter how empty or busy they were, they took forever to take my order, prepare the food, and getting the bill was actually painful. The lobby and lobby bar are decorated very nicely. The area, however, is not air conditioned and it is a closed lobby. That made it very stuffy and not a good place to sit and relax or wait for others to join you.I requested late check out and was told it was not available without even being asked how late of a check out I needed (it was only an hour). I asked about courtesy room and was told to check back the next morning when I needed one. I didn't end up using one, because had it not been available, it would have been too late to make other plans.The hotel is not right on the beach, but is within easy walking distance. You can also walk to the International Marketplace, the zoo, the aquarium, and many, many restaurants. There are at least 5 convenience stores within walking distance.If you plan on sending post cards, bring your own stamps. There is a machine that charges a very inflated price for them in the hotel store, but they will not change bills to provide you with change to use the machine and nobody seemed to know where a post office was located. All in all, I probably wouldn't stay here again, but it may be absolutely perfect for others.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	5	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Supertech75
<Content>Great staff Loved my stay. I was in town for business for 16 days and wanted to try this place out since it became a Hilton. The rooms look 100% better, I loved the 42 inch TV with adapters to playing my laptop (watching slingbox in bed is worth it) or playing video games kept me from wanting to going out every night.The bathroom was immaculate. Very, very clean with great lighting. Evening turndown service was a great addition, I'd get additional complimentary water bottles, clean towels and a cupcake.The entire staff was extremelly helpful and courteous.My only complaint would be a standard one for Waikiki hotels, a small refrigerator.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>InquisitiveTraveler
<Content>Cool design, friendly service We only stayed at this hotel for one night (6/22), prior to taking a cruise, but we really enjoyed it. The hotel has just been renovated, and the design of the rooms was great, (we loved the flat panel TVs, and the bathroom design was really cool). It also helped that we had a corner room on the 26th floor, with a view of the beach and DiamondHead from the balcony. It was about two blocks to the beach, and a very easy walk. Service was very friendly and helpful at the reception desk. Check-in was quick and easy. I didn't see a concierge when we were there, but the desk attendants were very helpful with restaurant recommendations. The only small problem with service we had was in the restaurant at lunch/brunch on Saturday. I guess they didn't really have enough people working, and were trying to seat everyone in one small section. All of the tables were full there, and so they were trying to get people to sit at the bar, which we really didn't want to do. After we complained, someone did finally ask a manager, who let us sit in another section. It took the waiter a while to get to us, but after he finally did things went better, and the food was really good(the pancakes are ENORMOUS).All in all an excellent stay, and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>seayou99
<Content>Nice Hotel but wait for all renovations to be complete. Stayed here the last week in June on business. The place used to be a Radisson but I believe now that it is a Hitlon it is undergoing renovations. The rooms have a modern/contemporary decor and the beds were very comfortable. The best feature were the 42 in LCD hign def TVs in the rooms with a wide selection of movies. One night the cable TV went out so I was able to watch a movie (ppv) on the house. The one odd thing is that wall seemed exceptionally thin in that I could hear a lot of noise from the neighboring rooms and hallways. Another thing is the bathroom has no bath, only an oversized shower. The location is at the end of Waikiki about block from the beach and within walking distance of most dining and shopping opportunities the area has to offer. It is valet only parking (common to Waikiki) for about 20 bucks a day. My main gripe is that since they are still in the process of renovation, the first dozen or so floors are closed off. As a result, you have to take a separate elevator to the pool area (10th floor) which is quite inconvenient. In summary once these renovations are complete it should be a great hotel.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mullett
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here June 23-July1. Great hotel. We enjoyed MAC. The portions are huge, so you can share them. If going to Hanuma Bay, don't listen to the women with the food carts at the top. They lie. They wil tell you that you can't buy food or drink in the park. You can, although their water is less. Oh.. it's closed on Tuesdays to let the fish recover. Also, look in TGIf for coupons. We got 50% off at shorebird...and it has a great view, with a live band most nights.. if not all nights. The hotel give you a free paper every day. Don't waste your time going to China Town or Restaurant Row. We were disappointed with both..and China Town is dirty. I've been to a few (NY, San Fran, and Montreal).I would stay here again  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shyviolet
<Content>Great hotel We stayed here from June 15-June 18. We were on the 27th floor, ocean view. Balconies were open, all new appointments. Very comfortable beds, nice bathroom, enough space for 4. Breakfast was included-- continental included pineapple, croissants, cinnamon buns, or blueberry scones, coffee, tea. The American breakfast was eggs, fried potatoes, bacon, sausage, or ham, toast or rolls, very satisfactory. We loved the fresh pineapple every morning. Elevators were very fast, never had to wait. Had the snacks and drinks in the lobby in the evening. The parking attendants were very helpful. We were a block from the beach right by the pavilion and ABC stores on about every corner. Very convenient and all in all, a great stay. We'd stay again.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kamookie
<Content>Loved it! I can't express how much I loved this hotel, and how comfortable I was there. I booked a room thru the hotel's site directly - went withroom designated at check-in, which was the lowest rate by the way. When I got there, I had 30th floor, Ocean View, and I could use the balcony, too. Low key hotel, off the strip with a gorgeous view, and very well appointed rooms. Not fancy, but very comfortable and mod. Bathroom was great, although water pressure could have been better (but it was the 30th floor!). Very comfortable beds with nice linens,and hotel staff were really pleasant. I really felt like the hotel was my home away from home. Stayed two nights right before memorial day, and then I went off to the North Shore to a beach house.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>taurus524
<Content>My new favorite in Waikiki I stayed at this hotel after I checked out of another (very expensive) hotel in Waikiki. I could not have been more pleased. I go to Honolulu at least once a year on business and I have stayed at several hotels in Waikiki. This is my new favorite place to stay. It is totally remodeled and has a very cool urban vibe (flatscreen TV's, great lobby bar). The rooms are totally remodeled and the bathrooms are spectacular. The hotel is about a block off the Waikiki strip and it is very quiet and was perfect for my business trip. There is free wireless internet in the lobby, and the bar has a very quiet, low-key professional feel. I absolutely loved this place and I will surely be back! I really loved this hotel for business travel, but people should know that it's not a resort-style hotel (like Hilton Hawaiian Village). It's was fine with me because I prefer less noise anyway, even if I'm on vacation.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JDCA
<Content>Great place to stay! We were thrilled with the Prince Kuhio Hotel, regardless of the lack of a balcony. We have a 5 year old and stayed on the 31st floor, so no real disappointment to us. Besides, it was posted on their website that the balconies are closed due to renovations. The rooms were great. Clean, bright and the bed was awesome. The glass walls in the bathroom was a nice added touch. Location is good, on the quiter side of Waikiki. The ocen view was beautiful. We appreciated the friendliness of the staff. They were extremely courteous, allowing us to check out late and even provided a courtesy room to freshen up in prior to our late flight back to the States. Nick and Danny were great! We will stay there again on our next trip to Oahu.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>surfchic
<Content>Stayed here when it was a Radisson but disappointed now it is a Hilton Every spring we come to Hawaii and stay at the Prince Kuhio. We were very disappointed in our rooms and the restaurant. We booked an oceanview room and when we arrived they told us that the lanais were closed off because of the remodeling. The travel agency that I dealt with had no idea that we would not be able to access the lanai ( balcony ). With our ocean view room we had free breakfast every day. With the old Radisson Prince Kuhio we had a beautiful breakfast buffet every morning. This year we also had free breakfast. However, this new restaurant only gave you 2 choices for breakfast- either a fruit parfait or an american breakfast ( eggs, meat, toast or potatoes ). The staff here are still very polite. I did speak to several staff we knew from past years and they are not happy with the changes. They told us returning customers like myself will not return again. Now, about the rooms. They are smaller than they used to be and there is absolutely no drawer space for your clothes. The bathrooms are very cutesy but I don't live in a hotel bathroom when I am at the beach. I have to admit the beds were extremely comfortable. They have a 42 inch plasma T.V. but we thought the reception was not that great. In conclusion, I would rather stay at the Outrigger on the beach or the Sheraton . You are paying about the same price and the Prince Kuhio is 2 blocks back from the beach.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hawaiihooked
<Content>Fantastic, would stay again! When I booked this hotel, I was a little suspicious of it's 3 star rating against the photos I saw. Figured it was all the great shots to cover up the bad parts. I am glad to say I was totally in error! The Radisson Prince Kuhio is a great value. We stayed on the 9th florr, which is a floor below one of the two pools the hotel has. Great view of the beach from the balcony was a pleasant sight to wake up to, and the breakfast buffet was scrumptious! As a matter of fact, we ate at the hotel reataurant often during our stay. The room was comfortable and very clean, and the staff was very helpful and pleasant. The courtyard is beautifully landscaped with a gazebo to look out the lovely native plants and waterfall. You are close to Waikiki, as well as the international market and so much more,but you do not hear the traffic noise you might expect to. I would really rate this hotel at a 41/2. A true hidden gem!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>areacode204
<Content>Fantastic Experience       Bathroom  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>rsSk
<Content>Don't worry about the old reviews We just returned from staying at the Hilton Prince Kuhio. Yes, they are still renovating and changing over from a Radisson to a Hilton property. We stayed on the 25th floor with an ocean view. The balconies are still closed due to outside renovations which was a disappointment. The renovations are very nice. We stayed at the same hotel 4 years ago and things are completely changed. The room is very nice and clean. The bathroom is all new with ceramic tile, glass shelving, big shower, plenty of towels. There's a plasma tv in the room, small fridge. The beds are comfortable but only double-sized. The staff was very helpful in giving us a late check-out and storing our luggage because of a late flight. They also gave us a courtesy room for an hour to get ready and change before we left for the airport. The package we had included a breakfast at their restaurant Mac 24/7. The staff are very friendly and helpful there, even learning our names and preferences during our stay. The one drawback was the free breakfast was limited to only a couple of choices but you can order from the menu (a little expensive but large portions). The hotel is located one block from the beach and on a main street (Kuhio) with a bus stop close by. Overall, a good experience. We talked to other travellers at other hotels and they would mention the worn or out-dated surroundings. We felt quite happy being in a newly renovated room. No problems with staying again.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carolyn4beans
<Content>Great Deal       Room  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PerthiteOZ
<Content>Still being renovated Clean and tidy. Still in renovation mode. Staff were helpful without being exceptional. Had no problems with anything being stolen. Hotel restaurant MAC24/7 serves a single menu 24/7 (hence name). Had two meals there - dinner both times. Was going to have breakfast there but got sick of waiting to be served. Hotel is in the process of changing mangement from Radisson chain to Hilton and are very short staffed. Food was ok without being brilliant. Grab a This Week Oahu brochure on arrival and use the 25% off voucher at the Pacific Hotel across the road for their all you can eat breakfast buffet. Better value, better ambience. Have to be there between 6 and 8.00am though. Will be returning to Hawaii in 2008 but will not be staying here.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	2	5	

<Author>reallypissedoff
<Content>staff are thieves!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! watch your belongings!!!!!!!!the staff search thru your belongings while cleaing your room and steal any thing not tied down.I'll give this hotel a negitive ten. DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!thanks for ruining the trip radission.management no help.brianatlanta  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>1	2	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>acking
<Content>3rd time is a charm As a frequent business traveler, this is the 3rd time i have been to Hawaii since July. Every visit has forced me to stay at a different hotel, because of availability. This is the 2nd Hilton chain that I have spent a week in. This is much better and more convienient then the first. The second hotel should be refered to as a 1 star, although a high end 1 star hotel. I found the staff at the Prince Kuhio extremely professional, friendly and helpful. The valet staff was eager, energetic and responded quickly to arriving and departing customers. The counter staff addressed customers before they had to wait at the counter and as in most hotels I have stayed in, NEVER talked negatively about management and co-workers with hotel patrons within earshot. The staff at the lobby bar was phenominal. They went as far as to invent a drink for one of my travelling partners, because she was looking for something new. The rooms were always clean and the housekeeping staff, I found out late in my stay, was very creative, when then left a dog, fashioned from a large bath towel on my bed. The bathroom was newly remodeled and nice. The only concern I have is that the shower door leaked on the floor at the point where the hinge connects to the wall. I should have said something, but forgot until I began typing this. I had 2 travellers with me, and the staff ensured that not only we were on the same floor but in 3 rooms right next to one another. I found the laundry facilities convienient, clean and reasonable priced. The balcony was closed and the slider locked, but being in the construction industry, I understand the need to complete renovations and remain open for business. The noise was never an issue, because it was always at the end of the day when I heard it, and not something that would have offended me anyway. Overall, the hotel was great, and I will make every attempt to stay there again, when I return to Honolulu in February 07.The staff should disregard all the negative comments and remember that you are providing a great service in a time where upgrades and updates are being completed. I hope that during my next visit the hotel will be completed so I can see the finished product. I like what I see so far.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KF&GF
<Content>Beware Ventilation / Air Quality Issues We had originally intended to stay 5 nights at this hotel which is just a couple of blocks from Waikiki beach and offers a great view of the surf. However, when we entered our room we were hit with a strong mold odor and could see mold along the top and bottom of the wall between the bathroom and main space. When we tried to call down to the front desk to report the problem the phone didn't work. We dragged our luggage back down to the front desk and were given another room. This room smelled better but still had a slight odor and visible evidence of past water damage. We knew ahead of time that the hotel is undergoing renovations and will not allow guests to open the sliding doors to the balconys . However, we had not realized the balcony doors offer the only available fresh air source above the lobby level. This does not help the obvious moisture issues. The air quality was so bad we hardly slept, felt ill and checked out the following morning. The hotel lobby, which includes a bar and seating areas, has already been renovated and might be a nice place to be if it had decent lighting. The front desk staff were okay. The valet staff were rather agressive - we had 4 people on our car the first moment we pulled in and found it a bit much. We won't be going back.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>KatherineCanada
<Content>Very nice hotel Our family of three enjoyed a 12-day stay (for Pro-bowl) very much! Huge muffins for breakfast and all-you-can-drink coffee for an excellent price at the pool. They also had nightly drink specials and were never overcrowded. Although more expensive, the lobby bar poured a mighty stiff drink...almost like getting two for the price of one :)We had two nice large beds and they upgraded us upon arrival. The mountain-view was very nice. I was only unhappy once--since we booked our room through a travel agent we were not eligible for Radisson points which didn't make much sense to me. Hotel staff were very nice and knowledgeable on the whole (one concierge seemed like she was pretty confused).Overall, I would definitely recommend. My favourite outing was the botanical gardens (the one close to Chinatown). Also amazing were the zoo, beaches, drive around the island, north shore, Dolphin Quest, snorkeling, aquarium, movie on the beach, Bishop's museum, and Pro-bowl stuff.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>longhorn_mike
<Content>Horrible Stay This hotel is undergoing renovations to become a Hilton and should not have been open. In fact I think it may be closed now because I no longer see it listed on radisson.com, but I'm writing this review anyways to express my dissatisfaction with Radisson.I was aware that the hotel was undergoing renovations when I made my reservation; however, it was not made clear that the renovations would cause such a disruption to my vacation.First of all, my reservation was for a room with a balcony. My wife and I were informed upon arrival that we would be unable to use the balcony due to the renovations. Not having a balcony significantly detracted from the value of the room, as we couldn enjoy our views or even open the door to let in the fresh air.Next, the noise from the construction was unbearable. The loud banging usually began around 8:30 each morning. Being on vacation, we had hoped to be able to sleep much later than that.Instead we were forced to change our schedule to avoid the noise. I asked if we could have a room further away from the noise, but was informed that it was pervasive throughout the hotel.This being the case, it is extremely disappointing that Radisson allowed this franchise to operate during the renovations. Had we known about all of this ahead of time, we absolutely would not have chosen to stay at this hotel. But by this time we learned of these problems, it was too late for us to make a reservation elsewhere for a reasonable rate. Thus we were forced to stay at the Radisson and deal with these major inconveniences rather than be in control of our own vacation.Overall this was a terrible experience that we will remember when presented with a choice of staying at a Radisson in the future. We feel misled, and it will be difficult to ever trust another Radisson to provide a pleasant experience. I sent a complaint letter to Radisson's customer service, and I'm anxious to see what response I get.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	4	2	3	-1	4	

<Author>mkennedy38
<Content>Great Location! Great value! Great Hotel. Great Location. Hotel is located right in Waikiki. Hotel staff was friendly and informative. Room was clean, tidy, and well stocked. Noise was not a problem except really loud toliets. There was not a mildew smell in the room (which is unusal for Polynesia). We had a balcony with chairs inculded. The pool is well maintained and was not too crowded during our stay. Great view from pool deck. The restaurant was good with an awsome breakfast buffet. Service is key there. One great tip make sure to utilize the packing valet. Valet staff friendly and fast. It will save you time and a smelly parking deck.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Bihehue
<Content>Better than I expected       Ocean  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>vkaplan
<Content>Adequate We stayed here from 7/10-7/15 and found the hotel to be convenient, fairly clean,needing updating but decent value for the money. We didn't get a priceline type price-paid 199 per nt. and that included a breakfast buffet. The mountainview was nice on the 23rd floor. The pool area was too windy..but again overall it was ok. Area was quiet and if you are there to tour the island it is ADEQUATE.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vistatraveler
<Content>Some positives, some negatives My husband, teen son, and I stayed for a week at this hotel. We had no problems with the elevators and found that it was convenient to shopping and a short walk to the beach. However, when other reviewers said that the bathrooms were small, I never imagined how small they would be...VERY SMALL. Also, the tub didn't look as clean as I would have hoped and if we left a drink on the nightstand small little bugs (tiny, strange ants perhaps?) would arrive promptly. Sometimes the sheets had small holes in them. We were on the 8th floor and I warn others that it is very noisy from the traffic outside during the night, even with the door to the balcony closed tightly. Laying in bed it sounded like I was on the sidewalk of a busy city. The view from the balcony was beautiful though and the employees were helpful and friendly. Unfortunately, the price of parking went up to $20/day, which I had not known in advance. Next time, I'd stay in a hotel right across the street from Waikiki beach where there is still access to shopping and I could watch my son surf from the balcony.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>PKimMai
<Content>Used to love the Radisson... My husband and I stayed at the Radisson four times over the past several years, and kept going back because our first two visits were wonderful. This was before they started renovations and apparently changed owners. The lobby used to be a comfortable-yet-dated place to hang out with a huge seating area and a tiny little bar staffed by very friendly bartenders. They have since renovated the lobby and changed it into a slightly less comfortable seating area with a kind of snooty bar, and moved all the friendly bar staff up to the pool bar.The rooms were always clean and well-tended, which is our number one concern -- we don't like to feel like we have to wear shoes in our room. During our last visit, however, we had drainage problems in the shower and there was a weird film over our mirror that staff said was just a part of the aging process, and that the room would eventually be renovated anyway. Plus, due to renovations, several elevators were out of service. They had a small sign up asking that people on the lower floors use the service elevators. We never saw the sign until our last day, and then it just left a bad taste in our mouths.Since changing owners, there seems to have been a change in the atmosphere. Although staff is still relatively polite, they used to be so much warmer and more attentive. We definitely felt the change on our third visit, and after our fourth visit decided it was time to start looking at other hotels in the same price category. Someone who has never been to this Radisson, or who is used to staying in lower-class hotels, will probably be comfortable and not disappointed with their trip, so it's a safe bet for a new traveller. We took my parents on this trip, and they were satisfied but spent time looking at other hotels while they were there to plan for their next trip.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>belindai
<Content>Prince Kuhio would be proud of his namesake! We were originally suppose to stay at the Pacific Beach, but they overbooked. The people at the Raddison were so nice. Our room was clean and updated! I especially thought the bathroom was nice. The bellman brought a bucket of ice to my room and offered to call a limo or a cab for us to go to Sam Choy's. We had a lovely view of Diamond Head and a charming little coy pond. Everything about our stay at the Raddison Prince Kuhio was nice. The bed was comfortable. When we transferred to the Pacific Beach, I longed to be back at the Raddison. Oh well! I 'll know better next time. Even though it is slightly further from the beach than Pacific Beach, it is worth a few extra steps!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value, Excellent Hotel, Expensive Parking Stayed here 7 nights for our honeymoon. Location is great, within walking distance of everything in Waikiki, and is two blocks from beach. Room was midsized, clean, and the balcony was good, though small. Since we ended up with a city-view 4th fl room, we didn't hang out at the balcony very much. Hotel is being renovated, and we stayed in one of the not-yet-renovated rooms. It was average, with nothing to complain about really, except that I wish we had gotten one of the renovated rooms. Lobby staff was sometimes friendly and sometimes not, but always very helpful. The maintenance and maid staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Outdoor pool on the 10th floor was nice, though quite windy--don't carry bunch of stuff that may fly away there. We went to the pool at least once per day. Workout center is great as equipment is fairly new and advanced. Only one thing rubbed me the wrong way--$20 / 24hrs for valet or self parking. They do allow you to go in and out in the 24hr period as often as you like, however. We took advantage of that. Parking isn't cheap in Waikiki anyway, and you might as well park here rather than park a few blocks away to save $10, and have your car broken in or stolen.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>saqtrvl
<Content>Great Location Just returned from the Radisson Prince Kuhio. It is a very comfortable hotel. We had an ocean front room on the 17th floor with a great view of Waikiki Beach. My only complaints about the rooms would be the very small bathrooms (the shower/tub was very strange-had to step up into it, so it made the ceiling very low), and the bed was very hard. They advertise that they have the sleep number beds (which I have at home, so I was looking forward to a comfortable bed).....but they don't. At least not in the room that I had. They have renovated some of the rooms, so maybe they just hadn't gotten to our floor yet. I heard while we were there that the hotel was just bought by Hilton, so I don't know how this will affect anything. This is the 2nd time I have stayed at this hotel and I would definitely stay here again. It has been a few years since I have been to Waikiki, and it has gotten so crowded everywhere. Next time I would not go in the summer, or near a holiday (4th of July).  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>drinkalot
<Content>BEst stuff i have seen so far i stayed here for ine night during my world cruise.The lobby and the rooms are nice!location is convenient, u can reach nearly everything in waikiki within a few minutes.Best of all:i went out for clubbing, after i came home i wanted to call my girlfriend in germany, but my friend was already sleeping in our room.so i went to the frontdesk (totally wasted :D ) and asked the stuff if i may make a call to germany because it didnt work from the public phone they gave me a roomkey for an empty room and let me go up i did a call of about 30 minutes to germany and i there was no need for me to pay for it!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ReviewDC
<Content>Should be better next year The hotel is about two blocks from Waikiki beach. You can walk to the beach easily. And it was close to a lot of shops and restaurant, so it was convenient.The hotel is under renovation right now, so part of the hotel was closed from outside near the front entrance. We were dropped off by the shuttle bus from the airpot at the front entrance. The entrance is somewhat handicap accessible. Since we had suitcases, I rolled the suitcases up to front entrance. But inside the front entrance, the hotel only had stairs. Someone with wheel chair would not be able to get into the hotel at all. And I thought it was a very bad design for a hotel where most travelers are using suitcases with wheels.The lobby looks nice. The check in time was 3 o'clock in the afternoon. We got there around 2 and was asked to wait in the lobby for the room to be ready. While we were waiting, we picked up the pamphlet in the lobby. In the pamphlet, it states that all the rooms has 42 plasma TV. We were quite excited about that. When we got to our room, we didn't find the 42 plasma TV. When we called the operator, we were told that only the newly renovated rooms has the plasma TV. The room was small but clean. It has a small fridge with a bottle water in it. It also has a small balcony. We sat there for a while, but was bothered by the street noises. The hotel provided soap, shampoo, conditioner and shower cap. We reserved a room with ocean view. We were placed on the 21st floor. We were able to see the Waikiki beach from our room, although there is a tall building in front of the hotel, right in the middle of our view.We didn't go to the pool in the hotel but we went to check it out. It has a small pool with a lot of pool chairs. The pool is located on the 10th floor, so it doesn't really have any view. Overall, the hotel is good place to stay near Waikiki beach. But it should be even nicer after they are done with all the renovations.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Still nice, but should be better after rennovatins We are currently doing a 3 week tour of Hawaii, from the UK: first stop was this hotel for 3 nights. We had stayed there 2 years previously, and really liked it. We like the Kuhio Club level rooms, as they are at the top of the hotel, and the lounge with continental breakfast, and evening snacks is really nice. We booked the room through expedia and got a good rate. We were aware through the hotel's website about the room rennovations, but did not know how they would affect us.Here's what we made of the hotel:1) Location - we like the location towards the diamond head end of waikiki (quieter) and its just one block away from the beach2) Parking - they are still rennovating the entrance to the hotel (as they were 2 years ago!) so the entrance is to the side of the hotel and there is only valet parking ($12/night) - they are were quick at loading and unloading our luggage and car was brought quickly each day3) Lobby - new lobby nice, more modern than previously, however air conditioning seemed to be not working so was a bit stuffy sonetimes!4) Check-in- staff not overly friendly and we were not informed of the rennovations. Were checked into top floor 37. Was apparant that they are rennovating all floors from 36 down to 24 currently.5) Room - bright, adequate, and clean, but def showing age. Small but functional bathrroom. Had nice view of ocean and diamond head from balcony.6) Kuhio Lounge - no chages from 2 years ago. Relaxed, friendly service, good continental breakfast and evening hot and appetizers. 7) Elevators - new lifts now faster so no problems waiting as previously8) Rennovations - the hotel is way behind schedule. They have blocked out floors 24 to 36 but when we were there they were working on floor 36 (just one below the top floor). On the Monday we were woken up by loud drilling and hammering in the room below. The workmen left the doors open so we could look over and see them working on the floor below. They are working from 9-4pm Mon - Fri. Despite apologies from the front desk we were told that no aleternative rooms were available. They really should close the Kuhio club floor temporarily and rennoavte that rather than leave it open. It seems that the hotel wants to get the extra bucks by keeping this floor open, but this is not acceptable while they are working on the floor below. The front desk should also have warned us that we could be disturbed by such loud noise.The man in the club was not sure when the top floor would be done, and no-one was sure when the nerw rooms would be available. From the amount of noise and the display in the lobby it seems that the rooms are being completely gutted out and totally new baths with separte shower, bath, new beds and flat screen plasma tvs. This hotel should be awesome when these rooms are available, but right now I would avoid it until these are available. If I was staying there soon (particulalry the Club level) I would contact the hotel to check on progress of rennovations, and ensure that I was not on floor 37.Please see my review about the Grand Wailea Hotel, on Maui - our next stop!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>imfitz
<Content>our favourite Arrived tired from a very busy first time trip to Los Angeles and Vegas, what a treat to be met by such friendly and helpful staff. The Hotel itself was beautiful, as were the rooms which could not be faulted. As we were with another couple the staff made sure we were next door to each other which always seemed a major problem where ever else we stayed. The lovely pool bar on the roof was so enjoyable, with varieties of happy hour drinks throughout the day, it also stayed open late which was a nice change from other hotels, again wonderful friendly happy staff. Our stay included breakfast, wow what a great way to start each day, forget lunch we were full until dinner, and the choice of food was many and varied. Helpful tour desk and free internet made our stay here even more enjoyable, we loved it!!!!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>auskez
<Content>Loved this wonderful hotel We arrived exhausted after a long flight and were greeted by the most friendly staff I have ever had the pleasure to meet.Nothing was too much trouble, the hotel was great, the roof top pool deck and bar was a real treat again the staff were wonderful. The barman even went to the trouble of inventing a non alcoholic cocktail for me while the rest of my party enjoyed the jugs of mahtai on offer.Our package included breakfast and wow what can I say, no need for lunch after that treat.I can not praise this hotel enough, and not only that but free internet access for us non business customers without laptops (thank you)  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay I thought the Radisson Prince Kuhio was a great place to stay. There was improvement going on but it did not bother us at all. The staff was great. They helped us with all of our tourism. Very helpful in every aspect. Would definately stay there again.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jerryfrank
<Content>Enhanced A Great Vacation The hotel enhanced our vacation as we celebrated our 4th anniversary. All the literature I read on the hotel stated it was being renovated. We stayed in a corner room on the 7th floor (the renovation is being done from the top down, so we saw no signs of or inconvenience with it.) The hotel employees were unusually friendly and courteous. The hotel is beautiful: an elegantly appealing lobby, alluring tropical garden, great dining in the Trellis Restaurant, and business center with 4 computers/printer/copy machine. Although not on the beach, it is only one long block from it and the walk is pleasant. An ABC Store (1 of about 40 in Waikiki) is located diagnally across from the hotel which made it convenient for soda, suntan lotion, gifts for back home, etc. The ONLY negatives we thought mentioning was that the pool is on the 10th floor and it was super windy that high up. Also (a minor item) the TV did not allow hooking up my camcorder to view the scenes I had taped during the day. Parking was $12 a day with ample parking spaces. We parked on the 7th floor parking, so we just walked into the hallway to our room. (The garage door-to-hallway was not locked during the day, but was secured around 7 pm.) We will not hesitate to stay here again on our next vacation to Hawaii.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mhoney
<Content>No complaints We had no complaints at this hotel. WE had been forewarned about noise from the renovations, however we did not encounter ANY. We stayed on the 9th floor and had a mountain view. WE got our room for $80 a night thru Hotwire. We had no reason to rent a car as the bus service was about 50 yards away and the bus drivers were so helpful. Our room was very clean and housekeeping kept up with it on a daily basis. The jacuzzi was clean and appropriately tempetured. The staff at all of the desks were most polite and helpful. WE had no wait at check-in. As our son will be going to college there in the fall we definitely will be staying there alot so it was important we found an expensive nice hotel to go back to.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice Stay       Ocean view in a 'mountain view' room  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chillingout
<Content>Clean Rooms - Great View Had a room on the 31st floor that looked out on Waikiki Beach - awesome view.. The room was very clean and they even had turn down service in the evenings. The location was great - close enough to walk to the busy areas yet the traffic was not crazy right outside our window. The first day we got in around 5 and got to our hotel after 7. We walked only a block or two and had dinner at CHeeseburger in Pradise.. decent burger and the Kona Red Beer is awesome.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love Hawaii, even in the rain!! We stayed in this hotel March 11th - 17th. I found the staff very friendly and helpful. Had some minor problems 1)one of the keys we received did not work and took awhile to get another one. 2)There was water on the carpet right outside of the bathroom and did not know where it was coming from. We were moved to a different room immediately. Other than these small issues I thought it was great. Location is wonderful. So close to everything, a pleasant short walk to the beach and it's surrounded by restaurants and shops. Felt very comfortable letting my teenage son go out on his own at night. Very nice area. Our room overlooked the garden and pond which was nice. The hotel is far enough from the busy traffic of Kalakaua Ave. that it was very quiet at night. Did not have the breakfast buffet but did have a very good breakfast our first morning there. Did not have a car and did not miss having one. All of our tours provided pickup at the hotel and I was glad to let someone who knew where they were going fight the traffic. Enjoyed our stay at this hotel very much and would go back. Rain was somewhat of a problem but not enough to interfere with activities. Cool and breezy in evenings. Paradise Cove Lu'au was wonderful but wish I had taken a sweater. Fortunately for us, heavy rains and sewer overflows were the following week. Would hesitate however to visit Hawaii in March again. Would definately go at a time when the whales are there. Highly recommend Dolphin Excursions. We took a boat out on 3/16 to the westside just below the north shore and ended up in the middle of a pod of humpbacks. We sighted at least 8 to 10 males chasing a female. The marine biologist was very informative and the boat ride was a blast. They stopped so we could snorkel on the way back and the water was crystal clear with tons of colorful fish. This was the highlight of the week. Also highly recommend Discover Hawaii Tours. The Circle Island tour was great. Tour guides were very friendly and informative. Stopped and allow plenty of time at each point of interest. Lunch at the Ko'Olau Golf Club was a treat. Food's so-so but scenery is incredible. This Texan is in love with Hawaii!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel I gave my husband a trip to Hawaii for Christmas. I booked everything on Expedia for a little under $2000. This included an ocean view room from Monday to Saturday, a rental car, and the airfare on Hawaiian Airlines. We got to the hotel before checkin time, but they were still able to give us our room. The staff at the front desk was so nice and the lobby is exactly as pictured from Expedia. The hotel is less than a 5 minute walk from the beach and there were a lot of little convenience stores around if you forget that little something. We got to our room and the ocean view is something that I think is a must when staying in Hawaii. It was a great view. There was one hotel blocking our view just a bit, but we could still see most of the ocean. Also, if we looked out to our left we could see Diamond Head which was a pleasant surprise. There was ample parking, but keep in mind that we had to pay $12 per day for parking. This is about average for the hotels around there. You could travel by bus or trolley, but there's nothing like the freedom of going where you want, when you want. The hotel also provided us with a free breakfast buffet every morning. This was not just any old continental buffet. They had eggs, bacon, french toast, bagels, and all sorts of fruit. The staff at the restaurant was also very friendly. Actually everyone in Hawaii was generally helpful and friendly to the tourists. I would speak more about all the activities to do around the area, but unfortunatly it rained about 95% of the time we were there. Not only that, but they happend to have the worst sewage spill on the day that we got there and they said you could go in the water at your own risk. Of course, I didn't even attempt to put on my bathing suit because it rained the entire time. We did look at the pool which seemed nice and would have probably been really nice to take a dip in, but then again there was the rain. Basically I loved the location of the hotel, the staff was great and our room was great. There was a fridge in the room and a coffee maker. We had a little balcony which was great too look at. Since we experienced all the rain my husband and I decided that we had to come back again. Next time we had to make sure the weather would be nothing but sunny skies. The only reason I didn't give the hotel 5 stars was because the hotel is not exactly next to the beach and we had to pay for parking. Other than that the hotel was great. Keep in mind that if you do choose a hotel on the beach you are bound to pay much much more than we did. We decided that the ocean view and the 5 minute walk was worth saving some bucks.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sron
<Content>Great room, great location, friendly staff! Stayed here for seven nights this month. Check in was quick -- everything about the reservation was accurate. Reception and housekeeping staff were friendly and helpful. Was upgraded from a city-view room to an ocean view room because of my gold card. The room was very comfortable. The outdoor pool and hot tub on the 10th floor are wonderful -- great way to relax after a long day! The food in the bar and the restaurant are only so-so (tried each once), but the location is convenient to a good number of nearby choices. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FIVE STAR ALL THE WAY!!! We just returned from Hawaii and stayed at the Radisson for six nights. The staff went so far above and beyond for my fiance and family staying at this hotel. To HOWARD the conceirge who was SUCH a total joy and pleasure to deal with. To KATHY who was the sales manager who on a moments notice arranged for us to hold our wedding ceremony in their Gazebo/Garden area because of weather. The Radisoon Accomodated every request no matter how small. Our room was on the 18th floor and had excellent ocean view. Being a bit of a germ a phobe I found the room and hotel very clean. I know they are under construction and remodling and my new Husband and I can not wait to come back next year to celebrate.I would reccomend getting the breakfast buffet with your package all of our friends and family that stayed at this hotel regretted not having it included as they ended up having breakfast there almost every morning anyway. THANK YOU TO ALL THE STAFF.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>otec649
<Content>Radisson just adequate We stayed at the Radisson Prince Kuhio Hotel in Honolulu and do not plan to ever stay there again. Our reservations were made in May of 2005 for our vacation in March of 2006, on the Kuhio Club floor. We were under the impression these rooms cost more, therefore you get nicer rooms, etc. We were totally wrong. When we arrived one of our rooms was not on the Prince Kuhio floor. We had to ask for robes (which we were told were furnished with the room). The evening hors de ouvres were okay, but nothing like the J. W. Marriott (where we have stayed before). No one would listen to our complaints when we arrived on Monday. On Tuesday I talked to Jeff Agapay, the assisstant manager of the hotel and he did everything he could to make our stay a pleasant one. Without Jeff the hotel would probably close down as the rest of the staff are not there to serve you, they are there to get a paycheck. I hope Jeff is rewarded well for his service and attitude, by the Radisson Hotel Company, he deserves it.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bdawg
<Content>Nice place       View from the room  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aussiearch
<Content>Great location,friendly staff. Stayed here towards the end of February,after visiting L.A,L.V and N.Y.What a perfect way to end the vacation.The staff at reception and in the restaurant were very helpful and friendly-which was a nice change after just coming from New York.Had ocean view room,only complaint was an uncomfortable bed-but I understand that will be changed soon ,due to upgrading.A great way to end the day having a drink at the pool bar or lobby bar.Great mai tais and pina coladas.Location is fantastic, close to shops,beach and restaurants.We had breakfast included in our package,very good chow and again excellent service.Booked a round the island trip at the front desk,which was convenient.I would never hesitate to stay here again myself or recommend this great hotel to anyone else.Thankyou Prince Kuhio for a lovely stay and a great way to end our vacation in your wonderful country.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AlaskaFlamingo
<Content>Loved the Prince Kuhio Radisson Horel Our travel agent suggested this hotel and apologized for it being only 3 stars. Needless to say, we had low expectations especially after we read other Travel Advisor reports about the hotel, but what the heck - we were going to be on the beach everyday!Boy, were we in for a treat. The hotel was lovely, the staff was very friendly and helpful and the food was terrific. Breakfast buffet was a part of our package, much to our surprise and delight, and the food was well prepared and plentiful and catered to a variety of cultures. Rice, both white and fried; potato pancakes; bagels; lots of fresh fruit and 5-6 melon choices; egg choice was changed daily from basic scrambled to Eggs Benedict to Eggs Florentine. Bacon, Sausage and ham were often the meat choices. At least 4 juice choices as well as teas, coffee and milk for beverages. Bread for toast, croissants, danish pastry etc and the list goes on.Our reservation was for an ocean view room with a king bed and when we checked in we had an ocean view room with 2 queens. When I brought this to the clerk's attention she promptly switched us to what we wanted - no if's, and's or but's about it and it was 1 o'clock in the morning! This hotel is about 2 blocks from the beach and on a main bus route so getting around town was pretty easy.The room was very comfortably and clean. The linae was tiny but did accommodate 2 chairs and a small table and since we don't do heights and were on the 33rd floor, it was fine with us. TV with cable and pay-per-view stations, nice dresser and 2 night stands with deep drawers. Coffee pot and complimentary Kona Coffee-both regular and decaf. More than 1 packet of each would have been nice but not a big deal and hardly worth mentioning. Plenty of towels in the bathroom. Internet is available in the room for about $10 per day plus tax, but is complimentary in the Business Center in the lobby.The pool is 6' deep and not very large but suited our needs. The bar has favorite beverages-both alcoholic and non and a variety of snacks. Lots of lounge chairs and plenty of towels AND a hot tub for 4-6.This is a security hotel and you need your room key to get the elevators to operate and to get to the pool area. We found this an added benefit.We did use the tour reservations people in the lobby and found them to be very knowledgeable and they put together what we wanted very quickly. The woman even knew which public bus would get us to a variety of locations ;-) All in all we were very happy with our stay at the Radisson Prince Kuhio.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>karenHalifax
<Content>Excellent Hotel       Ocean view  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place! My husband and I just returned from Hawaii. We had spent 3 nights in Wikiki at the Radisson Prince Kuhio. I was very impressed with the hotel. Upon checking in, we were upgraded to a better room with no additional charge. THe lobby was very nice and it wasn't as noisey as the main strip. The location was great (a block from the beach), the service was good, and the staff was friendly. The pool on the tenth floor served its purpose and the hot tub was a bonus! The pool was opened late and it had a bar/snack bar too. My only complaint is that if you are on the lower floors (I was on the 11th), you hear the buses early in the morning. I am an early bird on vacation, but when I wanted to sleep until 7:00-7:30, I couldn't b/c you could clearly hear the loud buses and traffic. If you don't mind this, then you are set. But if you like to sleep a little late, I advise staying on one of the higher floors if your on the ocean side. Great hotel, clean, and highly recommended. I would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yung4fr
<Content>Convenient yet quiet location My husband and I stayed 4 nights at the Radisson in February 2006.Hotel is towards the Diamond Head end of Waikiki and a long block from the beach (this means a short block to Ala Wai Blvd and close to Kapahulu which facilitates fast exit from Waikiki.) I like the location -- short 5-10 minutes walk to the heart of Waikiki, but away from the noise and hustle.Only got a mountain-view room on 11th floor due to the relatively low corporate rate I used. In general, we don spend much time in the room and hardly ever out on the lanai so view is not a requirement for us. Room is spacious enough. Lanai is small with only enough space for 2 chairs and a little table, but adequate if you like to relax there for a cup of coffee in the morning (when it is not too windy, otherwise it's a great place to dry your wet swimsuits). TV, mini fridge, coffee maker, hair dryer, ironing board and iron, room safe ($3 extra per day), 2 phones and high speed internet. USA Today was delievered to the room daily (not sure if that's because this is part of the corporate rate package), and Star Bulletin (local paper) was available in the hallway for you to take. Bed was comfortable; they will be renovating and switching over to sleep number beds later this year, which should be even better. Room is clean, but things are showing signs of age (e.g. old carpeting). Bath room is small so both people could not get ready together in it, but there is a sink and mirror outside the bathroom where the coffee maker counter is. Soap, shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, and shower caps are provided amenities. There is also a clothing line in the bathroom over the tub. Pool area (on 10th floor) is not large, and was shaded most of the morning and quite windy, but that posed no problems to us since we primarily went there to pick up towels for the beach. The hot tub was very warm, in fact I think it was a little too warm to use during the day (or was it because I was a little sun burnt?). I sat on the steps in the pool one morning relaxing and reading newspaper, and the water seems to be heated? Well, it did not feel cold, so I am assuming that it must be heated.We never had long waits for the elevators. The lobby was spacious. The car entrance to the hotel was a little difficult to find and I think a more prominent sign would have been helpful. The employees are very nice and friendly.Overall I think the hotel is worth the price I paid, and I am very happy with it and will stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convient location/Mildew in the walls (includes Oahu tips) My husband and I stayed in a partial ocean-view room for two nights. The hotel is conviently located near the International Junk/Marketplace and the beach. Take a walk just a bit further down, and find a cleaner (and quieter) beach. Or, better yet, go to Hanauma Bay (more on that later). The staff was very friendly. When we arrived, we were told that they had little information about our needs (we had booked on Priceline, and had been quoted for a room with one king or two double-beds). They were able to accomodate us in a non-smoking, double-bed room with a partial-ocean view. When we walked into the room, we noticed that there was a mildewy smell which we thought was related to the air conditioning. We should have asked to change rooms, but thought that if we slept without the a/c on, we would be o.k. BIG MISTAKE. Since this was the last day of our trip, we didn't change rooms but returned home with a chest cold/infection from the mold. We were miserable.The hotel is undergoing construction and should be ready by this fall (2006). I'm sure the rooms will be much nicer at that time, because they are extremely outdated now. We also stayed at the Outrigger Reef and the Hilton Hawaiian Village, the latter of the two being the best. I don't know if other rooms at the Radisson had the mildew problem, but noise (ocean-view is also street-side) is also a concern. A few highlights for your trip:- Sam Choy's restaurant is AMAZING for a fine dining experience (Pacific Rim cuisine)- Visit 'Leonard's Bakery' for fresh, hot malasadas (Portugese pastries)- Seabird Tours - coupon in 'Best of Oahu' (pick up at concierge desk or in lobby) for $12 round trip transport and gear to snorkel at Hanauma Bay- Polynesian Cultural Center - don't spend extra for the 'Ambassador' package unless you can't navigate yourself around a theme park; don't take a tour with Rob (Samoa)- Paradise Cove luau is MUCH better than the one at the Polynesian Cultural Center, or anywhere else!- Chinatown is a lot of fun for an afternoon walk or for a photo-shoot- Go to Hanauma Bay early, early in the morning (otherwise the water becomes cloudy from swimmers)- Take a hike with 'Oahu Nature Tours' - Mike, the owner, is extremely knowledgeable and helpfulHave a wonderful time! Aloha!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Member05
<Content>Location as Convenient as Expected For the price, this was one of the most convenient hotels to stay in. It is on Kuhio, 1 block back from the beach and walking distance to just about everything you would want from Waikiki beach. There are plenty of beaches to choose from to lounge on. Pleanty of eateries, shops, department/apparel/designer stores. However, you will be on the very end of the wakiki strip near Kapiolani park. I found that I did not need anything from the other end, which is close to the convention center, so this was not a problem for me. If anything, I found it a great opportunity to take a nice stroll along the beaches or Ala Wai Blvd (which is where most of the shops are). As for the hotel in detail:1 - the cleanliness was average to below average. I would say 3 star is accurate. Everything that could be taken care of on a daily basis was done very well: clean sheets, clean towels, good overall room cleaning. But the carpet in general is very old. 2 - the elevators were super slow. At first I didn't notice a thing until the weekend came and then I noticed the inconvenience of the 2 elevators being repaired. However, they inform guests on signs that they should use the service elevators so in the end, we weren't inconvenienced too much over the course of our 5 nights.3 - the room that we were in on I believe the 7th floor was SUPER windy. It was impossible for me to sit out on the balcony. We still left the door open for fresh beach air, but it did get pretty noisy. 4 - the actual location itself is not very noisy and I didn't feel disrupted at all by crowds, probably b/c the hotel is on the street behind the main street.Summary: great deal for great location. Staff was also very nice.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Oahu, not as advertised !!!! Most of us would probably consider Hawaii high on the short list of the world ultimate tropical vacation destinations. My perspective is of course tempered by our other travels to similar destinations. Value is different to different people depending on your experiences and expectations. Perhaps that is why we read these reviews, to fill in the blanks that exist in our own experiences.Keep this in mind as you read on. We have traveled a great deal in the Caribbean. We find cruise ships and all-inclusive resorts the best value available today by a long shot. For those of you who do not know, true all-inclusives do not exist in the United States. This is due to the obvious high labor costs and countless other restrictive American labor laws. In Hawaii most of the hotels like to call themselves esorts? they are not, they are just hotels.If there is an opposite of all-inclusive, I not sure what we would call it, but Hawaii would be a text book example of it. Our stay was at the Radisson Prince Kuhio on Waikiki for the Pro-Bowl in February 2006. Clean, outstanding staff, well organized hotel. However, at the $250 per day neighborhood you would think something besides a bed would be included. We were disappointed to find an extra charge for nearly everything. $12 per day to park your car there, $3 per day if you use the safe in the room, and $1 per local phone call, even if it a toll-free number ! Very noisy all night even with the balcony door closed on upper floors.Waikiki beach has long been considered by many to be among the best beaches in the world. Sorry, but we are beach people and have been to many that are high on the list . Waikiki is narrow, very crowded, noisy, and the sand is mostly ground up sea shells. The sand therefore does not pack or knit together and is hard to walk in near the water line for long distances. This was what we found in most of Oahu. Also a lot of rocks everywhere except in a few developed areas in front of major hotels. There appears to be no effort by officials to get rid of dirty homeless people laying around 24/7. I know this is part of the urban scene, but they should not be allowed to live on the streets and beaches of areas like this. (This is rarely seen on developed Caribbean beaches where they are supposedly much poorer).Unless you have lots of money to waste on over-priced tours, you will need to rent a car. Alamo was $150 for 4 days, good service, nice car. However Oahu highways are in near total gridlock nearly all day, everywhere! Even out away from the urban areas. The entire island is overdeveloped, and crowded, and there lots more major tourism development on the way. Sorry, not my definition of paradise.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>soxgal78
<Content>Good for what we needed My boyfriend and I stayed at the Prince Kuhio Jan. 24-26, 2006. All in all, I think it was a good pick for us. We weren't really into the Waikiki scene, so it was nice to be a bit away from all the busy traffic, shops, etc., but still within easy walking distance to go grab a beer at Duke's and hit the beach. The room and bathroom were pretty standard. No view for us--we opted to spend more on our stay on Maui than in Honolulu--but from what I could tell, I'm guessing it was pretty nice.FYI: the gym was under renovation while we were there, so the front desk (always very nice and accommodating) gave us free passes to use the 24-Hour Fitness club across the street at the Pacific Beach Hotel. Great gym, all new equipment and plenty of it -- just make sure to bring your own towel because they charge you for one of theirs. The breakfast buffet was complimentary for us, though not apparently for everyone (we were behind one group in line in which two people had comp breakfast tickets and two didn't). I wouldn't spend the $14.95 for it if you don't -- there's a decent variety of food to choose from, but none of it too outstanding. It was nice to be able to grab something quickly before heading out, though.We liked the pool, though it was a bit windy up on the 10th floor. The bar drink deals were great for a lazy happy hour, though!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Radisson ok, probably better after renovations are compelete My husband and I stayed at the Radisson Prince Kuhio Nov. 2-9, 2005. We rented a car at the airport and drove to Waikiki. We had a difficult time finding the entrance to the hotel. After driving past it 3 times, we finally saw the entrance to the parking garage. Very frustrating after a long trip. The hotel staff was very courteous, the lobby and bar were very comfortable. Our room was ok, but the bathroom was very cramped. The bathtub did not drain very well and it was difficult getting in and out as the toilet was less the 8 inches from the tub. Our room overlooked the garden behind the hotel and the mountain breezes were very pleasant. We elected to turn off the air conditioner and keep the doorwall open while we slept. The breakfast buffet was great and a good value for the amount and variety of foods that were available. Two of the elevators were out of service while we were there so at times there was a long wait. The beach was only 1.5 blocks away and a nice walk. Since we didn't spend much time in our room other than to sleep, shower and dress, it proved to be a good value. Being a block and a half away from the beach also kept the noise level down. The concierge was a great help to us by providing maps, directions and ideas for places to go and things to see. I would probably stay there again once the renovations are complete.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Waikiki       Waikiki  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dano77
<Content>A great Stay            
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay My fiancee and I stayed at the Radisson Waikiki in late December 2005 for our wedding/honeymoon and had a wonderful experience. I researched hotels in and around the beach for hours and finally decided on the Radisson because of the value for our dollars and the nice location (only a block away from the beach, which was close enough to walk, but far enough from all the hub-bub to feel secluded). We reserved an Ocean-View room, and got a reasonable deal on it. I made sure to call ahead to let the staff know it would be a special occasion for us. When we arrived, they arranged for us to have a room on the 37th floor, which had a spectacular view of the beach. They also gave us free breakfast buffet passes for our entire stay, and gave us a pass for a free bottle of champagne. These were very nice small touches that meant a lot to us. We found the staff, from the valets, to the receptionists, to the restaurant staff, to all be helpful and pleasant. The breakfast buffet at Trelliss's was also really good and had all the staples (eggs, pancakes, hashbrowns, sausage, french toast, etc), which I didn't grow tired of during our stay. The room itself was basic, but clean, with nice furniture, and a great balcony. We found we had enough space to spread out. I also never heard anyone else in the rooms around us, which was nice. I didn't find the bathroom to be too small, which seemed to be a common complaint among the various hotel reviews. Not much else to add, except that we would definitely stay at Radisson again.By the way, note that the hotel advertised that it would be undergoing room renovations through Fall 2006.Take it or leave it...one couple's thoughts. P.S. We'd recommend Hula Grill as a good place to eat, and be sure to ask for directions to the local bakery that sells malasatas (puff pastrys dipped in sugar).  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>coffee01
<Content>Could do better... We stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks in December and were disappointed with what we found. The rooms are a reasonable size, but the bathrooms are tiny and the toilet in ours had leaked water from around the base (which smelled) - once in regular use, this leak stopped, but it wasn't a good start. The toilet in the courtesy room that we used on our last day also leaked. The waste pipe from the bath was constantly backing up, and by the time you finished showering the bath was half full of water.The sound-proofing between rooms and between floors is non-existent. You can hear the person above walking across the room, and every time anyone flushes a toilet or runs a shower the noise is enough to wake the dead. Don't expect a good night's sleep unless you have earplugs.The second floor is being renovated, so the gym is closed. You can use 24/7 fitness just down the road and it's a good, well-equipped gym, but make sure you have photo ID (something reception probably won't tell you about when they issue your 'pass').Breakfast in the hotel was brilliant - everything you could possibly want to eat, but the evening meal was a different story. Unless you like 'smash' (reconstituted mashed potato), avoid the so-called 'garlic mash'. Not many people ate in the hotel whilst we were there and there was a lot of waste. Staff freely wandered in and out of the dining room picking at the buffet as they went - very hygenic!The bar in the lobby has been refurbished and this is a really nice area. The bar staff are friendly and happy, which made a pleasant change as most of the reception staff were surly and bordered on being rude.Hopefully the renovations will address some of the problems with the rooms, but at the present time I wouldn't recommend spending more than a few days in this hotel. It's not a good advert for the Radisson chain.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sf213
<Content>Nice overall experience       Day view from ocean view room  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dmlcrussie
<Content>great hotel great location we stayed here from dec. 15 through the 22nd.hotel was very clean and updated. our room was cleaned thorughly everyday by the maid staff we always had more than enough soaps and shampoos. never waited for the elevator for more than 30 seconds. close enough to the beach and equally as close to shopping and food places. had a family of eight with two rooms and had more than enough space for all.will definitely stay here upon our next return  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great hotel in a great location I stayed at this hotel from Dec 12 to 17. I paid $70/night thru PRICELINE. My room was on the third floor and facing the back of the hotel with the hotel's rear garden as my view. The room is nice and the service definitely one of the best. Elevators are fast. The swimming pool area is small but the recent renovations make it very beautiful. This hotel is supposed to be unveiling newly renovated rooms starting the fall of 2006 with flat screen television on the walls and more brightly colored decor and paint in the rooms. Excellent location as this hotel is within walking distance to everything. Rooms that are even numbered have ocean views and those rooms at the end have wrap around lanais. I definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Manitobans
<Content>Nice hotel We stayed at the Prince Kuhio from Nov.29 to Dec. 2. The rooms were large for Honolulu where the bed often takes up the whole space. We found the bathroom to be just fine, not at all cramped. We really enjoyed the pool as it was not crowded and caught the sun. The pool bar also had drink specials which were a bargain. The walk to the beach only took 5 minutes. The hotel was within walking distance to many great stores and restaurants including one of our favorites Coconut Willy's in the International Market Place. We would stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good hotel       the pool  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Gordon78
<Content>Wonderful holiday We stayed here for seven nights in November and were really impressed with the hotel. We were on the 23rd floor and although we did not have an ocean view we had a nice view of the hills. The rooms were clean and spacious, althought the bathrooms were very small. The breakfasts were good value in the hotel, but we did not have any other meals in the hotel. The location was excellent, just a couple of minutes walk to the beach and there was a bus stop right across the road. Check in and check out was fast and the staff were all polite. There is a fitness room and business centre for internet access and a pool and bar on a terrace ont he 10th floor - the pool area was small, but was always pretty quiet as were both the pool and lobby bars at the hotel. We would recommend this hotel for a relaxing stay in a convenient location and for a reasonable price and would return here in the future if we visited Hawaii again.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for Business traveler I have stayed in many hotels on the island over the years, and this is the first one that I have desired to go back to. I travel for business, so of the more expensive hotels are not an option. The room was clean (a really clean hotel room in Waikiki is not the norm). I had an high speed internet connection in my room, as well as a free continental breakfast. It is only 2 blocks from the beach and a short drive to the H-1 (if you take the back road and avoid all the Waikiki traffic). The part I feel I cannot stress enough is the cleanliness. I am not quite a germaphobe, but I hate dirty hotel rooms. Any mold or unneccessary stains will cause me to change hotels (which I do often when I am displeased, changed hotels 3 times over a 2 week stay this month in Guam). I highlt recommend this hotel. Great views from all the rooms, a nice pool area, and only a nice block (open with shops, a starbucks, and a 24 hour fitness) from the beach.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Hula lula
<Content>Couldn't be happier I just returned from the Radisson Waikiki Prince Kuhio, and had a wonderful time. We were on the 6th floor with a city view. We overlooked the Koi Pond, and it was beautiful. After all the reviews about the elevators....I was expecting to wait. But the longest wait we ever had was a minute. It was great!The main lobby was beautiful, with very friendly staff. Our room was a nice size, with big windows from ceiling to floor. It made the room very sunny. We had a corner room, so the balcony wrapped around and gave us more windows.... and a great view. The room ended in 19.The hotel pool was sparkling clean and the jacuzzi was nice  hot while I was there. We were able to take the pool towels on our daily beach tours and catamaran ride. That made it so nice.The beach was a short walk, and the weather was perfect. So traveling in November was a good choice for us.We couldn't have had a better vacation than this one. We plan on going back next year and staying again at the Radisson. Oahu is a very busy city, but enjoying the touristy things...like the luau's and the traditional Hawaiian culture made a fun and exciting trip to any child that has never been there.Thank you all for your reviews. It was very helpful, and made waiting for my trip exciting.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dc_flyer
<Content>2 blocks to beach!!  An easy walk to the beach every day! Beach towels were available each day from the 10th Floor Pool! Spend 5 nights at this hotel and enjoyed my stay. Was on the 31st floor with a beautiful oceanview! Each morning sat on on the balcony and had a cup of coffee (from free in-room coffee maker) and watched as the night light changed to daylight. The room was spacious with a king size bed. The bathroom was small, but really not a problem. The main floor lobby is very nice. The hotel staff was very friendly. The fitness gym was being renovated, so hotel offered free passes to 24 hour fitness gym which was a block away and very well equipped. I will definitely return to this Radisson again.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elevators have been fixed, hurray!!!       Courtyard behind hotel  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect money saver!       Mountain View Room  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nbell8
<Content>Nice hotel away from bustle We stayed here on our honeymoon for our 4 days in Oahu. We picked a cheaper place to stay in Oahu and splurged for a really nice beachfront hotel in Maui for our 2nd part of the honeymoon. We were glad we did. We were more impressed with the beaches in Maui than Waikiki. Waikiki is nice, but its not huge and can get crowded and noisy (compared to Maui). We had oceanview room (corner room so we had a wraparound balcony) and had very good view of Waikiki beach. We could see the surfers our at the crack of dawn waiting for the waves. We also had buffet breakfast included in room price. Its an OK buffet (not a huge selection of food), but nice service and closeby. The elevators were annoying (we were on the upper floor and had to deal with the lower floor people using our elevators instead of the 'service elevators'). I agree that the bathrooms were pretty small. You had to dance around the door to close it (it just cleared the toilet). Otherwise, it was a nice clean room and good size balcony and room. We weren't expecting a fancy place for the price. It was really a short walk to the beach and buses and there are nice places to walk around and restaurants (we loved the Hy Steakhouse which is 1-2 blocks away. The Mai Ti and cheesy bread were fabulous.) Also nice thing was hardley any kids at the hotel (unlike the beachfront ones where kids are running around screaming like nuts).  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TNT123
<Content>A very nice hotel We travelled from Adelaide to Australia to get married on Maui. My new husband, 4 retired parents and myself then flew to Waikiki and stayed at the Radisson from 8th to 13th October 2005. We had oceanview rooms on the 17th, 24th and 27th floors and all of us were very impressed. I had read a lot of complaints about the lack of and slowness of lifts but we didn't find this to be a problem - on average we had a 1 minute wait. Our bedrooms were all the same and we found them to be very comfortable, clean and smart. Unless you are a very big person the size of the bathroom should be ample. The views from the balcony were superb.The location of this hotel is excellent - very close to the beach without overpowering tourists. We would definitely stay therel again.One of the highlights of our time on Oahu was Hanuama Bay - we arrived there at 7.45am and already there were quite a few people. The beach was excellent at this time, and worth going early. There was plenty of space when we left at 12pm but it felt more relaxed earlier in the morning. I snorkeled in relatively shallow water (120cm deep) and saw soooooo many different species of fish. We have holidayed on the Great Barrier Reef, Australia and Hanuama Bay was just as good for the amount of fish we saw. I had read other reviews noting they had seen very little fish, this was not the case for us.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>TravelingTimes
<Content>Nice staff, clean rooms, loud flush toilet, waiting for elevator We were just there last week for 5 nights. Rooms are very clean but small. All of the staff was friendly/helpful. Like everyone else has mentioned, we had to wait a few minutes sometimes for the elevator. It became a game for us to stand in the middle to see whether the freight or regular elevators would show up first and then we'd make a mad dash to get on it. Was pleased to find that the hotel restaurant food was decent and very fairly priced. We liked the off-the-beachfront location and had our rental car parked in their garage for the $10 a day fee. We liked the free newspaper and free guest use of the Internet in the Business Services room. The only real complaint is that the toilets flushed so loudly, it'd wake us up.. even if it was from the room above us!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>buddytwo
<Content>Plusses and minuses Plus: the hotel is nice but expensive, but then it was Waikiki. Plus: THE STAFF WERE VERY FRIENDLY AND HELPFUL. If this were the end of it, we would say all plusses. But:Minus: The foyer was poorly lite, and considering how pretty it is that is surprising. Minus:The hotel did seem in need of updating. And use of the elevators was difficult as 3 were out of service during our whole stay. We knew ahead of time there would be the additional charge for a newspaper and room safe.Plus: We took the advice of reserving the room with breakfast buffet included; that turned out to be excellent advice. Minus: The smoke alarm went off in the hall on 2 occasions during our week's stay. The first time we called the front desk, and NO ONE ANSWERED THE PHONE! We were glad there was no emergency!Minus: We actually had previously canceled reservations at another hotel when we read their bathrooms were extremely small, ONLY TO DISCOVER the Radisson's BATHROOMS TO BE THE SMALLEST WE HAVE SEEN. It is difficult to believe the bathrooms could possibly have been any smaller!Minus: The cabinet for the tv is a nice cabinet, but PECULIAR in the fact the doors did not slide completely back into the cabinet, thus making viewing the tv from any type of angle extremely difficult.Do the math yourself and decide; but on our next visit we will probably try another hotel.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent hotel Second time in Oahu, but first time at Radisson prince kuhio. This hotel was only classed as 3star, but i think it deserves a 5star rating.ALL staff were friendly, approachable and knowledgable. The hotel was clean and well presented and only very short walk to quieter and i think nicer end of waikiki beach. When we return to Oahu in future will definately use this hotel. p.s. Was 100% better than Outrigger reef on the beach which i would not recommend.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eyenurse
<Content>Great place to stay We enjoyed our stay at the Radisson. The personnel were kind and responsive to requests. The room was pleasant and clean, although the carpet needed to be replaced as was quite stained. Three of the elevators were being repaired, thus it required patience to obtain one of the two operating ones for use.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great stay at the Prince Kuhio My family stayed at the Prince Kuhio from September 11th thru the 16th. The bedrooms were very neat and everything was in working order. Rugs were clean. The bedding was clean and neat. The bathroom was clean and everything was in working order. Ice machines were in working order.The bedroom size was very adequate for four adults to unpack and relax. The bathroom was also adequately sized.We did not hear much noise from adjoining rooms or upstairs. The air conditioning work well and not real noisy.Waiting for elevators could take about 5 minutes. This is a temporary situation because the hotel was upgrading half the elevators when we were there.The floor staff was very courteous and responsive to our requests. The lobby counter staff were very neat in appearance, courteous and helpful.The lobby is spacious and clean and invites one to just sit, relax and enjoy the moment. The parking lot is large and accommodates a lot of cars.We used the hospitality suite to wash up prior to our flight home. It is a very nice perk to have especially when one is spending the day on the island before going home at night.We decided on the Prince Kuhio after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor.com. We were not disappointed. The reviews were right on. Our family enjoyed the stay here and would definitely return.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mmmeyerisu
<Content>Well worth the $ I also agree with most of the reviews posted here that the Radisson is a solid choice. We stayed at the Radisson Waikiki Prince Kuhio the week of September 5th. We were on the 22nd floor with an ocean view room and it was a great scene every morning and evening. The hotel is a short walk to all the shops and restaurants in the area. The street outside can be just a little bit noisy but nothing like the other main streets which run by the hotels directly on the beach. We had no problems with the elevators as we could always use the service elevators near the other elevators. We did not use the pool since the ocean is a 3 minute walk away. Traffic in Honolulu is sloooow so if the event/place you are going offers a shuttle, take it! Also if you are going to the USS Arizona memorial get there and in line before 7:30am or you will not get on the boat out to the memorial until past noon.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad for price Before making my reservation i read all the reviews for this hotel. I will say that i have to agree with just about all the reviews i've read. The hotel was very nice, clean, and in a perfect location of waikiki. Your away from busy downtown but close enough to walk to it if you like. I had an ocean view room on the 26th floor that had a great view of the ocean. I spent lots of time on the balcony but if your afraid of heights you may want to consider a lower floor. The best thing that my family liked about the hotel is the full breakfast. They had everything you can imagine for breakfast. My son is 5 yrs old and he was up early every morning just to get downstairs to have breakfast. The breakfast was included in my package deal which i do recommend. Otherwise the breakfast buffet can get expensive. The beach is a little over a block away which takes you about 3 to 5 minutes to walk to. You can use the walk if you eat there breakfast every morning. The only complaint that i would have is that only 3 of the 5 elevators were out of service due to them upgrading them. I recommend to use the garage and service elevators since not very many people know about it. I can't use that against them, they are just trying to make the hotel better for all of us. Overall we were very satisfied with the hotel, service, and especially the location. If we return we will definately stay there again unless i start reading bad reviews on trip advisor.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>U2fan
<Content>Nice hotel We stayed at the Radisson Prince Kuhio for four nights over the Labour Day weekend. We were in room 812, which overlooked Waikiki beach (the odd numbered rooms overlooked the canal / mountains, which still was a great view). The hotel is 37 floors, so the higher up you are, the better view you get. We took the lift up to the 37th floor and the views were AMAZING! The hotel was very comfortable - our room was large, and the air conditioning was excellent (coming from the UK, we really needed it!!!!!). We had a balcony but I'm scared of heights, so we didn't use it. We used the hotel's pool a couple of times - both times, it was fairly quiet. The staff in the pool bar were very friendly. The hotel's in a great location - it's only a few minutes walk to Waikiki beach but it's far enough away from all the madness! There's a convenient ABC store across the road. The only downside to the hotel was that three of the five lifts were out of service (being upgraded), which caused a few delays.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>6andy6
<Content>Nice hotel set back from the hussle and bustle Nice hotel with large but fairly dark lobby looking onto a small courtyard garden. Bar in lobby and restaurant off with a souvenir/ convenience shop opening onto lobby. Room was on 16th floor looking oceanward - great view (given there is a vacant lot across the road and a church) and small balcony. Usually floral bedspreads amercians appear to love (but were in fashion in the 70's). Good size tv with good selection of cable and local channels and fridge. Others have said the rooms were small - I didnt think so and while not LARGE prob would be 20 or 25 sq. Pool area is on adjacent podium - pool medium size but surrounded by concrete and therefore can be a bit glary and hot during the day - there are some plants but this area could easily be remodeled into a tropical garden and so enhance the pool no end. Is usually fairly quiet to which is nice. Coffee shop - only had dinner there once and very nice set up with a buffet carvery one night. Parking garage ramps very steep and somewhat sharp.Set on Kuhio avenue the hotel overall is very pleasant and does not have the busy lobby that more central hotels on the beachfront have. Having said that - it is by no means remote and is only a 5 or 10 minute walk at most to the action. Would def stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Radisson was a great buy for the money My husband and I stayed at the Radisson for 3 nights. We had an ocean view on the 31st floor. The views were unbelievable. The room was clean, had a mini-fridge and although it wasn't huge it was quite comfortable. The staff was great- the guy at the concierge desk gave us wonderful directions of how to get around the city. We had a great stay at the Radisson.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bolt the door Stayed at the Radisson for three nights in May. The hotel itself is very comfortable and the pool area is quite adequate with the pool and a hot jacuzzi open until midnight. Rooms are smallish with tiny balconies, but the ocean side of the hotel offers pretty good views past Waikiki Beach. One word of warning. On the first afternoon we were resting after a long flight from Down Under and in my half daze I heard the door open and somebody walk in - obviously one of the hotel staff members. But there was no knock on the door first. By the time I realised what was happening the person had already left the room, probably upon seeing us lying there on the bed. Nevertheless, not a very good first impression, so make sure you use that little bolt lock on the door when inside the room!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lawforash
<Content>Good place to stay in Oahu! The only bad thing is that 3/5 elevators don't work due to renovation. However, the extra couple minutes waiting at the elevator are no big deal compared to the other perks. The hotel is one block back from the beach, so it's close enough to walk but not noisy like the beach front hotels. The breakfast buffet is great. The staff were super friendly and helpful. The room was clean. I would definitely recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Immaculate, Great Location, Efficient Staff Stayed for two weeks. Reliable hotel - worth it if you get a good deal on the price. I usually prefer smaller hotels so will probably try the Ilima next time and make use of having a kitchen or perhaps if I have the bucks one of the Outriggers on the beach, but, as I was travelling with my teenage son and on a budget, this turned out to be a great choice with the all-you-can-eat breakfast buffet included in the price (which we never tired of), the pool area was a decent size - where families with young children also seemed well entertained, the mountainview from our room was lovely (hotel was too full to get an upgrade to ocean view) and the cleanliness of the entire hotel and friendliness of the staff made it very comfortable. The pool area had a good breeze which made suntanning very comfortable whereas the beach became too hot very quickly. The lobby was beautiful, rooms bright, tastefully decorated (okay, maybe the beige rooms were just a little bland) and nice marble bathrooms. Having read many reviews about the tiny bathrooms in other Waikiki hotels, I think these bathrooms were very nice in comparison. I also really liked the fact that at night this hotel's location felt very safe and quiet - being surrounded by other large hotels - Marriott, Pacific Beach and Banyan contributed to the calmer feel - travel a few blocks west on Kuhio (i.e. near Ohana East) and you'll run into much more noise and congestion (and a couple ladies of the night). The other plus at this hotel is the ample, easily accessible parking. Yes, they are rebuilding the elevators, leaving only three available, but I did not find the wait that big a deal or worth getting worked up about. This is not a luxury hotel but definately a big step up from budget and had everything we needed. Also found it worth having a rental car for 7 days and visited beautiful Kailua and Lanikai beaches on the windward side of the island and on the North Shore Turtle Beach and excellent snorkelling at Shark's Cove. Oahu Revealed is an excellent guide for these things.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>manoloblahnik
<Content>Close to the beach and reasonably priced My friend and I stayed here for 4 days and the only complaint we have were the elevators. Only 2 of the 5 elevators were working so there was a substantial wait for the elevator, especially since there were 37 floors in the hotel. Other than that, the hotel was fine and had a really nice lobby and bar.The rooms were medium sized, not too big, not too small. We had the mountain view room which had a beautiful view of a lush green mountain, palm trees and houses. The mountain view rooms also come with a breakfast buffet which is very worthwhile for an extra $8/day on Expedia. It is not a contintental breakfast -- it is a FULL breakfast with poi pancakes, fresh sliced fruit, bacon, eggs benedict, etc... The menu changed daily. The hotel is only 1 block from the beach; a very easy walk. None of the hotels by the Radisson are on the beach (except the Hilton and Sheraton which are down the street), so if you book a room at another hotel thinking it's right on the beach, it's not. You still have to cross the street to get to the beach. Save the extra $50/night at these other hotels and walk a block to the beach.Another good thing about this hotel is that they offer a hospitality room if you have a late flight. You get the room for 1 hour to freshen up before you leave. Nice ending to a great stay.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>glow4011
<Content>Not great, but not bad either!       Koi Pond from balcony  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid the Radisson Waikiki Prince Kuhio Due to renovations 3 of the 5 elevators in this high rise hotel are out of service and have been since October, 2004. It is an average 10 minute wait to get an elevator. The rooms and bathrooms are small, worn and quite dirty, especially under the beds. The rooms are noisy from hall, adjoining room and street noise. The hotel fronts Kuhio which is heavily trafficked, noisy and hard to turn into.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value in Waikiki My wife and I spent 3 nights in July 2005 as part of our honeymoon. The best thing about it is the location. It's easy to drive to yet easily walkable to the beach, shopping, dining, etc. We didn't regret not staying at an oceanfront hotel at all. The rooms are typcial Radisson; clean with the necessary amenities. Everything worked well. Our room smelled a bit musty when first entering. We could also hear the elevators, but we didn't notice it unless we listened for it. The activities desk was a pleasure to visit. The older gentleman working there had lots of excellent tips for a few tours we did. The concierge was helpful as well.Parking is convenient and easy to access, though it costs an extra $10 a day. The pool area and poolside bar were well kept and nicely furnished, although the pool itself was quite small.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GeoGirl
<Content>Excellent Waikiki hotel We stayed at the Radisson Prince Kuhio for the first half of our honeymoon, June 27-July 2nd and enjoyed everything about it. The staff was friendly and helpful and the room was a decent size and clean. We were on the 32nd floor and on the corner, so while our room was a Mountain View, our balcony wrapped around and we could see the ocean through the buildings (room 3219). Too bad we were too scared of the height to spend much time on there! The location was good, the breakfast buffet was very good, especially if it comes free with your room in a package. You can't really complain too much about free food, and there was a good variety. The restaurant otherwise was a bit dissapointing for the cost. Very slow service and just so-so food. The hotel is a quick walk to a nice part of Waikiki beach, and the location is quieter than some of the more central hotels. You can walk anywhere in Waikiki from the Radisson, so it is convenient and a bit nicer to be out of the throngs of people. The pool was really nice, and the loungers were very comfortable. The pitchers of Pina Colada's were some of the best we had. All in all this was a great hotel and we would definetely return!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Radisson Was GREAT!!! We had a wonderful time and LOVED this hotel! It was close to the beach, one LONG block (more like two blocks), but it was a quick walk. The hotel room was very nice and clean and the ocean view was SPECTACULAR! They had a complimentary full breakfast for us daily, which was WONDERFUL! The hotel staff was very friendly and so helpful! We had a late night flight out of Honolulu and hotel check out was noon, but they were very accomodating in locking up our luggage, giving us a pool key so we could use the pool for the day and, in the evening, after dinner, we were given a hospitality room (at no charge) where we could relax, shower, and change before our flight! The hotel was great and we definitely will be back!!! Howard the Concierge was very helpful and friendly, as were all the staff. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Waikiki!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great experience!! I'm not quite sure why this is only a 3 star hotel - 4 or higher would be more accurate. The staff was pleasant and helpful, the room while pretty standard in size, was kept emaculate. A wonderfully large bathroom, frig, 'kitchen' type sink and more. Plenty of deck space at the pool too.My last day - I had to check out at noon, with transportation to the airport not until 7:45 p.m. (uugghh) They allowed me to leave my baggage at the desk and take in one last afternoon at the beach (and the ABC store). Later in the day when I was tired and still had time to waste, they gave me a room for 1 hour to shower, rest up and change for the trip home. I was refreshed  comfortable for the long flight home.Next stay - this is the place I'll book and HIGHLY recommend it to any and everyone!!It was a fabulous experience - one I hope to have again when I go back!!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel My wife and two kids just got back from a stay at the Radisson. We found the hotel in a good location, about a block or so from the beach and walking distance to many restaurants and shopping. The service at the front desk was great, but the maids took their time in doing our room, sometimes at 2-3pm. The room was small but clean. If you are looking for a clean hotel nearby Waikiki at a good price without the extras go here, but if you are looking for the extras, such as nicer rooms, better location and terrific scenery, go to the Hilton where we stayed at a couple of years ago.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>goddessofdesert
<Content>Good Hotel Very nice hotel. Received a good deal with a package of a rental car. The room was nicely decorated and clean. Housekeeping did an excellent job. Every day I had new shampoos/soaps/etc. The hotel includes a convenient business center with internet access and printer. I was able to get a room on the 9th floor with a view. Has a pool on the 10th floor with bar, but didn't use. The fitness room was okay. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The onsite restaurant was pricey so I decided to try them on the last day of my stay for the Sunday morning buffet. At $11, it included breads, cereal, fruit and juices. The juice was watery and to get waffles or pancakes or eggs would have been an extra $4. Large windows look out into a lush garden. There is a charge for guest parking @ $10 a day. The location was idea for me. Close to the beach but not in the crowded area of Waikiki.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, would stay again in a heartbeat Great hotel, staff were friendly and warm. Rooms were very clean, couldn't find a stray hair. Plenty of towels, room service was outstanding and respected your privacy, and didn't not on your door. Rooms are of average U.S. hotel size. The Wow breakfast is a great deal, and the lobby is large and a cool place to hang out. 1 block from the beach, couldn't have had a better stay.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bg148
<Content>Great Location       room view  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Prince Kuhio Four of us went to the Prince Kuhio for spring break in March, and it was perfect for us. We are twenty something law students and stayed in one room and it was fine. The rooms are not huge, but have everything you need and are clean. We loved the pool, hot tub, and pool bar on the 7th floor so we would go the beach and come back there in the afternoon to relax before going to dinner and out for the night. The breakfast was EXCELLENT- probably some of the best food we ate in Oahu, and I highly recommend packages that offer the full breakfast with it. The staff was very friendly and the food was wonderful- fresh fruits, eggs, pancakes, etc.. we'd just eat there and then not really need a big lunch or anything. The only problem we had was with Expedia- we booked the package and paid extra for the breakfast and Expedia forgot to the tell the hotel that- but we resolved it over the phone and Expedia paid the hotel for our breakfasts.The hotel is close to everything in Waikiki and an easy walk to Diamondhead- it really is great even if its just a half block away from the beach. We walked in most of the hotels in Waikiki and liked this one the best by far for its price/value.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Loved the Radisson Prince Kuhio! My 11 year old son and I just got back from a week at the Radisson Prince Kuhio and we had a blast! We had a mountain room that included breakfast which was superb. There was fresh pineapple, melon, papaya, french toast, sausage or bacon, pancakes, scrambled eggs, a variety of eggs benedict/florentine, several varieties of granolo and other cereals, several kinds of juices and my own pot of coffee! Not sure what else you could ask for! The room was a good size, we had two double beds on the 15th floor, which was just high enough for a nice view. The pool area was really nice, with a poolside bar and grill, and nice wooden deck chairs in addition to the typical patio kind. We were in walking distance of Prince Kuhio beach, which was really nice and close to Waikiki beach center where you can take surf lessons and get a beach burger with fries or a plate lunch. We were also close to a Wolfgang Puck Express restaurant, which had a great selection of not only pizzas, but chicken, caesar and other salads, mac and cheese (Puck quality), which was great when we didn't want to go out to dinner, but wanted good quality food. All in all it was a fabulous time and we are planning on going back to the Prince Kuhio as soon as we can!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent for the price and location My wife, my 6 year old son and I stayed there from June 14-22. We were a little budget conscious but wanted to find a 3 star hotel at a good price. I read many reviews on other hotels on Waikiki for three star hotels and had the impression that a lot of them were old and run down. Three star hotels with stained carpets and dirty walls made me think that a decent 3 star hotel would be hard to find.The Radisson Prince Kuhio was outstanding for a 3 star property. The lobby is nice and our room on the 9th floor (city view) was in great shape. I think this is the highest floor you can have for city view so definitely request it. It looked as if it had been recently remodeled. The hotel is located a short 3-5 minute walk to the beach was no big deal for my son. It is located near the beach that has the wave breaker, thus you do not need to worry about your little ones getting caught up in the waves. You also pass a the McDonalds on the way to the beach!If you are thinking of taking the public bus known as the The Bus to Hanauma Bay from this hotel, know that people from all the other Waikiki hotels will already have boarded and it will be standing room only for about 35-45 minutes to Hanauma. Tough for a 6 year old. We caught a 10:50 bus so it may have been better if we went earlier.The breakfast buffet was $14.95 for adults, which I thought was a little expensive. We bought cereal and milk from the ABC store for half our breakfasts to save money. There is a small fridge in the room.If you haven't been to Waikiki before, know that you do not have to pack beach towels. This hotel said it was okay to use the pool towels down at the beach. It seemed like most people did this. Overall, the bell boys, housekeeping staff and front desk were very friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bristolmember
<Content>Good Place to Stay We visited OAHU in March 2005 and enjoyed staying at this hotel. We did intially ask for an upgrade and got put in the club lounge suites on the top floor which was high up! I think it was around floor 38? Although the suite was large and absolutely gorgeous and even had an ajoining room where you could get snacks and drinks, we decided to move as it was just too high up and we were beginning to suffer from vertigo! If you like heights and enjoy vacating in style I would definitely recommend the upgrade to the club lounges as they are good value for money.The room which we 'down graded ' to was nice if a little noisy as we had a connecting door to the room next door. Also the walls/flooring are not too thick there so you could often here flushes being pulled in the surrounding rooms toilets.We ate once in the hotels restaurant and although the food was fine the staff on duty were a bit miserable and it was quite expensive.I was a little disappointed with OAHU, I found that it was too Americanised and did not seem to of retained much of its original culture/features. There were too many fast food joints/restaurants for my liking. I would not recommend travelling around Waikiki at night as it appears to be full of drunken louts and prostitutes. Whilst walking on Kuhio Avenue around 9ish we witnessed a number of violent fights between local residents and drunk american tourists.I would advise people to visit the Polynesian Cultural Centre, the South Shore, Dole Pineapple Centre and Honolulu Zoo when staying in OAHU.If you want to get alway from the hustle and bustle of Waikiki Beach I would recommend a short bus ride to Kahala Beach which is clean and quiet , has stunning views and amenities.Had a good time there but after 18hours of flying I don't think I will be rushing back too soon!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Prince Kuhio is just the best!!! This was our first trip to Hawaii, our 25th anniversary, and the Prince Kuhio could not have been nicer. We loved our room, 31st floor, ocean view, king bed. We thought the room was great. Big enough for the two of us. The fridge was nice to keep bottled water cold, a big TV that we never turned on, an in room safe that we didn't use, coffee in the room, and anything else we needed we just asked. The maid service was excellent. Always neet and clean. I had a $75 meal voucher that came with my room package. When we checked in I asked it we could apply it toward the free continental breakfast. The desk person then gave us both a free breakfast ticket for the entire stay, 8 days, and the breakfast buffet was the BEST! Everything is so close. Kuhio Ave. is a Bus route, beach is a block away, all the big tour buses pick up at the hotel just a half a block away. Fast food is close by, and so are the expensive ones, and it is a little quieter although we couldn't keep the balcony door open all night due to the steet noise. They are working on the other two elevators and that was the only problem during peak times but who's in a hurry when your in Paradise? When we go back we will stay here again, promise! Aloha!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>so-so This hotel had a pretty lobby and decent rooms. The bathroom could have been a little cleaner, but it wasn't bad by any stretch. The service was good -- especially the bell staff. We also got a good deal that included a very nice breakfast buffet which was great.My biggest complaint about this hotel is that we reallyl didn't feel like we were in Hawaii. We were high up and our lanai was downright scary. I was also very dissapointed that the pool, which is on the 10th floor, was so windy and uncomfortable that we opted not to spend any time that at all. For that reason, I wouldn't stay here again.While this hotel is fine, I'd suggest spending a little more money and being somewhere closer to the beach or with some relaxing outdoor space.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moxie
<Content>Nice hotel, but small rooms Good pool area with a bar/grill and nice lounge chairs, but no view of the ocean from the pool area--It's VERY windy up on the 10th floor. The hotel is nice and clean and the wait for elevators wasn't bad. The room was very small; however, we got a great deal so it was worth it. I liked that it had a refrigerator in the room. The Radisson upgraded us to a higher floor (no charge) for a better view. We didn't want to pay the $40 extra for ocean view, but the moutain view was nice too. The business center offers convenient and free use of their computers and Internet. It was one long or 3 short blocks walk to the beach, about 5 minutes walk, 10 minutes to the zoo. Go West on Kuhio about 7 blocks to find great dining deals, such as $2.75 breakfast (2 pancakes, 2 eggs, 2 bacon) and seafood dinners for $10. Don't be put off, by the appearance of these places, the food is great. Cheeseburger in Paradise was a little pricey, but great music and a decent view of the ocean and surfers.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>keolo
<Content>Great hotel, excellent service       View of beach from 16th floor elevator lobby  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kanyon
<Content>Great Hotel for the price.       diamond head from my room  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a blast My family and I spent 3 wonderful nights at this hotel in May 2005. The room was extremely well kept and comfortable. The staff were really friendly and helpful. The grounds are lovely especially the view from Trellises restaurant. On the last day we were given a late check out of 2pm which was wonderful considering our flight wasn't until midnight. We had a late dinner in the restaurant then had a complimentary room for 1 hour so that we could all shower and freshen up for our long flight back to Australia. The location of this hotel is excellent as it is in easy walking distance to Waikiki and the International Market Place etc. I would highly recommend the Prince Kuhio to anyone for their stay in beautiful Honolulu and I would definately stay there again.Karen Australia  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the PRINCE!!!!!       A BEAUTIFUL view from room 1708!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gjl381948
<Content>My choice would be another hotel. The Radisson Prince Kuhio was not really the best place I liked. It was okay, but not as good as another hotel. To me, the room was small, and not really arranged well. The buffet breakfast was alright, but I have had better. You don't really have a vast assortment of food there. I would not stay there again.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We'll be back... The hotel/room is clean. The staff is helpful and friendly. The locationis close to the beach, park, and avenue to the freeway.  The reasonable person will not be disappointed with this reasonable yetremarkable place.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It!! Did some online searches for a hotel and picked this one and it was the best.Great pool with pool bar and servers.Beautiful lobby and beautiful rooms.Ours was a view of the mountainside. Probably would recommend the oceanside.We upgraded from a standard because upon arrival we found out all standard rooms have 2 beds and are on floors 10 and below(no views).Very nice hotel and steps away from the beach.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel to Explore Waikiki       A BEAUTIFUL view from room 1708!!!!!!!  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Experience First vacation to Waikiki and we stayed at the Radisson Prince Kohio. Staff was great, very comfortable and spotless room with a great view of the koi pond, mountains and ocean, yes we had a corner room and had wonderful views.We ate several meals at the Radisson and they were all very delicious. The hotel offered tours and we were very satisified with the tours and our tour guides. This vacation was very relaxing and enjoyable. We had such a wonderful time that the long plane ride back home to the east coast didn't bother us. Yes we savored every moment of paradise. If you want a great experience go to the Radisson you will enjoy every moment of your stay. We will return !  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel for the money! I spend alot of time researching rooms on Tripadvisor.com. (2nd year I have come up with a winner) We stayed here on our 1st leg of seeing 4 islands. We booked the car  ocean view special. It was wonderful! We went in and out of the garage numerous times- no charge. We had an ocean view room on the 15th floor. The hotel staff was friendly. We were within walking distance of restaurants, beach, etc. With our car we saw all the sites. Our charge for the car was $20.12 in taxes when we returned it. I would definitely choose the Radisson again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Radisson Prince Kuhio Great Stay Just returned from a seven night stay at the Prince Kuhio. We found the hotel to be a great place to stay at an affordable price. It really is only two blocks to the beach! It's an easy walk. On the way to the beach is a McDonalds for a quick breakfast and they serve fresh pineapple every day.The hotel is very clean, newly renovated, and the staff are most accomodating. The rooms are nice, but a bit small. Who spends time in their rooms while in Hawaii, anyway? There is a very large lobby area which is beautifully decorated. The hotel offers what they call Hospitality Rooms for travelers like us whose departure time is after check out time. Our flight did not leave until that night, so after we checked out we spent the day shopping in the city and went back to the hotel and had the hospitality room for an hour to shower, change and relax a few minutes. There is no charge for this and it really added to their already over the top hospitality. I would definitely stay here again. And they give returning guests a discount. The hotel offers parking at $10 a day for self-park. The location is great, everything you need is within walking distance. It is right on the the bus route, so you can take the city bus to places further away.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ExcitedMom
<Content>Happy we decided to stay at the RPK We stayed at the RPK March 24-April 1 (1 adult and 3 children) and were delighted with our stay. Although the property is rated as a 3 Star using the American Automobile Association standards (with a 4 Star being a fancy hotel and a 5 Star being incredibly rare), it had many features of a 4 Star property including a fabulous lobby, a hairdressing salon, room-service, and a nice restaurant. As described in all previous reviews, the staff were very helpful, including Howard the concierge. They have one of the few heated pools in Honolulu, and keep it open 7AM until midnight. I'd been told the pool was small but was pleasantly surprised to find it was 50 ft long, so could do lengths in it (although it got crowded late afternoon). The hot-tub is a nice tiled one, and was perfect temperature (nice and hot!). Unfortunately, it was very windy every day, so we didn't make as much use of the nice lounge chairs and the pool bar-snack shop as we otherwise would have. One nice bonus is that they allow you to take their towels to the beach, which saved lots of sand from being tracked into our room. We were thrilled to get upgraded to the 28th floor with a mountain view (although lower floors would have saved some long waits for the elevator, and might have made the balcony more useful as it really was too windy to sit out most of the time). The location of the hotel couldn't be better. We walked to the zoo in under 10 minutes (the facilities at the zoo could use some upgrading, but that did not detract from the beautiful animals they have with a great collection of birds and reptiles including the largest tortoises we'd ever seen - all for $6 for adults and $1 for kids). Kuhio Beach was about a 5 minute walk from the hotel, and was preferable to other beaches as the sand was finer, and they had a walled-off area for kids to play. The beach is crowded, but perfect for people-watching. We bought boogie boards for $14 at ABC which was a great investment (and they even survived the flight home). There is an area with shaded and sunny benches right behind the sand on Kuhio Beach which would be perfect for someone who loved the beach but can't get up and down from the sand anymore. They even had muscial groups playing traditional Hawaiian music there some days. A little south of there is the beach where they show free movies every Saturday and Sunday - just take your beachmat. The rooms are not fancy (picture a Best Western or a Holiday Inn with a bit nicer furniture) but they have recently been refurbished, and had marble bathrooms. One or two free newspapers every day was another nice bonus.A few suggestions about things to do:1) Hanuama Bay - Try to get there early as you have to watch a 7-min video about the reef before you can go to the beach, and we waited over an hour to see the video. We wished we had rented a dry snorkel (has an extra valve so less water gets in so good for beginners). It would be a shame to miss Hanauma Bay unless you have no intention of snorkelling.2) Pearl Harbour - We took the city bus (75 min ride but get to see lots of the city) so arrived at 9:30 AM, but again waited in line to get a 1 PM ticket to see the video and ride the boat to the memorial (all of which is free). However, because of the wait, we paid to tour the Bowfin Submarine, which was as interesting as the video and boat ride ($8 for adults). We didn't tour the Missouri battleship ($16 for adults) but would if we went back. One hitch with taking the bus is that we waited at the wrong stop to go back to the hotel, so ask the driver where to wait when he lets you off. However, it appeared that you had to pay at least $9 per person for the van tours to Pearl Harbour and the bus is only $2 ($1 for kids), so I guess it depends what your budget is.3) exercise - I jogged from hotel most mornings. The sidewalks along the canal or the beach were not too crowded, but might have been after 7:30 AM. I didn't rent a bike, but there was a place to rent not far from the zoo, and there were bike trails, but perhaps not as extensive of a trail system as in most American cities these days. People who complain about Waikiki clearly didn't realize they had chosen to go to a big city on a beach. It is not like the quiet romantic resorts you find on the other Hawaiian islands, but offers lots of shopping, restaurants, and entertainment at a much more reasonable price. I would not hesitate to go back and to stay at the RPK again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nearandfar2
<Content>Good choice We stayed in the Prince Kuhio for five nights in March 2005. We found it a good choice. The hotel is a long block from the beach, but offered good ocean views because there are no tall buildings between it and the ocean. We recommend the higher floors, just below the concierge level. We were on the 28th floor, which was fine. The rooms were modern, comfortable, and clean. At the eastern end of Waikiki beach, the hotel is a half-mile or so from the main shopping areas. But getting to them was easy enough. A plus is that the hotel is on the street that is the main bus line. We bought the four day tourist pass for $20 and a bus guide (both available right across the street at the convenience store), which we found a bargain. Buses go everywhere, including the major out of town beaches. You can even take a bus that goes all the way around the island for no extra charge. The hotel was accomodating and honored our request for a high floor and early check in. I called the hotel directly to reserve a room, and after a bit of negotiating they threw in a complimentary buffet breakfast each day for each of us. At about $170 a night, it was a good value, especially with the breakfast. There are certainly swankier hotels in town, but on a value for money basis, the Prince Kuhio is hard to beat.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>portis71
<Content>great service, great spot, I was a single holiday maker from Brisbane Australia, and spent alot of time reseaching hotels etc in Oahu. After reviewing other holiday makers remarks in the tripadvisor I decided on the Radisson as most opinions were very good. My visit was from early January 05 for 10 days, which I extended to 15 after only a few days. I would definately recommend the Radisson, as service and facilites were fantastic. I was on level 5 facing away from the beach, which was not a problem as it was more fun to be on the beach than watch it from a hotel room. The room was very quiet being a couple of blocks from the beach but still only 2 minutes walk to the beach and shops. The pool staff in particular were very friendly and informative, and never leave you without a cocktail in hand. I must point out though this is not a singles hotel, better if you are a couple. Dukes by the beach side is a great place to meet and greet and there are many other places nearby that have a great atmosphere. My extra 5 days I had to spend at another hotel, and even though it was a big name and right on the beach, it was --------- compared to the radisson.hope this helps if you are looking for a place.Brisbanite.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Amazing Break I went to the Radisson Waikiki for Spring Break from the Air Force Academy, and it was amazing. The staff was extremely kind and the hotel was kept in an extremely stately manner. When we arrived, we were upgraded from the 10th floor, city view, to the 16th floor with an ocean view. It was a really really nice surprise, especially with getting in at about 1 in the morning. The hotel's restaurant was amazing as well. They served a great Easter Brunch. I would highly suggest to anyone looking for a vacation to visit the Prince Kuhio, or at least go to Hawaii.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice Spent one night here on 3/19. I had booked an oceanview room at a rate of 189 (w/ breakfast) through the raddison site. I was very happy with the hotel. I arrived very early, but since my room was not ready they gave me a courtesy room for an hour to change and shower. I walked around and got my room a little after noon. It was fine...clean, nice size, comfy bed, and a nice view. It was close to the beach and many good places to eat. The breakfast buffet was just fine. I checked out but had a late night flight, so I checked my bags and wandered around for the day. When I collected my bags to head for the airport, they offered me a courtesy room again so I could shower and change. Much appreciated. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TS7
<Content>A fortunate find! Giving the Radisson Prince Kuhio 5-stars means that I can't find one thing to complain about! Staff: Really great, totally helpful and friendly. From the bellman to the servers to the maids to the cooks, everyone was a pleasure to deal with.Location: The reason I booked this hotel (last minute) was to balance out the high price of airfare, and a quick check on this site showed glowing reviews for reasonable rates. I'm guessing the rates are slightly lower than others because this hotel is one block from the beach! Literally a 3 minute walk, at most. I'm so glad I didn't insist on a beachfront hotel, which would have cost 1000 more dollars all to save just a 3 minute walk!Recommendation: When you book the room, make sure the contintental breakfast is included! I somehow stumbled into it, (booked through Orbitz), and it's the best choice I made! Different food every morning, banana pancakes, macadamia nut pancakes, breakfast rice (the best food ever), mishu soup, plus all the regular breakfast food. I've never looked forward to breakfast so much, and as I'd already paid for it, it was as simple as stepping off the elevator, handing the server a card, they mark it, and you're eating within moments. Perfection.Summary: With other beachfront hotels, you're paying for the multiple oceanfront pools, with bars, music, etc. Anyone can walk to these and order just the same as a guest, so I was happy to pay less at the Prince Kuhio and walk.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cubankid
<Content>great place Had 10 days in Waikiki at end of Feb. at the Radisson Waikiki Prince Kohio. Very clean, very professional service. We are not fussy people so the few things we needed (like directions , etc.) they helped us with and no hestitation at all. Even phoned a few places for us and found out the best times to go and what bus to take. Don't discard there dinning room too fast. There specials were great and again very good service.We are used to all Inclusive in the Carabean, so needless to say Waikiki was not our cup of tea at all. Way too busy and crowded. But the Hotel was very good We spent the next 10 days at Maui. A lot quiter but still not as relaxed as the Carabean trips.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great, affordable hotel The Prince Kuhio is a great base for touring Oahu. We got a great deal on the internet that included car rental and breakfast each morning. Rooms are comfortable and well-appointed. Our room had a nearly unobstructed view of Waikiki Beach. If you don't care much about sitting in your room all day looking at the view or being right on the beach, this hotel is more than adequate. The walk to the beach is very short. Hotel staff were incredibly helpful and courteous. The buffet breakfast was a highlight: a huge selection of gourmet items and every basic you would want (and I'm picky when it comes to restaurants).  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time at the Radisson Waikiki My husband and I stayed at the Radisson in Waikiki in May 2004. The lobby and pool area were still under construction. We got our room on Hotwire for a really great price. When we got to the hotel we upgraded to an ocean-view room on a high floor. This was an excellent decision---we had a fantastic view of the ocean and a small balcony with a table and chairs. We also had a small refrigerator--great for storing breakfast food and drinks.The location was perfect for us. A couple blocks back from the beach, right on the bus and trolley routes, near many restaraunts and shops.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Loulou96
<Content>Great Location Great Hotel! This hotel was located in a perfect place just two minutes from the beach and the shops. the rooms were a bit old fashioned but they were big and airy and if you book a sea view you have a great view over the pacific and are going to get some amazing sunsets. The food was fantastic and the staff were wonderful. would definately return and would highly recommend.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Service We Stayed at the Radison last march and were absolutely floored by the friendly service from all of the employee's. The night we checked out the hotel provided a courtesy room where we could change and shower , our flight was a red eye and this made for a very pleasant departure. The only drawback was the construction made it necessary to use the side entrance.The room was clean and pleasant. We booked alll of our activities from the lobby the staff even took our old luggage to dispose of after we purchased new ones at the swap meet (by all means go there). We were also able to mail our postcard coconuts (find these at the swap meet) and they were recieved by the recipients. We enjoyed ourselves immensely.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>micefry
<Content>Living Large in Waikiki We couldn't ask for anything more out of a hotel. The place was clean and modern, the rooms spacious, the ocean view perfect, and the location ideal (two blocks from the beach). To top it off, the temperature of the hot tub was high, just like we like it. Waikiki was a blast, and we highly recommend taking surf lessons from the Beach Boys just west of the Duke statue.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Travelbuffs
<Content>A-l Experience! Just returned from a week at the Radisson Prince Kuhio. This is a great hotel in an affordable price range. Rooms were exceptionally clean. The breakfast buffet (included in the room rate) had fresh island fruits, and a good variety of hot items. The staff throughout the hotel was friendly and helpful. We read about Howard the concierge who everyone seemed to hold in high regard. We were not disappointed. Howard went out of his way to help and advise us on tours. The hotel is close to everything in Waikiki and far enough back from Kalakaua Ave. to keep the noise level to a minimum. Would not hesitate in returning anytime. Well worth the experience.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Tadpole
<Content>FUN>>FUN>>FUN My Husband and I just returned from the Islands. We had a great time. The Radisson Prince Kuhio was very nice. All the construction was done and it was great. We traveled with 4 other couples and all were very happy. The only blip was the laua we had sceduled for Sat night, we booked it through, hawaiivacationsite PLEASE DO NOT USE THEM. They called us at 3:00PM and said it was cancelled they were to pick us up at 3:45 pm, we made other plans, then they called back and said they jumped the gun it was back on, 15 min later called back and said it was cancelled. I called Paradice Cove myself and was told because of the rain it was cancelled. I had 3 other couples thinking I was a little off calling them with it was on and off and on and off! Call Pariadice Cove youself and set it up. I was told it was a great show. All in all we had a wonderful time. We also renewed our vows on Maui with Rev Linda Stevens, she also was great. She took care of everything!!! We will go again!!!!!  T  C Grubar   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyable stay at well-located hotel       Radisson Prince Kuhio: View from 34th floor  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Blakeysmom
<Content>Really great vacation! My husband and I just returned from Oahu today and I wanted to write immediately to say that we LOVED the Radisson Prince Kuhio! It was a very clean hotel and the staff was very helpful and seemed as excited to have us there as we were to be there! The rooms were nice and kept very clean. If you are booking a mountain view room-ask for one that ends in 19-you will get a wrap around lanai that overlooks the mountains on one side and the ocean on the other. Our room was 3219 and it was awesome! There is a bus stop a half block away and it is one block to the ocean. I only wish it were one or two blocks closer to the center of Waikiki-we walked about twenty miles in 6 days-no joke! This was our first trip to Hawaii and definitely not our last! Some other great things-whale watching this time of year with Star of Honolulu tours was amazing, we took the circle island tour from E Noa-Captain Rob is the best tour guide ever, we also would recommend attending the swap meet at Aloha Stadium and an airport shuttle transfer from Holoholo tours-it is family owned and they are some of the friendliest people we have ever met-and it is only $6 per way! Hope this helps any of you on the fence about the hotel or any of these services! Aloha  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best recently stayed for 4 nights and every aspect of our stay was great.normally just a few people or things about a hotel are good but we found everyone from the car attendants including garage attendants to the food service were fantastic. This can only be obtained by having a well run management team who care about their employees and a corporate house that supports them. Small things like having both usa today and a local paper available free everyday to having a newsletter everyday on the hotel activities and general info about the islands culture and weather. This was our first time at a Radisson and at the prince kuhio and we will highly recommend that hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Radisson Prince Kuhio was FANTASTIC! My husband and I have talked about going to Hawaii, our dream destination, for about 37 years, so when we finally decided to go, I wanted everything to be as perfect as possible. So when I found this website, I was thrilled to have first hand reviews reagarding hotels and even some entertainment tips. I did extensive study and research on this site, and I might say it was confusing sometimes seeing that one person might regard their hotel stay excellent, while another at the same hotel was terrible. But I decided to go with the hotel's ranking number, along with our budget, and made the decision to stay at the Radisson Prince Kuhio. We were there November 22-24. I'll have to say we were thoroughly satisfied. The staff was extremely friendly, our bellboy was so nice and also gave us some ideas for eating out. The remodeling was all complete and the lobby is absolutely gorgeous. We had reserved an oceanview room, and when we arrived, we asked to be as high as possible and was put on the 33rd floor. We also asked to be away from the elevators, as I had read from other reviews that they can be quite noisy. We were about 5 rooms away, and never heard a peep! Our room was great, very spacious, and the view was just beautiful. There were no other buildings to block our views at all, especially that high. The balcony was a bit tiny, but at that height, we didn't spend much time out there anyway. We only stayed two nights, before we boarded our cruise ship, but we found that even the hustling and bustling Waikiki was a great experience. We also highly recommend the Polynesian Cultural Center.(be sure and take some rain gear for the unexpected showers)Even though the lua food wasn't that tasty, the center itself, and the Horizons night show was unbelievable. If you have some extra time, rent a car and go to the north shore, to a town called Kaliewa. You can watch surfers all up and down the shore. And about a mile or two out of town, is the Audobon Society Preserve. Even if you don't pay to go in, you can drive through some of the grounds and it is just beautiful. It was fantastic. So all in all, our entire trip to Hawaii was the dream come true we had waited for and would stay at the Radisson Prince Kuhio again, in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended The hotel is just minutes away from the beach and the staff were first class in every department, especially Howard the concierge who was fantastic. Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, only suggestion is that if you can get an ocean view room on a higher floor for a little more money go for it, it is worth it. Rooms were clean and we stayed there for 12 nights on the 11th floor with an ocean view and we had no complaints, for those that are noise sensative, Kuhio Avenue is a major street, so again paying for a higher floor is well worth if that is important to you. Would definately return and stay at the Radission Prince Kuhio again without any hesitation.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ok, but could have been better! We just got back from Hawaii on January 1st. The Radisson recently completed renovations in the lobby area but they have many floor tiles scheduled to be changed. The pool area also completed renovations but from the look of it I could not tell anything had been done. I would have liked to see the Radisson before the renovations???? The rooms were ok but a little small. The elevators were slow most of the time especially if you were on the 10th floor (Pool Deck) trying to go up. The breakfast buffet was ok too. The menu for the most part was the same each day so it got old after 5 days. If you are looking for surf lessons then stop by to see Roger Brown. He is located by the Duke Staue on Waikiki beach across from the Hyatt. He only charges $25.00/hour per person unlike the $100+ that other surfing companies charge. He is the best.The polynesian culture center was awesome. The Luau show was the best I have gone to and I have been to Hawaii 3 times and to 3 luau's. You will not be disappointed.The food in Waikiki is the best and has many places to choose from. I liked the Cheesecake factory the best but it can be a little pricey if you are on a budget. The cheeseburger in Paradise was great too.Overall the Radisson is just ok and very average. If this is what you are looking for in a hotel then this is for you. If you want a better hotel for the same price then look some where else.Mahalo  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed our stay, BUT This hotel is located one block back from the hustle and bustle of Kalakaua Ave (main strip in Waikiki). The hotel is a little dated, but more than adequate for a comfortable stay.The pool is not huge, but is located on the roof top of the car park on level 10 which is far enough away from rooms to avoid unnecessary noise.However, the plumbing within the hotel seemed a little noisy. We could hear people washing their hands, having a shower and flushing their toilet as if they were in our bathroom.There is a business centre on the ground floor which provides free internet access which is handy. The staff at the front desk and the concierge were always helpful and friendly.Lu Au - don't go to Germaine's Lu Au. Do yourself a favour and save $US 47.50 per person. Imagine an army camp style kitchen, long queues, cardboard trays for plates, slop for food. The Lu Au was supposed to be on a secluded beach. Unfortunately, the Lu Au was held on a mock beach at the back of an industrial park with dirt for sand. The hosts were annoying, the food was very average.Don't expect an intimate Lu Au. THe one we were on had a mere 900 people.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will be back!! Loved the room with beach view!! Excellent staff, very helpful. Breakfast buffet a must!! Close to everything!! We will be Back!!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxed stay at the Radisson Just spent a week in Waikiki, Honolulu and my stay at the Radisson Waikiki Prince Kuhio really helped me enjoy myself.Great location, at the quieter end of Waikiki. Beach is only a couple of minutes walk away and staff at the pool will happily give you towels to take down there.Had an ocean view and definitely worth it, though the view of the mountains behind is nice too. Rooms are spacious with a small area by the door with a sink and kettle for making drinks. Bathroom was clean and tidy. Plenty of fresh towels and nice touch was the way my things were laid out for me after I'd left them all over rushing down for breakfast.Buffet in Trellises Restaurant is to be recommended for breakfast (6am to 11am weekdays). Plenty of choice and the cooked items were presented in different ways each day to offer variation. The staff in there were particularly friendly and helpful - real pleasure to have breakfast.Likewise the staff at the desk were helpful in dealing with my request for a late check out.All in all a clean, friendly hotel well worth staying in. I would definitely look at staying there again on a return trip.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Radisson My wife and I celebrated our 25th anniversary here the week of Oct 17-22. Loved it. The staff was very helpful. We had an ocean view on the 35th floor. We liked the location, as it was close to everything, but far enough away to be out of the hustle. Bus stop at the front door. Would go again.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Definitely Recommend We stayed at the Prince Kuhio in September 2004 for a week for our 15th anniversary. We were very pleased with the hotel service and friendliness of the staff. We found the tours desk very helpful. Upon arrival the hotel had upgraded our accomodations to a higher floor which would we have paid more for in our original booking. The restaurant served a good buffet breakfast. We took advantage of the early bird special and started each day with a great buffet! The pool area is kept very nice. There is convenient walking access to great restaurants, the International Market and the beach is just a quick block walk (less than 5 minutes). There is free internet access available in a business office as well. All the shuttles pick you up for tours at the hotel. We will definitely go back! Mahalo!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MCNB
<Content>Room of mildew Stayed in Nov 2004 for a conference. Hotel was fine, but the room reeked of mildew. I know it's a tropical climate but this was BAD. Only survived with the balcony door open 24/7...the smell seems to come from the air conditioner or building venting. Would have cancelled if I had other options. Beware room 2110. The business center is 2 PCs and a printer. Convenient location, won't stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Bevzvet
<Content>Wonderful visit at the Radisson Prince Kuhio This is a wonderful place to stay in Waikiki. Our room, which was booked over the internet, was $129.00 and when we arrived we upgraded to an oceanfront room for an extra $40. It was worth it. We ended up getting a corner room giving, us a view of the ocean and Diamond head. The room was spotlessly cleaned daily and though the bathroom was little small it had a nice sized tub. The view was spectacular from our balcony. The service we received was outstanding and special mention must go to Howard at the concierge's desk who helped us book our trips and tours. He greeted us daily with a smile on his face and his offer to help us in anyway he could He suggested severals tours that were much better (and cheaper) than the ones we have picked out. The Discover Hawai'i Circle Island tour with Cousin Rolland as your guide was the absolute best. Security was not an issue. We felt safe and there is also a safe in your room for which you are charged a daily rate of $3.00 but only if you use it. I would not recommend the Waikiki Trolley. It was $25.00 per day per person. The routes change twice a year, but this was not publisized. We spent the first four hours trying to get to one place because they kept putting us on different trolleys to transfer us to our destination. It would have been easier to take the bus.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value and excellent staff Got this hotel through Priceline for around $60 for one night at the end of October. With the construction that was taking place on Kuhio Ave it was difficult to drive to the hotel but the traffic wasn't too bad. The hotel itself was very nice and the renovations were top notch. When we checked into the hotel we had a bellman take our bags to our room but then found that we needed a different room. After making a call to the front desk they changed our room and had the bellman let us into the room. I told them we would pick up our keys when we went back downstairs but within 5 minutes the bell man was back and brought our new room key. Great service!The walk to the beach isn't bad, it's only a few small blocks to walk. Then there is an ABC store right across the street to buy gifts or food items.I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for an off the beach value in Waikiki.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Conchens
<Content>Solid Value for a Wonderful Hotel This hotel just finished the mosaic work in the lobby the day after I arrived in Mid- October, and the lobby is swank and immaculate! and not under construction anymore.The breakfast there is excellent. I could eat tons of papaya and pancakes with coconut syrup, crispy bacon and there seems to always be an eggs benedict at the buffet tables, which is a good thing. Its definitely worth getting up early to have the early bird breakfast buffet at $10 instead of $15.I personally have no complaints about the room, except that when we arrived it smelled a little damp, but the smell went away once the air conditioning kicked in. You also have to figure out the toilet flusher! Otherwise it was really clean and spacious and provided good sleep, and the furnishings and accessories really fit in, quality-wise with the feel of the rest of the hotel. Parking is super convenient- I got to my parking space on the 7th floor, where I was staying. that helps.Lastly, the concierges were super-nice and were willing to keel over backwards for all sorts of stuff, and even offered to make all of my touristy arrangements ahead of time if I ever came back to the hotel. I definitely left my vacation feeling like I had gotten a great experience here at a great price. (Un bidded Priceline package)  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marshabell
<Content>Wonderful experience, a beautiful hotel for the money!!! We stayed at the Prince Kuhio from 10/23-11/2. we got an excellent deal from priceline and really did not know what to expect. i made sure to read the reviews on here before i left and have to admit i was a bit skeptical, but we paid less than $70 a night, so i was willing to put up with just about anything. First of all, the elevators were incrediby fast. the hotel has over 35 floors so it has to be. the toilets are loud, but honestly, unless you eat some bad sushi, how many times do you actually have to flush the toilet in the course of your day?? we stayed on the 3rd floor and kuhio street is VERY noisy and we could hear it all. This was not really a problem since the construction stops at 5pm and we were always up nice and early since we were operating on mainland time. if it really bothers you, ask for a room above the 7th or 8th floor. The pool on the 10th floor was beautiful, and never crowded. the pool bar had good drink deals. The lobby is beautiful and very impressive. it's nice that it is the first impression you get of the hotel, because they have obviously put a lot of time and money into it. Housekeeping was excellent and we were never without anything. There's an ABC store across the street and we visited it on a daily basis. get your film developed there before you leave, it's cheaper and you don't have to worry about the airport xray ruining it. we ate breakfast a few times in the trellises restaurant, very good food, but the buffet was $15 for breakfast which is a bit much, so we walked a few blocks to keoni's for their $4.99 deal. it's a great place for dinner too, a thai/american joint, a local's favorite. the hotel staff was very nice and very funny. they answered any questions with a smile and were very eager to help. please consider the radisson prince kuhio for your stay. you will not be dissappointed. it is one block from the beach and an excellent value. This was our second trip to waikiki within a year and we stayed at the ohana waikik malia last time. This was ten thousand times better! hope this was helpful!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JohnTes
<Content>Great Hotel and Location We were here for one night and were very impressed with the Radisson. The lobby is spacious and classy and the front-desk staff was very courteous (let us check-in at 9:30 a.m. with no questions). We got our room through Priceline and, even though we decided not to upgrade, we were on the 7th floor with a nice courtyard view. The room was quite nice and the location is perfect for Waikiki access, particularly for the price! Parking is $10/day with in/out privileges--a deal compared to other Waikiki-area hotels. I would recommend this hotel to family and friends, especially for someone who may be on a budget.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had A Great Time We had a great time at the Prince Kuhio. It was our first trip to Hawaii, so I had done a lot of research before selecting this hotel. We had a room on the 30th Floor that provided a spectacular view of Waikiki Beach and the ocean. It was wonderful to wake up each morning and take in that beautiful sight. The only issue we had with our room was the air conditioning. In turned out that the problem was ours and not the hotel's. You just need to remember that the a/c only comes on when the balcony sliding glass door is closed and locked. It took us three days to figure that one out. The restaurant onsite isn't the greatest, but who cares with everything else so close. We would not hesitate to visit the Prince Kuhio again in the future.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great time! We stayed at the Radisson 10/12-10/19 and our stay was outstanding. I had researched the Radisson for a long time so I was aware of what to expect. When we walked into the lobby they were just giving it the finishing touches and it was emaculate! We were greeted by a friendly receptionist who I believe her name was Frills. When we checked in we were immediatly up-graded to an ocean-view room on the eleventh floor. ( Not bad for a Priceline customer) We were given a room on the opposite end from the elevators so that meant our balcony was bigger than most because it went around the corner of the building. The view was spectacular! Every mornng and evening we would sit out there and enjoy the scenery and fresh breeze. For those who complained about the noise, of course there is noise you are in a city---a busy city! There were five elevators and most of the time within 20-30 seconds we were in the elevator. Our housekeeper was very friendly and polite. On our second day when I saw him I asked for an extra coffee pouch of the regular coffee instead of the decaffinated. Every day he made sure I had two pouches of the regular. Later in the week he saw me going into the room and gave me a handful of pouches. My wife is a clean-freak and she was delighted to stay at this hotel. We never saw one bug--there was no sand in the bed--------and everything was clean and sparkling! Everyone was friendly, even the guys in the garage. Even the bell- men we met in the elevator made conversation and gave us help as to where to eat. For those few who found the Radisson employees rude, I have found that usually you receive what you give out. Give friendliness and you get friendliness. No one, including people whose occupation means serving others needs will go the extra mile for customers who are rude and mean spirited. The Hotel is a block from the beach ( About 3 minutes) but I realized this was good thing because it was away from all the busyness of the main strip. The Hotel (because it is away from most of the heavy foot traffic) caters to those of us who want to get away from all the excitement when it's time to go to the room and relax and tone down. I felt secure and safe the whole time I spent at the Radisson. I would definitely stay at the Radisson again.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Service,        View of Pool from Room  
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watch out! I would like to warn everyone about the insecurity of Radisson Waikiki Kuhio. We stayed there early last month for 4 nights. Our hotel room got broken into 3 hours after we checked in. Our backpacks and valuables were stolen when we went out for dinner. The door was securely closed but the balcony door was left open due to stale air in the room. Our room was on the 11th floor. We called the police immediately but the hotel security claimed that they could not detect any unauthorized card key used during the 3 hours we were out. We were also informed that there were no video cameras installed in the hotel other than in the lobby. We have not received any kind of apology for our lost and inconvenience as of today. It has been more than a month now and I am very disappointed that the hotel is not responding to my calls and letters. The hotel does not show any attempt to further investigate our case. We are warning all our friends and family not to stay at Radisson Waikiki Kuhio based on our experience.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Another wonderful stay at the Radisson Waikiki Prince Kuhio My best friend and I booked a seven night stay at the Radisson Waikiki Prince Kuhio during the last week of June 2004. This was our second stay at the hotel. We booked the trip through Pleasant Holidays on the internet. We chose a double mountain room which included the buffet each morning. We checked in at almost 11:00 PM, and we were upgraded to a ocean view room on the 22nd floor. The room was very clean, and the view was so beautiful that we never closed the curtains throughout our entire stay. The buffet was an excellent way to start each day. We have decided never to book a hotel room that does not include this option. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The Pool area really looks nice, and is kept very clean. We rented a car for our entire stay so we spent most of each day beach hopping on the island. It was awesome coming home to a beautifu clean room each afternoon. At night we met up with old friends and had a couple of great dinners at the Cheesecake Factory. It was great to be able to walk around without being hassled. The street below the hotel was being torn up and the lobby was being remodeled during our stay, but noise was not an issue as we were gone most of the day. The zoo was an easy walk from the hotel and we took advantage of the free Wednesday night concert. What a nice evening that was. The Radisson Waikiki Prince Kuhio is definitly our first choice when staying in the city. We will be back !!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mkayme
<Content>A great hotel My husband and I stayed here for 5 days in early September 2004. We chose this hotel because it is in the quieter end of Waikiki Beach. Although this hotel was on a very busy street, you would have never known that while inside. The beach is within easy walking distance, only one block away. We stayed on the 15th floor and had a great view of the ocean. We were upgraded from a mountain view to an ocean view at no charge. Our package included a breakfast buffet, which was well worth it. The buffet had a variety of choices that varied from day to day. They also had dinner specials daily for about $10.00 an entre. The food was very good and the service was excellent. The general atmosphere of the hotel was quiet and we saw very few children. Our floor was also very quiet and I rarely ever heard any noise in the hallway. We arranged all our tours through the hotel and we were very satisfied. If you are looking for a quiet, affordable, 3 1/2 - 4 star hotel than this is the place for you. It was under renovations while we were there, but nothing that interfered with our vacation. The pool area is completed, the lobby was almost done, and I believe the restaurant and bar area are next. The staff were very friendly and I would definitly stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our Place to Stay in Paradise We had the pleasure of staying at the Radisson Waikiki Prince Kuhio from September 17 to September 22, 2004. We had booked a vacation package on Priceline, which included a standard room, below the 10th floor. We were given the option of upgrading to a room with a view on a higher floor for an additional $40 per night, but opted to go with the standard room.The standard room came with 2 double beds, coffee, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, and a safe was available for an additional charge. The room was neat, and impecably clean. The room was located in the back of the hotel overlooking the courtyard and the coy pond. We had a beautiful view of the mountains, and from our balcony saw a rainbow everyday.The maid and staff were very courteous, and even addressed us by name. The cleaning staff did an excellent job of keeping our room clean, and every morning, we received a fresh local newspaper at our door.The pool area was also neat and clean, and fresh towels were provided to hotel guests. However. we were not impressed with the bar in the pool area, or with the worker there. There was a sports game on TV, and the bartender was more interested in the game than serving his customers. We literally had to ask 3 times for service, and when we did receive our drinks, they were substandard and extremely overpriced ($32.00 for 4 drinks, not including tip)I would like to say the Radisson Waikiki Prince Kuhio was a wonderful place to stay. We were very comfortable in our room, air condition, hot water and water pressure were great, and we were far enough away from the beach so that the noise was not bothersome at all, even though the beach was only about a 3 minute walk from the hotel. Noise from other rooms or guests was never an issue, and there was never a wait for an elevator.We'll be returning to Oahu in the spring, and we look forward to our next stay at the Radisson Waikiki Prince Kuhio  
<Date>Oct 2, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent! Excellent! Just got back from a stay here from 9/14-9/21. My sister and I visited Waikiki for the first time and upon arriving in Honolulu - we were ready to go home -- Until we arrived at the Raddisson. From the front desk (Paul), to housekeeping, to the valet service - it was a fabulous service. We got a terrific deal on Priceline so we were expecting to be short - shifted as usually happans when booking through them. However, we showed up early and they had a room ready on the fifth floor with a partial ocean view that was fabulous. There was construction that was going on in the hotel but never bothersome or intrusive. As for the noise on the road (KUHIO), to all the other reviewers -- GET OVER IT!!! It is part of the price you pay for staying in Waikiki. How do you think a commercialized, tourist zone gets their trash taken away, or food delivered? I was able to sleep just fine, even through the noise and deliveries. The best part of this hotel is it's location. It's at the end of hotel row and a 2 minute walk to the beach. Or if you like, do what we did and discover non-tourist beaches that are a short 20 minute drive away!! Whatever you decide, do choose the Radisson. It was well worth it.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Radisson - Would definitely Stay Again After exhaustive research, we booked the Radisson from 9/1-9/6. We liked it so much we came back for our last night in Waikiki. We booked through the Hawaii Visitors Bureau and originally had a ridge view room w/breakfast. Immediately switched to ocean view for 20.00/night and we thought worth it. Our last night was on the Kuhio floor and again, worth every penny. Only drawback was a bit of water damage on ceiling which I thought could easily be fixed to make the room Perfect! The lobby renovation is set to be completed 9/24 and while a bit annoying it was so minimal I can't believe others mentioned it (unless you are planning on sleeping or staying in the lobby - it was no bother). Once, on Sat. we waited about 1 minute for an elevator and occassionally it was a bit backed up but really - NO BIG DEAL. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. We loved that the staff (Janet-front desk, Linda and I think Rene in restaurant) and a lot of others remembered us by name. We give high marks for the room, the service, the location is the BEST and will always stay here when in Waikiki. The beach is less than 3 min walk and it's the best in Waikiki - a beautiful, uncrowded, shady park is at the end of the street and a nice swimming area. The other hotels (more expensive) didn't have nice beaches or were so crowded you had to sit on top of your neighbor. We ate at a Korean bbq next door (yokitini sp?) that was terrific. The hotel breakfast kept us full until dinner and was varied/good every day. Just can't say enough good. We also read and asked about the lounge on our last day and were given keys to a hospitality suite for 1 hour - we showered and enjoyed this amenity. Didn't use the internet - walked to Ocean Resort and paid 1.00 to use theirs. VERY HAPPY - You will not be dissapointed - very clean, well kept, hotel. You can not beat the location. Also, liked the mai tais at Mai tai bar in the pink hotel - sit in 'toys' section (not the right spelling but excellent waitress - also remembered us from 1 week ago). Buy cheap bamboo beach mat from ABC and sit in shade at kuhio beach - no need to rent expensive umbrellas. Bring snacks but buy all else at cheap abc stores. We brought beach chairs and umbrellas and snorkel sets (also can be bought cheaply at abc stores) that we wouldn't bring again. (too much weight). Sorry so long but hope this is helpful.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfy  I stayed here in 2002  was very impressed with the overall appearance  cleanliness of the hotel.The only downside was that the pool is on the 10th floor  it was quite breezy up there!! Also it was shaded by the hotel for much of the afternoon, so if your'e a sun worshiper you have to keep moving your lounger every 10 minutes! The staff were very friendly  helpful, even telling us not to make international calls from the hotel phones as it would cost so much money, instead telling us to purchase a phone card from ABC, which saved us a lot of money. The hotel restaurant is very nice but not really cheap. There is a snack bar on the pool terrace, but there isn't a vast selection of food here.There were ice machines on every floor, a laundry room  a couple of shops in the lobby area, one selling gifts  the other selling food  general goods. I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The higher the room the better, at this hotel. As the final leg of our 4-island 15-day 25th wedding anniversary trip, we booked a 4-night stay in an ocean view king room at the Radisson Hotel on Waikiki Beach for August 3-7. 2004. We had just come from Poipu Beach on Kauai and due to an early flight we were confirmed for early check-in, which went off without any problems. The hotel is located at the far, east end (toward Diamond Head) and 2 city blocks off the beach. It an older hotel but the main floor was in the process of being renovated and will probably be real nice when completed. Its location from this end and the beach makes it easier to navigate in, out of and around traffic. Upon check-in they told us we were on the 27th floor right next to their main (only) elevator bank and asked if this would be a problem. Because we are both light sleepers they gave us another room 2-doors off the elevator on the 20th floor, and with 2 double beds rather than a king. Even though it was nice that they immediately informed us about our room location, I felt extremely disappointed and couldn understand why we had been assigned such an unpleasant room in the first place especially given the fact we had booked our accommodations 10 months out. As for our new room, it was updated, very clean and nicely decorated although the bathroom is a bit on the small side. It's location to the street made it a pretty noisy room with lots of city traffic and people noise. The room also has a small crescent shaped balcony with 2 chairs and a small table. Because there is another hotel located 1 block down, across from the beach, the ocean view from this floor was just okay and would have been a lot better from the 27th floor or higher, and would have also been much quieter, as Kuhio Avenue is very busy and noisy. We also rented a car and therefore had to pay $7 per night for hotel parking located in their multi-level parking garage that had convenient, secure access into the hotel. The hotel pool and hot tub are located on the rooftop above the garage and has secure access from the hotel 10th floor. There are guest towels and a bar located next to the pool with plenty of places to sit and relax. Our room rate also included a breakfast buffet that was served in their main restaurant (Trellisses) located on the 1st floor. There is a lovely garden located just outside the restaurant windows and they offered a nice variety of items every morning that made our dining experience very enjoyable. As for foot access to the beach, mall and downtown areas, it was very easy. Within 10 minutes you can walk to many of the beach attractions and restaurants including the international market, and there are loads of city and trolly buses that will take you just about anywhere you want to go. Overall, our experience at the Radisson was pleasant and would have been much better save for the initial room assignment. On our next trip, we'll probably try the Marriott Waikiki, located just to the east of the Radisson and across from the beach. We we visited their facility and on our last night, had a wonderful seafood buffet at their restaurant.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Radisson Waikiki is Great Value! We just returned from a wonderful trip to Waikiki on August 29. The Radisson Waikiki Prince Kuhio (NOT to be confused with the Waikiki Prince - that is a different hotel) was a great choice. We booked our trip through Expedia, and an ocean view room with full breakfast every day was $150 a night. The pool, as mentioned in other reviews, was small, but very adequate. The poolside bar has a limited menu, but great bargains throughout the day (pitcher of beer for $6 from 1-4, pitcher of Mai-Tai's for $8 from 4-7, etc). The only problem we encountered was that the first two nights were VERY noisy from the elevator. The first night we got in very late and were tired and it didn't really bother us. The second night it was EXTREMELY noisy, and we realized that, while the street was noisy (we could hear it from the 24th floor) the elevators were the bulk of the noise we were hearing. We requested a different room, and were given another ocean view room with an even larger lanai (balcony) and absolutely quiet. All employees from the hostess/waitressess in the restaurant to the desk clerks, maids and bellmen were VERY friendly and helpful. I thought the rooms were a bit small, but very nice - don't know why previous reviewers thought the rooms outdated, ours seemed modern enough. And our room was VERY clean - certainly no evidence of bugs as mentioned in an earlier review.Parking was $9 a night, but if you don't get a rental car, you can take the bus almost anywhere, and the beach is an easy 5-10 minute walk.All in all, we had a wonderful time at the Radisson.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK....just Stayed here between the 12-24th August 2004. Got an ocean view room on the 24th floor and saw no evidence of any bugs that an earlier reviewer mentioned. The bathroom is quite small (about 7 foot square) but was perfectly adequate. No problem with the water pressure or hot water as reported by other reviewers. The staff were very friendly and helpful, especially the maid staff. The air conditioning worked perfectly well and is adjustable via a control panel near the sink. It automatically turns off when the patio door is opened. Sound insulation between the rooms was generally very good... except for the toilet which i will mention later......Now the bad bits. Was forced to make an international call home from the bedroom phone in the middle of the night. 10 minutes cost........$89.......This is not a misprint........If you need to make an international call, go to the ABC store over the road and buy a $10 phone card and use it in the pay phones near to the lifts (elevators). This phone card gave me one and a half hours of calls to the UK for the $10. The use of the room safe costs $3 per day + tax which in some hotels would be free. Breakfasts were excellent and a slightly different variety every day. However... there were three of us and so i had to pay for the third breakfast buffet ...$15 per day unless you got down there between 6-7am, then it was $10, although in fairness there were cheaper options then to go for the buffet. The drinks in the pool bar tasted like they were watered down and were not good value. However, the most annoying problem were the toilets that were horrendously noisy. So much so that you could hear all the surrounding rooms. Kuhio Ave is noisy and the second busiest road in Waikiki and i could imagine that on the lower floors noise might be a problem. The renevations in the reception area were not a problem and it should look nice when it is finished. I am not a great traveller and do not regularly use hotels and so this must be considered when reading this review. Generally the question is would i stay here again and the answer is yes. It is based only about 150 yds from Kuhio beach and is in the quieter part of an otherwise very busy part of Waikiki. The staff were friendly whilst not being intrusive and the rooms were clean and tidy with only some minor signs of wear and tear. The pool looked well maintained and clean. The down sides were the cost of calls, noisy toilets and the cost of additional breakfasts.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>m1mars
<Content>great place to stay Stayed at the Radisson Prince from August 13 to August 18. Our room was on the 24th floor ocean view. The view was great, the room did need some updating and the bathroom was very small,but the room was very clean and did not smell of dampness. We upgraded to the ocean view for about 26.00 dollars more a night which included the buffet breakfast which was well worth the upgrade. As with the other reviews the street noise was loud during the day but at night it did die down. A great place to stay for the money.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Greatest thing is the parking lot... First, I didn't get the non-smoking room with the beach view I was suppose to get from my reservation and got a smoking room, facing the street. When I got angry, staff were more interested in fixing my 'attitude' problem than giving me my room based on my reservation.They 'accodomate' people and don't treat them as customer. I was greeted with 'At least we gave you a room'...Nice. That's the kind of attitude they have.Rooms are small and outdated. You don't have any control on AC and renovations were everywhere. Breakast buffet is really marginal and the pool isn't very impressive. The positives, the hotel is near the beach, the place is quieter than the beachfront hotels (Party people, don't go there) and there is plenty of space in the parking lot.With all the others options (Hyatt, Marriott), don't bother to go there. You have plenty of choices in waikiki without making this hotel your first choice.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>creeker7
<Content>Not Impressed I feel that I should first explain that I have traveled to many countries and stayed in a wide range of hotels from a one star hole in the wall in China to a five star palace in Korea. And I was very disappointed in this hotel after reading the reviews from this website. I knew going in, from the reviews, that the hotel was going through renovations. And for the most part the construction wasn't bothersome. I only found it slightly annoying at breakfast. It was the accomodations that I was dissatisfied with. We reserved a ocean view room on the 23rd floor for a July vacation. The view was absolutely wonderful. But the room was small and out dated. The carpet and bedspread at the very least needs cleaned but really should be replaced. The bathroom was so small that it was uncomfortable (and I am a small woman). I was wakened each morning to the lovely sounds of toilets flushing from the surrounding rooms. For some reason they are VERY loud. The shower has very little pressure and takes a while for the water to get warm. The pool was small but nice. The drinks they offer are a rip off...mostly ice and not particularly good.This hotel is not for young active adults by any means and I would suggest staying elsewhere. But it's Hawaii and fortunately you don't spend much time in a hotel room so I had a wonderful vacation anyway. Oh and I would definitely recommend skydiving while in Hawaii. It offers the best view of the island!!!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location  I stayed at the Radisson in Waikiki for 7 nights and it was exceptional, far exceeding what I expected for the price I paid (I purchased an air+hotel package from Priceline and the total bill was ~1400 round-trip from Kansas City). It is along the much quieter strip (Kuhio) than the more glamorous strip one block away which was perfect, especially if you're the type that wants peace but to still be steps away from all the action, too. Great Location! The staff was extremely helpful and the grounds were very clean. We had a view of the lush, tropical gardens below and the landscaping was gorgeous. The only complaint I would have is that I had requested a room with one large bed but upon arrival was given a room with two full size beds, instead. It was a slight inconvenience, but nothing that I wasn't willing to overlook. Overall a wonderful experience and I would definitely return!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel for the money We stayed in this hotel for 4 days, and it was better than we expected. The hotel was being renovated, but there was no disturbing noise whatsoever (maybe because we stayed on the 15th floor). For less than $140/night, it is a bargain for a hotel in waikiki, considering that it's within walking distance to the beach (1 block). The hotel staff were extremely friendly. We were offered a complimentary upgrade right when we got there, and when we left, we were offered a hospitality room (a room that you can use to freshen up before you leave) because the checkout time was at noon, and our flight was at midnight. We asked for the hospitality room at 8 pm, and we were given a room for an hour at no charge. We were very pleased with our stay at this hotel, and would certainly stay here again when we come bact to Waikiki for our next vacation  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value The reviews on this site are right on. There were absolutely no surprises. We stayed 7/15-7/19 and booked our rooms through Priceline for $55. They were really booked solid so could not offer us an upgrade but we they were very regretful about it and we never felt slighted because of the Priceline booking. The room: We were given a very clean comfortable room on the ocean side on the 5th floor. Although we couldn't see the beach because of the church out front we had plenty of ocean view. Even the construction on Kuhio was no big deal. We had just arrived on the islands so we were on California time and were always up before they started work. It was never that loud and closing the doors almost blocked it and all but the worst traffic noise our completely. The room was average sized and had a nice little balcony with a couple of chairs and a small table. The bathroom was indeed small but it was fine. They have safes for $2 per day. The housekeeping staff was excellent! Friendly and accommodating. The small fridge was nice but was never really cold. Parking was $14 for valet and $12 for self park. The hotel: The lobby was almost completely blocked off because of construction but it will be beautiful when it is done. The desk area and concierge area was available and we never hang out in the lobby anyway. They have a bar down there so that was defiantly impacted. The pool area is beautiful and although the hotel was booked we always found chairs together. Nice hot tub too. They have drink specials every hour but we only ordered them once. It was a picture of Mai Tais for $8 and I'm sorry to say they were weak and ended up being 2 Mia Tais and a lot of ice. The other drinks were very expensive. The area: Good location and the low buildings out front made the view good for all tut the very lowest floors on the ocean side. The beach right out front is nice because there is a breakwater built that keeps out all the big waves, surfers and boogie boarders. Il defiantly be back.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely uncomfortable Bad1. Extremely noisy on 9th floor. We're talking jack hammers and the sound of breaking rocks, sometimes throughout the night.2. Mattress very uncomfortable. Hard as a rock.3. Bugs on sink area.4. Bathtub stopper wouldn't close. After requested fix, it wouldn't open. Had to use a washcloth to prop it open.5. No control over A/C. Either none, or extremely cold.6. Room in need of updating/renovation.7. Rooms very small.8. Concierge missing in action most of the time.9. No hotel store/gift shop.Result: Didn't get a good night's sleep for a week, and I'm very good at sleeping!Good1. Staff very friendly and helpful. 2. Good pillows.3. Relatively low price.Advice1. Do not accept a room on a lower floor.2. If you have to take a lower floor room, try to get the patio view. Mountain or water view will cost you dearly in peace and quiet.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RKOTampa
<Content>Good Hotel for the Money Stayed for 6 nites at the Radisson. No problems with this place. It is a nice hotel and they are undergoing renovations to make it even nicer. Staff were fine. Rooms, while a little small, were neat and clean. Good location in Waikiki-not on the beach but only a bock away. For the price we paid ($129/nite w/ free parking and continental breakfast) I think it was a very good deal.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel for Price! This hotel was very nice. Our room was very clean, comfortable size, and had a balcony that we could see the ocean from, even though we didn't pay for an oceanview room. The grounds were small, but done very cute (koi pond and garden area). Lobby was really nice with a nice, friendly staff. Very nice gift shop with decent prices. Cute little cafe with good food. Always available parking. Right in the heart of downtown Honolulu. Within walking distance of beach and great shopping. Overall ~ Very nice hotel for price (on expedia). Definitely lived up to its 3 star rating.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel I just returned from a week's stay at the Radisson Waikiki Prince Kuhio and thoroughly enjoyed it. We had a lovely mountain view room with balcony on the 31st floor with a view of a golf course and canal on which there always seemed to be outrigger canoes going to and fro. I found the hotel staff to be very helpful with all requests attended to within an hour. The hotel restaurant was very good as well as inexpensive (fabulous breakfast buffet). While there was still construction in progress in the lobby it did not really interfere with coming and going and it is going to be quite a grand lobby when complete. The hotel is only a short walk to the beach and their new pool area is beautiful and relaxing with food and drinks available poolside. I will definitely stay at this hotel again if I ever return to Oahu.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at the Radisson May 22-30, 2004 and at that time the hotel was still under construction. Pool access still consisted of using a nearby hotel's pools and hot tubs. That didn't bother us since we went to the beach anyway. Hotel room was nice, not overly large by any means, but well kept. We had a mountain view room and were greatful because a lower level room facing Kuhio street had to have been a nightmare with all the construction and noise. Our room was always clean and the staff was excellent. The front desk attendant even helped us straighten out a timing problem with one of our tours without hesistation. The hotel has limited tv channels, but we were out of the room most of the time anyway. Hotel is at the Diamond Head end of Waikiki which means less people and noise and yet still within easy walking distance of everything. We were able to walk to Hard Rock Cafe and back, shopping all along the way. All in all, our experience was great and we would hopefully like to go back once all the construction is complete.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome hotel=) After reading reviews on tripadvisor, we decided to go with this hotel because it was said to be decent for the inexpensive price. I booked us a 7 night package which included airfare from SFO on priceline. As i've read before, priceline guests have the lower rooms. Not necessarily true. The first day we got there, the staff was excellent and checked us in by noon with out a problem, when the actual check in time was 3pm. When we arrived to our room, we had a spectacular ocean view on the 28th floor. The balconies were very calming with the warm weather, watching the surfers. One night we even watched fireworks go off over the water right in front of our hotel! The housekeeping staff excellent and friendly as well. The elevators are extremely fast. I had read before (and was also told by a friend) that the elevators at the radisson prince kuhio are VERY SLOW. thats not true at all! They gave us the newspaper every day, which included a brief bulletin for the day of whats going on at the hotel. The rooms were big with a nice tropical/contemporary decor. The front desk guy (RON) even warmed up my boyfriends prime rib left overs in the staff microwave at 2am! thats how nice they are here =) The only down sides of the hotel would be the fact that the room service food sucks. =P And the water pressure of the showerhead was not strong enough. All the construction on kuhio was a little annoying too, but as far as the construction in the hotel, we didnt mind it because you cant hear it from the rooms. AWESOME HOTEL. i'd definitely stay here again. We had a really good price. I recommend going to ONO. Its a restaurant off kapahulu. They serve the BEST local hawaiian food. And if ur into Thai food, make sure to go to SINGHA'S THAI CUISINE. It's exquisite. Although, we didnt get to go this time around, i went the last time i was in hawaii and i recommend it!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very impressed This lovely hotel exceeded my expectations in every way. The room had a beautiful view of the Waikiki beach, comfortable, large beds, friendly staff, a hotel restaurant that was delicious AND affordable! The pool and jacuzzi area was very nice with palm trees and a bar. I would recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deadlinemom
<Content>Location, value, service - we'll be back! My family of four stayed here June 19-24. We give it a hearty eight thumbs up! We were hoping for a room at the 20th floor or above, but the busy summer season had begun and our check-in clerk could only offer the 9th floor. We accepted it reluctantly, having been scared off by earlier reviewers' tales of noise and poor views. But we had no problem at all. Our city view room (903) included a stunning sweep of emerald mountains and swaying palms beyond the hotel towers. We were awakened each morning by the creep of salmon-colored sky over those mountains. Best of all, we had easy access to the pool and bar on the 10th floor. My husband and I enjoyed going there for a mini-pitcher of Mai-Tais each day at 4 p.m As everyone has remarked, the staff is wonderful--friendly and full of good advice. The hotel is centrally located in Waikiki, with beach less than 5 minute walk away. If you'll be there over a weekend, take advantage of free movies on Prince Kuhio Beach. And every night, the city provides hula entertainment along the beach promenade. Waikiki's beaches are kid-friendly but we found the waters full of lotion and people. Try some of the more isolated locales on the north and eastern shores. Also, don't miss snorkeling at Hanema Bay! Our adolescent daughters said it was one of the highlights of their trip. The biggest drawback for us was the horrible traffic whenever we ventured out in our car. Be prepared for Hawaii Time: ``15 minutes and however long it takes to get there.'' Lots of renovation continuing in the hotel lobby and exterior, but not a terrible challenge. All in all, a great hotel at a great value.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay I stayed here one night with my husband and daughter and I thought it was a very clean and accomodating hotel for the 3 of us. The room had 2 queen beds with a rollaway for my daughter. Everything fit with no problem. We stayed on the 35th floor and thoroughly enjoyed the Kuhio Lounge for an evening snack and a morning continental breakfast. The food was great. There is road construction out front, which can be cumbersome, but other than that, we enjoyed the pool area and we had an ocean view room which was beautiful. Alana at the front desk was very nice and made our trip to Honolulu a very pleasant one. Pearl Harbor is a must to see!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Total Enjoyment Excellent Stay. We were there from 6/1 thru 6/8 and had a great time. We booked through priceline and thought we would be treated differently but not so at all. We requested a higher floor and got one with no problem. Our cleaning lady (her name was Linda) was the best and sweetest person. Our room was immaculate from the 1st day to the last. The staff is very friendly. Everything is within walking distance. The only disappointment was we had a late flight out  was only allowed to keep the room til 1:00 instead of the normal 12:00 check-out so we had to hang around the beach (how sad) for about 5 hours til we left for the airport. Great hotel by far. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Waikiki hotel choice I just returned from a fantastic Hawaii holiday touring Oahu; 3 nights at the Radisson, The Big Island; 5 nights at the Hilton, and 6 nights on Kauai at the Princeville. I went with my partner, both in our late 20s.We found the Radisson to be an excellent choice while in Waikiki:Pluses:It is at the quieter end of Waikiki near Kuhio Beach Park and Kapiolani Park (stunning sunset views)- a big plus for us anyway!Short wait and very friendly check in staffEfficient valet parkingFantastic views (were on 35th floor)Very bright, clean and contemporary decor in the bedroom.Bathroom - bight marble (a bit dated), smaller than average but clean and powerful shower.Beds large and comfortableThe Kuhio club levels don't offer anything more in the rooms but access to the small but very friendly lounge was really good - very nice continental breakfast in the morning, and a seletcion of appetisors in the evening. If you can get these levels at a good rate then go for it but would not pay more than $20 extra.Another big plus is that the price at the Radisson is way below other comparable hotels, and although it does not have all the facilities of say the Hilton, for less money you will get a nice clean room, friendly efficient service and a good start to Hawaii.Negatives:Lobby is under big refurb (but not a big problem)Small but clean pool area (we did not use)Construction on the road outside the hotel can make access at times slow and frustratingLower floors probably offer limited view due to surrounding cityscape and would be quite noisy from traffic etc.It is on Oahu, which was our least favourite island, in terms of touring, but if you like the big city, party atmosphere of Waikiki then thats not a problem either.For info on the Hilton, Big island, and the Princeville read under those reviews.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly, clean, good price My teenage daughter, her friend, and I stayed at the Radisson Prince Kuhio during Easter week (early April.) We had a great room on the 28th floor with the mountain view. The room was clean and an acceptable size for the three of us. The 5-minute walk to the beach was never a problem. We walked around Waikiki every night to take in the street entertainment, too. The girls ate breakfast at the buffet every morning, since breakfast for two was included in our rate. The buffet offered a wide selection of good food, but I think they got tired of it by mid-week. Next time, I think we'll pass on the breakfast buffet add-on so we could try breakfasts at other places as well. The desk staff was very friendly, and helpful, answering questions cheerfully. I felt that they valued our presence and they genuinely wanted to help us have the best time possible. The maids were very friendly and thorough. I walked into our room while the maid was cleaning and she was very polite and friendly, but made sure that I produced a key for the room to prove that I was not there to 'lift' anything. I appreciated that she was protecting our property, yet handled the situation professionally and courteously. The bellboys held our luggage behind their desk all day on our departure day, since we had an evening flight out. We were able to spend the day at the beach, come back to a special guest room to shower, and leave for the airport fresh and ready for the long trip home. We loved Honolulu and are glad we decided to stay at the Radisson Prince Kuhio. I hope to go back with my husband within a few years, and we will definitely stay there.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chiguy50
<Content>An Excellent Choice in Waikiki We stayed at the Radisson Prince Kuhio Waikiki from June 2 to June 8 and found most of the laudatory comments from previous reviewers justified. We booked on Hotwire.com, paying $73 a night for a city-view double. When we got to the hotel, we were allowed to upgrade to a non-smoking king room on the 30th floor with a mountain view for an extra $10 a night. While not a luxury hotel by any standard, the Radisson was well worth the price we paid. Our room was clean and amply furnished, the view was spectacular, and the staff was friendly and helpful. The pool renovations have been completed, but the lobby is still a work in progress. The road construction on Kuhio Ave. was somewhat bothersome from a traffic standpoint but was not a major hassle. We took advantage of the $9.95 early bird breakfast buffet (between 6:00 and 7:00) on several occasions and loved it.   
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Low Key If you like peace and tranquility, great views, not to mention wonderful meals, and newly renovated, this is the place to be. Just a block from Waikiki and shopping, and located near Diamond Head. The rooms are adequate and comfortable. The 32nd floor gave beautiful views of ocean and mountains. I would definitely return for rest and great service.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>partnerzy
<Content>Very Good, with some exceptions Checking-in/out fast and easy, staff generally friendly and helpful. Was given requested room. Room was not too small, as it was described in some reviews. For sure it wasn recently renovated (!!!) as it is described by Travelocity, but still room is in good condition; minus - bathroom, small and marble looks old. View - great (my room was on 30th floor. Good location - only 2 mins walk to beach. They just opened new swimming pool (rather small) and performing renovation in the lobby. Breakfast Buffet - great and staff in restaurant is very, very friendly! Big +. High-speed internet sucks, especially when you try SSL, forget about downloading e-mails from secured server. I tried to solve it with Wayport tech support, spent 4 hours, without positive results; finally asked for refund. Would return - yes if will find bargain deal. I paid $1100/7 nights, including breakfast; seems to me overpriced, but compensated by great airfare around $450 r/t. Beware: they charge $9+Tax per night for parking, which is VERY uncomfortable; $3 per day for safe and $1 (sic!) per local call :-) don't even try long distance. Actually, you don't need a car in Waikiki - unless you want to travel a lot to see north and west shore. In Waikiki better leave car in hotel garage - parking elsewhere is difficult and expensive. PS Last night when we returned to our room, we found huge cockroach walking off from bathroom. It may happen in one star motel, but should not in Radisson. And, I believe, I read about that problem before at tripadvisor, but couldn believe. I called for room service to clean after xecution? 2 gentlemen came 10 minutes after. They apologized, but didn look surprised?Three stars ?hmmm maybe yes.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One Great Hotel We stayed at the Radisson Waikiki Prince Huhio hotel from from May 17th to May 27th 2004, and had a wonderful time! This was our family's 7th trip to the aloha state and we've experienced many hotels along the way. The Radisson is, by far, the best hotel we've stayed at thus far. The rooms are clean and comfortable, and the hotel staff is very helpful and treated us exceptionally well. The hotel is being remodeled, and from what I have seen, the hotel is going to be even more gorgeous when everything is finished. I would recommend staying here to anyone, in fact, the next time our family goes on vacation we will definitely be staying here again!   
<Date>Jun 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Staff I just checked out of the Radisson on the night of May 31st. It was a very pleasurable experience. Getting into the hotel was a little hectic because of the construction on Kuhio Street. Once inside the staff was very friendly. The elevators were very quick and the room was awesome. I had a mountain view room on the 24th floor. It was absolutely spectacular to sit on the balcony looking at all of the beautiful lights at night and feeling the nice tropical breeze. Paul, which is one of the front desk managers really took care of me. He has outstanding customer service skills. The room was very clean, housekeeping was excellent, and the view just spectacular. I like the fact that after ripping and running all day I could come back to a quiet room. I would definitely stay here again. I am anxious to see what will turn out after all of the remodeling is done.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay there if you can. I was assigned this hotel by Priceline at a very good price.We arrived at about 1:30 on Thursday the 27th. I had arranged for a balloon delivery for my son who would celebrate his 9th birthday while we were in Hawaii. They had it waiting when we arrived and refused a small gratuity for the extra effort.There was no line at the front desk and the gal that assisted us, Janet, was very friendly and helpful. They had us booked on the 7th or 8th floor which was a smoking floor with two double beds. I asked about getting a non-smoking king room and she stated that we could do that, but the room might not be clean yet. I asked about the cost to upgrade to one of their Parlor Suites. She said that this would be $100 extra per night. She then said that we could get a non-smoking king on a high floor with an ocean view for $20 more per night. I don't mind paying a little extra to upgrade to something nice because I usually pay so little with Priceline. This upgrade was worth every penny. The room was not quite ready so we went down the street to have lunch and it was ready when we returned.The room was on the 30th floor with a great view. It was nice to be able to look out and see the boats, surfers and swimmers. We all enjoyed sitting on the Lanai when we were in the room. The room was in great shape and very clean. They were able to remove the sand everyday when they cleaned. The bathtub drained a little slow, but I guess it is nearly impossible to keep up with all the sand that goes down the drain. The room had a safe for $3 per day and a complimentary refrigerator. They had Wayport high speed internet for $9.95 per day. I had purchased a prepaid connection before we left from home which made the price closer to $6 per day. I was also able to get a WiFi signal from the Marriott across the street in my room. The price appeared to be about the same as Wayport.The king sized bed was comfortable and they provided a couple of extra pillows. We brought an air mattress for the kids to sleep on and there was plenty of room for it after I moved the table to the other side of the room. Parking was $9 for self and $12 for valet. We chose the valet for no particular reason. Everytime we wanted the car I phoned down and gave them my ticket number. It was always there waiting when we arrived. We ate two meals at the restaurant. Both were breakfast and both were very good. They had a breakfast special each morning. It included 2 eggs, 2 pancakes and two pieces of bacon for $4.95. They also had a breakfast buffet with a nice variety of food for $14.95. However, if you went between 6 and 7 it was only $9.95. We ate one morning at McDonald's and the breakfast for 4 was just under $30.The walk to the beach was about 6 minutes from our room. They provide complimentary towels to take to the beach. The room was very quiet and we never heard noise from our neighbors or people in the hallway. The elevators were fast and we never had to wait more than about 30 seconds. The pool renovations were finished and the pool opened the day before we left. We walked out there and it appeared to look like just about every other pool we saw while we were there. I printed out a map and directions from mapsonus.com from the airport. The route avoided alot of Waikiki traffic and most of the construction on Kuhio. We had no problems getting in and out of the driveway area. It was a great stay. The whole family discussed it and agreed that there was not one thing we could complain about. Little annoyances have a way of disrupting an entire trip. There were none and the Radisson. We would stay here again and be happy about it. Of course, one of the joys of Priceline is the ability to check out many different places without breaking the bank.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tgw
<Content>Wonderful Place!! This is one of Honolulu's finest hotels in a great location. Very elegant, yet relaxed. Rooms are nicely decorated and neatly appointed. Like a previous reviewer said, people who book their reservations on Priceline, Hotwire, etc. shouldn't expect the best rooms. I have worked in an upscale hotel, and guests that don't book through the hotel, its central reservations/website, or a travel agent are at the bottom of the totem pole. And rightfully so. The more you pay, the more you get. And just a note... Radisson now has an online best rate guarantee so their rates are now lower than all of those other websites anyway. This hotel offers a nice location for either the beach or the city and the staff is extremely helpful in getting you in the right direction. I have now stayed at this hotel and the Sheraton, and while they are both comparable in physical qualities, price, etc., the staff at the Radisson were awesome and because of that I will return!  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice stay overall Just returned from the Radisson and overall, it was a very pleasant experience. The construction in the lobby and pool is still going on along with the Kuhio Street construction. I thought the staff was excellent and they were all friendly and very helpful when we needed them. If you can swing it, I highly recommend staying on the Concierge level with an ocean view. It was well worth the money to me. The hotels in front of the view were really not that bad (at least not from our floor-37th). It was nice having the continental breakfast every morning and there is also a computer with internet access in the lounge. The breakfast is plentiful, from 6 to 9, and snacks in the evening from 5 to 7, and the staff up there is really great. The hotel is only a block from the beach and it's not a long walk at all. I almost preferred it to the resorts right on the beach which were so crowded all the time. If you like going to the pool, go to the Marriott. They have a nice pool. We had a problem with our shower (water pressure and temperature), but when we called to have it fixed, they had it done in no time, and apologized for the inconvenience. Overall, it was a good experience, and we had a nice time. Definitely get a car and see the other side of the island. It's a whole different world!  
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only a 3 Star This hotel only gets 3 stars from me and shouldnt receive any better. I mostly stay at either Hilton brand hotels or Hyatt hotels and rarely venture to other brands but I decided to try the Radisson. In a world where Radisson is trying to step up to the porch with other finer hotels they fall far short of the top step. The room was clean, but for one of the bed spreads to have some sort of gook on it, but room service changed it after I left a note for them. The room was also nicely decorated Hawaii style while not being tacky about it. If you want an ocean view room you will be staying at the wrong hotel, you will have to share the view with obstruction of other hotels, note the hotel is not beach front as the pictures would have you to believe. Mountain view rooms would be great at this hotel with little to no obstructing views. Thos two should only concern you if you are a person who must have a view of something, but why come to Hawaii and spend considerable time staring out of your window? Yes the pool was closed due to construction, but we did not fly over 10 hrs to spend time at the pool. If you have to use the pool, two other hotels are in conjunction with the Radisson for your use. The remodeling construction was going on in the lobby but looked to soon be completed. Though keep in mind not only is the Radisson going under construction, the whole street of Kuhio is under construction, which is in front of the hotel. Hawaiin's to me look like they dont like to work much, the construction in the hotel and on the streets were only during the hrs of 8-3, at this rate they will never finish. The major draw back to the hotel is the staff, I have stayed at many of hotels and this staffing was not great at all. They had no spirit to them at all, so you never got the feeling of feeling very welcome. You get the since that you are just another revolving customer and not a potential returning customer. We had a late flight leaving home, so of course I needed a late checkout, I called a few days before to ask and I was rudely told not nicely that I need to call back the day I check out and the phone was abruptly hung up. ??? So I called the day I was to check out and they said they would have to see if my room was going to be taken by somebody else, and it was so they gave me a complimentary room for an hour before I left, which was a pain. Instead of doing what any other hotel would normally do, which would swithch those new arrivals to another room in order to accomodate the current customers, remembering you want them to return to your hotel, the hotel was not full and had plenty of room space top make this sort of switch. Parking was fine $9 a day and elevators were very quick, little waiting time for them. The hotel is in a great area of Waikiki, probably the best for the beach (the beach is actually Kuhio beach and not Waikiki), b/c you have a park right there for very open and less crowed beaches. Though the hotels location is not that great, keep in mind that the hotel is not beach front it is a good long block from the beach, and yes I did know this before I booked, though the pictures are very deceptive. If you are looking for a hotel with little to complain about, no roach palace and its location is in a great area, this place is for you, but keep in mind the things I said. Now for Oahu, the island is beautiful, dont get stuck and that tourist trap of Honolulu, rent a car discover the island and hang out at the different beaches, only to go back to Honolulu at night. Beware of crime in the city (Waikiki), especially Kuhio street (not the only street in which this takes place but the roughest I witnessed, it also happens on the boulevard that follows the beach) at night they come crawling out. We were followed one night, untli I just had to stop b/c glances to let the thug know that I knew what he was up to was no good wasnt good enough, so I had to stop my wife and I turned around and just gave him a look, that he needed to make a choice, well he seen I knew then and completely turned around went back wherever he came from, we witnessed this not only with ourselves but from watching other people in the distance. The thugs were sadly to say mostly white trash males and who walked around suspiciously with their hands behind their back (a sure sign). Also on a side street between Kuhio and the boulevard by the beach they had a few prostitutes hanging out at night. Though the hotel is located away from much of this, but this action is only a block from it. Would I go back to Oahu, yes. Would I stay again at the Radisson, more likely not.  
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel We just returned from Oahu last night and had a FABULOUS time! We stayed at the Radisson Prince Kuhio based on the reviews we read online. We paid less than the normal price of a room so we didn't expect anything fancy. The room had 2 double beds and a small bathroom which was fine with us. We were hardly in our room anyway because there were a lot of things to do on Oahu. We had a rental car for the whole time we were there (a week) and had no problem getting in and out of the hotel despite all the construction going on. We arrived at 6 am and called the hotel to see if we could check in early. They said it was fine so we got a little shut eye before we explored the island. We didn't mind that the pool was being renovated. Instead of going to another hotel to use their pool, we just walked a block and swam in the ocean instead. The staff were all helpful and friendly. I would recommend this to all my friends. If we go back to Oahu, we'd stay here again.....but we want to visit the other islands first.  
<Date>May 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice value in the Waikiki area. We stayed here for two nights immediately after our arrival in Apr 2004. We had booked for a Mountain View room and were given a room on the 12th floor. We found it to be a bit small. Also, the carpet area under the AC was wet and so we asked to be moved to another room as some of us in our family suffer from asthma. The mgmt was very prompt in giving us an adjoining room. There were no problems after that. The room and bathroom were nothing great overall but functional and comfortable. The lobby was under construction at the time when we arrived (April being a low season and a number of hotels take this time to renovate their premises for the busy season). One thing worth mentioning in this hotel is the breakfast buffet included with our reservation, which was excellent! Lots of variety and very sumptuous. We had booked to stay at the Waikiki Marriott for the remaining five days prior to our arrival itself. We found that to be a far better hotel with bigger rooms and closer to the beach (but more expensive).  
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zeuz
<Content>'Luxe Hotel, Ideal Locatin Returning from Hawaii late last night, I'm excited to share my experiences with this hotel with other travelers. This is a quality hotel with great staff waiting to serve your every need and do it in an Aloha way. The vast majority of rooms have fabulous, panoramic views of either Waikiki stretching from Diamond Head to Pearl Harbor or of mountains soaring into the clouds. I really enjoyed watching the rooftop shows from the neighboring Marriott and listening to the music from the nightly beachside hula show from our room. The rooms are large and tastefully decorated with a Hawaiian motif that is not tacky. Elevators are swift and the restaurant overlooking a tropical courtyard is excellent. (We especially enjoyed the weekend buffets allowing us to sample a wide variety of delacies.) While the pool is being renovated, guests have access to either of two luxury hotels across the street. Also, the renovation work in no way impacts guests other than the van from the airport having to use a secondary entrance. We noticed no noise and really no construction activity.The hotel's location is ideal as well. Being on the Diamond Head side of Waikiki allows direct access to the beach a block away as opposed to the limited access of mid-Waikiki hotels. The beach here is especially pretty being open and having a large grassy area as well as a sandy beach. At night, torches glow along the water front. We found this area much less crowded, overly commercial and tacky than those just blocks away. Other hotels nearby include the Hyatt, Marriott and Outrigger, all of which offer shopping of every type as well as additional restaurant choices. One additonal point. The city's public transit system is called The Bus...a no brainer...and touted as a great tourist convayance. (Frommers devotes nearly 3 pages to it). In the aftermath of a trasnsit strike, the prices have doubled but more important than the cost is the fact that it is a lousy way to get around. The Bus stops at every corner making trael very slow and often leaves passengers with a long walk to get to their destinations. I would avoid it at all costs planning either to stay within the confines of Waikiki, use the more expensive private Trolley or rent a car on an as needed basis keeping in mind that Honolulu traffic is among the worst I've seen anywhere in the world.But in retrospect at a great trip, the quality of the hotel and the overall characteristics of the room made a huge difference in our enjoyment of Hawaii.  
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alohavegas
<Content>Excellent hotel! We just got back from the Radisson Prince Kuhio and have to say that it was an excellent hotel! We chose the Radisson after reading several reviews on Trip Advisor and were very happy with our room.We had booked a super saver package through Expedia but were upgraded to mountain view at check in. We did not ask for the upgrade-it was given to us automatically. We ended up on the 25th floor with a beautiful view of Honolulu! Yes, the hotel is under renovation but that was never an issue! The staff is wonderful and even let us keep the room until 730pm the day that we left due to a late night flight. The hotel and our room was spotless! We would definitely stay here again!!Since there are so many places to eat in Honolulu we did not eat at the hotel, but, unlike one of the previous reviews would not recommend Cheeseburger in Paradise it is mediocre at best very overpriced, and has lousy service.But I can't imagine anyone not enjoying the Radisson. It is an excellent hotel!!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WINATIVE
<Content>Just Returned... They were remodeling the lobby and there was no pool (being remodeled). Not that this is VERY important. The rooms were clean and we were 1 block away from the beach. I would not stay in an ocean view room under the 10th floor...you won't see anything but hotels directly in front of the ocean.My wife had hair in her food at the brunch...which was not worth the $  
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KeithD61
<Content>Good and Getting Better! We just returned from a five night stay at the Radisson Waikiki (Prince Kuhio) - 4/8-13. I must say, I'm amazed at the attitude previous reviewers have had. Not one aspect of this hotel can be criticized for the price--it's a good 4-star experience and the price reflects it. For those who book on Expedia or other discount reservation engine--don't expect superior accommodations if you're paying pennies on the dollar. You don't deserve a view or a fabulous free breakfast when others are paying more for their room (we paid $150/night plus a $30 upgrade for an ocean-view room on the 35th floor). It was worth EVERY penny. Bed bugs reported by a previous reviewer must have traveled with them from home because the rooms here are impeccably clean. Being a beach hotel only means one thing--sand does get everywhere. None remained in our room after each cleaning. The continental breakfast included in our upgrade was sufficient, including fresh pineapple and mango and pastries. It was a nice start to each day of our trip. The hotel staff was very professional and helpful. As far as the total experience was concerned, the only drawback to this hotel (and it is a temporary inconvenience) is the renovation they are undergoing. As the previous reviewer states, the results will be beautiful. I was told they hope to have all renovations complete by July 1. The pool area was closed for renovation on the 12th. They were tearing out all of the pool tile and had already taken out all of the palm trees and shrubs. I can imagine that the new pool area will be spectacular when complete as the old pool area was nice as it was. In the meantime, the hotel has an agreement with another hotel across the street for guests to use their pool. But with Waikiki just steps away--who would waste his/her time sitting by a pool? Believe me when I say that I am very picky. The Radisson Waikiki is a nice hotel--and for the price is an excellent choice when visiting Honolulu. And don't miss Cheeseburger in Paradise--the food is outstanding!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Kuhio is a Keeper Recently returned from a week at the Radisson and though it was under renovation we had a great experience. We upgraded to the club level for $30 per night which more than covered breakfast etc. Rooms were clean and view was great. I agree it is not a 5 star hotel, but one would assume that with the name Radisson in front. Staff was great and super polite and helpful. Front desk got us reservations, bellmen got us directions, we were allowed a late check out. WE tend to only sleep and shower so this was great. The money saved was used to splurge on other recreational activities. Also, they are in the process of a huge overhaul and from the pictures we looked at, the Kuhio will rival many nearby hotels.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mstamigirl
<Content>Better than Expected We stayed here from 3/13-3/20 and it was actually better than I expected it to be. Overall the staff was friendly and helpful and the hotel was clean and nicely decorated. They are in the middle of something like a $5 million dollar renovation so I expect it to be even better when completed. The rooms are a decent size. Our rooms had 2 double beds, which anymore everyone prefers bigger beds so ask for a bigger one if available (we didn't but next time will), but my husband said of all the hotels we stayed at these beds were the most comfortable. Our bathroom had marble floors and if spraying hairspray, etc. be careful as this makes it a little slippery. We purchased on Hotwire.com and I recommend them for most hotel purchases as we have never been disappointed. Our maid service was great  the parking attendant was very courteous. If I would have any complaints I would say get a higher room than on the second floor - somewhat noisy but not unbearable. We were also on the same floor as some of the offices maybe due to the current renovations. We never ate any meals in the hotel just because we had other things planned so can't say anything about that. There is an ABC store across the street if you need anything and most tours either pick you up at this hotel or just around the corner across the street. If you want something more centrally located this is more towards the end and you will do some walking. There is a restaurant down the street that serves breakfast for $2.75 which includes 2 eggs, 2 strips bacon, and 2 huge pancakes - very excellent! I would also recommend purchasing an Entertainment coupon book and card. We saved a lot of money with buy one get one frees and discounts. Be sure to also get all the Hawaii discount books available on most streets and compare prices. The buffet restaurant down the street on the corner was very good (sorry the name of it has left my mind). Excellent activities - Germaine Luau, Polynesian Culture Center, parasailing, Don Ho Show, Blue Hawaii Show. We even rented mopeds and toured the Island ourselves. There is a store we did not know about until the day before we left called Deiei and if you take the city bus 13 it will drop you in front of a pawn show and you cross the street go down about a block or 2 and it is on the right. We were told it is the Hawaii version of Walmart - and their prices were better than the International Market on most anything we wanted - clothing, purses, etc. If you have a room with a refrigerator or want to have some snacks in your room, go here your first day and get all the food and souveneirs you want. As far as t-shirts go they are cheaper at the market- you can get 8 for $20 in the International Market. I highly recommend this hotel and Hawaii - we will be going back in 2 years. Enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SkierRobUMN
<Content>Good hotel for the money, Good location I stayed at the Radisson Prince Kuhio from March 16th - 23rd, 2004. This was my first time staying on Oahu and I didn't know what to expect so I read the reviews and this sounded like a fine hotel. I got a rate of $99 a night on Travelocity for a city view room. I got upgraded to a mountain view room upon checkin. This hotel is very clean and the renovations will be really nice when they are done. The beach is one long block away, not a bad walk (1-2 mins). ABC Convenience store right across the street has everything you could need. My only complaint about this hotel is the elevators were pretty slow. They have 5 main guest elevators (1 was out of service). During the week wait times were not too bad but on the weekends I waited upwards of 5-7 minutes for an elevator, which is suprising since the elevators are very high speed. The breakfast buffet is good if it is included in your room rate, but not worth the $15 they charge if it's not included in your room rate. The hotel is not in a shady part of waikiki, in fact I think it is a good location. Granted its not in as good a location as the Sheraton or Hyatt but still good location. I would definately stay here again if I could get a good rate but otherwise I would probably try to get a room at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider or the Hyatt Regency, they look really nice.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Have tons of bites from unclean sheets...IEW! We stayed at this hotel from 3/16/2004 - 3/23/2004 and the hotel was okay... nothing spectacular, but okay in terms of location, price, and room size. The hotel is a bit far from the heart of the restaurants and shopping spots. The thing that really got me upset (as I sit here and scratch my million bites) is the gross quality of maid service. Sure everything appears to be clean on the surface, but we found sand on our bed comforter after the maid service had already cleaned. By far the worst was waking up with tons of tiny little bites that itched like crazy every night I slept there...eventually turning into a rash. I showered twice a day and I know the bites came from unclean sheets and shabby maid service.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as great as everyone here saids it is!!! We just got back from our trip to Oahu. We stayed at the Radisson 2/27 and 2/28 before going over to Marriott Waikiki Resort. The only reason we stayed at the Raddison was because these nights were not available at the Marriott. ANYWAYS it was just okay. We were on the 17th floor and had an oceanview room. From the moment we chcked in we had problems. The contact on the sliding door to turn on and off the A/C was not working correctly. So we had to call them up a couple of times . The lobby is underconstruction and I did not feel the Hawaii spirit. The rooms were clean and the view was pretty. Ocean view was a block away...but i can see it. Again okay hotel...nice and clean...but not worth $150.00 -250.00 which rooms go for. Much nicer places for the money. I would only stay here again if I can get a REAL good deal!!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We highly recommend this hotel to everyone!!! Our first time vacation in Hawaii from Feb 16-23 '04 We stayed on the 34th flr of the Radisson Prince Kuhio with an amazing view and an access to a healthy breakfast at the Kuhio Club. Compliments of the Hotel Mgr. who arranged an unexpected accomodation for our childs needs prior to our arrival, more than we asked and paid for. We made the right decision of choosing the Radisson - impressive customer service,warm hospitality and a very friendly hotel. We have no complains during our stay, only praises to all the staff with their outstanding commitment to be the best! FYI: We stayed 1 day at the fancy Marriot coz of plane problem - the staff were unfriendly-Whats the point of paying for a fancy hotel price???Go experience the Radisson and check out the vacation deal through expedia. We are definitely coming back to the Radisson Kuhio Hotel in Waikiki next year!!!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location 7 nights on the 15th floor, and it could not have been more perfect. Yes as others have said, the lobby is under construction, but I never heard any construction noise during my stay. This hotel is under one minute walk to the beach. A convenience store is right across the street, seconds away for all your needs. My room had a breakfast voucher included, making me think that this was going to be like all the rest of the complimentary breakfasts I have seen before at other hotels. How wrong I was, the breakfast could only be described as awesome! A wide variety of food that changes daily, from pancakes and French toast to fish, rice, salads, oatmeal, breads, muffins, cereals, and lots more. The staff was great, I stopped by the front desk during my stay several times to pick up a package, mail postcards, ask directions, get change and I was always received a big smile and warm friendly conversations. I spend a lot of time in hotels, and usually the cleaning staffs are not the friendliest if you ever deal with them, not the case here. The lady who cleaned my room was the best! The parking garage folks are super friendly and always willing to give directions or give advice for what to do and see. Not in the hotel binder, that is in the room, but is an option, is to call room service and get pizza for very reasonable; don?t forget to try the cinnapie from the pizza menu. The room was nice. The bed, mattress and pillows were top quality. Two phones and high speed internet in each room is nice. The balcony with sliding glass door was perfect, including two patio chairs. The Fridge in the room was nice for keeping beverages cool. When you walk to the beach, you will find some of the best entertainment there is just to the left before you cross the street to the beach. Most any evening you will find a group of guys playing music, they refer to themselves as Ocean Breeze. Take a few minutes to stop and listen to them. I looked forward to this every night. They play awesome Hawaiian music, but can also do most anything on request. If I have the chance to go back to Hawaii again, I will stay at this hotel again, no questions asked.   
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>dingy loud, but OK Stayed for a week in February 2004, just got back. Bought a super saver room deal through Hotwire (won't do that again). This translates, The worst rooms we have that no one would rent at our usual rates OK OK, maybe I should have known... City view, 4th floor-traffic so loud it competed with the rug dryer that sounded like a hurricane was blowing just outside my door. There was a leak somewhere that they couldn't dry out in the daytime. Everyone in the hotel had breakfast included but me- and it was a beautiful fruity meal... almost worth the $15 bucks I paid. My housekeeper was a nice person, and VERY considerate- sad that she was stuck with the floor that housed all the frugal people. Not a block from Waikiki- really 2-3 blocks and at a shady end of near waikiki. My room was OK- the rug was worn thin, and stained, the bathroom tiny, with a clogged tub. The mattress was great (I'm a fool for a good bed). TV only had a handful of low end cable channels- and the local FOX channel, of course. I ate from the restaurant's menu, and my seared tuna was soggy and overcooked and one peice had the smell of too old fish. Good Pina Colada, though. The lobby has signs promicing a renovation, but the signs look old, so I'm not so sure the 2 million dollars hasn't been spent elsewhere. Signs in the lobby requiring footwear and cover ups made me feel like I was at a low end hotel or hostel. I left a day early. Aloha.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rvivian
<Content>Great hotel and location Just got back from Ohau (Feb12-20) and stayed at the prince kuhio. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The free breakfast is excellent!!! Make sure you use it as it would normally cost $15 per person. They change the food every day so it doesn't get boring. Hotel is in a perfect location. Everything was within walking distance. We stayed on the 32nd floor and the view was awesome! Parking in the hotel is $9 per day and $3 to use the in-room safe. Elevators were always available. Recommend driving the island to see everything. We had a car for the 9 days we were there and drove over 800 miles! Don't bother driving up the west side of the island as it dead ends and is dirty along the way. Try to stay off the H1 if possible as it is a traffic jam most of the day. If you are planning to go to the Arizona Memorial, get there between 7am-7:30. We got there at 7:20 and they open the doors at 7:30. We got the 8:45 tour getting there that early. It is very busy! The dole plantation is fun. Make sure you get the dole whip. Excellent! North shore is probably the best area to visit on the island. Great beaches and lots of sea turtles. There is a zoo and aquarium about 3 blocks from the hotel that are fun to go to. Make sure you get the Aloha diner's club card for $15 as there are numerous buy 1 get 1 free coupons.**********  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cynic
<Content>Good hotel, Great location I just got back from a stay at the Radisson Prince Kuhio (Feb 20 -Feb 23). I found the hotel to be nice and clean, though a little dated. The hotel is currently undergoing renovation. I got a great deal through Priceline for this hotel, so I was happy with the price, location, and overall experience. Unfortunately, due to being a priceline customer, I was given a third floor room with a view of the parking garage and experienced some traffic noise. I requested a higher room (I didn't care about the view but was worried about the noise especially since there was construction going on), but they said I couldn't have a better room since I was with Priceline. It was fine. The noise wasn't bad and the price was great, so what can I say. The room itself was small, but clean. It had a small wetbar area, a minifridge, and a balcony. The blackout curtains were a nice touch. The bathroom is extremely small, really one of the smallest hotel bathrooms I have ever seen. The staff was polite and professional. The location was great. The hotel is located on Kuhio which is the street behind the main drag, Kalakaua. It is one big block (which houses the Pacific Beach hotel) from the beach. It's within walking distance to pretty much everything. It was a short walk to the zoo, Kapiolani park, Kuhio Beach park (where they do the great Sunset on the Beach nights), the Tiki Grill (get the signature salmon yum!), the international marketplace, the statue of Duke Kahanamoku where they do the torch lighting and have free entertainment, Cheeseburger in Paradise, and a couple of different shopping centers. There is also a ABC store right across the street (of course that is probably true of all the hotels since there are probably two ABC's on every block) and a McDonalds a block away (just in case you want the Hawaiian fast food breakfast of Spam, portuguese sausage, rice and eggs. The hotel is on the quieter end of Waikiki but everything seemed walkable. I walked to the Hilton Hawaiian Village with no problem. The public bus stops right across the street which is really convenient. You can take the 58 up to Diamondhead or numerous buses to Ala Moana Mall where you can transfer to a bus to North Shore or Moana Falls or a lot of different places. I took the Circle Isle bus (52) to the Pipeline and it was well worth the trip even though it took 1.5 hours. That bus also stops at numerous other North Shore destinations, the Dole Plantation, PCC, and many other places. It goes around the whole island and it only costs two bucks. Do make sure you read the destination sign on the bus and not just the route number. They have a tendency to change the routes or shorten them with little notice and they won't give you a second transfer if you need to take another bus to get to the one you originally wanted to transfer to, plus it's super inconvenient. The trolley also stops right in front of the hotel which I didn't realize until right before I left. Check out those routes. Some of them seemed more convenient and definately more scenic than the city buses. All in all, it was a great time. I definately recommend this hotel if you can get a good price, although if the prices are comparable I would probably stay at the Pacific Beach Hotel right next door. It looked really nice. Oh, and do try to do a catamaran ride. The Outrigger offers a ride on a racing catamaran that carries about 50 people. I took a sunset cruise with an open bar and sat on the nets in the front. It was fun and a beautiful ride.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fabulous We three spent 10 days the first part of February in Wakiki. We stayed at the Raddison Prince Kuhio hotel. It was wonderful !!!!!!!!!! The staff was the best. After the first night, the three of us wanted to change our room from 2 beds, to one king and one rollaway, they did it with a smile. They were friendly, and bent over backwards to answer any questions or help us out. The rooms were spotless clean. We travel at least 15 times a year, and we could not be happier with the Prince Kuhio. It was only a 2 minute walk to the beach and on the quiet section of street, right across from the bus stop. We bought a bus month pass, and got on and off any time, it was so convenient !!!!!!!!!!!!!! The breakfast buffet was a little pricey, but out of this world. We would eat a late breakfast and skip on lunch. It was worth it. I spent days looking up anything I could find on this site concerning the Prince Kuhio, the only negative thing I read, was the remodeling of the front desk area, BIG DEAL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WE have reservations already later this year, go for it, it was PERFECT !!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid the Kuhio Club rooms I booked one of the ?Prince Kuhio Club? rooms (34th floor and above) with the ocean view against my travel agents recommendations. I read several positive reviews about the 'friendly staff that is always eager to help' and about the great location of this Radisson. In my experience only the housekeeping people here were very nice, friendly and helpful. The front desk people were polite but not very friendly or anything. The overall cleanliness was good (clean towels and sheets) and the king size bed in our room was nice and firm (the way we like it). However, the rooms in this hotel are too small, the lanai?s are an afterthought to the building and are very tiny and scary, the bathrooms too are minuscule and need serious renovation (even on the club levels). The marble in the bathroom is dull and old and the toilet bowl had some cracks and stains. The rugs in the front lobby of this hotel are so worn-out that it feels depressing. For those of you going to Waikiki for the first time, or for a special occasion like anniversary or honeymoon, avoid this place. There are many decent hotels right on the beach with better and more open views of the ocean. And if you have to stay at the Radisson Prince Kuhio do not ever pay extra for their club rooms (34 ? 37 floors). They are exactly like the regular rooms (same size and decor) but are overpriced due to a free continental breakfast that is served in a small lounge area on the 37th floor and is so pathetic in quality and service that I was shocked. Please do not confuse this ?free breakfast? for the more sumptuous one served at their ?Trellises restaurant?; the one in Trellises cost $$$. Also nearby are several wonderful restaurants that would serve a nice, hot- buffet breakfast for $ 4 - $ 8. Also at the Radisson we paid about $ 9 a day for parking (this was not waived despite our club-level status)! The pool area is o.k. and the dinner buffet at Trellises was fine but pricy for the quality and the service was mediocre. The Trellises staff that hangs out in the front area needs some serious training in ?hospitality?!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Among the worst places I've ever stayed... After reading the reviews here, I was hoping for similar experiences coming to this hotel but was incredibly disappointed in my experience here from top to bottom.I booked two rooms here for a travel companion and myself and wife and was only staying one night (got in late to HNL and headed to Maui the next day) and tried to make sure we would get a decent room so I called ahead a few days prior and was told by a snotty reservations clerk that since you booked on Priceline, you'll get what we've got.Got to the hotel late the night of check in after navigating through the maze which is their parking garage (better know how to park that rental car too, the parking spots are small) and asked the clerk for a king, non smoking of possible. Was greeted with an oh, this was booked on Priceline so that would be considered an upgrade. (?!?!?)She subsequently booked us on to the 4th floor facing Kuhio Ave (one of the busiest streets in Honolulu at all hours) and even with the patio door closed, all you could hear was traffic and street noise. As soon as we put the key into the room door, a cockroach scurried through the room and under the lockoff so I guess we interrupted his stay too. By this time it was midnight Hawaii time and I was too tired and jet lagged to go back and argue and since it was just for one night I sucked it up. I finally slept after an hour plus of listening to garbage trucks and cruisers on Kuhio driving back and forth.Although the price I paid was fair ($52), I would not stay in the hotel again based on the attitude of the help and the lack of cleanliness (our shower had not been cleaned from probably the previous two or three guest stays and the cockroach incident) and certainly would encourage you if given anywhere lower than the 8th floor facing Kuhio Ave. to get a higher floor room if you can or one facing the other direction if you want to sleep.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best value we found So glad we researched on-line reviews before deciding on a hotel and learned which to stay away from. We were very impressed that the Radisson was as good as the reviews. Had a clean oceanview room, elevators were always available and fast, beach towels great, car easy to park yourself in garage, good laundry facilities, friendly service from everyone. We enjoyed the 5th night free and free buffet breakfast that would rival the best we have ever seen (never needed lunch one day after eating there).  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good First Time in Hawaii Hotel First off, the things I wasn't crazy about: 1) There are no screens on the lanai (patio) doors. It would have been nice to have the island breeze blowing through the room, but in Hawaii, you never know what might crawl or fly into your room. 2) Room service ends at 10pm kinda early for a lively city, even if it is pretty expensive. That's really all I have in the way of negatives. My experience with the hotel was very positive, being my first time on the island. I was upgraded from a mountain view room to ocean view for free. I also had a view Diamond Head as well. The cleanliness was above average and the staff was very warm and eager to help, though now that I think about it, the only help you get with bags is from the curb to the front desk. The location of the property is great, within 15 minutes you can walk to the Public Market, any number of restaurants, shops, the zoo, Kapiolani Park (where there's free entertainment Sat and Sun evenings) and of course the beach is 3 min away. As for seeing other parts of the island, it took me about 45min to get from Waikiki to North Shore (basically furthest south, to furthest north) and about 45 min to get from Polynesian Cultural Center to Waikiki. It's less than a 20min drive to Pearl Harbor/Arizona Memorial, and the bus to the Memorial stops in front of the hotel. One tip if you're driving and heading west or trying to catch H1 (the main freeway), take the driveway directly behind the hotel when you're leaving, otherwise, you'll have to go through a series of one-way streets to get back. In the end, I paid $135@night for a very clean room with an ocean view, in Waikiki. For a 3-star property, I have no complaints and would stay here again without hesitation.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Staff The staff are the strength of this hotel - always curteous, helpful, and professional. We stayed on the 32nd floor with an ocean view which included the buffet breakfast. Great views, although if you had a room on a lower floor your view might be spoiled by a shorter hotel between the Raddison and Waikiki. The room was fine, not posh or elegant, but tastefully decorated clean and functional. Bathrooms are a bit small but no problems with the hot water or water pressure. A/C worked fine as well. Traffic noise was somewhat apparent at times but with the slider closed it was not obtrusive at all - definately quieter than most of the Waikiki hotels. It is away from the heart of Waikiki while still being a short walk away from everything.The breakfast buffet is quite excellent. This is no run-of the mill bacon and eggs deal. We had fresh fruit, polynesian sausage, eggs benedict, and more than I can list. You must try the guava-coconut syrup. Yes. it did get a little repetitive after the first four or five days, but the food was always good. We ate dinner at the Trellises once and the food was great, albeit a little pricey.As a general warning to those visiting Oahu: THEFT AND CRIME are Oahu's DIRTY LITTLE SECRET. We left our car to take a picture, locked in plain view at a beach park for less than five minutes only to have everything taken. Cash, credit cards, everything gone in just a minute or two. After talking with the police and others on the island this is becoming a MAJOR problem here. Obviously, advertising this is not good for business. Be warned.This hotel was so good in helping us out over the remaining five days of our vacation, I can't recommend them high enough. While I will likely not visit this island again, I would without reservation stay at the Raddison again. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as great as all the reviews seem to say, but entirely acceptable... We arrived through the back entrance of the Radisson on January 5, 2003. The entire front of the hotel was under construction and barricaded(quite the eyesore but the noise did not bother us one bit). First negative impression. Next, the lobby. Clean but as dated as dated could be, and the Hawaiian music we were expecting was replaced with the blaring TV at the hotel bar.The front desk staff was nice enough and we were escorted up to our room 2 hours before check in. Our oceanfront room was on the 31st floor and had wonderful views but did not have the king bed we reserved. All the hotel had left was a room with 2 doubles. Oh well.We checked out the pool area and it was adequate, but like the rest of the hotel really dated and slightly grubby. Not filthy just really in need of a facelift.The room itself was fine in size. Cleanliness was about average, however when we climbed into the bed on the first night, the sheets were COVERED WITH SAND. Frightening to think they don't change the sheets between the guests who stay at the hotel. We quickly moved to the other bed which was free of sand and the next morning laid out the sign to have the sheets changed on both beds. The shower water pressure was rotten and the toilet very hard to flush.The breakfast buffet was adequate if it is part of your package deal, but I would advise against paying the $15 per person if it is not included in your deal.The location of the hotel is quite convenient to things like Diamond Head, the Beach, shopping, restaurants, stores and public transport.In sum, for the price we paid we definitely got our money's worth. It's not a bad place and with a facelift, this could be a really lovely resort. However, the little touches that make a hotel great were missing. The staff was very nice and that's one thing that was definitely not missing.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a Great Tiime at this Hotel!! I stayed at the Radisson Waikiki Prince Kuhio this November 2003 over our Thanksgiving Break. I went on a school trip with the Jackson High School Marching Band and we had a blast. We were there for 5 days and I miss it so much. The hotel was really a nice place. I didnt know what our rates were but the hotel is worth the stay. The rooms are very clean and almost all of the balconys seem to have a good view. I was on the 6th floor and had a view of the gardens and the koi pond. It was really something to see. All the hotel staff was very friendly and the place was kept very neat. Because I was on a school trip I didn't get the chance to eat in Trellisses, the hotel's restauraunt but it seems like a very nice place. As we were leaving I noticed they were beginning to remodel or something but I would definately stay there again and recommend it to anybody thinking about travelling to Oahu, Hawaii!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very clean, excellent service  Thanks to TripAdvisor, I found this great hotel. Cleanliness is a top priority for me, and the Radisson delivers 4 star quality. The hotel staff are excellent - they all do their best to make you happy. The hotel's website and Expedia offers the cheapest deals. Radisson offers the best hotel at their price level. I really enjoyed my stay there. (Dec. 5-14, 2003)  
<Date>Dec 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love this hotel We stayed at this hotel 6 nights from 25 Nov - 02 Dec 2003. We were very pleased with the cleanliness, the attitude of the staff....especially the housekeeping staff! and the over all hospitality. We were upgraded free to an ocean view. Beautiful sunsets might i add. The room was on the small side but very comfortable. The bar and resturaunt are rather expensive but there are many resturaunts close by that are more resonable. I would reccomend this hotel to anyone, especially gay couples as we are. very gay friendly!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BCBigBoy
<Content>Very nice hotel Stayed 5 nights in oceanview room on 24th floor. Nice and clean room, bathroom was a bit small but OK. Sometimes in hotels even non-smoking rooms smell, but this hotel was clean, we really liked that there was no smell whatsoever in our room or in the hallway. The hotel is one block away from the beach but still close enough, it took us about 4 minutes of slow walk to get to the beach. View was nice from 24th floor, we once had dinner on the balkony and enjoyed the sunset, beautiful! Be careful when you leave the balcony door open, there are lots of birds with no fear for humans and they just like to walk into the room and look around. Our stay included the breakfast buffet and this was excellent, lots of food and lots of fruits. There is a pool on the roof of 10th floor, quite large area and not crowded, only problem the morning sun is blocked by the hotel building. Afternoons are OK if you prefer to suntan at the pool. I would definetely stay there again, few minutes walk from the beach is not a problem and the area is quieter than right at the beach.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2003
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the Stay My wife and I have spent 5 nights in October, (They really party on Halloween there!!), and enjoyed every day. The hotel is a few blocks removed from the noise and activity of Waikiki, so things are a little quieter. Our room was an oceanview standard with King bed on the 12th floor. Not much view as it's almost 2 blocks from beach. Quiet for the most part, the room was adequate but could use some minor remodeling. The restaurant was expensive so we ate locally at more moderately priced restaurants, of which there are many within easy walking distance. We would definately stay again. Moderate pricing and quiet location with parking, (Fee $9 to $12), yet still close to the Waikiki scene made it a good choice for us.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Stay and a Good Value After reading mostly positive reviews on this website, we booked one week at the Radisson Prince Kuhio in early November. Our travel agent upgraded us from mountain view to an ocean view room on the 31st floor for no charge.Our room was clean, comfortable and in good condition, with a nice ocean view. It was reasonably sized except for the small bathroom. Room service was consistently very good.Another perk was the daily breakfast buffet included with our package. We especially enjoyed fresh pineapple and papaya slices, along with standard hot breakfast fare and some Japanese items like white rice, mackeral and pickled sides.The balcony was an adventure. It was very small, protuding from the side of the building like an afterthought, open on three sides with a waist-high wrought iron rail. After the initial shock of looking 31 floors straight down, I got over it and enjoyed mornings out there watching life go by while doing a crossword or two. I held onto the pencil for dear life though, not wanting to surprise any pedestrians down below. The balcony was regularly visited by a variety of obviously well-fed birds.The lobby and pool areas were attractive but quiet. This is not a hotel to hang out in while watching the sunset, but there are so many good choices within walking distance, such as the ocean-front promenade, Tiki Bar  Grill at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel, or Banyan Court at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider. Our daily routine was to hang out along the beach until after sunset, then walk back to our quiet sanctuary a couple blocks away.I can recommend the Prince Kuhio as a good value for what you get, especially if you're looking for an upscale, quieter hotel that's still close to the beach.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was OK We booked Prince Kuhio through Expedia. We did not get the automatic upgrade like many others were talking about. They gave us a small room on the 5th floor. The room was clearn. The bathroom was very tiny. I liked the shower though. The room had a small lanai looking out the garden, but it was too windy to get outside anyway. We kept our curtains closed because the room can be seen from the condos across the street. On the 4th night, our sink got backed up. They sent the maintenance guy right away and fixed the problem. The parking was easy. All the staff we met were nice and friendly. Overall, the hotel was ok.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JstLv2Crz
<Content>Great Location, very nice and clean Hotel is in a nice location, close walking distance to Waikiki Beach. Rooms are clean, good views of the ocean from your balcony room. Lobby is nice as is the staff. Pool is roof top, with a bar. Would not hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelinGirl
<Content>Nice hotel...small, but clean  My sisters, newphews, neice and I stayed here for 2 nights (Oct 13-14, 2003). I secured our rooms thru Priceline at approx $100 per night....which I was quite excited abt. However, we were given lower floor (6th) rooms due to the pricing structure. We could have upgraded, but really didn't feel it was worth it since we didn't spend much time in the rooms except for sleeping, etc. Our rooms both had double beds and were joined together by double doors between the rooms (a plus since we're family traveling from far to see each other). The rooms were small and slightly cramped (especially with 3 large pieces of luggage in ea room, skate boards, backpacks, etc.), but they were very clean and well decorated. They were other people staying next to us, but the insulation was great because we never heard them.....just the traffic on the street below (but we kept the slider shut and the A/C on so the noise never truly bothered us). The location was superb, just a short block to Waikiki Beach and shopping (Macy's, Hermes, Tiffany's....you name it, it's there). ABC stores on every corner and McDonald's is close too (in case you have young ones clamoring for a BigMac). The hotel only charged us $10 per car per night for parking, with in and out priviledges included. Driving around Waikiki is a waste of time....best to walk and see the sights (of which there are plenty). The only drawbacks we experienced were the pool (super windy and noisy up there on the 10th floor, plus the pool bar leaves something to be desired) and the Beauty Shop (where do I begin?....no clean implements, cluttered and noisy atmosphere (TV blaring) and the chatty, nosy owner is not affilated with the hotel so no one to voice your complaint to). All in all....the hotel is nice, quiet, clean and well-suited to middle/upper-middle class clientele.....especially at $100 per night. Enjoy your vacation!!!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic! Stayed in the Kuhio Club rooms with ocean view. Breathtaking and for a great rate. Complimentary continental breakfast and early evening snacks were extremely generous and service all around was fantastic. Would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bethrad
<Content>Very pleasantly surprised I stayed here for a long weekend after a business meeting in Honolulu. I was very pleasantly surprised - I have to admit that my expectations weren't very high, as I have stayed in some marginal Radissons. The location was good, walking distance to good shopping and about a block to the beach. I stayed on the Kuhio Club level, which is definitely worth it. My room and (ocean) view were VERY nice. My room had a small fridge, a balcony with two chairs and a small table, a wet bar/coffee maker, and furnishings appeared new, contemporary/tropical. Everything was very clean, and the staff was very friendly and helpful. There is a cafe in the hotel for inexpensive sandwiches and snacks during the day, a discounted dinner option for people dining earlier (5-7pm I think), and then a grand buffet option that is reasonable by local standards.I was very pleased with this hotel, and the rates are great for the quality of it. If you're looking for a nice, reasonably-priced hotel - this is a good bet.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Prince Kuhio delivers! My husband and I and his parents stayed at the Prince Kuhio for four nights, Sept. 13-17, before heading to Kauai for an extended vacation. We discoverd the Prince Kuhio because a bid on Priceline anchored us there. We could not have been more pleased. Right away, upon checkin, we were upgraded to the 25th floor which gave both of our rooms a fabulous mountain/city view. As we were planning to sightsee the majority of every day, we found the room size to be perfectly sufficient for the few hours we were actually in it. We certainly appreciated how clean it was every day, how impressive the water pressure was, how comfortable the mattress was, and we even had a mini fridge and small wetbar area for morning coffee or evening mai tai's. The location was perfect for us as we enjoyed the five minute walk to Waikiki which seemed too good to be true. Across the street at another hotel we loved meals served while viewing their two-story saltwater fish tank. And, the breakfast buffet every morning at the Prince completely set the mood and sustained for fun days. The lobby was spacious and not overly furnished, although comfortable and attractive. We booked some tours with tour desks in the lobby, and could not have been more pleased with the service they provided. The pool is on the 10th floor, outdoors, and when we swam hardly anyone else was there, which surprised us for a hotel of this size. We would definitely stay at the Prince Kuhio again due to its impeccable quality and friendly staff, as well as for its convenient location. A surprising value in a very densely populated city. The Prince gave us the perfect start to a wonderful Hawaiian vacation.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mango_eater
<Content>Enjoyed my stay at the Radisson I just returned from four days at the Radisson. It was in an excellent location only a few blocks from the beach. This strip of beach was particularly nice in that there was a breaker near the shore so that the water was nice and calm. There was also changing facilities and bathrooms. The best time to go for me was in the early morning before all the crowds. The water was also calmer and more shallow in the morning. If you need some munchies or toiletries, the ABC stores are everywhere, almost two to a block. You can buy drinks, snacks, souvenirs, etc. And don't bring a beach blanket (like I did) because you can buy these cheap bamboo roll-out mats for about $1.20. Make sure you try the Dole Whip ice cream (non-dairy, more like a sorbet) in pineapple at the International Market. The Market also has a pretty good food court. There is another ice cream place there called Dave's which has the best coconut ice cream I have ever had (with real coconut). They have flavors you can only find in Hawaii, like toasted macadamia nut. If you like Spam, this is the Spam capital of the world. McDonalds serves Spam, rice and eggs for breakfast. At the ABC stores you can buy this stuff called musibi, which is a slice of Spam on top of sushi rice wrapped with a piece of seaweed...Well, back to the hotel, the concierge and the front desk people at the hotel were very helpful. If you have a late flight, you can have your luggage stored. My only complaint was that the bathroom was really small and sometimes you could smell smoke through the ventilation (even though I had a non-smoking room)...also every evening at about 6:30 pm there is a torch lighting ceremony at Kuhio Park right on the beach which lasts about one hour. They have difference performers each night---a musical group and hula dancers.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jchao
<Content>Great Hotel  The Prince Kuhio exceeded our expectations. It's located closer to Diamond Head in Waikiki (by the zoo) so there's much less foot traffic and hustle and bustle of other hotels that are in the middle  towards other end of Waikiki but close enough to walk to all that action. Every staff person we interacted with was helpful, friendly and courteous. Our mountain view room on floor 28 was clean and comfortable with a spacious lanai. It was an end unit so the lanai wrapped around affording us a city and partial ocean view. The Bus to Ala Moana, airport, etc. stops in front of the hotel, which is only 1.5 blocks to the beach, and the Kaimuki Trolley stops just a block away. For a great, inexpensive all-you-can-eat breakfast ($5.95), lunch ($6.95) or dinner ($7.95) buffet, Perry's Smorgy is just 2 blocks away on Kuhio, as are tons of other great restaurants and fast food choices.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value hotel We've just got back from Hawaii and we stayed at the Radisson Prince Kuhio.It's at the quieter end of Kuhion Street and we had the city view room(from which you can also see the ocean which was great).The rooms were clean and tidy and represented very good value for the price.We paid 500($750) for 1 week at the start of September 2003.The hotel is a 100 metre walk from the beach and also has many restaurants and shops nearby.This hotel is just behind the Pacific Beach hotel and the Marriott and they are twice the price!! It's well worth walking 100 metres to the beach to save this kind of money.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Find My husband and I spent two days at the Raddison Waikiki Prince Kuhio and loved it. We booked a package deal (for less than 200 a night) which included a rental car, breakfast and an ocean view room. We decided to eat dinner in the hotel the first night we arrived and that meal was fantastic, as was the breakfast bar and the room. We were booked on the 27th floor, but arrived early and they said if we would take a room on the 18th floor we could move our stuff in. I was afraid that room might not be as nice, (although I never saw the original room) we we really pleased with the one of the 18th floor. Parking was easy. Everyone was pleasant and more than helpful. We would definately stay there again. We were just a couple of blocks from the beach and the trolley stopped at our hotel ( which we rode for fun). Even though the buses were out of commission while we were there, anyone needed transportation around the beach or Honolulu could easily take the trolley. We loved our stay!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lad2005
<Content>Perfect Honeymoon at the Radisson! My new husband and I stayed at the Radisson Prince Kuhio for our Honeymoon from Aug 25th, 2003 to Aug 30th, 2003.We arrived very late at night but were still greated very pleasantly by the night manager. We were upgraded to an ocean front room on the 31st floor because of our honeymoon package.We were so impressed with the room. It was high up so we didn't hear any noise from the street level. We had amazing views of the ocean and Waikiki. Diamond Head was so close we felt like we could touch it!Everyday the room was cleaned very well and all the staff in the hotel were pleasant and friendly.The best part of our stay was the buffet breakfast that was included with our room rate. What a treat it was! Every morning we would make our way down to Trellisses and enjoyed an awesome buffet of eggs, hashbrowns, potatoes... fruits (now, every fruit you can think of... this was the best part) fresh juices... it was amazing. The staff in Trellisses was also super. We had a favourite waitress and my husband and I hope we will visit there again soon just to see her!This hotel is great. Its close to the beach. Its clean. The staff is great. I have no complaints at all.My husband and I came back from our honeymoon and are now planning to go back to the Radisson next year with a bunch of friends. We think its the perfect place to stay in Waikiki and will never stay anywhere else!enjoy your time there! Ladena T  
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One word to describe this hotel - FANTASTIC !! Just stayed at this hotel and was very impressed. When we checked in at 10am we were upgraded to an ocean view room - the view was fantastic. The front desk staff, along with all the other staff that we had dealings with were great. The rooms are almost like a 5 star hotel and the whole hotel was very clean. The hotel is not right on the beach, but only a short walk away and is very convient to everything. If I go back to Waikiki I will definitely stay at this hotel again and highly recommend it to everyone.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MamaAli
<Content>Great choice We've stayed here twice now and would definetely go back again. The breakfast buffet is one of the best we've ever had, lots of choices. The rooms are very clean and comfortable. One word of caution- DO NOT GET A MASSAGE there, it was worse than horrible.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recommend the Radisson Just returned from a 1-week stay. I enjoyed the hotel. My room was very clean and the maids were nice. In fact, all staff at this hotel were very polite. I made reservations at the travel desk for a luau and also asked questions, and the agent was very helpful. The walk to the beach is short. I did park in the garage and was able to easily park on the 8th floor, which was the floor we were on.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaureenJellybean
<Content>What luck! My daughter and I just returned from a week at the Prince Kuhio, and it was really a wonderful place to be. I think we got very lucky. In researching hotels on this website, I was just about ready to book this hotel specifically, but my cheap instincts sent me to priceline to try and find a deal. I was so happy when this was the hotel we got, because I could tell from reviews that it was one of the better spots to be in Waikiki. As our good fortune would have it, we got an ocean view room without upgrading, just above the tops of the swaying palm trees. Our room was clean and comfortable, the parking was easy..we could park right by the door to our floor, and walk just steps to our room. The day we checked out, our flight wasn't until late in the evening, and this is my favorite thing of all: they gave us a hospitality room for one hour later in the day so we could shower  change after a day of snorkeling at Hanauma Bay, so we didn't have to fly all the way home in sandy clothing. We walked through some of the bigger, more expensive hotels nearer the beach, but they seemed just so crowded and noisy. We scheduled a parasailing trip through the activity desk which was a blast too.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Radisson - A Terrific Value! Spent a week at the Radisson and was extremely impressed. Yes, you can spend more money on a room in Waikiki, but why? The Radisson is top notch, with very clean rooms, friendly staff, great location, and awesome ocean views! Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Radisson I just returned from my first trip to Hawaii, and I was very impressed with the hotel. It was convienently located near the beach and shopping. Only a three minute stroll and you were at the beach. The front desk was great, (it only took us about 5 minutes to check-in), and they were always smiling. We upgraded to an ocean view when we arrived, and it was definately worth the extra $$. The view was gorgeous. The cleaning staff was very good (our maid in particular), the elevator, halls and lobby were always spotless. The pool is located on the 10th floor, it was small since it was just a lap pool, however, it was always clean and the outside bar staff was very friendly. And the outside jacuzzi was always in use. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants an affordable place to stay in a great location. We plan on returning in the near future.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay! We stayed at the Radisson this past week and had a great stay! We got a great deal through hotwire.com and stayed in a city view room on the 7th floor. It was a bit noisy and we heard traffic from the street level. I think the next time we stay at this hotel, we would upgrade to an ocean view room. The room was extremely clean and the maid service was excellent. We had the same maid each day of stay and she was attentive to notice when we left each day and cleaned our room so that when we returned in the afternoon to rest, our room was already clean. The location of the hotel was a big plus -- one block away from the beach. We walked to the beach at least 2 times a day. I highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 Star Service! We stayed at this hotel the last week in June of 2003. We were pleasantly surprised with the value, location, and cleanliness of this hotel. We were on the 30th floor and had a mountain view room. We got sunrise, pleasant views of the residential area and canal from our room. The extremely helpful bell staff helped us book our attractions and we got the best value from them. The decor is rather dated, but the room was extremely clean. From this hotel you have a very short walk to Waikiki Beach, shops, and restaurants. The breakfast buffet left a bit to be desired and was very pricey. You could definately do better with breakfast elsewhere. We would definately stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a great stay!!!   showReview(1101611, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>denise52170
<Content>great hotel   showReview(1032637, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good location - wonderful view   showReview(1032205, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A first rate hotel   showReview(1030991, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel   showReview(1023106, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'd stay at the Radisson again!   showReview(995122, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent accommodation one line back from the beach   showReview(850658, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly service and GREAT food!   showReview(809743, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A Great Place to Stay   showReview(677983, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Radisson Waikiki a good bargain   showReview(661010, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JACK0805
<Content>?#x201d;       ?/a>  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Tora88
<Content>   showReview(22820854, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>pinky73
<Content>hotel impeccabile   showReview(19367712, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(19637115, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Court sjour mais exceptionnel   showReview(18523190, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fr einen Kurzaufenthalt nicht zu berbieten   showReview(16585266, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>100 % correct   showReview(16585267, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>on a ador !!   showReview(16585265, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SandrineYvelines
<Content>Htel rcemment rnov trs proche de la plage de Waikiki       Salon  l'tage  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19167992, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?...   showReview(21801776, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19156649, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19922949, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?..   showReview(19921496, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19921076, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

