<Author>vvheart
<Content>OK Room is clean but basic, staff helpful. No complimentary breakfast, internet not available in room. An okay choice if you need to catch a morning flight to culebra.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	4	4	2	

<Author>alw2005
<Content>OK place, but didn't clean my room the first day The hotel is in a good location because it is close to the bioluminescent bay and close to good beaches. It was kind of hard to find because their address did not come up on the GPS, and they did not have directions on their website.We stayed in room 214. It was fine, although the first day we noticed ants on the floor. We stayed three nights. On the first day we were gone all day and came back and our room had not been cleaned. Just after 4pm when we arrived back, a housekeeper came by and asked if we wanted the room cleaned. we had been hiking all day and just wanted to nap, so I sent her away, but it was pretty annoying that the room was not cleaned before 4pm when we returned. The room was cleaned on the 2nd day.They gym is great!We tried to get towels to use to pool but they were out, so we had to go spend $30 at Walgreens on beach towels. Neither the pool nor the front desk had clean towels for us to use. The Mexican restaurant on site was ok. The guidebooks say it's great and that locals come from nearby to eat there, but it was kind of bland and definitely not authentic Mexican. The margaritas were very sugary. We also attempted to try the seafood restaurant on site. We were seated around 8pm and wait for about 20 minutes for someone to take our order. In addition, our order was taken AFTER a couple that arrived AFTER us. We both wanted the sancocho, but they were out of that. My husband wanted one of their pork entrees, but they were also out of that. At that point we decided to leave. We did drive two minutes down the road to Rosa's Seafood, which was AWESOME. We had a great waitress and the food was great and we were taken care of right away. If you stay at Fajardo Inn, you should definitely venture our and go to Rosa's, and NOT eat at the onsite restaurants. There is also a chain restaurant in Fajardo called Pollo Tropical which is very good. Fajardo also has lots of grocery stores which we found to be helpful for cutting costs. We bought breakfast food and ate in our rooms instead of eating out and bought wine/alcohol there to further cut costs. The beach at Luquillo is a must. We spent the day and rented two lounge chairs and an umbrella for $20. There are seafood kiosks and drinks nearby and they are inexpensive. The parking was $3 and a bracelet to use the bathroom all day was $1 per person. We had an awesome day there.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	4	2	3	

<Author>BlueRidgeBadger
<Content>Affordable and Pleasant for a Brief Stay We spent one night at this hotel between a day trip to El Yunque and a flight to Vieques (we didn't realize when we booked the room that flights were about to move to Ceiba instead of leaving from Fajardo; no problem, though, since it's an easy 10-minute drive). We had no complaints--this more than met our needs for a lazy late afternoon after a long day and before an early morning--but I probably wouldn't plan an extended stay here.Our room was pleasant, and the balcony offered a nice view, but as other reviewers have noted, it's small (maybe 3'x5'?) with no furniture--the kind of place you can stand with one or at most two other people, check out the weather or enjoy the view for 3 or 4 minutes, and return inside. Our king-sized bed was like those in all the other Puerto Rican hotels we stayed at that weren't part of major chains--it wasn't uncomfortable, but it was too soft by most US standards, so while I slept well, I woke up with a stiff back. The room was cheerful, not huge but larger than I expected, with a nice bathroom and spacious shower with adequate water pressure. If you don't usually travel with shampoo, be forewarned that the toiletries included within our room were just soap, bodywash, and body lotion.The staff at the main office was very friendly and helpful. Check-in is at 4pm, but we arrived in town around 2pm and stopped by, hoping we'd be able to at least drop off our luggage before driving around town or heading to the beach. Not only did they allow us to drop off our luggage and do all the check-in except actually get the room key, but we were welcomed to use the facilities: two pools (a smallish one, frequented by adults; and a very large one with a large slide, water games, an area that looked like a 25m-or-close-to-it pool, suitable for laps, as well as what looked like a pool restaurant-bar, though it was unstaffed and unstocked when we were there); a minigolf course; tennis and basketball courts; a large gym with quite a bit of nautilus/weight/exercise equipment; a juice bar; a hair salon; and 2 restaurants (though neither were open in the middle of the day, I don't think). We could stop in and give our names even before we had a room number to give and pick up pool/beach towels, and the pools and gym were free; minigolf was $2/person; I'm not sure about the tennis and basketball. Overall, the room, the grounds and the facilities were much nicer than I had anticipated.We ate dinner and breakfast at Starfish. The dinner menu included several Caribbean options as well as some salmon and other non-local dishes; the breakfast menu was very American. Both meals were pretty good. There's also a Mexican restaurant at the hotel.Hotel negatives: our AC worked, but just barely. It wasn't so hot that we felt like calling maintenance, but if it had been just 5 degrees warmer, this would have been an annoyance. No breakfast included with stay, though the Starfish restaurant on site serves breakfast (eggs or pancakes or french toast plus coffee, juice, bacon or sausage, was about $9; there were cheaper options available). No internet access in the rooms; there's a business center with one computer and a sign instructing you to contact the front desk for internet access--we didn't bother, but I'm assuming it's not free or cheap.Location negatives: This place sort of has the feeling of an aspiring all-inclusive resort, except it most obviously doesn't include the beach. The view if you look out toward the ocean is nice, but if you look straight down at the neighborhood you've passed through on your way to the hotel that sits atop a little hill a few miles inland, there are some industrial buildings and working class neighborhoods and a not particularly picturesque commercial district. The beach is at least a 5-minute drive away, maybe a bit more (we didn't drive directly). Perhaps families with young children would find this resort largely adequate to entertain them for a short vacation, and it would definitely be more affordable than most resorts, but most visitors would probably want to leave and head out elsewhere--the beaches, parks, biobays, etc., which means you'd probably want to rent a car, and you'd need to make arrangements for biobay tours and do other stuff that would be taken care of for you at the larger resorts this place mimics. I'd recommend this place for people spending one or two nights in Fajardo before or after taking the ferry or flight to Vieques or Culebra or for others stopping briefly in the area. I think it would be an easy place to entertain young children, too. But if you're looking for a home base for a week at the beaches in the region, you'd probably prefer a hotel that's actually nearer the beach.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gatesnyc
<Content>Exceeded expectations My husband and I stayed for 4 nights. The hotel and grounds where very clean and attractive, they have many fruit trees and nicely landscaped grounds. We did not use the pools but relaxed by them one evening and it was great. I recommend this hotel to families with young kids as the pool seems like a great place for them, there were a couple of families using the pools. As we where a bit tired the first night we went to the more expensive restaurant in the hotel grounds, it was ok, but you can find better food for the same price or less outside (Pasion por el Fogon, Calizo, and a restaurant by the Bioluminescent Bay, etc)I also stayed in Passion Fruit bed and breakfast. Passion Fruit was great as well and the service and attention was better and more intimate than Fajardo Inn. Breakfast was very good and the place was very clean. Passion Fruit was a bit nosier in terms of people coming in/out of rooms and all the AC units running created a lot of noise. These are two distinct logging options so comparing them is a bit unfair and it depends if you like a Bed and Breakfast vs. Hotel/Resort accommodations. I will probably not go back to Passion Fruit, depends on the price, etc. I only saved a few dollars in Fajardo Inn vs Passion Fruit, so I think Fajardo Inn is a better bang for the buck.On Fajardo Inn - Negative - 1. We stayed in the 1st floor room and the window overlooks a large common terrace, so not much privacy unless you close the curtains.2. The AC drip caused noise on night #1, as it was hitting the exterior of our room AC. We complained and told them to put a towel out to absorb the noise and the problem was resolved.Positive - 1. Quiet and clean2. Attractive room and grounds, lot鈥檚 of trees and plants.3. Very good for the price we paid4. Super close to the Culebra/Vieques ferry 5. Many bakeries around, for good break fast.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>shelleybean1975
<Content>Not so great We only stayed for one night (thank goodness) before flying to Culebra the next morning. Looking forward to relaxing, I was extremely disappointed. They charge extra for a balcony. There is a solid door leading to a very small (3ft X 5ft maybe) area with NO furniture, not sure what the point is... Wanting to get in the jacuzzi to relax, again I was let down. It was as cold as the pool (they tell us upon check out that it is broken). Two good points I should make 1. dinner at the casual restaurant was very good 2. we had fun mini golfing after dinner (the operator turned the lights off PROMPTLY at 8:00 but since we started late he let us play free). So we retreat to our room for a quiet evening  sleep, WRONG AGAIN! The was a group of people outside (our room was overlooking the pool area) playing cards, drinking  being very loud until late into the night. The expressed our disappointment upon check out and were offered we're sorry. Next time we will fly to Culebra from San Juan  avoid such disasters.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>missingrr
<Content>Fajardo Inn - Sometimes overly eager wait staff Missing Rest and Relaxation only because there is so much to do in the area, the hotel is conveniently located. The hotel was pleasant and clean... and the price was excellent. The wait staff was hmmm... I'll try to explain. Single men are attended to VERY well by a long haired, usually pony tailed waitress/bartender who is above and beyond flirtatious with the men, this I did witness first hand over a period of a week. Single men traveling there will do quite well, no waiting for drinks as another reviewer had mentioned earlier, no rudeness to the men from the long haired waitress. The rest of the staff was very good. Food service was slow during breakfast but no fault of the wait staff.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Veivalina
<Content>Great pool The hotel is very big, is a complex, you even need a map! It has a pretty complete gym, mini golf, two restaurants at least on place, and a great big pool with bar. I don't give it 5 stars just because the rooms feel cold: very big, but with lack of decoration ( I like cozzy environments). The mexican restaurant was pretty good and not too expensive.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>rrzzll
<Content>Service oriented and pleasant staff Nancy B. at the Fajardo Inn worked wonders for us and made our trip a delight.In my opinion Fajardo is a must see destination when visiting Puerto Rico. The reserve at Los Cabezas de San Juan which includes the Fajardo Lighthouse has the most spectacular views in all the island. However, you must make reservations to join the tour and this is where the difficulty comes in. Their reservations # will bring you around in voicemail circles with no way out. Nancy personally made our reservations for us. She also arranged a last minute tour of the Nearby Bio Bay after calling around (no simple thing as these tours are limited and usually sold out on the weekends in high season).The Inn itself is a bit funky and oddly furnished, but very reasonable and clean.Thank you Nancy!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>keenanite
<Content>Great for the price My wife and I stayed here for one night prior to traveling to Culebra and Vieques off the east coast of Puerto Rico. We were there during the off season, so the hotel was very quiet, but we felt it was kept-up very nicely and has a lot of nice amenities for you as a traveler (nice pool area, restaurants, and a great-looking gym...though it costs $5 to use). The staff was very attentive and helpful and the rooms were very nice, roomy, and clean. Had no issues with the hotel and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>carlitosmvp
<Content>Excellent small hotel Great hotel for a great price. 1-Nice and big bedrooms.2-Excellent customer service.3-Very Clean and they pay attention to details.4-You will enjoy the two pools, mini golf, tennis court, gym and the 2 restaurants.5-Close enough to the Fajardo Port6-Just 5 minutes away from the Conquistador Hotel.7-great ocean views.If your looking for a great hotel at a accessible price, this is your place.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>quivondra
<Content>Decent hotel, great customer service, but don't expect luxury. Upon arriving in Fajardo, I was simply not impressed with the immediate surroundings. It seems this town is a launching pad to see the rainforest and to visit viecques or culebra. My first impression was that the customer service was impeccable. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. When I called for towels or pillows, I received them in a timely manner. The honeymoon suite was ok. We had some problems with the door key, but someone came by to fix this issue. The floors are tile and the bathroom is dark with a large tub. It's not hugely luxurious, but clean and sufficient. The kitchen area was a huge plus, since we didn't want to eat out in Fajardo (options were limited) and we certainly didn't want to rely on eating at the on-site restaurants 3x a day. The living area was also decent, however don't expect luxury linens.The grounds were kept up, but there is a lot of construction going on. Also, note that the pool area with mini-golf and tennis courts is open to the public. I did have a good time there for a few days, but as I was on my babymoon, it simply wasn't romantic enough. We checked out a day early when a full bus of local teenagers showed up at the open pool and they started blasting reggaeton. We went to the reception area and booked a room at el convento in old san juan and handed in our keys. All in all, this is a wonderful place in a not-so-amazing area IF you have kids with you. I really wouldn't recommend staying here for romance. After years of trips to mexico, the local beaches just don't compare. I'm sure the surrounding islands are great, but we stood in line for an hour in the morning to get on a ferry. A half hour before departure, they said the tickets had been all sold... and the line had never even moved. I'm a very DIY person and like to rent a car and travel around locally... but in this case, I regret not paying the extra cash to stay in San Juan or elsewhere and just taking proper tours to the islands for snorkeling.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	5	5	3	

<Author>Jeannie1717
<Content>Nice Place We stayed here for one night on our jaunt through Puerto Rico. The complex is very nice, but a bit hard to find. It is not on the beach and is a little drive to anything else. The rooms were clean, well appointed, but a very small TV for the size of the room. No problems with service or maintenance. The pool area was beautiful, but we weren't here long enough to enjoy it. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for relatively inexpensive, clean accommodations in Fajardo. We did take the East Wind bioluminesence tour in the evening that was 109.00 per person. It was well worth the money as it included a catamaran boat ride to Vieques (with rum drinks included), a van ride to dinner (included in price), at a very unique little restaurant, another bus ride (old school bus) to the middle of nowhere- a little scary for some! Then a pontoon boat ride to the bay where you can see and swim with the marvels of nature. Many folks in our group jumped right in and swam with the creatures that make this an ultra unique gift from nature. You can get more info on this at biobay.com Well worth the money. All in all the Fajardo Inn was fine for us. I am a stickler when it comes to cleanliness and this hotel met my demands.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	3	4	

<Author>pwny
<Content>Fajardo Inn is a good deal Hotel is a very good value. Huge room for our family of 5. Staff is very gracious and helpful. Will make reservations for local diving or kayaking companies and give directions to local attractions. Great hotel for a family.Pool is nice and very clean. Nice views of El Yunque.Hotel is a short drive to local beaches and El Yunque.Did not have a good experience at the Stafish restaurant at hotel. Service was very slow. The bar and Mexican Restaurant on site is fun. Food is good and kids enjoyed the pool tables.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>BoricuaGirlie
<Content>Nice, quiet hotel. We stayed at this hotel 7/19/08-7/26/08. It was quite a change from the Embassy Suites in San Juan. This hotel is so quiet and calm. No loud music and no kids running around. We stayed with our 3 small children and had no problems. Everyone was friendly. There are a few hidden charges, though. The miniature golf costs $4 and they charge $10 extra per day to use the pool if you have more than 4 people in the room. They don't tell you this up front. We weren't charged the $10 per day because I booked the room for just 2 people but I called later to tell them we had 3 small children (but officially we were booked as 2 adults only). Also, if you want to do laundry you have to get the change for the machines AND the laundry soap AT THE FRONT DESK! Ask for it all there.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Viajeros2008Caguas
<Content>Perfect Weekend!!!!!!! The hotel is perfect, considering the price. The staff are friendly, the pools and the restaurants are great!!!! We did not found any problem. We definetely recommend this hotel and we are going to stay here some other time!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pvcar
<Content>Nice Stay My wife and I enjoyed our stay at the Fajardo Inn this past memorial weekend. Its a economical alternative to El Conquistador 鈥?a resort. This hotel (do not confuse it with a inn) has a family friendly atmosphere and locals on vacation. We found the rooms were clean and well maintained. My only negative comment will concern the in house restaurant called The Star Fish. Be prepared to wait for food during the breakfast service since it appears that food would leave the kitchen slowly. The wait is very long. We also heard many other family's complain of the slow service. This happened on both days. An honorable mention should go to Lasaira who was very professional and pleasant while she served. She was hardworking despite the fact she handled a large portion of the restaurant. While the co server seemed concerned for only his small section by small I mean, 2 Tables. Yes two tables with 2 people each one. I know that those 4 people did not have any complaints about service. While, Lasaira had to take care of the other side of the restaurant with about 8 tables. Two of these tables had big family to serve. She literally was running back and forth, from the kitchen to the dinning area. If there were more staff like Lasaira the Starfish would have a better rating in service. The manger needs to enforce the idea of team work. Overall, we recommend the Fajardo Inn. This hotel would look more prestige if the staff had a uniform,simple polo shirt with the hotel logo and khaki pants especially at the front desk. Overall, it was a pleasant stay.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swansrus2
<Content>A Perfect Hotel We spent three nights wonderful at Fajardo Inn, a charming hill-top hotel that offers spectacular views and exceptional service. The hotel design and landscaping is top-notch and the entire staff is very professional and pleasant. They will provide maps and directions to anywhere you wish to go. Fajardo Inn offers two large heated pools, one of which features a waterfall, slide and jacuzzi, miniature golf, playground and tennis courts,as well as several terraces scattered throughout for lounging. The hotel also provides towels for use at the pools, laundry facilities and internet. The hotel lobby is rather grand and our room was very nicely decorated, offering refrigerator, coffee maker, hairdryer, cable TV and ocean view balcony. The hotel grounds and buildings were immaculate throughout. There are two dining rooms and the food and service in each is great. Fajardo Inn is perfectly located for a trip to Luquillo Beach, El Yunque and the islands of Culebra and Vieques. Spending a few night at Fajardo Inn is a wonderful vacation in itself and is definitely one of the nicest, friendliest and most enjoyable hotels in Puerto Rico. We wish we could have stayed longer.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bestgirlkk
<Content>Great Place! While we were only there one night, and did not use the pool, our room was lovely, and clean. The price was right!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelinfamily0f4
<Content>Great hotel with many nice surprises We really enjoyed our stay at Fajardo Inn. The room and bathroom were lovely and VERY spacious for our family of 4. While we were traveling people kept asking if we were staying at the Conquistador (which we had looked at, but was out of our price range). People had not even heard of the Fajardo Inn. We were worried, but unnecessarily so!! It was really a pleasant experience from start to finish. The pool was excellent. The shallow depth was perfect for our young children. The front desk staff was always very helpful in giving directions. We stayed in Culebra for 2 nights and the Fajardo Inn for 4. We took day trips to El Yunque and Old San Juan If we had it to do over again we would either stay at the Fajardo Inn the entire time (and day trip to Culebra) or spend our last night in Old San Juan to make the day trip and return to the airport slightly more convenient. Fajardo is really a nice location to do day trips from. Our only complaint was the overpriced food that was unimpressive. That really has more to do with Fajardo though, not the hotel. We did eat at the Blue Iguana - it was fine, but overpriced. The gym was really nice too - it does cost extra. The laundry facilities were a plus (they also cost extra) as we went through more clothes than planned - it was over 100degrees every day.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>skyblue1963
<Content>Great place for children The RoomThe rooms are very spacious and clean, loved the little balcony with a bit of ocean view and the large shower. Nice surprise to find a coffee maker and fridge...(originally thought that these were not included). However they really seem to have a problem with towels in this hotel, no wash cloths or hand towels, they did bring them when I called but had to ask for this 3 of the 5 days that we stayed... then It took quite a while each time and the last day they just never showed up so we had to make due....not something you would expect from a nice place like this. The PoolsVery beautiful well kept.... only problem was that there were tons of kids....looked to be like a school group or kids day camp for locals. We were really looking forward to the little pool bar but after seeing all the kids using the bar stools to jump in the pool we thought better. They did tell us that the kids group would be done by 5 pm but I really didn鈥檛 think I wanted swim after that many kids in the water. They also allow these children to run about the hotel using it like a play ground screaming and caring on like kids often do. This just wasn鈥檛 something I care for.The Restaurants We really enjoyed the Star Fish鈥ervice and food were both excellent鈥?really loved the mofongo鈥?they have some of the best that I have ever tried on the Island. The Blue Iguana was a very convenient place to stop for a drink if we could only have gotten served there. We were the only guests at the bar and still had to wait a long time for a drink or to even be noticed... ( a simple hello and we will be with you in a moment would have been nice, but nothing鈥?not even a look in our direction). We were just too tired to go anywhere else so we endured this often. I will say that one and only one of the bartenders was very pleasant. The other girl with the long pony tail very rude鈥e seen her and just turned around and walked out on our last night there鈥ust didn鈥檛 think we could hack her rudeness any longer.OverallI would recommend this hotel for families with kids鈥reat place for kids to run and play. Older people would not do well here a lot of walking up hills鈥uggage has to be carried up too, no elevators. Couples looking for a nice quiet get away鈥?I would recommend going some place else the pools have too many kids and practically any bar is better than the one here.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	3	3	2	

<Author>Gars129
<Content>Friendly hotel, Unfriendly Staff We are a local family of 3 and just returned from the Fajardo Inn and stayed there for 3 nights. We had a little trouble at check in and our reservation. We where going to have a double room and they claimed we were canceled. The hotel gave us a suite at the same price. The staff was not the friendliest. Rather than that, everything was okay. The hotel was very pretty and the rooms were comfortable and very clean, and have cable tv with movie channels, whic was nice. The pool was nice but had too much clorox when we came, and irritated our eyes. We ate outside the hotel. There is a bakery called Golden Sweet nearby. Do check out Metropol, a cuban and puertorrican restaurant located next to the cinemas, the food and service are great. You have to pay extra for mini golf and gym. There is a buisness center but you have to pay.There is free Wi-Fi so bring your laptop instead. We could return to the hotel though I personally don't like to go to the same hotel twice.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	3	5	2	2	3	

<Author>dianaprince4
<Content>Loved it !!! Was here for 2 nights on June 18 and 19. This was a family vacation ..... i had booked two rooms. The room my husband and i booked was the Honeymoon suite ........... awesome! Very clean......... had a small balcony. Our two older teen children had a room in the mainhotel......... also very, very clean and nice.Front desk staff very helpful with giving directions and asking questions. The pool is incredible ............. and i really liked that they didn't close early like some other places i've stayed.We ate one night at Starfish ........this is probably the only thing i did not like here ........ the food was very overpriced for the quality. The Blue Iguana however had delicious food at reasonable prices. Hotel is centrally located so you can go elsewhere to eat if you want .......... very short drive to Burger King and Sizzler. There is also a bakery right around the corner called Golden Sweet that had really good empanadas.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>caraheartstravel
<Content>Okay stay If I could give the hotel 3.5 stars, I would, but I'll err on the side of caution. I paid about $125/night after taxes for room 132, all the way in the back of the hotel on the first floor.Pros: Very professional and helpful staff (had maps printed for each desination that I inquired about) with a 24 hour desk, nice property, nice, clean pools, large enough grounds to not feel crowded even when the hotel is full. The hotel restaurant (Blue Iguana?) got some flack in previous reviews -- while I would not call it authentic, the prices were decent and the food always filling, not to mention the convenience of having a place to get some quick food right in the hotel. Good-sized room, well-kept property. Convenient to Seven Seas beach and highway 3 to get to El Yunque/any points south.Cons: I'm generally not a picky hotel customer, but for the price, there were several small problems that I might have ignored had the hotel been cheaper. Doors to the outside were left open at all hours of the day, and cleaning staff left the room doors open while cleaning -- this resulted in an army of mosquitos in the room each night, and fresh bites each morning. Bathroom had a slight smell, maybe mold. The door/lock was smaller than the frame, which led to a banging sound all night long as the door rattled with the breeze -- to accompany the knocking sound in the a/c. Two days into the trip our cards randomly did not work for the room, although the desk was quick to replace them. In an effort to tidy up the room, the housekeeping staff occasionally stuck things in random drawers/out of sight, which meant some hunting around to find things.All in all, as a bargain traveler, I might look for a cheaper hotel next time instead of paying for the nice facilities, which we rarely used (there's too much else to do!). If you're looking for a more relaxed vacation where you plan to spend a bulk of your time at the hotel, or for an extended business stay, this is probably a suitable place.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>TampaJay
<Content>Beware!! Nice looking hotel, the front desk staff were very nice, I did encounter a real problem with the Mexican restaurant/Bar downstairs, I had to wait 20 min to have someone get me a table..even though the place was empty...another 20 to get the waitress to get my order. (no exageration) Then to top it off the food was horrible, So when I said I want my money back, they got a rude, So I ask for the manager and explained the situation, she was not so pleasant herself. I am not really a picky person, but this was the worst restaurant service I have ever encoutered...Another tip...be careful if getting to this Hotel at night time if you miss the Blue Hotel sign to turn into the hotel you will end up in the Ghetto that it is right next to the Hotel..  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	5	1	-1	

<Author>bags_packed_again
<Content>Great hotel       Pool at Night (Kind of blurry)  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>notaholidayToronto
<Content>Excellent Value! When we arrived in the Fajardo area, we went past the small sign that said Inn. The Inn is in a great location once you realize it is on the hill. We only stayed the night, however, the check in service was great. The staff over extended themselves in order to ensure we were comfortable. They even checked my flight for me, to see if it was leaving on time. We were there on a Saturday, when we arrived we had the front desk book a tour for us at the bioluminous Bay. We went kayaking at night. Try to pre book; we got the last two spots. The area where you kayak has several little shack like restaurants. Lively music was playing every where. It was quite the experience to kayak through the canals into the bay. The trip was $40.00 approx. The restaurant at the Fajardo Inn was having a rough time Sunday morning, half their staff didn't show up. Needless to say I drank several cups of coffee and no breaky! We didnt' get a chance to get to the beach around there, however, we went for a quick dip in the pool. Amazing, they had a few different pools, one I had to myself to do laps. Their gym facilities had very updated equipment. Things to consider:-there is no elevator and it is very steep; not appropriate for seniors or disabled unless you get ground level-rooms were adequate; mattress too soft-clean-several families there; obviously a popular place for the locals to holiday as well. ***Rented from Charlie Car rental excellent value and great service.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelguy1125
<Content>Hard to find but well worth it The fajardo inn is perfect for those who are just looking for a decent priced room with amenities on the property. Finding the fajardo inn is not the easiest of tasks but once you do it is worth it. All the rooms seem to be very up to date. Internet access available as well as 2 restaurants that are reasonably prices. The bar scene on fri nights is great. Hotel staff was wonderful. Beats the prices of the other main hotel the El Conquistador. Also the pools are top notch however when i was there it seemed as though i was the only one there. maybe just the time of year i traveled.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>henrizepp
<Content>We Love Fajardo Inn A beautiful property, located conveniently to El Yunque rainforest and the ferry to Culebra and Vieques. Staff are exceedingly friendly, attentive, and helpful. Two onsite restaurants offer inexpensive delicious food in large portions. The two pools and grounds are lovely. Rooms are well appointed, many with a view of the Atlantic Ocean. We loved everything about this hotel.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LA_BOYs13
<Content>Fajardo Inn, Awesome Choice !!! My buddy and I stayed at the Fajardoo Inn for 2 nights during our week long stay in Puerto Rico. We travelled during the second week in April 2008. We didn't plan our trip in advanace, so finding the Fajardo Inn was absolute gem ! First, the rooms were extremely clean; sheets, towels, and bedding were changed every day. We shared a huge two bedroom suite and the balcony view was absolutely amazing. Beds were very comfortable, our room had satellite t.v, air conditioning, and full shower/bathroom. Second, the newly rennovated pool/bar was perfect for lounging and sun bathing. Good place to relax after a long day hiking in the El Yunque Rainforest. Third, we made good use of the gym and new fitness equipment. Also, Protein Smoothies/Drinks are available at the Juice Bar : Highly Recommended! Finally, the staff was amazing, everyone from maids to servers were very nice and very friendly. The staff was extremely helpful in showing us nearby tourist attractions. The prices are also fairly resonable about $130/night, I have paid more for a hotel with half of the amentities the Fajardo Inn has. I would highly recommend the Farjado Inn to anyone visiting Puerto Rico. Cheers !!!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>graceCP
<Content>Loved the Fajardo Inn! My husband and I,as well as 2 other couples,stayed at the Fajardo Inn in April of this year.I booked it (based on the traveller reviews on Tripadvisor)by calling the Inn directly..We were not misled.It was absolutely fabulous!We liked it so well that we extended our 2 day stay for 2 extra days!They were very accommodating in arranging the extra nights for all of us.They were constantly cleaning.It was spotless!The little antique wicker tables and vases in the corridors are just a few of the little details that show how they pay attention to detail.The pools are excellent,though one is located on the lower level of the grounds.The food in the restaurant and in the restaurant bar was affordable and the portions were good.Tasty too.The one complaint that we had was with the service at the bar:Even though there were maybe 15 people there,including our party of 6,we waited a half hour to be served and then another half hour to pay our tab.This happened on the two different nights that we were there.It was extremely frustrating to say the least.Other than that,no complaints.I highly recommend.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ladyk724
<Content>I am forever spoiled..... Fabulous Inn- exceeded expectations in every way. I am a former airline employee and have travelled extensively. The Fajardo Inn was honestly the cleanest place I have ever stayed- and I have stayed in far more expensive places. Linen was changed every day; floor in room washed every day; - new towels brought down after morning shower. Personnel always had time to answer questions, make suggestions, and always treated each guest like they were there just to insure a good vacation. The grounds are beautiful, well-maintained, and the pool area 5 star. Lots for kids and adults to do and yet very relaxing. Mexican restaurant on premises delicious and very reasonable. Service great- gentleman brought my food to the pool so I didn't have to miss even minutes of a beautiful day.  My only complaint? I was spoiled! Will I ever again stay in a hotel with these high standards at such a reasonable price? The bar has been raised and the Fajardo Inn will be a tough act to follow.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>motown47
<Content>LOVED the Fajardo Inn! I am shocked to read the previous review. If it is from a recent visit, (first weekend in April) I might have been there at the same time. Doesn't even seem like the same place!First of all, the staff was amazing. Everyone did everything possible to make this a great stay. From providing maps, directions, food tips, etc. I found each and every staff member to be top of the line. The manager...I think her name was MarieLynn or something like that-- was particularly kind to my family. I was with my elderly mother and sister and she came and sat and talked with us all about Fajardo and gave us some interesting details of life in Puerto Rico. Cleanliness: top notch. We had a triple room-three double beds-which is a first for us. The room was immaculate. The floor was stone tiles and and the housekeeper mopped the floors every day. The hallways were also mopped daily. I was particularly surprised one night to leave the room around 9 PM and a housekeeper was quietly polishing all of the furniture in the parlor. Sheets were changed daily which has not been the case in many hotels I have visited recently. Food: okay, the Starfish restaurant on the premises was not that great. My mother had fried shrimp which was entirely overcooked. BUT....when we told the waiter he not only brought her a new order, he did not charge for the wine my sister and I were enjoying. The Mexican restaurant on site was really good. And once again, I must disagree with a previous reviewer. We found the prices to be extremely reasonable. Large chicken nacho platter WITH two sodas came to about $7.00. I have paid double that for the platter alone. There are several small places on the road to the Inn which are quite good. The pools are beautiful. Very quiet. If you want the cabana guys and pina coladas delivered poolside, this is not the place. It's the place to read a book. We didn't even see Coco's park until the second day. What a place for kids! Miniature golf, basketball, and incredible pools. We swam and sunbathed in the quiet pool right outside our room. (use lots of sunscreen..that sun is pretty intense).Anyway, our visit to the Fajardo Inn was a huge success. Again, I must issue one caveat. If you want action, noise, music, etc. this is not the place. It is a place to relax in a beautiful environment. I would not hesistate to recommend this place!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kellyrVermont
<Content>worst hotel ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Our stay in this hotel was ruined when I went to get into bed and as I pulled the covers back I was hit with the stench of urine. A previous occupant had wet the bed and the cleaning staff ignored it completely. This was at 9pm and my 18mos old son was fast asleep and we were faced with moving rooms. This is only the beginning...the front desk clerk fou an hour to find us another room and had us move all of our stuuf across the parking lot to another section of the hotel. They refused to refund our money and offered us a free continental breakfast instead. The next morning I realized I had left a few of my sons things in our first room and asked the front desk to retrieve them. After waiting over an hour to hear from them I went to the front desk where I was told that the cleaning people had not found anything in our first room. I then asked if I could look myself which the woman agreed to. When walked into the room there was a pile of our things in the middle of the non-urine soaked mattress. THe woman did not apologize and when I asked her for the General Manager she only said that they were not here and she could not do anything for us. THis was the WORST hotel I have ever stayed at with absolutely NO customer service to speak of.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	3	

<Author>mcl9699
<Content>Just what we were looking for! I was a little hesitant after reading such varied reviews and also that the hotel wasn't on the beach, but we tried it anyway. We were very pleasantly rewarded!We found the hotel very easy to find - followed the directions on the hotel website and got there on the first try! It was a great drive from the San Juan airport - very scenic. Our check in went smoothly and we were in our room in no time. The room was beautiful - tile floors, a wooden sleigh bed, beautiful tv console... The balcony was a little small, but easy for two to stand outside and gaze at the ocean in the distance. We had the door open alot in the daytime to let fresh air in. There were screens in the windows, so we had them open all the time, too. We wanted to get as much warm air as possible, coming from winter in PA! The in room safe was big enough for my husband's laptop (and still had more room). The bedding was comfy, and there was a coffeemaker and a refrigerator, so we bought our own water bottles and drinks... The bathroom was fantastic. There was no mold or mildew and everything was very updated and modern. The soaps even smelled awesome! The tiled shower was HUGE - no bathtub, though. Housekeeping kept the room very clean. The pool was amazing - all tile and looked like it was recently remodeled. Never anyone there during our stay. There was a section for laps, a section with a basketball hoop, a slide, and the zero entry point. A GREAT pool for all ages - lots of shallow water yet lots for adults too. Didn't do the mini golf but it looked nice - $2 extra to try it. Pool was open 8am to 9pm, and a smaller pool was open from 9am to 10pm. This smaller pool was closer to the hotel rooms and was also very beautiful. lots of changing rooms - we checked out then hung out by the pool because of our later flight. Staff was extremely nice and accomodating. Requests for extra towels were taken care of immediately. Hotel grounds were beautiful and very clean and well taken care of. Playground looked nice and aviary was cool, too. The only bad was the restaurants. We only ate at the mexican one and it was nothing special... beef was very chewy...overpriced... Don't waste your time eating there... breakfast and lunch? go the the Golden Bakery right down the street - less than half a mile before the hotel - great food!!! and cheap! and for a beach - go to seven seas beach about 10 minutes drive from the hotel. we went there three times and were always the only ones there. The water was clear and calm - nicer than the other beaches we went to like Luquillo. Go to Culebra and rent a jeep for $130 for the day and beach hop there!!! We went to Zoni - nice, but Flamenco was gorgeous! This hotel was great because of it's location - we always stay on the beach previously so it was a gamble for me, but i loved being close to the ferry - we were late one morning and drove there and parked and got on the ferry in 5 minutes! We were there for 5 nights and it was quiet the whole time - we seldom saw any other guests! Only good food we found was the Kiosk - was it 2 or 12? in Luquillo - go through the dumpy front part and there's a great section on the beach in the back.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>brookej79
<Content>Clean, comfortable We stayed at this hotel 1 night and found it very comfortable and clean. It was the best place we stayed for the 5 days we were in Puerto Rico. The staff was very helpful and polite.It was a little difficult to find since it is in the little town and not on the beach, but there are a few hotel signs pointing to it's location.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DCChiq
<Content>Good for a short stay Duration of stay: one nightThis is the about the best you'll get for something in the $130/night range. I like that location was situated right in the middle of town. It never felt unsafe and it was easy to get around (via taxi). Staff service was good. They were quick to jump on whatever we needed. It did feel a little dead which I thought was strange for March but then again, we stayed Sunday to Monday and Sunday is typically a very slow night in Puerto Rico. THINGS WE LOVED:*Great location*Very spacious, never crowded*Rooms were spotless*Several pools*The inn had a really nice humble and sincere vibe to it*Prompt service by the staff. Example: We asked for a cab, they called him immediately, he knew most of the staff on site so we felt comfortable with him taking us wherever, he took us to the restaurant and then returned to pick us up and bring us back (and didn't charge us until the cab back home), and gave us a small tour of the town on the way back.*A lot to do on the grounds*State of the art gym with top quality equipment*Great place to order smoothies by the gym*Good quality samples in the bathroom (shampoo, conditioner, lotion)*Coffee maker in room; good coffee to go with it*Great views from the balconyTHINGS THAT COULD'VE BEEN BETTER:*The on site food restaurants. They were average at best. Venture out - much better in the area. NOTE: if you ask the staff, make sure you ask specifically for what you want in your dining experience. For example, we said we wanted great authentic quality food and we were sent to a restaurant in a sketchier part of town (Rosa's which was EXCELLENT) where you had to be buzzed in. Don't get me wrong - the food was great and we would go there again since we can adjust to anything and we didn't mind at all about the location, however, what we had in mind was more of a place for good scenery where we could lounge outdoors by the ocean, etc. *The pool bar was abandoned. What a waste of revenue opportunity! This place has so much potential. The pool bar was built in with a grill and NO ONE was working it. It was just abandoned and run down. How can the owner let something like that go to waste on a such gorgeous piece of land?! Alcohol  food are a huge source of revenue -and you'd think this would be OPEN and upkept. My first thought was, maybe their fridge or something is open - but then I thought, they should bring down a cooler and make some money or at least have a waiter/waitress from the bar nearby take drink/food orders. I couldn't understand how this was just let go and not cared for.Overall, it's a good bang for your dollar. I recommend this inn for a shorter stay.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ANOrtiz
<Content>Beyond expectation Hotel was great and cozy modern rooms beautiful gyn and pool facilities restaurants were nice. Took day trip to Culebra island and shrt ride to regional airport and ferry. I ve been to other island hotels and this one is #1 in my book. Service was beyond expectation. One negative had to pay seperately for gym and you will need a car to get about.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Meredy
<Content>Fun but no beach The rooms are very clean and the property has alot to offer. Put-Put golf, two pools -one standard and the other with a river, slide, basketball and jacuzzi, a playground, a large aviary, two restaurants and a very nice work-out room. To get to the beach, you have to drive about 5 minutes, which we did. We also went to the Conquistador resort nearby for lunch. Our room with a small balcony was $140 for two. It would be a good place to stay with kids for a day or two before catching the Fajardo ferry to Culebra or Vieques.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cyasukot
<Content>A Bit Sad . . . We stayed for two days while exploring El Yunke before going off to Vieques. The Hotel is serviceable, but it seems like it's seen better days. The restaurant fare is microwaved and dinner at the Starfish (the onsite restaurant) had terrible service and food and ambiance reminiscent of a airport lounge late at night. Everything you want comes at an extra price (exercise room, internet) and there are draconian rules in effect at the pool, whose swim up bar featured in their brochure no longer exists (the seats are still there, and a half torn down tiki hut sits sadly on the cement, but it is not functional and no staff are around the pool to help with any requests). There is no collection of brochures for local dining or attractions, so you're on your own. We got lost at night in a slightly alarming neighborhood foraging for food. We finally found the Metropol restaurant the next day and had a good meal there - wish this type of local dining had been available at the hotel. Front desk staff was helpful when asked, but seemed more oriented towards checking people in and out. Room was a bit musty and strangely, the shower has no ledge for your bathing products even though it was gargantuan in size.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	2	2	

<Author>MLSMan
<Content>I liked it - you might not The staff was nice, some reviews seemed critical of them ... but I found them very helpful. This was a very bad tourism year for all of PR so the hotel was almost empty. This meant that nobody was staffing the bar by the pool and a variety of other spots. It kind of hurt the experience.Pool was great.Minigolf was nice but cost $2 per person, was not included.The gym is AMAZING.Staff friendly. I liked the beds. I found two ants in my room, they didn't bother me, but if you're picky they might bug you.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IndyMary41
<Content>The Inn good, the setting bad... Pros: Beautiful, well maintained, scenic facilities, Friendly and helpful staff, Clean rooms.Cons: Location and surrounding streets and neighborhood, security questions, overcharged based on menu prices at restaurants, fees for use of the fitness facility. The Inn was a very nice place. I want to begin this review with the major issues we had, however. Our priorities were safety and ease of getting around since the Inn is tucked away from other tourist-type destinations. Please read on, though, to the positives of the Inn, if my stated concerns are not high on your personal priority list. I agree with previous reviews that state it is not in a good location. It sits near industrial sites and a run-down community. Traffic problems and poverty abound in the vicinity. Of course, this is not the inn's fault, but travelers should beware if these are the issues that concern them:  First-Although we experienced no direct threats to our security, the grounds of Fajardo Inn are not gated and we saw no evidence of on-site security....? Secondary entrance doors were left standing open during the day.  Second-Driving to and from the Inn was treacherous! Streets near the Inn were very rough, with large potholes and traffic was very congested at times. If you plan to drive around Fajardo and Puerto Rico at all, note that the driving of locals is very unpredictable and wreckless by U.S. standards. Rules at stop lights are disregarded (stopping seems to be more of a suggestion), drivers cut others off on the thoroughfares and at corners. They are impatient, regularly laying on the horn and waving their hands in the air at other drivers! On Sunday of our visit, there were many people riding horseback on the streets (during the day and in the dark), blocking traffic, darting across in front of automobiles (at one location, with the horses tied up, the people sat in the roadways in the dark. This made even the safest driving hazardous). At the major intersection nearest the Inn, a local was approaching the car and panhandling daily.  The Inn itself is not a bad place, however. The facility itself was beautiful, with breath-taking views. The rooms were very clean and supplied daily (complimentary coffee,soaps, shampoo, conditioner, and lotion). The staff was friendly and accommodating. The pools were clean and inviting.The food at the Blue Iguana was good, while the Star Fish was fair. Service in both restaurants was average.  *Beware, however, that we were consistently overcharged on meals, drinks, etc. When we pointed this out, the response was that the menu prices need updating. (This seemed to be a trend, as the same thing happened at the highly recommended Rosa's). We found that the local restaurants in general were overrated, lacking high quality service and/or pleasant fine dining atmosphere as ratings suggest. We came to believe that ratings were likely based on comparisions with other local establishments. We did not utilize the fitness facility, due to the fact there was an $5 fee for each session. On a final note, I read another reviewer's comment that plumbing was not functioning properly. We experienced that also.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>underwayatlast
<Content>Cordial receptionist, Clean rooms, Great Flora on Property I want to thank the people who work in the reception area for their cordial welcome and assistance. It was a pleasure to meet you. I had a problem at a condo, bed rock beds, so I came to this hotel to finally get some sleep, and all was fine. Thanks. Lunches were fantastic at their facility. Unfortunately, evening dinners were the opposite. My pene macaroni plate with shrimp was about room temperature when served after waiting over 40 minutes. I think the temperature at seating was 45F, maybe they might need to turn the AC up? The waitress was pleasant, the delay wasn't her fault. Breakfast: A buffett was on the menu, but their wasn't one. I picked french toast, and three egg whites on the side. All tasted great but I was charged $8 for the egg whites on top of $8 for the french toast. I like that profit margin! The next day we ate dinner at Rosa's seafood, located near the ferry dock area. The red snapper was something to photograph, I felt bad wanting to eat it until I took my first bite. It was a skelton in about 20 minutes, fantastic. I wanted to hire the cook and take him home. Sorry I got off the subject, but that's the place to eat if you like seafood. Back to ' the inn'.In summary: The pros: clean rooms, good beds, wonderful receptionists, great variety of flora. Great lunches . The cons: food service in the evening was poor.Waitresses were very nice and cordial.Breakfast: was great with a few surprises.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	5	5	2	

<Author>ElGringoViajero
<Content>Has much potential, but needs to work on details I stayed at the Fajardo Inn for the last two nights of a trip to Puerto Rico. The hotel is in the coastal city of Fajardo. The best way to summarize this hotel is that it is nice, but needs to work on some details. The directions I was given were not that great and it was hard to find. The hotel is just off Route 195. Once you get off of Route 3 at the 195 exit, Route 195 breaks up after a short distance and the signage is not great in terms of helping you find where it picks up again. The hotel does look quite attractive from the outside. The parking at the hotel is a bit of a challenge since the road is narrow and part of it is on gravel. The hotel staff members at the registration desk were pleasant and gave me an electronic card key for my room. The elevator was out of service so I carried my bags upstairs. I later noticed a sign saying that baggage assistance was available, but the sign had been partially blocked by a plant. I left the hotel the next day at 8am. When I returned at 4:30pm, my room had not been made up. Ten minutes later, I heard a knock at the door and the maid wanted to make up my room. I asked why she hadn't serviced the room earlier and she said she had 30 rooms to cover. I declined the service since I didn't want to leave my room again. By the way, there is no peep hole in the door which is a security risk. In terms of the room, the bed was quite comfortable and the furnishings were nice. The lamps in the room had 3-way switches but the bulbs were the newer energy-efficient bulbs that didn't work well with the 3-way switches. The bathroom had some oddities. There is no hair dryer. Ordinarily I wouldn't care, but hair dryers were an advertised feature. Also, there is strangely no place to put your soap or shampoo when you are in the shower. I kept looking for a soap dish but could not find one. There were two bath towels, but only one washcloth. In terms of the hotel features, I wanted to use the pool but for some reason it closes at 7pm. This is way too early for a pool to close. The room did have an electronic safe - a nice addition if you are using a laptop. I would be willing to stay there again. This hotel has so much potential if it could just work on some of the details.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>emperorprince
<Content>Great Choice To Stay Here From the moment I arrived at the Fajardo Inn, everyone was extremely welcoming and very nice and accomodating. The hotel was spotless and they had an adorable christmas tree and village setup in the main staircase. I loved it. My room was perfectly clean and the bed was amazingly comfortable. When I stepped out on to my balcony, I had a 180 degree view from the beautiful beach of Fajardo all the way around to El Yunque rainforest. The facilities of the hotel were great, as well. The pool was beautiful every single day and I watched so many families out playing miniature golf. I was able to continue my workouts in their great gym. The staff was always very courteous and polite and my room was spotless every single day. Out in the front waiting area, there were always people just hanging out and laughing with their coffee...just having a good time. The surroundings of the hotel were beautiful. Great landscaping and wild iguanas to lay with you by the pool! At night, the coquis virtually surround the hotel and you can hear them for miles! They almost sing you to sleep. The only thing was the construction going on in a small area in the parking lot, but that is unavoidable. I absolutely loved this place and if I am in Puerto Rico again will DEFINITELY choose the Fajardo Inn. Thank you so much for a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jennyluu
<Content>Absolutely Amazing!!! Highly Recommended.       Pool (night view)  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BroncoBill
<Content>Clean and Nice This hotel is quite nice. The rooms are large, and beds comfortable. They also have laundry facilities on site, which makes it very nice if you're changing hotels every day. The downside is that there are no elevators, however they do have a sign up that if you need help with your bags----ask. Getting morning coffee means walking downstairs and waiting in the restaurant. I tried the Mexican restaurant on site--The Blue Iguana, and found their food excellent, and very reasonably priced. (Under 10.00) The front desk staff was exceptional, and very helpful. I will go back, but will bring a coffeemaker.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	3	3	5	-1	3	

<Author>SteveBrenda
<Content>Just what we needed! My wife and I were both in need of a relaxing and stressless vacation this year. With her starting back to school and with my stressful job, we both needed a week off of doing nothing but relaxing and enjoying whatever we decided to do for the day. This was our second stay at the Fajardo Inn. We were very pleased with our room and with the service we received during our vacation. The food in both resturants was excellent and service was very prompt and attentive at both. We have come to love Puerto Rican cuisine and enjoyed what ever we tried. The large pool area is one of the best we have ever used at a hotel. The addition of the gym was a greast suprise this year. It was well furnished with modern weight machines(more than we could use) and spin cycles so we could keep up with our workouts. We find the Inn to be the perfect spot on the island for us to stay. It is far enough from the hustle of San Juan, but close enough to just about everything to make it a get destination. If you want a great place to stay in PR, I highly recommend the Fajardo Inn. Less Stress, More Life!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Tury
<Content>End of our Summer Vacation We stayed at this hotel at the end of our summer vacation. We really didnt know what to expect, since we read so many different reviews, but their prices were perfect for us. My family and I were very impressed with what we saw. The hotel has amazing facilities: two pool, mini golf, basketball, tennis. All of them were included. The only thing was that the swim up bar was closed. But no problem we went up and had a few drinks in one of their restaurants.Food was good and the service too. The rooms are very well kept, is like a tropical atmosphere all over the hotel.During our stay we saw roosters in the parking, some homing birds. And a lot of tropical fruits around the property. We try some of them and they were very tasty. Thank you for making our last days of our vacation a memorable one. See you soon...  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NA0
<Content>Enjoyed the Fajardo Inn After reading the reviews at TripAdvisor, I had second thoughts of my two night reservation at the inn.After arriving at the Fajardo Inn, I was delightfully surprised to find a very attractive inn, tastefully decorated with clean bedrooms and bathroom. Although there were no elevators, we did not mind walking up the beautiful staircase to our room on the second floor.The restaurant prices were average and the food was good.I would definitely stay at the inn again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bilawing
<Content>A hotel that can't figure out what it wants to be We spent one night at the Fajardo Inn. The stay was adequate but probably not ideal for us. It seems to pitch itself as an inexpensive all-inclusive resort, with putt-putt course, multiple swimming pools, etc; but while the amenities are very family friendly, the environment is more upscale, with no coffee maker in room, and on-site meal costs not inexpensive. Internet was a real pain, with wireless in the lobby, but with generally 30 minutes of struggling to get in!Parking was weird. The lobby is at the top of a hill, surrounded by no parking signs, meaning that a long walk was required just to check in; parking for upper-floor rooms is extremely inconvenient, with many steps.There is a major fudge factor regarding the ocean view. Mountains, yes, but the ocean is somewhat obscured by several blocks of buildings between the hotel and the ocean.Rooms were very attractive and well appointed.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>toonjie
<Content>Fajardo's Sin I was hoping the Fajardo Inn would be a wonderful, lesser known gem that would save big bucks over the Westin and El Conquistador- It did save money, but the savings wasn't worth it! I read a review here that stated the Fajardo Inn is a 2 star hotel with a 5 star pool and that is just about right, only the 5 star pool has some major defects. Let's start with the pool. First, the whole property is very hilly and I wouldn't recommend it for anyone handicapped or who can't walk up steep inclines. The main pool is at the bottom of the hill, so a good walk from most rooms. Most of the pool is only 2 feet deep so you have to walk around 50 feet into the pool before you can actually swim. The swim up bar was not in service while we were there except to feed the 75-100 screaming camp kids that were there using the pool. There was also extrememly loud music blaring the whole time we were there. We had a so-called honeymoon suite, which was a slightly bigger room with a bigger bath with a jaquzzi, only, (major sin), the jaquzzi only holds 1 person-come on, in a honeymoon suite!!!??? Rooms are recently remodeled, but the workmanship is lousy. You could pass an envelope between the seems of the window in our bathroom out to the stairway- no caulk, no wonder so many complain about ants, although we didn't have any. Service throughout was poor, especially for a small hotel and workers simply went through the motions and weren't very friendly. The landscaping is lovely and the property could be a very good one, but the aforementioned sins of a small inn make dropping the big bucks on the Westin the best option in this area for a relaxing luxury stay. The Fajardo Inn is also a good 20 minute drive to the rain forest. In summary these are the cardinal sins- the best feature, the pool has glaring design defects and they have sold out to summer camps to make money, totally ruining the atmosphere for guests, service is poor and unfriendly, which is the chief sin for a small inn in my book. Landscaping is nice but it is very hilly and not for people who can't walk well. Rooms are remoldeled with poor craftsmanship and decor is well, let's say 4 dogs playing poker class of art, etc. Inn is too far from Rain forest and best beach (Loquillo) and in a dumpy neighborhood. Oh, and as mentioned in many reviews, signage is horrific getting to the hotel. We all wished we had spent more money and gone to the Westin.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IamJen08
<Content>Let's just say... bring some benadryl and anti-itch cream       Pool  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>LaBoricuaCubana
<Content>Pleasant Stay We stayed for two nights at the Fajardo Inn and had a great time. The pools were excellent and we had a nice meal at the Star Fish restaurant. The staff was excellent and we didn't have any issues with them at all. As far as previous reviews mentioning the safety and quality of the neighborhood where the hotel is located...who cares?? You can not see the neighborhood from your room and you can't see it from the restaurant either. It isn't a slum either from what they make it seem. The reality is that there are poor neighborhoods everywhere and the hotel shouldn't be punished for investing in the area. If you want to live in a bubble and not be made aware of social issues then don't leave your home.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PuertoRicoCrazy
<Content>Great Hotel - Poor Managment - Terrible experience I am a local and have stayed at this hotel many times in the past years and up until 2007 this was a great hotel to stay in. I will start with the bad. During this year I have stayed at this hotel twice and both of the times I have had a very unpleasent experience due to the hotel Manager and new hotel policies.The first time I stayed there were no double rooms available so we book a single for me and my family. When we went to use the pool only 2 people were allowed to use the pool and the additoinal person my 3 year would have to pay 21 dollars per day in order to use the facilities (mini golf, pool, ect) or I would have to book an additonal room and spend the night away from my family. So if you arrive let say at 6:00PM and the pool closes at 8:00PM you still have to pay 21 dollars for the use of the pool... $21 dollars for 2 hours is quite expensive plus $21 for every additonal day. As a consumer these rules are ridiculous. When talking to the hotel Manager the first words out of her mouth were NO you may not use the pool unless you pay the aditional fee weather its 2 hours or the full day you still have to pay for the 3rd person. In my opinion no minor child should have to pay an additonal $21 fee to use the pool especially a daily fee - one of the reasons for choosing this hotel was becaus our son loves the pool. On our second stay we stayed from Sat thru Mon. Sat and Sunday we went out on our boat so we did no use the ameneties. On monday we planed to spend the afternoon at the pool. Check out was at 11:00AM... so we Had breakfest at there restaurant and check out and planed to use the pool for the remaining of the afternoon because well we promised our 3 year old that we would take him to the pool. When we went to pool again we were told we could use the pool not because of the $21 fee but becuase you are no longer alowed to use the pool or any of the hotel amenities once you have check out or before you have checked in. Again we talked with the hotel Manager (VERY RUDE and UNPROFESIONAL LADY)... Her very first words were NO - NO you may not use the pool if you have check out of the hotel. My son bursted in tears... so did my wife becuase she would have to brake her promise to my son . We asked the hotel manager if she would make an exception for that day since we had promised our son we would take him to the pool. She saw him in tears and said absoultly not check out is at 11:00 AM and the use of our amenities after that time are stickly prohibited. Bare in mind, if you stay for one night and you plan to use the pool and lets say you arrive and 4:00PM (Check in Time) you may use the pool and hotel amenities from 4:00PM to 8:00AM on the arrival day and from 8:00AM to 11:00Am on the following day. Dont plan to stay the full day because they will literally kick you out of the hotel / pool and any other amenities they offer.It was very disapointing experience for me and my familiy and i will never use this hotel again unless these new policies are revised. Also, the hotel manager needs some people skills. The word NO should be in there vocabulary. Instead they should always try to find a way to please the customer. It's a shame becuase the hotel is quite cozy and has an execellent pool but the hotel management and new policies and rules can make your stay a very regretfull experience.A MayorBayamon, PR  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>1	4	3	5	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>hecman
<Content>so-so Just stayed at the fajardo inn June 10-12. This hotel is clean and basic, not 5 star by any means.First the bad: Bathrooms are small and they never leave was any wash cloths. Hallways are hot  humid no air conditioning in halls and exit doors are left open. Only 1 ice machine which coincidentally never worked(had to go to restaurant if you wanted ice. Finally website says rooms have hair dryers, however found out that was only for suites.The Good:Nice pools for a small inn and they give you towels for the pool area. Employees were very polite and helpful so long as your polite( saw someone being very rude to the receptionist they don't react well to this behavior neither would I).They helped me book trips to bio-bay(recommend Capt.Suarez) and snorkeling trip to culebra via East Winds(great time well worth the money).They gave me directions to both trips and this place is a fraction of the cost of El Conquistador, stayed there a few years ago. Good place to go if your looking to save some money and see the island. Not a good place to stay if your looking to be catered to.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	5	2	

<Author>adventure36
<Content>good for the value I live here in puerto rico and i went to fajardo for my sons graduation.I would recomend this hotel to families and couplesi'll start with the bad: When we got to the room there were ants on the air condition (minor problem)we just ignored it and they went away after the 2nd day.Lets go to the good things:the maids and staff are very nice,the pool is perfect,its clean,big,and has a bar that even serves sodas for kids! The restaurants on the hotel are good but not alot of selection but not to worry there are plenty of places to dine.I went to wendys and walmart at a plaza near by!I hope this review helps you decide to come to this wonderful hotel  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	2	5	5	

<Author>SnCollins
<Content>Hated It!       Our Double Room  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>marysolc
<Content>Very nice but....       my grandson in the pool  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>2	5	5	4	5	5	2	3	

<Author>Lasher_mass
<Content>Very nice and extremely clean resort for the money PROS.... Hotel is extremely clean and it's grounds beaufifully landscaped with all variety of flowers and tropical plants. The room with a balcony is a most, great view of the ocean and the surroundings. The personnel was friendly and helpful. The bartenders at the Iguana Grill mexican restaurant are the best and the food was great and inexpensive. The big pool is an amazing work of art with the miniature gold and Tennis court.CONS....Directions to the hotel are horrible and very hard to find especially if you can't speak spanish and never been to PR. Way too many locals around the grounds of the hotel and the swimming pool which made me kind of nervous. The upstairs restaurant was always empty, very expensive for what they offer. They do not offer continental breakfast, you have to pay for it at the restaurant . we went there once and it was expensive for what they offered so we ended up at Mac donalds. That tells you something. I asked if there was a gym and they said yes. I went down the hill to work out one morning and it turned out that it was a paid gym. they forgot to mention that. They also forgot to mention that you have to pay for the miniature golf as well.OVERALL..... If you're looking for a nice relaxing vacation at an affordable hotel, this is the place to stay. I will definitely consider it next time I visit the island...  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	2	5	5	4	3	

<Author>marybpope
<Content>Good value for the area We stayed at the Fajardo Inn for 2 nights booking 1 room each for 2 couples.The other couple wanted to spend less so we opted for the Fajardo Inn which is not on the beach but 10 minutes or so away.For the price, it is really a great value.The El Conquistador is much nicer and more luxurious but much more expensive.Some of the other reviewers did not have some items in their rooms, but we did.We had a coffee maker,hair dryer,iron, soap,etc.Our room did have a king size bed with extra pillows.The view was not great, but it matched the price.The floors are all tile and the maids clean them daily but I found a mat outside the room would have kept alot of dirt from being tracked in.I was annoyed by it and did wear my socks in the room to keep the dirt off my feet.Our room was very large and the furnishings were nice.The bathroom  shower(no tub) were small and did lack robe hooks,etc.There was only 1 towel bar.There was a dispenser in the shower with shower gel  shampoo.The pools are both really nice and there is even putt putt($3.00 I think.)There is a waterslide  small lazy river type area.It is really great for kids.There were always plenty of chairs open.The hotel is not in a resort type place but after we were there a night we did not mind.Seven Seas beach is about 10 minutes away and Luquillo about 20 minutes.We looked at these beaches and thought they were very dirty and gross.Take the ferry to Culebra for the day for the best beaches in the Caribbean.Playa Flamenco  the others are the best.There are a stray cats  dogs around the hotel( and all of PRico.)I bought pet food at the grocery store in Fajardo and fed them daily while there.We did not eat at the hotel.We ate at the Golden Bagel for breakfast  lunch.We tried Rosa's seafood for dinner 1 night.It was good,not fabulous, but good.I would eat there again.The flan was very good.We also ate at Restaurant Pasion something on the road towards the marina,Seven Seas beach,  the El Conquistador.It is on the left as you go up a hill.It was fabulous.Excellent service.Great skirt steak with tamarind sauce.Great fresh fish and shrimp.Yummy desserts.We have been to Puerto Rico quite a few times and have stayed in Old San Juan,Rincon,Culebra,etc.This trip was not about the beach for us- we were visting friends in Cayey-so we did not have to stay in a beach front resort.If you can stay at a really nice beach front resort, then do it.If you need to watch your money,stay at the Fajardo Inn.It is really a very beautiful property-similar to a better Holiday or Hampton Inn.It is very close to alot of things.The area around the hotel looks run down, but it isn't really.The people around the area are all different types of people.It is not a slum.Puerto Rican houses are different than American houses- they have flat roofs because of hurricanes,etc  most do have ornate iron gates  fences so it is more difficult to see people in their yard,etc.I did enjoy my stay at the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>drmtwr
<Content>My family was happy The grounds were nice, the location is good. I can't believe that you can get the same price for the Conquistador, which is what the previous review stated. I did a lot of research, thanks tripadvisor!The room was not great: we reserved a room with 3 queen sized beds. After we got there we were told that all of these types of rooms do not have a view. I would have like to know that when I made the reservation, so I am giving the hotel a lower rating.The room was a bit dark and musty, but it was clearn and the beds were comfortable. We did not spend much time in the rooms anyway. They have a nice lobby with wifi. The kids loved the pools.We went to Rosa's seafood, the Golden Bagel, Pallo Tropicals, Metropols, Richs, and had some very nice meals. The surrounding area was not great, as reported from a previous review, but I don't think it was squalor. I was thinking that my family would also be turned off by the area, but they were not, and I am proud of them for that. Many areas are poor, but the people are all very friendly. I found the experience very genuine. Its not a resort where you are walled out from the undesirables; you are part of the crowd, not an outsider, and I liked that.When I made the reservations I specifically asked about a room with a view. They should have informed me then that the rooms with 3 beds do not have views. Besides this annoyance the hotel was pretty good.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Etoile983
<Content>Just OK This hotel is OK for the price. But, I would recommend staying at the El Conquistador, which is only a little bit more expensive (depending on the season). The staff isn't exactly helpful, and the location is only so-so. If you visit Fajardo, definitely invest in a trip to the Biobay. I recommend Capitan Suarez, who does a boat tour. If you kayak into the biobay, the kayaking takes up more of your trip than spending time in the biobay. If you go in via boat, you get to spend much more time swimming in the water, which is a very special and unique experience. Plus, Capitan Suarez talks about the area and the creatures that you encounter during the tour, things you might not notice on your own. Fajardo is fabulous, and is well worth the trip, no matter where you stay.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Cachalot
<Content>Extremely Disappointing We stayed at the Farjardo Inn for 5 nights beginning 4/15. First the O.K. stuff: The hotel had some plusses: landscaping, 2 nice pools, and if you鈥檙e lucky a good enough room with a good enough view. (I鈥檒l explain more later--but in the meantime don鈥檛 stay in Rm. #208.) Most of the staff were friendly, polite and responsive about requests. The food was O.K. in the Starfish Restaurant. As a whole we found the Puerto Rican people to be very nice.Now the unfortunate minuses. For the life of us we cannot understand why there has been no mention that this hotel, while very nice from the look of it despite it鈥檚 hilly terrain, hammering and sawing noises from a construction project on the property, inconsistencies with pool and restaurant hours, internet use and access problems, hotel amenities not available, a lack of knowledge about reputable and decent resources available to visit the sights, stray dogs and cats in the most pathetic condition about the premises--it has not been mentioned that the location of this hotel is among impoverished and dilapidated neighborhoods and from the looks of what serves as 鈥渉omes鈥?with jail bars or cages around them, some serious crime issues. Although we did not encounter any conflicts in the day during our travels, we guessed that it might have been a different issue at night. The towns are dirty with many boarded-up store fronts and many indigent people idling about the streets or in bars. The Kiosks are disgusting. We can鈥檛 believe why anyone would take a chance at these places. When we asked for a restaurant recommendation, we were told to try Rosa鈥檚 Seafood. As with most everywhere else we drove to, you had to drive through some of the worst poverty stricken neighborhoods we have ever seen. With this place, though, the restaurant was right in the slum with a stripped down car across the street as an added visual treat. How can you enjoy yourself and supposedly enjoy eating a good meal, when you see all the poverty surrounding you? People and animals living in the same squalid conditions just outside as you are stuffing yourself.Are the people at the hotel oblivious or does everyone just accept the terrible conditions of their neighbors? There seems to be no humane services for man or beast. Before entering a Carvel on Rt. 3, we had to be buzzed in. The same for a Radio Shak store. No doubt others. In the parking lots of strip malls, there often is a guard in an elevated tower. If you go to Seven Seas Beach, one side of the road is a beach and the other side a slum again. This is typical of the whole area. If you have to stay in this section of Puerto Rico for some reason, the Fajardo Inn will do, but we found it difficult to enjoy what beauty there is when you have seen the poverty that is between you and some of the beautiful views.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	4	5	4	1	

<Author>mehiphop
<Content>Nice for the money       Culebra  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>JOY53
<Content>Monrovia, CA - Relaxing at the Farjardo Inn We stayed at the Fajardo Inn for 2 nights. The staff was helpful and friendly. They were able to give us information about restraunts, trip to Culebra, etc. The hotel had no elevations which made it hard for one member of our party with breathing/walking problems. It would have been helpful if the staff had shared that there were no elevators when the reservations were made so that one could make an informed decision about staying at the inn. We would probably have still stayed at the inn, but we would have been more prepared. The hotel as well as the room was clean. The room was a good size with 2 double beds, and a fridge. There is an ATM machine located right outside the lobby.Two members of our group spent the day in Culebra while the other 2 members relaxed at the hotel and went exploring the city of Fajardo. This Inn met both of our needs, spending the day at the beach, spending the day by the pool.We had breakfast in the hotel and it was quite reasonable and good. The service was also good.I would recommend the Fajardo Inn to others and will go back there on my next visit to Fajardo.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sonnyjr
<Content>Not a good expierence We stayed at 4 different hotels on our visit to Puerto Rico and were sadly disappointed with the Fajardo Inn. There were no elevators in the resort and we had to lug baggage for 4 people up to the second floor. When we got to our room, there was a foul odor which filled the room for our 1 night stay. The ceilings in the room were acoustical tile ceilings which never allowed the room to cool down enough to remove the odor or the dampness which filled the room. The shower was dirty and there was no counter room in the bathroom to set any of our toiletries.The Hotel offered no ammenities at all. No inn room coffee makers, no coffee in the lobby in the AM etc.. the ice maker was broke, the business center that had access to internet was also out of working order. Which by the way is not free. It cost $ 5.35 to use the computer for 1/2 hr - when it is in service. The restaurant charged 9.00 for scrambled eggs, hardly a bargin for such a lowly rated resort. The room furnishings were okay, however they had a large resort vanity, but when we opened it there was a small 19 TV inside it. We all thought this was quite odd looking. But at least they had a TV. The bedding, although damp, appeared clean. The comforter on one of the beds had what appeared to be a large burn hole in it, but they still used it.On a positive note, the pools were beautiful. However you had to climb a number of steep hills when you walked the grounds. I would not recommend the resort to older clients. We love the Island and will return next year, but will not be back to the Fajardo Inn.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	2	1	

<Author>tonymMinneapolis
<Content>Good Hotel and Grounds My family stayed at the Fajardo Inn from April 2 to 6, 2007. We had an excellent time exploring the surrounding area, and the Fajardo Inn was a nice place to stay in the area. It is economical and although it is not on the ocean, it has excellent clean swimming pools for the kids. We enjoyed a short drive to nearby beaches, Luquillo and Playa Azul in particular. The Fajardo Inn was clean, spacious and the staff was helpful. The 2 restaurants on site were nothing to brag about, but they were ok and provided a convenient meal when needed. The food was acceptable. If you are looking for the all-inclusive, on the ocean style resort, the Fajardo is not for you. But, if you want to save a lot of money and still stay at a nice, clean place that is conveniently located and that offers good swimming pools for the kids, I would recommend the Fajardo Inn. We would definitely go back, if we return to Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>tkfelts
<Content>Review of the Fajardo Inn       View of the pool  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chickiewv
<Content>Lots of Basics Missing at Fajardo Inn My best friend and I, both seasoned travelers, stayed at the Fajardo Inn for three nights on our first trip to Puerto Rico last week. We knew it was not on the beach, so that wasn't a disappointment. The rates were good, and it seemed to be a good base of operations for us. The first impression was positive: The front desk staff was quite friendly, and our room was clean, quiet, spacious and comfortable, with nice heavy wood furniture. But it's a pain to lug heavy bags up the staircase; there is no elevator. And after a few hours, you start to notice that a lot of very basic things are missing.  The bathrooms, for example, have no towel hooks or racks to hang wet towels, and there is only one tiny shelf on which to place toiletries. We also asked the front desk for a hair dryer but were told they are all out. Nor was there any sort of clock in our room. Another strange thing: We asked housekeeping for extra towels and washcloths, since we were two active women with many outings a day. We got the towels, but for the duration of our stay, the staff would only provide one single washcloth. I was forced to try to wash with a hand towel. That was ridiculous. To my mind, any decent property manager would spend the $30 or $40 per room to add these items, all of which should be considered even for a two-star property. If I were a manager and someone needed a hair dryer, I'd send them down to the nearest Walgreen's (a few minutes away) to buy one for $10. Failing to supply washcloths, clocks and the like is just lazy. (Speaking of Walgreen's ... this is THE place to go for cheap beach towels, bamboo beach mats, souvenir T-shirts and a good selection of post cards.) I agree with another reviewer who found the property oddly vacant. There seemed to be very few employees working, except for the overworked few at the front desk. The pool bar was never staffed, and the restaurants opened very late in the day. We didn't eat at either, partly for that reason. Also strangely empty were the ice machines and all of the vending machines. There was no bottled water, soda or snacks anywhere in sight. Again, these seems fairly basic. Why have machines if you aren't going to fill them? And ice?!? Come on. We weren't asking for a lot -- just the basics. We had a lot of questions for the front desk, such as directions to restaurants and how to arrange tours of the bioluminescent bay, and everyone who helped us there was knowledgeable and super-friendly. This staff is one of the best things about the hotel. But we found ourselves wondering why they didn't write up little sheets on the most common questions or post the information on their Web site. It would be a nice service for travelers and take some of the load off the overburdened desk staff. A few recommendations about the area:  _The bioluminescent bay, accessible by tours that depart from Las Croabas, 15 mins from Fajardo, is a MUST-DO. Seeing the phytoplankton glow in the dark is absolutely amazing. But be warned: DO NOT ATTEMPT THIS UNLESS YOU ARE AN EXPERIENCED KAYAKER. Fighting the incoming tide and maneuvering in pitch-black darkness through a narrow channel lined with mangrove roots is very scary and challenging. It's not a tour for small children, first-time paddlers or those who frighten easily. However, there are only five places in the world you can see this rare spectacle, and it's worth the $45 to try. _The Caribbean National Forest at El Yunque is also a must-do. We hiked the moderately challenging Big Tree Trail for about 40 minutes to reach La Mina waterfall and had a wonderful afternoon. The falls were crowded, but the water was lovely and worth the walk. The hike back was easier, with less climbing. _The Golden Bagel, just down the hill and maybe a half-mile from the hotel lobby, is the best deal in town for breakfast. Killer bagels, French toast and coffee for rock-bottom prices.  _If you are thinking of taking the ferry to Vieques or Culebra, BUY YOUR TICKETS IN ADVANCE. We didn't know this was an option or we would have done it. We planned to go to Culebra and arrived at the ferry terminal more than 90 minutes before the departure time to buy tickets. We stood in a line that never moved for more than an hour. Seriously. The same guy stood at the front of the line the entire time and never got sold a ticket. As it became apparent there was a problem, I went to the front of the line and discovered that the ferry was boarding all the people who had bought tickets in advance first. Then, if there was room, they would sell more tickets. We decided to jump out of line and buy tickets to Vieques instead, where we spent a nice quiet afternoon on the beach. You might also consider taking a 10-minute flight to either of these islands, which we were told will cost about $100 apiece but spare you the 60- or 90-minute ferry ride and the long waits to get aboard. Finally, if you go to Old San Juan, we strongly recommend you try Aguaviva Restaurant, where the food is to-die-for fresh. We loved the mahi and mango ceviche, the medium-rare tuna steak and the halibut. Do not miss the watermelon sangria. It's one of the best drinks we've ever had. HAPPY TRAVELING!!!!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>philvirta
<Content>Good for a few days My wife and I stayed at the Fajardo Inn March 20-22. We rented a car and drove ourselves using the hotel's instructions. It was a little hard to find, but not too bad. At the final turn up the hill to the hotel, there was just a blue sign stating Inn, not Fajardo Inn (at least not that we saw), so watch out for that.The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. We had booked the 3 day, 2 night Sunset Package (or it could have been Sundown), that included a welcome drink, breakfast both mornings, dinner at Starfish Restaurant and dinner at the Blue Iguana Restaurant (both at the hotel). I would note that the restaurant vouchers both stated they were not good for steak, seafood, alcoholic drinks or the gratuity. The steak and seafood clause was not so much of a problem at the Blue Iguana Restaurant, where they had a variety of choices. But at the Starfish Restaurant, the steak and seafood clause really limited our choices.Our room was not ready when we arrived (mid-afternoon around 3 p.m.), even though the desk staff had told us it was. It wasn't much of a problem as the housekeeping staff was close to the room and had things whipped into shape in about 10 minutes. There is no elevator at the hotel (at least none that we found), so be prepared to carry your baggage up some stairs if you're staying in a 2nd floor room. I believe the staff would be more than willing to help you out if you needed it.The room we stayed in (2nd floor, main building) was clean and the bed was large and comfortable. The air conditioning worked fine, although we left it off at night and slept comfortably with the windows open. We had a small balcony from which we could see the ocean and some of the nearby islands. It also overlooked the parking lot, but this was not a problem. It was pleasant to sit out on the balcony at night on the two chairs provided in the room and enjoy the breeze. Our room also had a table, a large armoire, a small television with cable, a programmable safe, an iron and ironing board, a refrigerator and a very large mirror. The bathroom was clean and basic with a large tiled shower and a little shelf for toiletries. Housekeeping kept everything ship shape throughout our stay.We didn鈥檛 try the little pool on the property, but did go down to Coco鈥檚 Park, a big, family-oriented facility that鈥檚 just a short walk down a hill on the property. The swim-up bar was not in operation during our time there, nor was the whirlpool. There is a very large pool sufficient for swimming laps, should one desire, and a very large shallow pool (about 1 陆 to 3 feet deep) that would be great for kids. There is a decent waterslide and a nice little waterfall that kids should also enjoy. Coco鈥檚 Park also has a miniature golf course. Had we brought the kids, my 4-year old son probably would have loved the place and spent all his time in the pool or playing miniature golf. Towels for the pool were available in a little shack above Coco鈥檚 Park or from the front desk. Don鈥檛 lose them, as they will charge you about $20 to replace them.There is a gym on the property (Jaggery Gym I believe it鈥檚 called) that I checked out but didn鈥檛 use. At the time we stayed at the Fajardo Inn, guests would have to pay $5.25 to use the gym. The gym was well equipped with cardio machines, exercise machines and free weights. There was a fitness instructor on duty as well. Be aware that they do require you to wear tennis shoes if you want to use the gym (no sandals or flip-flops).The Starfish Restaurant at the hotel served good food. Even though we were on a meal plan, I will note the prices were a bit high. The service was a bit slow; expect to invest a couple hours to sit down and eat. I鈥檒l mention again that if you got a package deal with meal vouchers, you鈥檙e very limited in what you can eat at Starfish Restaurant; no steaks or seafood, which means you can have chicken or pork. My wife had chicken cordon bleu, which was very tasty and I tried chicken with onions saut茅ed in a rum cream sauce, also very tasty. We shared a large platter of Puerto Rican appetizers, all fried so not good for the diet-conscious, but delicious and fun to try something local. We had pi帽a coladas there which were good, but a bit on the weak side. Dessert was also good. I would pass up the starfish sundae and go right for the expresso (sic) cake. We also had breakfast at the Starfish Restaurant and I would recommend the a la carte menu as opposed to their limited buffet. If you鈥檙e just looking for a light, carbohydrate-rich breakfast, the buffet is for you. It had lots of bread and croissants, some yogurt, little cereal boxes (like you get for the kids), oatmeal (you have to ask for it) and fresh fruit. The a la carte menu had eggs (as you like them, omelette, or eggs benedict), french toast and pancakes. They also had sausage, bacon, ham, hashbrowns and juice. The coffee was decent and the service was marginally faster than at dinner.The Blue Iguana Restaurant offers a broad array of tex-mex dishes. I had to catch the attention of one of the kitchen staff to get some menus, but after that, service was efficient, timely and friendly. The barkeep (who also turned out to be our server) made a decent pi帽a colada and really moved things along when we let him know we had a tour date to keep that evening. The food was good and filling, although my fajitas were a bit on the greasy side. The quesadillas my wife had were good and there was more than enough food leftover to take some back to the refrigerator in the room. Dessert was good, but nothing spectacular; cheesecake with cherries and fried tortilla wedges dusted with cinnamon sugar.Overall, the Fajardo Inn is a nice place to stay for a few days. You can drive to nearby Luquillo beach if you鈥檇 like to get some sun  sand and it鈥檚 only about 20 minutes to El Yunque (Caribbean National Forest) where you can hike the trails to your heart鈥檚 desire. You are also very close to the ferries to Culebra and Vieques and just a short drive from Las Cabezas de San Juan park, where I would recommend taking a kayak tour of the bioluminescent bay on moonless or near-moonless nights. My wife and I took the tour with Yokahu Kayaks and they were very professional, friendly and made the tour fun.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>musicmaker
<Content>A bit of Blah... Stayed at the Fajardo Inn for a 2 night stay with hubbie and 2 kids 7  4. It was clean and appreared nice but really lacked a lot of the little extras that make a hotel a home for a few days.Let's start with the room - no folder in the room giving us info a on the hotel, called front desk but never received it. No clock in the room, 13 TV in big armoire, not enough towels.The pool areas - the large pool in Coco's world was great for kids, lots of shallow 3 ft areas with seating in pool for adults, nice slide, everything looked very new. Actually gave out beach towels , thick and fluffy! The downside... swim up bar with no one working it, no food or drinks available, the hot tub needed to be turned on by the guy at the top of the hill in Coco's hut and it never got hot. The pool is a fair distance away from the main hotel, so you are sort of in limbo land .... what I would have given for a pina colada!The restaurant Starfish was okay . Pasta for the kids, fairly laid back service, slow bar service. Good but again just lacking something that would make it stand out.Oh, no elevator ...pack light. All and all just an average place to stay, if you can't find anywhere else to stay, at least it was clean and not too expensive. I would probably not stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SN1752
<Content>Trying Too Hard A 2-day stay at the Fajardo Inn capped an 8-day circumnavigation of Puerto Rico. The property just feels like it's trying too hard to be something it cannot be. Its location on a hill keeps it from being a sprawling resort  its location in the country keeps it from being a prime destination. Not that it doesn't try to impress you with a large pool complex... it just seemed out of place, though. It would be like a Vermont country inn adding a high-tech cinema. It's not a bad property; it's just not comfortable. The property's web site indicates that the restaurant is a certified Meson Gastronomico but that must be outdated because there is no listing of it on the PRTC website that certifies the restaurants. The restaurant is pedestrian and overpriced, though they mix a good drink. This would be a passable property for a long weekend with a couple of kids, but that's about it.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>marpet07
<Content>Nice short stay We stayed here during February vacation week and it was not crowded. The location is not near the beach so a one night stay was fine. We went out and explored the area, visited the rainforest and ate in a small restaurant by the bay.The room was large, with a balcony overlooking the area. The ac was strong. The water for the jacuzzi took at least 10 minutes to get hot so don't give up.We had only a snack and drink at the bar, our waitress was very friendly.One pool was closed but the larger one was delightful.Check in was not until 4:00 and they made us wait until then even though the inn was mostly empty. By that time towels were not avaiable at the pool so bring your own from the room.Construction on site is a nuisance but that is unavoidable.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>Maximum_Mary
<Content>Poor Attitude We stayed here for 2 nights March 3  4 2007. They did tell us that they were very full and only had a suite to accomodate us. This included a fridge, coffee maker and some utensils. The room, although clean, was very basic. No face cloths, no dish soap, no dish cloths, coffee for only 1 night, and minimal dishes. Lots of construction around the grounds - we overlooked an adjacent roof. The worst was their attitude - they really didn't care if we stayed there or not. We felt very unwelcome! We heard that this was common even if you were Puerto Rican. The food was not very good at the Blue? Iguana - they microwaved it. The music was very load - but we were told that it was the way the guys liked it.The price was good compared to other places and it was clean. Would stay again if we were in the main building - people liked it who stayed there. They just need to work on their customer service -  yes we like our tourists - atitude. This seemed to be an issue for Fajardo in general.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jb+nmo
<Content>Less than Impressed We were in Fajardo for approximately 4 days. Certainly, there is a lot to do in this area. The hotel is central enough to be able to do all these activities, although keep in mind, although they advertise that they are close to the beach, they certainly are not. You require a car at all times to get around - beach, sightseeing, restaurants.The rooms were clean and satisfactory. The restaurant was also good. Its menu was varied and reasonably priced for the level we went to. However, we were repulsed, though, by the attitude by the barmen. We sat ourselves at the bar, for about 15 minutes. There may have been 4 other people in the entire bar. We were completely ignored despite multiple attempts to make eye contact. Others were being served the minute they came up to the bar. When we finally opened our mouth, and attempted to order a very simple drink, we were advised that they could not facilitate that. Certainly, it prompted both of us to leave expeditiously, and never return. We refuse to pay money in a place that would treat us with anything but respect. The managers of this bar and the hotel should be advised that such behavior is unacceptable.Would we stay at Fajardo inn again - probably not. There were a few such episodes with the staff. Unfortunately they seem to have a monopoly in that area as the only other reputable place was El Conquistador - which, after speaking to a variety of other tourists, were less than impressed with their expensive stay there.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	4	1	3	

<Author>mrobinbird
<Content>Nice and Clean!               
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CouleeCat
<Content>A great destination in itself! The only challenge we had at this hotel was actually figuring out how to get to it. Once we did though, we were not dissapointed. We had booked one of the honeymoon suites ($135 per night) and it had a very nice view of the city, hills surrounding it and a bit of the water from our private balcony. The room was spacious, very nicely appointed, and the bed was firm and wonderful - the best we've slept in anywhere. It had a jacuzzi tub in the bathroom, which we never did use, wetbar, refrigerator and microwave. There were two pools and we spent quite a bit of time at the larger one. A little warning to those of you, like me, that seems to attract every biting insect within 20 miles, use a bug spray because I came home with over two dozen very itchy bites from the no-see-ums that hang around the pool. The water slide looked fun and I would've loved to go down it even though I'm a 50-something. We were surprised to find that the whirlpool was not a heated, but liked how it water-falled into the larger pool.The first night we had dinner at the Starfish. What a delight. We ordered the Puerto Rican sampler appetizer and enjoyed every one of the little deep-fried treats-the sauce that they served with it was the best we'd had in PR yet. My husband and I shared a Caeser salad with chicken and each ordered one of the pasta dishes and a side of rice and beans. Everything was prepared exceptionally well. We ordered chocolate cake to take back to the room for later and it was very decadent. Was that why I gained 8 lbs. in one week?!The next night we ate at the Blue Iguana at the hotel. Again, the meal was wonderful and priced reasonably.We loved the little gatos that roamed the property, especially the friendly little kitten that hangs around the lobby area looking for someone to play with (of course, many people happily obliged her). From our balcony, the sound of the coqui were a treat to listen to at night. This can be a very romantic place to stay but it is also great for families with children. Everything, including the very helpful front desk staff is first rate.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>MyAdvice
<Content>Good place to stay to check out rainforest, biobay, or Vieques/Culebra I would rate this place almost a three diamond hotel; there are certain aspects of the rooms that make this place two diamond, but there are many aspects of this place that exceed what is found in a two diamond hotel. The Room:We stayed in the main building; in the main building the rooms with the odd numbers overlook the town area. The rooms with the even numbers have the views of the ocean. Our room itself, which was had two queen beds was huge; it was about 15x20. I can say that it was quite nice to stay at a place that you actually had more than 6鈥?between the side of the bed and the wall. The room had an in-room safe, a small refrigerator, a table suitable for eating on or working. One thing that was missing in the room was a microwave. The furniture was nice and modern, the beds were mushy soft and the bedspreads were a little worn. The TV was fairly small at 17鈥? The bathroom was a little dated, and had a shower stall instead of a tub. Overall, the room was acceptable and a little better than what I had expected. One more thing; do not turn on the AC and then leave the room for several hours. The AC is powerful and our room was quite cold when we came back. Since there was no heat in our room, we had to open up the windows to let the heat in!The Hotel: The hotel had a small business center and wireless access. Unfortunately, wireless could not be reached from the room; one had to go onto the front porch or lobby to have access. Fortunately, there were several tables/chairs on the front porch, so one could work there. The hotel staff was very friendly. Be sure to ask them for a copy of 鈥淨ue Pasa鈥?and 鈥淧laces to Go鈥? While I did not eat at the seafood restaurant at the hotel, it was a Mesones restaurant. Mesones is kind of like a seal of approval for restaurants serving authentic Puerto Rico Cuisine. The Mexican restaurant at the hotel was fairly inexpensive, but nothing to write home about. The hotel had two pools; the one by the hotel is a typical pool; the one over the hill (Coco鈥檚) is the one that you would expect to see at a resort. You need to check in at Coco鈥檚 guest house to visit Coco鈥檚 pool. They will give you towels at the guest house for use in the pool area. Be warned that there are confusing signs about the pool hours. I鈥檓 not sure when the pool was actually closed. There were signs at the pools that said the pool was open till 6:00pm; others that said 7:00 pm and the note on the door in the hotel room said 8:00pm. There is also a nice gym (with free weights) on site as well as a place to play mini-golf, tennis, and basketball. Also, as others have noted the hotel is very easy to miss. If you go to the one-way loop by the docks, you went too far. There is a sign that says hotel as other posters noted, however it is about a 12鈥漻18鈥?blue sign and very easy to miss. In case you miss the turn, the sign in the other direction was partially obscured by vegetation. The road that the hotel is on is a fairly wide road. I would guess that it is about 30-40 feet wide. Where to Eat/Shop:There are several American fast food and family style chain restaurants on route 3 between route 194, including McDonalds, Wendy鈥檚, Ponderosa and Sizzler. There is also a Wal-Mart, a few grocery stores, and a Walgreens in this area. Except for the Golden bagel and the restaurants at the hotel, there is very little commercial activity near the hotel, so I recommend renting a car to get around the area. Nearby Activities:If you drive down to the docks to take a ferry to Vieques of Culebra, there are gated lots that charge a parking fee of $3-5/day. The ferry docks are to the north. You can get the ferry for $2 per adult one-way. Purchase tickets across the street from the ferry dock. You do not want to take the ferry to these islands if there is a storm coming or if there are high winds as the water will be very choppy. Do not pick outside seats on the ferry unless you want to smell diesel exhaust for the one hour trip. The nearest beach to the hotel is the Seven Seas beach; it is quite easy to get to. There is also a bioluminescent bay in Fajardo near the Seven Seas beach.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tanchaser
<Content>Nice hotel Jan. 26th, 2007. We rented four rooms for one night and wish we could have stayed longer. As a group, we were unanimous in being impressed with the facility. It was clean, well layed out, and the view is great. I will return someday for a longer stay. I do wish the pool bar, lower level was open and the hours extended at least for adults. I do feel the Starfish restaurant is over priced but the Blue Iguana restaurant is priced very well. This was a post cruise stay and we were happy with the Fajardo Inn.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Innovation423
<Content>Nice hotel in great location The Fajardo Inn is a great place. I would definitely recommend it and would go there again.The pool is terrific. Apparently the pool hours used to be short but they are now 8am to 8pm. There is free WiFi near the hotel lobby, which is especially welcome because of telephone connection charges in the rooms and the cost of using the business center鈥檚 computers. Bring your own laptop and enjoy all the Internet you want. The rooms don鈥檛 have clocks鈥攕o bring a travel alarm clock.People complain that the hotel is hard to find. One reason is that the location on the directions map of the hotel鈥檚 own website is wrong. This is the web address of a map that shows the correct location of the hotel: http://www.travelmaps.com/fajardo.html When you鈥檙e driving to the hotel on Carr 195/Calle Principal, look on the left for a government-style road sign that simply says 鈥渉otel鈥?with an arrow to the left. Turn left after that sign and you鈥檒l see the Fajardo Inn at the top of the hill. But there鈥檚 no sign that directs you to 鈥淔ajardo Inn鈥?anywhere, and no sign I could see that identifies the street as Parcelas Beltran.Incidentally, if you鈥檙e driving to the hotel from the airport in San Juan, I鈥檇 recommend that from Carr 26 you take Carr 66 (instead of Carr 3 the whole way) until Carr 66 dead-ends. Then you turn right on Carr 3 and follow the rest of the hotel鈥檚 directions. Carr 66 is a toll road which costs $1.50, but it鈥檚 worth it.About restaurants鈥攖he hotel鈥檚 restaurants are good, but assuming you want to try some others, let me recommend: The best seafood we found was at La Parrilla, which is Kiosk #2 in the long line of restaurants and bars in front of Luquillo Beach. All seafood restaurants, this one included, cost about what you鈥檇 pay in the continental U.S., so they鈥檙e not cheap at all. Rosa鈥檚 seafood is quite good and is much closer to the hotel (take the last right turn before the ferry port and go to the end of the street). Anchors Inn, which is on the way to the El Conquistador, costs slightly more and just wasn鈥檛 as good. Pasion por el Fogon, near Anchors Inn, is very expensive. There is an excellent Cuban restaurant called Metropol located in the shopping center with the movie theater at the intersection where you turn from Carr 3 to Carr 194 on the way to the hotel. This is a copy of the highly-regarded Metropol located in Isla Verde.Finally, the Golden Bagel restaurant, which is on Carr 195/Calle Principal just a few blocks before the hotel, is a great place. It has both traditional Puerto Rican and more continental U.S.-style breakfast and lunch entrees. The espresso is excellent, it has a range of bakery items, and believe it or not, the bagels are quite good. Free WiFi as well. We went back several times.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>prOakland
<Content>We love it. Fantastic pool, nice clean rooms. The hotel is on a hill, so its a tough walk up to the lobby and down to the pool, especially if you have to drag luggage. However, if you have a car, you can park it right outside your door.We only stayed here to go on the East Winds snorkel tour to Cuelebra. They pick you up at this hotel for $14 per person so you don't need a car.This hotel is supposed to be only 1.5 blocks from the ferry, but it's staight uphill and the locals told us to take a taxi. The Taxi cost $20 for only a 3 minute drive, so I felt cheated.After the bad reviews about the food being bad and expensive, I was relieved that the food was pretty good and not that expensive. The average dinner at both restaurants was $7-$15. There's a refrigerator in the room so you can take leftovers back, but take a plastic fork to eat it with later. There is no microwave. If you need a taxi from here back to San Juan, I recommend Angel and Mary. They live in Fajardo, speak English, and are very punctual and reliable. I Reserved the taxi 1 day in advance. and cost $60 for 3 of us with luggage.I wished I could have stayed longer, just to relax by the beautiful pool. It had a water slide, waterfall, and crystal clear water that didn't smell of chlorine. Do not bring any valuables to the pool. There were 2 young, kids, around 9 and 14 years old, not guests, walking around and around the pool very slowly, looking at all the chairs as if waiting for you to get up and leave your things unguarded. If you wanted to swim after you checked out, there are showers and lockers by the pool. But you need your own padlock and the lockers are not big enough to hold your luggage.The mini golf was $2 per person per round. They give you really large, thick beach towels, but charge you $20 if you lose it.They have an internet room in the lobby. I think it was about $5 for 30 minutes. But if you have your own laptop, its free.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>pickatty
<Content>Okay for one night stay       View of newer pool  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>Zephyr-TA
<Content>Fajardo: Good Location for Exploration Stayed 3 nights, 12/14/06-12/17. We very much enjoyed our stay here. We arrived early and they prepared the room early for us including a portable frige! We found the desk staff to be most friendly and helpful. They provided detailed directions for us to a long list of questions, including directions to the Golden Bagel for great coffee and pastries! The room was a standard ($100/nightly plus taxes) on the main floor facing the pool, quite clean, quite adequate. They responded promptly to our requests for additional room needs. We visited the Mexican restaurant on several occasions and found service and food to be quite adequate. The Christmas decorations were beautiful! As noted by others, there's a bit of hill and stair climbing to do if using the front entrance. The landscaping is very nicely done. I'd stay here anytime.  And I also would consider staying here as a base to see other places like Old San Juan, the big park, 5 minute access to the Vieques  Culebra ferries, the day-trip sail boats, the casino across the harbor in the big hotel, where rooms are typically much more expensive. All of these easily accessed without the traffic of San Juan.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>midgetmama
<Content>Pretty good minus the ants I paid $134.52 for a standard room with a balcony for my mother and I on 12/20. I think the price of the hotel is a bit high compared to others I could get in Puerto Rico for the same price.We spent a lot of time looking for this place, mainly due to bad directions we got from someone in San Juan. When we finally found it, it was very simple and easy to get to and from the hotel.There are a LOT of stairs here. If you're disabled, forget about it. They did have a few ramps going up, and I guess you could stay downstairs, but it would still be a very complicated journey to get to the front door. My mom and I are pretty active and packed light, so this wasn't a problem for us. There is no elevator, but the staff does offer help with your bags if you need it.The hotel had some lovely Christmas decorations, and the grounds are pretty nice. The girl working the front desk was not especially friendly, but she was efficient enough.The room itself was very plain, and when I went to turn on the air conditioner I found it surrounded by ants. I've never had bugs in any room I've ever stayed in (except the Penny Sleeper in Anaheim, which we left immediately), so that was a surprise and made me a little paranoid about climbing into bed that night when I returned and found them gone. There was also some kind of bug in the shower that never moved.We did have a great view of the water and El Yunque and listened to the coqui the whole night.We took the bio-bay tour with Yokahu Kayaks, and when we returned the Starfish restaurant had already closed, but we had planned to go to Blue Iguana anyway, which is open until 11. You have to pay for chips and salsa, which we did. They were good but not spectacular. I got the chicken taco combo, and my mom got quesadillas. Everything was delicious, but the beans were a little too Tex-Mex for my liking. For all this and free refills on the soda, it only cost $19, making this our cheapest meal after the Luquillo beach kiosks.Check-out was easy, and there turned out to not be any bugs in my bed.For the most part, I really did like the hotel, but I think certain staff members could use a little improvement, and the bug problem wasn't pleasant. The whole bathroom also just seemed a little grungy. It's a good and convenient place to stay but slightly overpriced.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Becky55
<Content>Just what I needed       other view of newer pool  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Wacotravelers
<Content>Farjardo Inn, San Juan PR - Worth the Money Farjardo Inn - San Juan PR - Worth the moneyOctober 24, 2006TripAdvisor Member, Waco TXThe inn and grounds were prettty and well kept. The room was not fancy, but was large and very clean and comfortable. This hotel is not on the beach but a beautiful beach is very near by.The only problems we encountered were very few signs directing us to the hotel and when we called the first time, the desk clerk was unable to give us directions from the town plaza which was less than 1 mile away. There are a lot of steps and steep inclines on the property, but overall it was well worth the money.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>LAKaren
<Content>Not what we had expected We stayed during the Christmas holiday after spending a wonderful week on Isla de Vieques. The hotel was pleasant enough at first, but then things got pretty bad. We had a room with 2 full size beds. After the first night, my husband was getting bitten by some sort of bug. I don't believe they were bed bugs. We spoke to housekeeping, and they said they would change the bedding  bedspread. This did not help. My husband asked to change rooms, and they wouldn't comply. They said they would change the mattress. This didn't happen. So after the 2nd night of being bitten up, we asked to change rooms again. The people at the front desk said they couldn't do this. It was only after we mentioned Trip Advisor, they finally agreed to change our room. After that the bug bites stopped. The hotel is pleasant enough for the price but be advised there is alot of walking to be done. There are no elevators but is is only a 2 floor hotel. We were traveling with our young children, so if you forgot something in your room, it's up the steps. It's also a distance to the washer  dryer, and if you use the larger pool with the slide next to the mini golf course, it's another LONG walk and a full flight of stairs down to the pool.So if you have a problem with stairs or traveling with small children, you may want to think twice! The staff was very pleasant but we started off on the wrong foot. We ate breakfast out at several different bakeries. Most served some sort of egg sandwhich or french toast (for the kids). It was cheaper than eating in the hotel restaurant. For dinner, try heading down to the seaport where there is a road lined with many restaurants.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Longwood Traveler
<Content>Great Find and Excellent Service I booked two standard suites at the Fajardo Inn for my son and his wife and myself and my partner. I was very happy with the choice of this hotel not just because of the price (which was very reasonable) but because the service and the amenities were just right. No this is not a luxury property but it is clean (sheets are changed every day - you don't even get that at the Marriott), the people are helpful and friendly, the pool (only one was open at the time) was huge and entertaining and the restaurants and bar were well priced and appetizing. The drinks are more than fairly priced and they aren't stingy with the liquor but they do caution about overindulging.Our two suites cost less than $150 per night and were located in a separate casita so it was like we had our own separate hideaway. The king-sized bed was comfortable but don't expect to see a lot of furniture in the room. It had a full kitchen and the bath was okay. The only problem we had was with ants (not unusual in the Caribbean and since we live in Florida something we are unfortunately used to). When I mentioned it to the front desk on the way back from breakfast to my room, she said she would have housekeeping get on it right away. She wasn't kidding - the housekeeping staff got to the room before I did and sprayed the place. Since my son had the upper room in the building and didn't have any ant problems I would recommend staying out of the lower level rooms if this is a problem.The Starfish restaurant was very nice and we ventured out to a few of the local places such as the Anchor Inn and the Conquista and had nice meals at both places. The hotel is very convenient to El Yunque and Luquillo Beach and if you forget something there is a Walmart in town.We also used the Internet service and that worked fine for a quick check of e-mails.Overall a great place for the money. We'd go back there again.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>csjobert
<Content>Not bad at all This place was surprisingly good for the value. It's not on the beach but is a short ride away from the beach. There are two pools one in the main section and one by the new section with slides into the pool overlooking a beautiful landscape. It even has a swim up bar and dining areas. The restaurant does include two restaurants and bar. I would not recommend this place for the elderly or the handicapped because the hotel is located on a hillside and you have to walk quite a bit just to get to the rooms and some going up hill or downhill. There are no elevators. Every thing is located on various levels (bars, restaurants, pools etc.) The rooms are pretty roomy and very clean and include a small refrigerator. The staff was very kind and helpful. If you can't stay at the big resorts nearby, this is your next best bet with a great value.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cezzah
<Content>Lovely place Had a lovely stay there earlier in the year. Lovely pool complex, staff were all nice and friendly and great grub in the restaurant. Marvellous.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>wasame
<Content>Clean,Tropical,Great Value       nice tropical foliage  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>happycook
<Content>Strongly disliked the place I can't give the Farjardo a terrible rating because it wasn't an evil nightmare, it just made me profoundly relieved we had only booked one night and I had great sympathy for the staff - they couldn't just flee like we could!Ironically, the place looks rather impressive in a fancy schmancy way, then your soul is slowly sucked out by the surreally dreary, impersonal rooms, the counter-productive attempt to limit pool time (guests nervously edging around the early evening pool closed sign as if fearing they might be yelled at) and the ghastly Mexican microwave food at the cheaper hotel restaurant. We timidly asked if we could buy tennis balls (like, to use on the tennis court?) and might as well have been demanding to purchase ski boots!It's by no means a nasty place, the sun shone, the pools were lovely - when open - but thank goodness it was only a stop-gap stay. You creep away with a lighter wallet and no special memories whatsoever.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Thing in Fajardo We stayed at the Fajardo Inn on the 5th.  6th. of July of this year. It is a Beautiful Place on a hilltop in Fajardo. The Staff are Welcoming, Professional,  will go the extra mile to answer your questions, address concerns, give directions, etc. The room we stayed in was spacious, very nicely decorated  clean. WE ate once at the Inn at the Starfish; which is typical Caribbean Cuisine and the food and service were excellent. The next evening we drove to La Banda Waterfront restaurant in Ceiba about 15 mins. away...also excellent. If...If ...you're planning to Ferry to Culebra or Vieques..purchase your tickets IN ADVANCE; and do not beleive the tour Books....one hour before departure doesn't cut it. You would not beleive the scene at the terminal. Trust me. Have a Good Time  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fajardo Inn The Fajardo Inn was a great place.! It was a little tricky to find at first but it was well worth it! The views were unbelievable. The pools were great, even though the bigger one down below closed around 7pm. There was even a bar down by the pool, it was great. The earlier you go to the pool the better chance you have on getting towels and having the pool all to yourself. Past the pool, by the kids playground iguanas run wild! The staff were kind and friendly. I had many questions and they answered them with no problems. We ate once at the restaurant on the premise, 2 breakfast plates, came out to be 18 dollars, kind of pricey for eggs bacon and toast, but after that we ate at local restaurants. The rooms were clean, all tile, and the beds were comfortable. All in all it was a great experience. I will definately come back.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pastiche
<Content>A bargain       Large Pool area with putt putt Golf  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>humanone
<Content>Best place to stay in Fajardo Although there are two mega resorts around Fajardo, and some funky inns, the best choice is the parador Fajardo Inn. There are a number of room choices, all fine. Ours had a view over the smaller swimming pool onto the sea and mountains; we were on the second floor. The room was big and clean, and the airconditioner perfect. But...when you arrive ask for a map of the property. It was only on our last day that we discovered the new huge pool with spa and water slide, next to the putting green and children's playground. The price was reasonable, $95 for weekday, $114 for weekend. However, the two restaurants are merely adequate. Dine instead at either the Anchor Inn or Pasion por el Fogon (passion for the wood stove like grandma used). Eat at any road side stand and try each of the typical Puerto Rican fried appetizers.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MomDadandBlueberry
<Content>Very Nice Place A very nice place to stay. We travelled with our 2陆 year old and the hotel pool is beautiful and a huge hit. The playground and minature golf (small extra charge) was very nice. Our room was a brand new suite (with a microwave, refrigerator and coffee maker), but only one king sized bed. A suggestion to the hotel would be to supply little things like paper towels, a sponge and coffee filters and possibly a roll away bed for children as the room was very large. The front desk clerk Sandra was exceedingly nice. She showed us two rooms and gave me a full run down on all the things nearby and available at the resort. She was extremely pleasant and welcoming. (We have stayed at many hotels over the years and she really went above and beyond as a welcoming hostess. ) the location was very nice. The only problem are the grounds are very spread out. We only ate one meal at the restaurant which was nice but somewhat expensive for a family.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>small rooms the room was clean and cheap. we had an upgraded room, but it was very, very small and the bed was uncomfortable. i would not stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Bargain In Puerto Rico This has to be the best bargain in all of Puerto Rico, in fact, it is probably the best bargain in all of the Caribbean. We stayed at this resort with two other couples April 1st - 4th prior to taking a cruise. I will say that this hotel is very much hidden and a little tricky to find, but worth the extra effort to track them down. Our rooms were wonderful, clean and quiet. The pool is fantastic and even though they had limited hours (6PM) we were never asked to leave after 6PM and in fact one evening we stayed till nearly 8PM with no problems. We did utilize our own BYOB at the pool and were never hassled even though the sign reads no food or drink; however we were discrete about this. The Mexican restaurant was not bad..the pricing was good. The upstairs restaurant was VERY good and the staff was outstanding and very accommodating. Breakfast was pricey and so after the first day we went down the street to a typical local restaurant, the food was fabulous and the prices were very inexpensive. I will have to say that the staff at this hotel was very friendly from the moment they assisted us through directions to the hotel on our cell phone to the day we left, they were fantastic. If you go to the front desk you can get full size beach towels and only need to sign for them, they never asked for a deposit. The beach towels were clean and of good quality, in fact we took them with us on a snorkeling trip. The front desk staff was helpful with giving us numbers to local tour groups and was very good at giving directions to local beaches. The hotel had a few problems, but the price of this hotel was so good I won't even mention them.One of the best things about this hotel is that you are only about four miles from a huge mega-resort the El Conquistador were our husbands had a great day golfing and we spent one evening having dinner and enjoying the casino. Just as an example the El Conquistador was at least $250 more per night than the Fajardo Inn. I recommend staying at the Fajardo Inn and enjoying a quiet, clean hotel with a mega-resort pool and a Holiday Inn price!! We can't wait to return!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tlcall01
<Content>Good value and family location Can't afford a luxury hotel, but want ample pools, dining, and activites for the kids? Then Fajardo Inn is for you. Very affordable and clean.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>anonymous44
<Content>Nice feeling, great pools I stayed there for two nights in April with my wife and son. The hotel has a nice Spanish colonial feeling that we found attractive. We stayed in one of their family rooms with two queen beds. The room was very large. It was clean and nice, but nothing spectacular. What is really spectacular is the new pool complex downhill. The slide, the waterfall, the jacuzzi, the lap pool, the swim-up bar, the little pool... We spent a great couple of hours there.We had dinner once at the Mexican restaurant in the property, which was OK. All in all, we enjoyed our stay very much, and the price was unbeatable.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable and relaxed at the Fajardo Inn A wonderful and reasonable option to the mega resorts in Puerto Rico. The rooms are big, comfortable and clean. Our kids loved the pool and play area in Coco's park. The Inn had many of the good amenities of a bigger, pricer resort at a comfortable value. Traveling with 3 small children, we truly appreciated the warm and family oriented staff. We felt at home.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Likes2GoGoGo
<Content>Empty, weird but Wonderful       Our private pool in Fajardo  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>gastup
<Content>Beautiful resort atmosphere As a family of four, we spent three nights at the Fajardo Inn. We occupied the family room, a room with three double beds. The room was huge! There was large walk in closet that doubled as a changing room for our teenage son or daughter when the bathroom was occupied.The pool is awesome but the pool hours are way too short. It would have been nice to go for an evening swim.The grounds are very resort-like and well maintained. The floors throughout the establishment are ceramic tile and therefore easy to keep clean. The staff seemed to be constantly buffing and polishing.Our only disappointment was the Blue Iguana restaurant which serves Mexican food. It was just OK.We found a great spot for breakfast a couple blocks away (the Golden Bagel). Their coffee, fresh squeezed OJ and baked goods were out of this world. I had tears in my eyes on the last morning when we had to say goodbye. It's a special place.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a good time! We stayed at the Fajardo Inn for one night. The rooms are plain but they served their purpose. The grounds are well maintained. The cleanliness of the room was so-so but I wasn't skeeved like I was at some of the other places we stayed in Puerto Rico, such as The Great Escape Inn in Vieques and The Howard Johnson in Isla Verde. The pool was awesome. It is huge and has this huge hottub and swim up bar. The pool hours are from 9am-7pm. It closed way too early. And we went to the restaurant right near the desk with the big boat in the front and the bar as soon as you walk in. I forget the name of it but I told the waitress I was a vegetarian and she brought out fettucini alfredo made with chicken broth. How disgusting!! Who would put chicken broth in alfredo sauce? She didn't listen to me when I ordered. Would I stay there again? Maybe. Compared to the other hotels I stayed at on my trip, this one was paradise.Incidentally, while we were in Fajardo, we went to the airport and flew on Vieques Air Link to Culebra. The flight was 15 minutes late but it was amazing. You can see all of Fajardo, Palominos Keys, and Culebra from the air. The flight was an unforgettable part of our trip. We didn't have any of the transportation problems on Culebra that we did on Vieques. We called Kiko's Transportation Services and he took us to Flamenco Beach. He was wonderful. I highly recommend his services! And Flamenco beach is the most beautiful beach I have ever been on in my entire life. My fiance' is 6 feet, 3 inches tall, and I took a picture of him standing in the water up to his shoulders. You can see his feet in the picture. That's how clear the water is. And my fiance loved the pinchos (BBQ chicken on a stick served with a roll) that they sell on Flamenco Beach. I loved the Pina Coladas. They were orgasmic. If I went to Puerto Rico again, I would stay on Culebra.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My Second Home. I have stayed at the Fajardo Inn regularily for over five years. I visit the nearby marinas for business. I loved the hotel the first time I stayed there and now it is even better with all of the new facilities. Over the years I have seem this property grow from a simple hotel to quite and incredible property. I have actually gotten to know the owner who actually built the place himself. It is an amazing success story. Recently, they have added a park that includes a large pool, minature golf, tennis, basketball and lots of gardens. It's just a great place at a great price.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful Our family of 4 stayed at the Farjado Inn for 5 nights. It is beautiful. The staff are excellent. The rooms are comfortable and food good. The pools are outstanding. The location to everything perfect. And the price was great. The entire time we were there it was like a postcard dream. I highly recommend the Farjado Inn and would certainly stay there again  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>baianamomma
<Content>Jury's still our on this place we spent two nights at the scenic inn before heading out to culebra and then one night at the Fajardo Inn when we came back. The Scenic Inn was a good deal. The floors are linoleum and kind of gross, never walked barefoot. There was no remote and there are lots of roosters on the property but still a great deal. The fajardo inn was not worth the price. For twice the price we got the same accomodations except for this time we got a remote, no roosters, and the room was bigger. Still gross floors.The restaurants on premise are not worth mentioning. The really neat pool closes at 7pm. No one is hanging out at the hotel at 7pm! The staff was okay,Budget travellers, stay at the Scenic Inn. If you want nice, the Conquistador is to die for and starts at $70 more per night than the Fajardo Inn. Definitely worth it.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not the place to go for peace and quiet Spent three nights here in March. The Farjado Inn is physically very nice-beautiful views, inviting lobby, polite staff. That being said, the longer I stayed the more I could not wait to leave. The huge beautiful pool has ridiculously short hours. when we did find time to lay by the pool one afternoon we walked away with our ears ringing--from 10am to noon they were pressure washing the pool (very loud!). When that finally stopped it was replaced by the soothing sound of dump trucks, cranes, construction and the very loud stereo of the construction crew directly behind us. Yes, the huge pool is adjacent to a huge construction site.I would have retired to my room for a bit of peace and quiet, however directly oustide of our room was a large table saw. They seemed to be building closet doors and doing miscellaneuos carpentry the whole length of our hallway for the duration of our stay. For days after we left everything in our suitcases smelled like mold (the general aroma of our room).The food also left a lot to be desired. There was absoletuly no consistency, and there is only one restaraunt open for lunch which is entirely mexican food. never did find the jacuzzis. when i called to ask the front desk where they were they replied that the jacuzzis were not currently open and that they are never open unless the hotel is at maximum capacity.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay! We stayed at the Farjardo Inn for 2 night in March 2006. The staff were friendly and the room was clean. I would recommend to anyone going to the west side of Puerto Rico  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>short pool hours Check in time is 4. Wonderful pool closes at 6.Check out time is 11. Wonderful pool opens at 10.Unless you're staying multiple days and don't leave the hotel during the day, you have less than 3 hours to use their wonderful pool.We chose this hotel for our group of university students based on the pictures of the pool and proximity to El Yunque. Hotel ok but big disappointment when we tried to swim.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation We Ever Had               More photos  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel The Fajardo Inn, is a beautiful hotel, with all the caribean flavor. It sit's on a mountain side, in Fajardo, just a couple of miles from the ConquistadorHotel Resort. We stayed at a villa, for $110.00 a day that just can't be beat. The villa is spaciaus, with balcony, nice furniture, you can really make yourself at home. The hotel has 2 restaurants, 2 pools, a mini golf course, a computer room, wi-fi hot spot, great outdoor lobby seating area, banquet hall, a nearby by mall, the works.And a very friendly staff, that made our stayed a verypleasent one!! We will visit this hotel, anytime were on that Island. I was very impressed, it could prove a little hard to find at first, but I recommend looking it up.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dunewalker
<Content>Peaceful, Clean, Such a Deal! The Fajardo Inn was as clean and sweet as the Puerto Rico country air and a true escape from the touristy beat. Having stayed in upscale hotels in San Juan and Dorado on previous visits to PR, we had decided to sample a simpler style of lodging. Puerto Rico really has enchanted us (married couple in 50s), and we felt that we should see if the magic held up without the four-star safety net. Our 3-day, 2-night stay in the Fajardo Inn in early February was definitely not long enough and we are eager to return. In fact, staying at the Caribe Hilton in San Juan for the next six nights, we drove to the Fajardo vicinity two more times! (That can take more than an hour each way.) Driving in from the airport, we had no problem finding the highway turn-off for the Inn and once we knew where it was, it was equally easy to find it at night. From previous reviews, we were a bit leery about reports of steep stairs and sparse rooms. But we unloaded the trunk of the rental car in the driveway, and by the time my husband returned from parking, the manager had carried our luggage up to our room via the beautiful sweeping staircase. And so it went. They knew us and looked out for us cheerfully. Service was impeccable, without the sometimes too-closeness of a BB. THE ROOM. We stayed in a 鈥淪tandard room w/balcony鈥?in the main building. There was a tiled floor, small refrigerator, phone, cable TV with stations from the States, a cafe table and two chairs, dresser drawers, two night tables, your regular sliding-door size closet and a roomy queen bed that allowed us to sleep like babies. The bathroom had a huge shower w/soap and shampoo supplied, and since we don鈥檛 expect Egyptian cotton bath sheets at those prices, we were satisfied with what we got. The air conditioner was just fine. I would have liked at least one upholstered chair to sit in. My husband didn鈥檛 care. The small BALCONY immediately overlooked some parking spots, another low-rise Inn building and a variety of evergreens and palm trees. In the distance was a view of green hills and the town of Fajardo with El Yunque looming behind it. In the other direction was the not-so-far-off Atlantic with a view of Culebra Island and smaller cays. Not bad for $95/night.THE POOL AND GROUNDS. As a pool aficionado, I was pleased. Yes, the pictures of the larger pool complex look like a computer-drawing on their web site, but it really does look that way in person! The pool bar wasn鈥檛 open on weekday afternoons, but the wonderful layout of the large pools, the beautiful landscaping, green hills and violet skies, and various birds, iguanas and some wandering, friendly cats and roosters kept us relaxed and entertained. The original pool 鈥?a nice-sized, deep rectangle in a courtyard aside the hotel 鈥?also was surrounded by all kinds of palms and evergreens, and by extremely friendly guests, many of whom were return visitors. The pool towels, which you get from the front desk, were top of the line!It鈥檚 not hard to see why the Inn has received environmental awards because it鈥檚 so creatively landscaped. In the public areas and hallways, you鈥檒l pass a lot of original art, some folky, some not original, but all nicely and imaginatively framed. The colonial island architecture of the main building was welcoming. Everything was designed with an extra, caring touch.OTHER SERVICES. The service staff was terrific and there was always someone cleaning the public areas. When we called for extra towels and TP, room service came immediately. I couldn鈥檛 get a dial-up Internet connection for my laptop in the room. When I finally went to the front desk they said they only connect the phone if so requested, and when I complained that I had wasted precious time, they gave me a free (usually $5) half-hour stint in the two-computer high-speed Internet room. There is a laundry room for the guests.RESTAURANTS. For breakfast and dinner, the Star Fish restaurant was good but not memorable (our full-breakfast selections were about $8 each; dinner main courses, mid-teens). The Blue Iguana bar and grill (w/pool tables and a large screen TV for viewing sports) was generous for lunch and dinner with a wide variety of home-made Mexican food that hit the mark for about $7 and up. Wine and liquor was fairly priced. You could eat entirely on the ground for several days and be neither bored nor broke.ENVIRONS. You鈥檒l do best to get a rental car at the airport, because you will want to explore the surrounding area, including the nearby rainforest, sweeping Luquillo Beach, the bioluminescent waters, etc. Staying entirely on the Inn鈥檚 premises, despite their two affordable and pleasant restaurants, might be just a bit too quiet for more than a few days. Since the Inn is NOT on the beach, you鈥檒l have to drive there. It鈥檚 fun to explore the unpretentious restaurants down by the marina and along the main road to the Inn. At the turn-off from Highway 3 are several shopping centers, with fast food chains and a large Walgreens offering any drinks, snacks and sundries you might need.For some reason, I couldn't transmit photos w/this review, so just know that the Inn's website photos don't do it justice. If the Fajardo Inn were any smaller, I wouldn鈥檛 have shared how good it is, since I want to have a room available when we return!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little piece of paradise... Just an hour鈥檚 drive from the airport, the Fajardo Inn is a peaceful East Coast respite from the hub-bub of the metro San Juan area. We have been vacationing at the Inn for over a decade and with the recent completion of the enormous pool area with its water slide, swim up inpool bar and whirlpool area, kiddie playground, miniature golf and banquet facilities, the Inn has truly evolved into a comprehensive destination for family fun. For sports enthusiasts-- tennis and basketball courts, and a fully equipped gym are near completion. Can鈥檛 live without your computer --- take it with you for free WiFi access in hotel鈥檚 lobby or use the Inn鈥檚 computers for a nominal fee.The guest rooms have been refurbished with new mattresses, linens, furniture and paint. Great care has been taken to maximize functionality, as well as to assure that each room is aesthetically pleasing.The bi-lingual staff is competent, dedicated and well-versed in area attractions and will assist you in making arrangements for excursions 鈥?scuba, snorkeling,Yunque Forest tour, etc.With the lush plantings strategically located on the property, guests feel like they truly are on a tropical oasis. Golf courses are a short driving distance if you enjoy the game. Access to the Culebra/Vieques Ferry is minutes from the Inn. The trip to these out islands with their beautiful white sand beaches is a must for any visitor interested in a quiet, unspoiled setting. (Best time: weekdays). Although the two on-premise restaurants are adequate, there are many off-site eateries that also offer excellent meals at reasonable prices.We consider our five weeks spent at the Inn most enjoyable. Spending days in each of the Inn鈥檚 two pools working on our tans, exploring the area, golfing, snorkeling, kayaking, walking and watching the sun rise over Culebra and set over Yunque provide a powerful reminder of nature鈥檚 wonders here in Puerto Rico. Until next year鈥︹€︹€?br/>  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A real gem               
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>candu
<Content>Great! My husband and I booked a one week vacation at the five star hotel in Fajardo. We accidentally saw the Fajardo Inn on our second day and decided to move there. We had a great vacation for about 35% of the cost of the other place. The Fajardo Inn has nice pools, restaurants and minature golf. Service is good, views are great and there are many things to do in the area. Now that we can afford two vacations per year, we will be back at the Fajardo Inn.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fleas and other Insects Don't sleep a night here, is a dump. Fleas in the bed and others insects. Stay away of the restaurants.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice quiet hotel My husband and I recently stay at this beautiful hotel. For those who enjoy nature like us this place is great. The sorroundings are amazing, you feel conected with nature. The rooms are very nice and comfortable. We stay in one of the suites and the furniture was not basic at all. It is a great value for what you pay $130.00 a night.The two restaurants are very tasty. One with excellent fajitas (the best I have try), the other one really good caribbean flavors (mango, coconut)The pool is incredible, it is like a resort. We will definetly come back.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Chavodel8
<Content>Great Base of Operations  The Fajardo Inn is a nice place to return to as you explore the beautiful  exciting northeast of la Isla del Encanto. It seems like some of the complaints about the hotel come from people who expect a fully self-contained resort destination 鈥?that鈥檚 a lot to ask for $100 a night. We stayed about a week and really enjoyed our stay, especially daytime activities, but you鈥檒l need a car to reach attractions or if you want any nightlife (see our post under 鈥淔ajardo鈥? for stuff to do.The rooms are clean, comfortable and spacious, if pretty spare (absolutely no shelf space in the bathroom), with AC  small TVs. We didn鈥檛 see any benefit to the Ocean View over the Mountain View. The pool area is very nice for a hotel this size, and really uncrowded 鈥?good for a few afternoons鈥?relaxation. However, the towel service is sometimes unattended, and the swim-up bar is not up yet 鈥?you鈥檒l have to hike up to the restaurant for water. The two restaurants are good, although you鈥檒l get tired of them if you don鈥檛 eat anywhere else. It looks like they are adding many units, so the hotel may get more crowded in the future. Overall, a nice stay and a great value.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Fajardo A great value... the pools are great - clean and nice. The staff was friendly and helpful with questions and the rooms were clean, nice furniture but basic. I enjoyed the grounds as well. You can't beat the value at this place. I didn't eat in the restaurant but saw the breakfast buffet -- didn't look healthy (i.e. premade muffins in wrappers!) The mexican restaurant was pretty good. If you stay here make sure that you go to seven seas beach, Loquia beach and visit the rain forest. Also, you can probably sneak onto the El Conquistador boat and island if you just tell them that you are staying at the hotel... they want to see your room key but tell them you forgot it and to look your name up on the list... when the don't see it they will probably just let you onto the boat rather than make an issue out of it... plus if you buy any food or drinks on the island it will more than offset the cost of the boat ride that you stole! Loved farjardo, the inn and the nearby beaches. Keep in mind that there aren't a lot of restaurants nearby and they seemed overpriced -- 20-28 an entree which weren't remarkable.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BQ74
<Content>Just OK... We stayed at the Fajardo Inn for 4 nights. The good parts about the hotel are the price (reasonable for the area), the family-friendly pool area, both restaurants have good food at reasonable prices, the staff is friendly, there are nice views of the ocean and the mountains, it is very close to the ferry for Culebra and Vieques, and they help coordinate excursions including bioluminescent bay kayak trips (which are also close by). There were a few bad things that would make me reluctant to recommend this hotel. The rooms are very sparse and dismal (not even an alarm clock, with tile floor and fluorescent lights). I did not feel comfortable relaxing there in the evening. The bed was uncomfortable with bed-bugs. I woke up several times during each night itching and in the morning saw many new bites--not from mosquitoes or sand fleas, definitely from some insects living in the bed. The staff did not communicate very well with the excursion companies. I suggest arranging tours yourself and calling to confirm the status of the tour the night before or day of, in the case of the night bioluminescent bay tour (so cool!) instead of relying on hotel staff. Overall, this hotel seems on-par for Puerto Rico and for the price you pay per night.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cooltraveller
<Content>Nice, comfortable hotel, value for money My husband and I stayed 3 nights at Fajardo Inn and the overall experiance was very nice. We had booked an ocean-view room that had a tiny balcony looking out to the sea in the distance - we sat here every morning with our cup of coffee watching the water sparkle in the sunlight. The rest of the room was nice, with comfortable beds, chairs and a shower-only bathroom. The inn has 2 pools - the bigger one with the swim-up bar is really nice and we spent a lot of time here. The bar and food at the Blue Iguana (one of the hotel's restaurants) was really good. The hotel does not provide complimentary breakfast, and we had to spend $7.50 for a very ordinary breakfast everyday, that most other hotels offer for free.You will need a car to visit places while staying at Fajardo Inn. We made trips to El Yunque, Luquillo Beach and Seven Seas Beach. The best trip we had was with Las Tortugas Tours - a dusk thru' night kayaking trip through mangove canals and into the Biobay Lagoon. We didn't want to goto Vieques, so we toured the biobay just off Fajardo, which is reportedly almost as nice.We really enjoyed our stay at the Fajardo Inn - away from the crowds at San Juan, while being close to many attractions.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Jeez... Please do yourself a favor and stay away from this dump. Inn is the last thing a reasonable person would call this place. It is a 1960's hotel with 1960's furniture and the hardest beds on the planet. There is nothing to do and no where to go after dark. I guess there are few choices in the area but either stay anywhere else or go to another town. This post is the best thing I can do for fellow travelers.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>bjboat
<Content>Clean Comfortable Hotel       A room  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>big0wolf
<Content>We will go back to Fajardo Inn! We spent 3 nights at the Fajardo Inn and wish we had more time there. We loved the grounds of the hotel, with the 2 pools and gardens. We liked the food at the Mexican restaurant and the prices were reasonable. This is a great location for nearby beaches. We went to Seven Seas Beach (8 out of 10) and Flamenco Beach on Culebra (9 out of 10). The room we got was clean and large. If we get back to Fajardo, we would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>salmoncake
<Content>Decent hotel There are only a handful of hotels in Fajardo and this is probably the best non-resort hotel. The rooms are decent and clean. The hotel is on a hill and has a big pool and two restaurants. The Blue Iguana has the best fajitas I have ever had. We did the bioluminiscent tour by kayaks (amazing!) with Eco Tours who dropped us off at the hotel. Initially we had a room booked at the Scenic Inn, which is maintained by Fajardo Inn on the same site. The room was disgusting with dim lighting and coakroaches. We asked to be moved to the main inn and they gave us a suite which was of a good standard.Fajardo has only one taxi service which is extortionate on Sundays so hire a car beforehand to get around.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ou home away from home We have just booked our third stay at the Fajardo Inn in the last year. We found it to be very comfortable and the employees go out of their way to help . We are house hunting for a retirement home in th Fajardo area and this location is great. The Blue Iguana restaurant has the best fajitias.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Left sooner than planned When we found this hotel on the Internet, it looked wonderful. When we got there, it was not much like the photos at all. We thought we had booked a room with a view: instead we had a view of a dirt parking lot and construction. Our room looked and felt sparse, empty and unwelcoming. The mattress was so uncomfortable that my lower back ached. Something about the room made us so ill at ease and gave us such insomnia that we checked out in the very early morning hours, two days into our booked four-day stay. The food in the upstairs restaurant is simple and good, not expensively priced. The landscaping is very pretty. The new pool looks nice but the water was warmer than a bathtub. That being said, the hotel was booked solid during our stay, the majority of the guests Puerto Rican families with children who looked very happy there. It just wasn't a good fit for us.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place. After a 4 night stay in Isabella, we spent the last two nights in Pureto Rico in the Fajardo Inn. Our only regret was that we did not stay there all six nights. This Inn is great. The rates are very reasonable and the accomidations are excellent. The meals in the two different reataurants were great. They have a bar and pool room with several Televisions. The service was above par. Everyone was very helpful and friendly. Oh, and the seaview bar has an excllent view of the Farjardo Bay. Tours to Culebra and a trip to EL Yunque are also in the area.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>elba
<Content>very very nice Fajardo Inn, Fajardo Puerto RicoJune 16, 2005tripadvisor member, Mahopac New York WE stay at the Fajardo Inn June 3rd thru June 9th, and we loved the Inn the minute we step off the rental car. The Inn is situated on a hill so you will have a view of the rain forest El Yunque in the distance as well as an ocean view. This place is great if your planning on visiting Vieques or Culebra, two tiny islands on the east coast of Puerto Rico.  There are two restuarants on location One serves typical Puerto Rican dishes, great rice and beans, excellent mofongo ( plantain spicy dish with meat of your choice ), the other serves Mexican food, good Margaritas. The Inn has only two floors, our room was located on the second floor. The room was nice, comfortable bed and soft pillow. It had a tiny balcony. There's no clock in the rooms and theres no elevator so if you have problems going one flight up book a room on the first floor. The pool was great, plenty of sitting chairs surrounded by tall palm trees and tropical greenery. The inn is located one hr. from San Juan. We arrived late Friday in the afternoon so we hit heavy traffic. IF you choose to stay at the Fajardo and are landing in San Juan choose an early flight landing to avoid the traffic. There are great Places to visit in hte near by location. Our main reason for choosing the fajardo Inn was the great Price. We went to culebra island and visited flamenco beach. If you are a beach lover you need to see flamencos waters. Crystal clear with many shades of blue and green. The ferry seaport is located 5 mins away cost four dollars. The Inn gave us great info. They told us to vist Culebra during the week, to avoid larger crowds. We went on a Tues and it was truly perfect. We had a great time Our stay was so enjoyable that we are palnning our next years return trip to Puerto Rico, and the Fajardo Inn is on our list. ElbaSid, New York  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Diamond in the Rough The Fajardo Inn is a baby in Hotel years, but its not suffering from growing pains. The hotel has beautiful architecture with even more beautiful interiors. The hallways that lead to the rooms on the main building are elegance at its finest, they're decorated with beautiful paintings and are accentuated with soft lighting, not something I expected from a little hotel such as this. We stayed on the second floor and all those people aching from the no elevator complaint are just nitpicking, frankly there's about 20 stairs and if that takes the wind out of you, perhaps you should work out. We had no trouble getting our luggage up the stairs due to the fact that we asked for assistance just like the sign by the stairs indicated. The staff was more than happy to assist.The two restaurants, Starfish and The Blue Iguana, while small, are just what the hotel needs. Frankly we've stayed at larger hotels which only had one restaurant and we were amazed when we found out this one had two. (Note: While there we inquired about the Sea View Bar and were told that it was currently under renovations and would open in June) The food at the two restaurants was better than expected. One minor complaint about the Blue Iguana is that they have all these TVs but their volumes are always on mute. What's the point? The only one that had sound was the big screen located behind the bar.There were no activites to peform while we stayed there, but then again they never claimed to have any in the first place so its not a surprise. The location was close enough to all the tourist attractions we went to so it wasn't a chore to go to them. I suggest doing the bioluminescent bay at night, its truly a marvel.Overall, it was beyond our expectations and most of the complaints we read here prior to our visit were unfounded. I wouldn't allow isolated incidents to spoil a visit to this diamond in the rough.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BostonIndian
<Content>Nice Place We stayed there on 3/31 - our first of four nights (see reviews for Trade Winds in Vieques, El Buen Cafe in Hatillo and Marriott Resort in San Juan)The place is pretty easy to find if you follow the directions on the website. The only place it gets confusing is the left turn a few blocks before the hotel (we missed it and ended up at the ferry harbor/port). Had to get directions at the Post office!The hotel - It's a sprawling complex. We had the honeymoon suite. The room was nice and clean, with a refrigerator and A/c. Nice views from the balcony - the ocean on one side and El Yunque on the other.The Blue Iguana had good food... good drinks too.The breakfast buffet was really well priced $7.50 for the quality of food there (everything from fresh fruit to yogurt, danishes, bread, juices, bagels etc)The bulk of the construction seems to be done, so it was not noisy during the entire stay. The new pool at the lower level was amazing in it's landscaping, but was still not open. The upper level pool was refreshing and clean.The staff is helpful. They knew the area. Parking was not a problem either. We actually left our car there since we were making a trip to Vieques and would not have returned till the next morning, and I was not comfortable leaving the car in public parking spots.The ferry is a 15 minute walk from the hotel. Make sure you give yourself ENOUGH time - at least 90 minutes before your scheduled ferry departure if you have not gotten tickets yet (actually I don't even know if you can buy advance tickets). I had to wait 45 minutes at #2 position in line just because all tickets were sold and the ticketing agent was waiting for confirmation on a block of tickets that could be released (hence leading to my assumption that you probably could reserve blocks of tickets)The airport is about 10 minute ($10 for the two of us) ride too.(we took the ferry to vieques and the flight back to fajardo... in case you are wondering :)The bad stuff - we did not have hot water (we had barely tepid/warm) till late in the evening. That was a let down since I had reserved the room because of the jacuzzi. My girlfriend accidentally discovered that hot water's on around 6 PM. So, it was not a total disappointment.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>believeyoume
<Content>Fajardo Inn - a happy surprise The Fajardo Inn is roomy and clean. Above average for the price. When we went, the pool area and grounds were very well kept. Pretty nice view. The hotel can be somewhat difficult to find so you will want to obtain good directions.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Luv-2-Cruise
<Content>Perfect Location (..AND GREAT MARGARITAS!!) Frankly, the hotel room itself is not what you come to this hotel for. There are, however, many many other assests that make it worth staying at while in Fajardo.#1. The location is unbeatable if you are around town to visit El Yunque, Luquillo's beaches, or are going to Vieques/Culebra for a day or a weekend visit (it is minutes from the ferrY and the hotel provides a van for $3/person to take you there, so you don't have to mess with the taxis). #2. The rooms are large and the A.C. is great! There is also a small fridge in the room to keep your water cools, which is a nice plus.#3. The views from the Ocean View rooms w/ small balconies are very nice, particularly when you can turn your head to one side an see the blue/green ocean and turn your head the other and see the tremendous peaks of El Yunque's rainforest with clouds nesteled at the top.and.... #4. Last, but certainly not least, is the GREAT AND INCREDIBLE AND RATHER UNBELIEVABLE Margaritas at the Blue Iguana Restaurant on the property.My boyfriend and I are from Texas, so we've had some great margaritas in our lives.... but, let me tell you, these rival any I've had in Texas or Mexico, for that matter. The food (Crown Nachos w/ chicken and the Tortilla Soup) was great... but what truly stole the show was the Margaritas (and the Medalla beer- the local Puerto Rican beer- is also worth mentioning).All in all, the Fajardo Inn gets 2 thumbs up from us!! We truly enjoyed our stay!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great and getting Better My wife and I just returned on Tuesday from our first trip to Puerto Rico. We spent two nights in the Fajardo Inn and loved it. It is clean, quiet and a good location if you have a rental car. With the car it is 5 minutes to the embarcadero/ferry to Culebras or Vieques. 5 minutes to the Wyndham Conquistador. 10 minutes to the 7 Seas Beach and the Bioluminescent Bay kayak tours at night. 20- 30 minutes to El Yunque. 20 minutes to Luquillo Beach. 1 hour back to San Juan Airport.For $85 a night it is one of the least expensive offered on the Expedia type websites, and they have just opened an impressive new swimming complex.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SZ
<Content>a good base for the area I thought the Inn was a very good value, having paid the same for a lot less in other areas of Puerto Rico. I stayed there primarily to go to Luquillo Beach, to kayak through the mangove at night to the bioluminescent Laguna, to visit El Yunque and to eat at the seafood restaurants in the Las Croabas vicinity. We ate one breakfast and one dinner at the Starfish Restaurant which were good, but not exceptional. You can't compare it to the nearby resorts because it is a modest operation and you pay accordingly. The grounds are beautifully landscaped and tended. We did see two cats while there but were not bothered by them. And the bedsheets did pop off of the mattress. The room was very large and we turned off the airconditioning every night. It was always very pleasant returning there after the day's or evening's activities. If you want something that will entertain you day and night it is not the place to stay but if you want a very nice accomodation while pursuing interests in northeastern Puerto Rico I would highly recommend it  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sambuca
<Content>Super Comfortable Love this hotel. Great price, magnificent views of the ocean and rainforest. Very nice and accomodating staff. Loved the breakfast in the restaurant. The Blue Iguana had awesome food(nice presentations), fun atmosphere, pool tables, it was also nicely decorated. The pool area was very relaxing, never more than 10 people,usually less than 5. We saw the almost completed new pool area, it is going to be outrageous!The only complaint is that the sheets kept coming off the bed, like they were too small. The comforter was pretty badly stained also.Don't stay in the guest houses, they may be $20 cheaper, but it seems like another hotel. Rooms are completely run down. Make sure to stay in the main hotel, and you'll be very satisfied.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Inexpensive Spanish style resort hotel A bunch of travellers were unexpectedly detoured to this inn due to the blizzard in the US. It turned out to be a really pleasant surprise. The hotel is modern, with an open spanish style lobby and styling. The rooms were large and well kept. The pool was right next to the hotel but private and luxurious. Two restaurants and a sports bar inside. The staff was a little overwhelmed by the sudden surge in guests, but was helpful and friendly. It was close to a luxury resort, but much more inexpensive.Please note that there is a small companion building with very spare basic rooms adjoining (the former hotel before they remodeled) called the Scenic Inn which cannot be recommended. Also the surrounding area of Fajardo is a little run down. Still this was a real treat, and I wouldn't hesitate to return and relax!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not stay there again My husband and I go to PR every year to visit family and make it a point to celebrate our anniversary by getting away for a few days. We decided to get a package and stay at the Fajardo Inn for three days in their Presidential Suite View of the ocean is minimal from the room, but I will say the room was very comfortable, with a huge closet, Washer and Dryer included, whirlpool tub that they call jacuzzi, and full living room and kitchen. First impression of the hotel was not the best due to the service of the front desk staff. When the room was given to us, the person did not bother to explain where the room was, and did not offer help with luggage. She just handed us the keys and pointed to the general direction of the room. When we got to the room there was nothing in the room explaining the ammenities or even basic information about the area and the hotel. After trying to get a hold of the front desk by dialing zero and getting no answer, we had to get an outside line and dial the hote's main number. The lady said that we were supposed to have a binder in the room and she would send somebody with it. After waiting 45 minutes, we still had no binder. I had to go to the front desk and ask for a manager, which was not very helpful either. She just apologized and that was it. Our package had two dinners included, and even though the site says that the dinners do not include alcoholic beverages, when we got there we found out that it does not include sirloin, T-bone, or seafood The restaurant staff made us feel very uncomfortable and cheap when asking these questions too. Other than that, the hotel per se is nice.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enchanting My husband and I paid $103 for ocean view one night post cruise on December 13 to visit the bioluminiscent bay. We rented a car and had no problems driving roundtrip from San Juan to Fajardo. We were impressed with the beauty and charm of the Fajardo Inn. Had a beautiful view from our balcony of the ocean to the distant left and lovely plants and the pool right below us. Consistent with a previous Fajardo Inn review, we did find a few tiny ants in our bed the next morning.We drove to the Wyndham El Conquistador, told the guard at the gate we wanted to look around and check out possibly eating at one of the restaurants. He let us in and we simply drove around the beautiful luxurious grounds and took pictures and came back out. Even if you don't pay the price to stay there, I would highly recommend seeing it. However, we were very pleased with our one night stay at the enchanting Fajardo Inn and our wallets said thank you.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly Good: at $65.00 per night, it's very affordable (we stayed in the scenic inn). location wise, it's very attractive: minutes away from Culebra beach ferry, El Yunque Rain forest, Luquillo beach, and the phosphorescent bay. the pool is sweeeeet and plans for a new, much larger pool (with swim up bar) is in the works. in-room a/c units are arctic class. tv offers nice channel selections like HBO, Showtime, and Cinemax. Iguana Bar/Mexican restaurant is terrific. the main hotel and hotel grounds are beautiful. the staff was generally very friendly. Bad: nothing to do! the hotel makes a zero effort in making the place lively. pool and restaurants/bar close TOO early. one, count it, ONE ice machine on the entire premises. NO telephones, clock radios or remote control for the TV, so forget a wake up call, listening to music and/or lying in bed watching tv. the Starfish restaurant (for seafood) is God awful. a little salt and pepper goes a loooooong way. carefull with the towels and room key! $50.00 replacement charge for EACH missing towel, $200.00 for losing the key! Holy S--T! and yes, they make you sign out for EVERYTHING! UGLY: cats! behind the scenic inn lies a cat burrow. we counted atleast 12. they tend to roam freely at night, and are always fighting. room had an ugly ceiling stain (water damage?) and the towel rack always fell off. no attempts from the hotel to remedy both. the awesome balcony of the scenic inn (if set-up properly) is nothing more than a mattress storage space. we found one in the hallway, just next to our door. it's as if they don't care or, its a result of poor hotel management. avoid room number 10 of the scenic inn. all the other rooms have coffee tables w/ chairs, tv stand/drawer combo and ample living space. number 10 looks like a converted closet. the poolside restrooms and main lobby restrooms could use something called a urinal scented cake. cheap and effective. whoa. Summary: you get what you pay for folks! truthfully, i was pleased most of the time. my thing is this: if they have the resources to build a new and impressive pool, then surely they could address the other minor issues. if they got it together, they would be a force in the Fajardo area hotel wars. my experience aside, when in PR, just have FUN!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>adventure523
<Content>excellent A wonderful hotel! The perfect place to stay if you are on your way to Viequez-- right by the ferry station. Clean, large rooms, very friendly staff, and a great restuarant on site. Also a gorgeous location. Definitely recommend it!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great mid-priced hotel! After reading mixed reviews, I was very pleasantly surprised. It's not a 5-star hotel, but it doesn't claim to be. The rooms were clean and spacious. The pool was always clean and warm. The staff was friendly and the food at the Blue Iguana was great. Just beware of Fajardo drivers! We also booked a sailing charter with Captain Mingo on the Getaway and it was fantastic!!! Hotels in PR are expensive - this was a great mid-price alternative!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not eat there My comforter had a blood stain. They came and changed the sheets and put the same comforter on the bed. The Inn and the rooms are nice But they have ant problems. The 2 restaurants they have I got sick from both of them. The first one, the Starfish restaurant I ordered room service Sirloin steak welldone with white rice and beans and side salad and lemonade.The steak came rare and no flavor what so ever, the beans came in a cup that when I opened it had some weird bubbles on top, the salad the tomato and cucumbers,etc were sliced so thinly you could see right through it, the lemonade was good but the cup was so tiny. 20 minutes afterwards I felt so sick I had to lay down. The next day I said maybe I should try the other restaurant the Blue Iguana Mexican Bar and grill I had nachos with cheese,beef,sour cream,guacomole, onions and peppers and got very ill,weak,faint, I vomitted later that night. I called the front desk to tell them I felt very sick from the food in the restaurant and they were very unresponsive. Someone had wrote that the pool is always open all night not true, and the pool is only 4 feet and the bottom of the pool is so rough that you scrape and injure your feet. They have posted signs pool closes at 8.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean Nice Hotel This hotel was our first stop among four hotels. We traveled around the Island and we liked this hotel. We found our room to be really clean with a nice big shower. My husband and I love to night swim and this hotel's pool never closed. Out of the four hotels we stayed in this hotel was the only one that offered this. They have a nice big pool to swim in for as long and late as you like. The hotel resturant the Blue Iguana had nice delicious food and drinks. The upstairs resturant had a nice breakfast, but expensive. But convenient for getting an early start. The staff was helpful and pleasant. We would stay here again for sure.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warming The Fajardo Inn was great, Staff was friendly, Service was great. Breakfast was great.I would reccommed that anyone can give it a try. It was really worth the stay.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great value This hotel was a great value. The room was basic, clean and on the larger size. They are constantly cleaning but there is a musty smell. I think it might be the water. I didn't find that problem in the hotels in San Juan.The staff was expremely friendly and helpful. They didn't charge us for the first night we were suppose to be there but couldn't because of a cancelled flight. We booked the bioluminescent bay kayak trip through them which was the best thing we did in P.R. Swimming in the lagoon was a mesmerizing experience.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ScottandGretchen
<Content>Money well spent We had a very pleasant night here before taking the ferry. Our room was spacious, clean and comfortable with a lovely view. There's a nice pool area and two good restaurants. (Note there is no elevator.) We found our best price by contacting the hotel directly and thought it was a good value. The location is a little isolated, which we liked, but still convenient to the ferry.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wandrerr
<Content>Nice place, clean, quiet Stayed here in March '04. Great place to stay if you plan on going to the rainforest or some of the islands (Culebra/Vieques). It's walking distance to the boats. Not so good if you plan to spend most of your time in San Juan - too far - traffic is bad. Hotel was extremely clean, has two restaurants with great food, pool, nicely landscaped. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Would stay again.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>large clean room Our 2 night stay at the Fajardo inn was mediocre. The rooms are large and clean and the grounds are well kept. We personally prefer places with a little more character. It very much reminded me of a standard american hotel. Our meal at the blue iguana (mexican food) was very good.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nycbunny
<Content>Cute  The Fajardo Inn is a little tricky to get to... make sure to pay attention to the road signs on the side of the road.. otherwise you'll end up at the marina... just as I did. LOL!I was really surprized how well kep this hotel is maintained ( in  out) considering that this is a 2 star hotel. Yes, the hotel has no elevator... but this can be a good thing .. since you may want to shed pounds after all the Puerto Rican food you'll eat!!!! It is fantastic ! The pool is sparkling blue.. The view from the hotel is amazing .. to the west ..you can easily see El Yunque.. and the misty clouds that surround it .. and to the east the Atlantic. I stayed in a basic room that overlooked the pool, and the only complaint that I have is the mold scent that came from the a/c unit. Just ask for lysol from the room steward and you'll be fine. The room is spacious, and it included cable.. which is nice! The room service for breakfast was speedy.. and the food is delicious! There is no extra fee for parking which is always a plus... and yes.. rent a car!!!! The staff is so friendly, and never hesitated when I had a question. It's the Boriqua hospitality that makes the Fajardo Inn charming ! If you can afford the Conquistador .. go for it ... but if you want the best bang for your buck stay at the Fajardo Inn.... They are only 10 minutes apart .. but you'll be saving much more at the Fajardo Inn!!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No elevators at this Fancy Inn!! My husband and I stayed May 20th. Place is clean and the room was large. We were put on the second floor and discovered that there is NO ELEVATORS and if you have heavy luggage, well good luck sprinting up those stairs. That is the only complaint we have. The less restaurant fancy restaurant had really good chicken flautas. Great female chef! The views are spectacular from your balcony window.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place to stay We spent 3 nights here after coming back from BVI. We wanted to find a place that was out of the tourist area. This was it. Spacious, clean rooms. Ours had a balcony with an ocean view. The staff was very courteous, although I didn't get much information from the guest services clerk. The two restaurants were ok. The Blue Iguana is standard mexican fare and quite tasty. The Starfish, which served a more continental fare, was a disappointment. If you're into shoe leather, try the snapper... There are several other restaurants in the area. You should definitely visit the Westin Conquistador, a short drive away. It's the largest resort I've ever seen (14 or so good but pricey restaurants)  
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sweet and charming The Fajardo Inn is moderately priced and quite charming.They are constructing a 4 lane swimming pool this month but even with the work going on everyone was very pleasant. The restaurant was also quite pleasing.We will definately stay there again.  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A quiet getaway  The Fajardo Inn is a real quiet place to stay. Yes you do have to sign out for things but that is normal. When I payed at check-in the lady was very pleasant and after she took my money was not rude. I left my most valuable item which was my wedding ring and was crazy looking for it. After I realized I had left it in the night stand in my room I was almost arriving to San Juan so I called the inn and spoke to a manager and assured me they would call me after they verified. I thought my ring was a goner when I received a call that indeed they had my ring they had it sent out to me it was problaly that same day. The thing is that if it were another place I would problaly not had seen my ring ever again. But I would definitely recomend the Fajardo Inn not just because it's a beautiful place but theres honest people.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staff is pleasant until they receive your money.... My friend and I chose the Fajardo Inn on our last night on the island because of it's proximity to Fajardo Beach, the phosphorescent bay, the ferries to Culebra/Vieques, and it's view of the island. The reviews about how the staff are rude and ration out bath cloths/towels like you are in prison.... were right on. There's no elevator and because the building sits on a hill, 2nd floor rooms are a real climb. I must say - the idea of the Fajardo Inn far surpasses what you actually get. Staff is pleasant until they receive your money (which is taken at check in).... then they show their true colors. The upper staff are on a power trip and don't hesitate to let you know. The inn is overpriced for what you actually get, even moreso since it is at least 40 minutes from San Juan and the airport. Also, when you check out - be sure not to leave anything in your room. The hotel will hold it hostage and take their time letting you back in to get it for you. We found that out the hard way. Never have I been treated so poorly nor had so much trouble to check out of a hotel. My favorite part of my stay at the inn was relaxing in the pool and being 5-10 minutes away from the beach. If staying in Fajardo, I would recommend looking for a different place to stay. I know I will next time.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>scenic it isn't i stayed at the inn in fejardo. I stayed in the scenic inn which was a little less expensive but there was a price. The most annoying thing was a feral cat colony that resides in the adjoining lot and feeds off the dumpster and well-meaning guests. It was disgusting (unless you're a cat lover). Other than the cats and the dumpster, there were the chickens and roosters, which i at least found amusing (and a convenient alarm clock if you have to wake up early.) The rooms were spare but you do have access to the rest of the facilities, which are calming and comfortable. There's a nice pool and a pleasant veranda. The eating (and drinking) facilities are good. And when your in the neighborhood, check out the Golden Bagel for an excellent local breakfast experience.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The main inn is beautiful, but the desk clerk was dreadful I have seldom had more bizarre treatment by a hotel desk clerk than our experience at the Fajardo Inn. We had reserved a room via the Internet at The Scenic Inn, the lower-priced inn next door to, and run by, the Fajardo Inn. Our rate was $60 for two people. When we picked up our rental car in San Juan, we had picked up a brochure for the Fajardo Inn, printed only in Spanish, that advertised rooms for $55. We could only translate part of what the brochure said, but it looked like it should be available to us by the dates printed on the brochure. Upon check-in, I produced the brochure and asked the clerk for the advertised rate, but he said that the discounted rate was not available on weekends. We accepted that and went to our room in The Scenic Inn and found that the air condtioner had a sign on it not to use it and to see the desk clerk. So we went back and the desk clerk acted a little put out, but he did change us to another room in The Scenic Inn. This one was huge and had a working air conditioner, but it had a television set that only received one channel and it had a ridge on the cement floor that one could stumble on (it must be where they removed a wall that was there at one time). The room would have been tolerable at the $60 price, given the overpriced nature for the qaulity of what you get in Puerto Rican hotels in general, if I had not realized at that point that it was not in fact a weekend (it was Thursday) and so we should have been given the $55 rate in the brochure I had picked up (unless the real reason it was printed only in Spanish was so that the offer would not be available to us Gringos). I went back to the desk clerk and told him that I had realized that it was Thursday. He insisted that the offer was not available on weekends or holidays. (This was not a language problem - he was quite fluent in English.) I said, It's Thursday. This is not the weekend and it's not a holiday. He disappeared into the back and talked to someone and came out and said that the $55 offer was only good for a room with one bed in the main inn and not in The Scenic Inn. I said that that would be fine since we only needed one bed and the rooms in the main inn were much nicer than The Scenic Inn anyway. He disappeared in the back again and talked to someone and came back out and said that he was sorry, but the system was down, so he could not tell if there were any rooms available in the main inn. When we persisted that, surely, he could tell if there was an empty room without the computer, from the keys or the registrations or something, he said that if we would wait an hour until the system came back up, he would find a room in the main inn, and then come and inspect the room he had given us in The Scenic Inn and, if he found that we had not used the bathroom or the sheets, he would switch us to the main inn. At this point we were pretty sure that he was just jerking us around so it was becoming a challenge, and since we wanted a beer anyway, we went to the bar and had a beer and then went back to the desk when the hour was up. He said it would be 10 more minutes before his system came up. We said that would be okay, that we would go get our bags from The Scenic Inn if he was sure he was going to have a room in the main inn for us. Some miracle must have occurred just then because he could suddenly punch stuff into the computer although the system was supposed to be down, and he was able to tell that there was in fact an empty room in the main inn. When we appeared with our suitcases, he did give us a key to a room in the main inn, but he said that he could not give us the $55 rate instead of the $60 rate we had booked at, and that we would have to see the manager in the morning if we wanted the $5 difference. Once we finally got to a room in the main inn, it was beautiful - all gleaming white tile and perfectly clean. We never did go back in the morning to try to get the $5 discount the brochure promised - we were just grateful to have gotten out of the dumpy Scenic Inn and into a nice room. The room in the main inn was terrific by Puerto Rican standards, especially in the under $100 price range, which seems to be pretty universally dumpy throughout Puerto Rico. But we sure had to work to get them to deliver on what they advertised in their brochure that we picked up in the rental car agency.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elizabeth073
<Content>Horrible Treatment from the staff!   showReview(1547125, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful and exc. service   showReview(1536976, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fajardo Inn Very Nice!   showReview(1490387, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the Honeymoon suite, definitely.   showReview(1275798, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They Almost Get It   showReview(1072117, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ruined Wedding   showReview(932517, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fair hotel   showReview(834611, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A charming inn!   showReview(792621, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Value Plus Friendliness   showReview(727040, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The Food at the Fajardo Inn is GREAT!   showReview(521978, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bacevedo
<Content>Que buen compartir !!!   showReview(11046797, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>AZTIN
<Content>Disgusto de familia   showReview(8123768, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>debbie24rx
<Content>Injusto check in       Piscina  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	2	5	5	

