<Author>lovetotravelTX
<Content>Very Nice Hotel After seeing this hotel during a tour on the cable car, we walked in to see if they had any rooms available for that night. They told us they were completely booked and if they had any rooms, they were $229 per night. We then went outside and used my husband's phone to call Hotels.com. They immediately booked us a room in this same hotel for only $119.00. It was a very nice hotel and a beautiful view of downtown San Francisco. It's not something I would do all the time but nice for one night.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Dragonfly972
<Content>Hey - were you born in a barn??? We stayed at Park55 for NYE. The room was very nice, clean and comfortable. BUT, what the heck is up with people slamming doors all night long??? I have stayed at some really nice hotels in my day, and Park55 is what I consider a nice hotel. Great location, large clean room, attentive staff, nice views, etc. . . but one thing they have not conquered is how to design a hotel room door that does not slam to the point of rattling the walls all the way down the hall. I think I lost a molar at one point. We were located at one end of the building, in a little alcove, so I thought we were pretty secluded. BUT NOOOOOO. . . . all night long. . . BAM BAM BAM. . . And, to save the hotel 100% responsibility for this, have the people that STAY at the hotel not figured out that if THEY shut the door easily, it won't slam ??? Think about it the next time you travel.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SanCarlosGuy
<Content>Pleasurable Parc 55       Parc 55 Hotel Room View  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AndyT_UK
<Content>Highly recommended We stayed here around our 30th wedding anniversary. We had a Club room next to the Executive Club Lounge with complimentary cold buffet breakfast and evening hors d'oeuvres. We didn鈥檛 have a car, and the disabled entrance is in the parking bay which I thought a tad odd, though a reasonable compromise. Quite often, I would tell my wife to go into the main entrance, while I dashed around. As a disabled person, the whole infrastructure at San Francisco was the best I have ever encountered anywhere in the world. The room was huge and exceptionally clean comprising of a kitchenette (with two types of fully stocked coffee makers), dining and living area, and two bathrooms. The views were excellent and we didn鈥檛 really notice any noise either from traffic or from other guests meaning that the walls were well insulated. A request for a fridge for medication was responded to within 15 mins of arrival. All the hotel staff were very amicable, especially the executive lounge hosts and the doorman who was full of information and always very helpful. The only criticism is that checkin was quick in our case, but we often noticed queues of around 5 -10 mins. Not really an issue for us as we only needed to go there on arrival and departure. I highly recommend this hotel if staying at Club Level and want to be close to Union Square. We would certainly not hesitate to book again.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>girlygil
<Content>Great location, service needs work For room a city view room with 2dbl beds spitting distance from Union Square and SF Center at under $140/nite, you can't beat this place. The hotel is just steps from the cable car turnaround on Powell, and directly across the street from the entrance to the new Westfield mall. While this is not a luxury upscale type of place, it is a good value for the money. With newly renovated rooms, reasonable rates and it's convenient location right off Union Square and directly across the street from the Westfield shopping center - this was the perfect hotel for a holiday shopping weekend in the city. Despite it's small size, the newly renovated rooms are pretty comfortable and very clean. Carpets are all fresh and clean, bathrooms were all clean with the usual basic amenities, and our room on the 23rd floor had a great view of the city, with glimpses of the bay winking at us between the skyscrapers. There's not much in terms of restaurant/bar scene in this hotel, but your just steps away from some amazing restaurants and bars right outside the hotel. Do not expect bellmen to help you with your bags, they seem to be few and far between, or even for the front desk to get your room billing correct - we had a snafu with them refusing to put room and tax for the three rooms i reserved on my bill, even though i'd specifically requested they not show the bill to my guests 3x - but what can you do? Breakfast buffet in the hotel is serviceable, but really, for $20pp you can get an amazing meal just right outside the door of the hotel. The lone bar in the hotel seems to close down by 11pm - but again, why stay in the hotel when you're in SF? Good value and would probably stay again.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>worldtour94
<Content>This hotel sucks!!! Not only does this hotel have horrible service but the noise from outside can be heard all through the night (even on the top floors).  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Eilth
<Content>Good Central Hotel A good city-centre hotel. Close to the cable car, tour buses, shopping, cinema etc.Good size rooms with a huge bathroom. Hotel is used by a lot of the airline staff (BA etc) so it must be decent!Make sure you leave plenty of time for checking out as it can get very busy and there are only a few desks.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>kaitheguy
<Content>could be better.... it was not perfect i tell you!they had great deal on parking package, and that's the reason i chose this hotel over others.when i entered the room, it was not bad, it's smaller than i thought, but we are in SF rite.i found those things are not acceptable when i stepped in the room1. cigarette burnt towel2. stained bath tub3. HUMAN HAIR ON THE BED! Which is very very very disgustingi called the for housekeeping, waited for quite a long time.but the service was nice and quick.the other thing are not acceptable are:1. really bad tones over the phone (one is jenny and one i forgot)2. takes long time to pick up the phone3. concierge is almost never there (and that's wat i need)the hotel is old, but not that bad, some are not nice, but the valet people are polite compare to others.the location is great tho. very close to every major shopping places, and close to union square (but seriously there are not much things to do at union square, seriously!)after all, it was not a bad trip.oh it has a sofa bed (single size) so if u wanna save money and crush with friends, u can do that  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	4	2	3	

<Author>niklev
<Content>Love, love, love this hotel! This hotel is fabulous....location, excellent! It was beautiful, clean, well-staffed and felt ultra upscale without an ultra upscale price. We had the most gorgeous view with enormous picture windows on two side of our room. It felt wonderful to come home to at the end of each long sight seeing day. Will definitely stay again on our next trip to San Fran!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Sassyfitz
<Content>Great Hotel, Fabulous City! My husband and I stayed here as part of our honeymoon. The location could not be faulted, really close to Union Square and the Trolly lines. We arrived a little later than planned due a flight delay, so just ordered some room service, and I've never had such delicious French Onion soup in my life!The room was great, the staff were all very helpful and pleasant, and we had no complaints what so ever!Would love to stay there again!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>billybastings
<Content>Location Location Location Stayed here for a week after a cruise. Location was perfect as close to Union Square  easy access to all local transport. A few pan handlers in area as close to the Tenderloin but no concerns about safety. The hotel itself would not win any beauty contests as quite bland (apart from the bedrooms) but very comfortable and clean. Reception staff were always very friendly, allowed us to check in at 8am and also upgraded us! Busy hotel and particularly popular with airline staff. Before arrival I had concerns about excess noise as had read previous reviews. The hotel had provided ear plugs which I used on occasions because I'm a light sleeper. I didn't have any problems with noise.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>water7996
<Content>Great location, nice hotel We stayed here in early November after touring CSUSF with our 17-year old daughter - wanted to get a little shopping in while in the City. This is a nice hotel - the rooms are spacious, nicely furnished and clean. The shower was one of the best I have found in California. The staff was friendly and the price was reasonable too, but the location is what it's all about. Directly across the street from the Westfield Mall (Nordstrom, Bloomies, and hundreds of others), the cable car turnaround is steps away and Union Square is just two blocks up. It's right in the middle of the best shopping in SF. We are returning with friends for Christmas shopping and a night on the town - rooms are $99 starting on Dec 18. We've stayed at many of the hotels around Union Square over the years, and this is one of the best.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>kdeely
<Content>Great location  Spent 2 nights here in mid-November following a friend's recommendation. Wonderful location in the heart of downtown a stone's throw from the Cable Car terminus. Walking distance to great stores, restaurants and convenient to all of the major attractions. Rooms were clean, modern and extremely comfortable (our view from the 26th floor was magnificent!). Concierge was extremely helpful and staff very accomodating. Excellent value for the location (about $140 per night plus tax). Highly recommend.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dec105
<Content>Good value in downtown SF       Parc 55 Hotel  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>AJChicago
<Content>Would definitely stay here again! The hotel is in a great location (right next to union square) and it's easy to get to. The rooms are spacious and have a great decor. We upgraded to the Club Level and were able to get free continental breakfast every morning. The staff were very friendly and always helpful. The only complaint would be the price of parking at the hotel, comes to about $51/night with tax but the valet staff is very attentive. We definitely enjoyed our stay and the hotel was a good deal for a large city.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>nutbass
<Content>Ruined Our Anniversary!! :o( We would like everyone to know that this anniversary weekend was completely ruined by the hotel and it's staff. How anyone stays there is beyond me with that kind of service and complete disregard for their guests well being. There are many things that I have listed that are completely the hotels fault and responsibility - I left a comment card and information regarding the concerns we had in the comment box in the lobby. I will go to all sites of reservations and let them know exactly what the hotel has done and not done and how it completely ruined our weekend. This weekend had been planned in advance and special request for a romantic anniversary was made and not delivered. Instead we were treated with disrespect and discourtesy. Not only did we not receive one apology for the hotels mishaps but we were treated this terribly from the moment we stepped foot into the lobby to the time we checked out this morning! * 11/14/08 arrived at hotel with itenerary in hand and the woman at the front desk did not have our reservation.*we were booked in a deluxe view room with a king bed, and they had booked all those and took that room away from us and gave us a standard double queen room with a view that seemed smaller!* once she found the reservation (5 minutes) she gave us the two room keys to room # 2520* we had been driving a while and were thirsty so we went to the hotel bar on the 2nd floor = when we asked for the check the waitress stated that our names were not in the computer and gave us someone else's name on that room number 2520.* we walked up to our floor 25 and our room 2520 and when we tried to open the room it would not allow us to. we were confused and tired and had to go back downstairs to get a new room?? a new key??* when we came back downstairs there were several people in line which we had to wait for 15 minutes to get a key and new room.* when we were helped the woman (a different one this time) did not really apologize and just said something that the original agent must have made a mistake and gave us our new key to a new room #2570* when we finally got the right room number and room keys we went up to our room there was absolutely nothing in the room that indicated that it was our anniversary or any special items left for us to enjoy... there was even no refridgerator!! It had been stated in the original booking that it was our anniversary and to make us a more romantic weekend - but not one happy anniversary or anything!*I came down around 3am to talk with a manager because I figured there would be no wait at the front desk. the night manager said that I should mention my concern to the daytime manager and also mentioned that booking with expedia you are not guaranteed your original booking... which I thought was completely absurd - shouldn't the hotel take good care of every guest - no matter who made the reservation???!?!!?!?*while staying on the 25th floor we got thirsty for a sprite - so I walked down the hall and put 2 dollar bills and one quarter ($2.25) for a sierra mist out of the vending machine and the money was stuck - so I called the front desk as referred by a hotel staff that noticed this, I called and was rudely told that I would have to come downstairs to the front desk and ask for a refund and you don't think that's sort of an inconvenience?? I would have bought a soda at the store if I had known there would have been such a problem!*for an evening of trying to make a terrible weekend turn a key - we decided to stay in and get a bottle of red wine to enjoy while we watched the view. I called to have some Kim Crawford pinot noir, it was listed in the menu in the room, I called room service and was told that they don't have that wine but they had Chalone pinot noir and that the bottle price wasn't listed but that it would be $40.00, when the bill came with the wine it was 55 dollars and was never informed what the $15.00 overcharge was for. Overall I would never recommend this hotel to anyone and would give very bad reviews to where ever we can to let people know that we were guests but were made to feel like outcasts at this Parc 55 hotel!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>jenquack
<Content>Brilliant location, excellent hotel!       View by night from our room (24th floor)  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jw263
<Content>Great stay at convenient, well-priced hotel. Just returned from a two-night stay at Parc 55 Hotel in Union Square, San Francisco, CA and it was wonderful. The hotel is very conveniently located: from the SFO airport, we took the BART to Powell St. station (~45 min) for $5.35 one-way and the hotel was just across the street as we exited the station. The desk staff was very friendly and efficient--it took 5 minutes to get our room. Once upstairs, we were pleasantly surprised. Our room w/ king-size bed was nicely sized and everything from the carpet to the furniture looked clean, modern, and tasteful. We were on the lower floors so there was no real view but ample sunlight in mornings nevertheless. The bed was comfortable and the towels were fluffy, relatively new (old towels are a big pet peeve). An attendant even stopped by 20 minutes after we check-in to make sure everything was okay with our room. Hotel prices were as expected for 4-star hotel. Internet access was $12.95/24 hrs, room-service continental breakfast $16.95. My only (minor) concern with our stay was that the hotel's surrounding area could be pretty noisy at night (something the hotel acknowledges given the provided earplugs). It didn't really bother us but those who may have trouble should consider requesting a higher floor. Being in Union Square just off Market Street, the location was as convenient one could get in San Francisco for tourist and business-types. However, convenience can attract all types of people so definitely keep wits about you, especially at night. Overall, this hotel was a great value and experience. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>calikid12
<Content>Clean and Beautiful We stayed here for a romantic getaway and show in the city.Location can not be beat...We went to the Warfield for a show and walked the 1 block back the room after.Had a room on the corner of the 25th floor. Panoramic windows on 3 sides provided breath taking views.. Room was super clean and the bed had like 10 pillows for you to choose from. Staff was very friendly.Hotel is large enough that taxi service is never a problem. Valet parking was $50 a night but thats the price you pay for valet in the city. All and all great stay. We also used AAA membership for slight discount.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>renophilly
<Content>Above and Beyond Just spent a week at the Parc 55 and it was incredible! Great location convenient to many types of transportation, food in the immediate area was abundant and incredible, the service was top notch, from the valet and bell staff to housekeeping and all the behind-the-scenes folks who made it such a wonderful experience, and I must compliment Maria and Ericka at the front desk who made great customer service seem so much a part of what they do that one wonders why all establishments cannot make it work as well as the Parc 55. We absolutely look forward to our next visit!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bedhog
<Content>Convenient, Clean, and Elegant I stayed here on October 30, 2008. I had to go to the San Francisco airport the next morning, and the hotel was conveniently located near the BART station in Union Square (ticket to the airport was $5.30 and takes about 30 minutes). The hotel was elegant, and very clean. My room, which was located on the 10th floor was luxiourious and spacious. There was a little sofa in the room, and the bedding was really nice. The bathroom was spacious, clean and stylish--with hairdryer and nice toiletries. Overall the decor of the room could be described as classic-modern. There was LG flat-screen 46 TV. The one thing lacking in the room was a coffee maker and coffee/tea.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>101pathfinder
<Content>Nice Place My wife and I stayed for two nights for our 20th annivesary. Unfortunately we arrived later in the evening and were confronted with a long check-in line as a busload of Turkish doctors or something had just arrived. Half an hour later we were checked in and headed up to our 28th floor room. The room was very nice with a decent view mainly of buildings, but nice nonetheless. We had access to the Concierge lounge on the 31st floor and that was nice too. There were some small issues, like traffic noise (on the 28th floor, no less!). I knocked on our window to make sure they were glass and not plastic! The beds were a little hard for our tastes, but not too bad. The long wait at check-in when we had been traveling all day, but really not the hotel's fault. The parking fee for two nights was pricey, but convenient, and we only waited a few minutes each time we needed the car. And the concierge was pleasant enough, but could have been a bit more helpful on occasion. On the plus side the hotel was convenient to public transit, the rest of the staff was very nice, our room was clean, the TV was nice, and we appreciated the basic food offerings of the concierge lounge. Overall a pleasant experience. Would explore other options before staying here again, but wouldn't be against the idea either.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>NMcNam
<Content>Good Location and large room Stayed her for 5 nights in one of the newly renovated rooms. Very nice large room which was well serviced and cleaned each day and had a very comfortable bed. Only drawback in the room was they seem to have lost the keys to the safes in the room so you would have to use facilities at reception for any items needing safekeeping. The hotel is very close to Union Square, cable cars and Powell street station where you can catch the Bart to the Airport for $5. We didn't eat here at all as there are so many places nearby better value. We had a lovely meal in the Daily Grill and you can get reasonable priced breakfasts in Lefty O'Dowls beside there. There is also a good bakery beside the hotel with bagels, sandwiches etc.I would stay here again but only if I was assured a renovated room.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	2	

<Author>lunasey
<Content>Not Four Stars - Location only saving grace Not great. Good location is the only good point really. Prices for copies and room service are outrageous, even for San Fran. Customer service isn't horrible but could use improvement. Things were often broken or disheveled. Floor plans for rooms and lobby are not flattering. Not four stars.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	2	2	1	

<Author>s2miller123
<Content>Don't stay at Parc55 Making our reservations more than one month out, we called to verify and found they had us arriving a day later than planned. Arriving early we understandably found our room not ready and were asked if we could come back in approximately two hours...we did and our room still wasn't ready. As a solution to the problem Parc55 gave us a similar room which was so hot that it was unbearable even with the air conditioning on. To there credit they were able to switch our room when a complaint was made. Overall I was very disappointed in this hotel. For what was paid I would expect much more than what I could receive from any roadside Motel 6. Rooms are lacking the basics. No microwave. No refrigerator. I'm not asking much, but when paying $200 dollars a night, I would expect more. Bathrooms are small. Wall paper is bubbling in areas. Outlets are old, faded, and dirty. Not what I would expect from such a luxury hotel. Next time I will stay at the Hilton across the street.The only positive is that the staff seemed to be helpful when asking questions or addressing complaints. Parc55 is also central to downtown. Unfortunately for Parc55, this experience will not find me recommending their Hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	3	3	

<Author>dubsyd
<Content>Excellent Location, Huge Rooms Huge Rooms with amazing panoramic views of San Francisco. Was great to look out the windows in the evenings of our corner room.Check in, no King bed available so had to change the second day. Replacement room was only Queen size bed but the room was huge and well maintained. Separate closet and dressing area that lead to large bathroom.The location could not have been better. Powell street BART station, Cable car to Fishermans Wharf and cable car down to Castro area all on your doorstep. Also only across the road from huge Westfield Shopping Centre and close to Union Square shopping and dinning.Staff were ok. Cabs easy to get outside hotel lobby. Would definitely stay at this hotel if going to San Francisco again, as long as the price wasn't too excessive.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	2	3	2	

<Author>Almond66
<Content>Great Location for Shopping I've stayed here before and knew it was where I wanted to stay for some quick shopping. Very convenient to Nordstroms, Macy's, Bloomingdales, and other various shopping experiences. My check in and bellstaff experience was fine. I paid a bit extra to stay in an executive room. I asked for a quiet room and it was wonderfully quiet. Climate control wasn't great but I didn't call for any help with this. Rooms are a little dated but very comfortable. Nice flat screen, nice bathroom, comfortable bed. My only complaint, is the executive lounge was substandard. I went for evening dessert and there were some cut up brownies that looked pretty Costco. Coffee, Tea, Honor Bar. Not comparable to other executive lounges. The Concierge one evening made it very clear for everyone to hear that he hated American women. I'll stay here again, but not at the executive level unless someone else is paying. Only caution, when you walk in the other direction of Market its a pretty bad neighborhood.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	2	4	

<Author>worldtrippersLondon
<Content>Centrally Located When we arrived at check in we were informed that there weren't any rooms available for the booking we had made and we were asked if we would be happy to stay in a twin room. I said politely that if they didnt have the room we had booked that we should be upgraded. The receptionist excused herself for 30 seconds and came back and said that we would be upgraded to a Queen City View Room for no extra charge, and apologised for the inconvienience.When we got to the room it was large and spacious. We were on the 25th floor and had the best views. I would recommend staying higher up to avoid the noise of the traffic. The bed was extremely comfortable and the bathroom was as big as the room.We had already read the reviews about the extortionate valet parking so parked our car two blocks away at payforless for $20 a night, without any problems.The hotel is centrally located to the shops, is right near the cable car terminal and trams leave from opposite the hotel. If I went to San Francisco again I would probably stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RebelRanter
<Content>Central Location, Good Standard Could not get more central than this, well maybe Westin Hotel Union Square, but that's just being pedantic! Central location next Powell St Station was handy but there was a concentration of bums across the street form hotel which is a bit unnerving when you first emerge from train station. However the hotel is of good quality, busy hotel with a lot of air hostess  pilots constantly checking in and out! Seems to the airlines hotel of choice! The homeless people you will realise are not really a particular problem any more so then other parts of San Francisco.The bed was comfortable, room well appointed. The staff seemed to be very busy but not unfriendly by any means.Would recommend this hotel if you want to be centre of the action, cable car, Bart (subway), F line Street car (tram)  many buses, Union Square, major shopping areas all literally steps away.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	2	

<Author>thomd
<Content>Decent stay overall My wife and I stayed at the Parc 55 Hotel reluctantly at first. We wanted a spot near Fisherman's Wharf, however the hotel we originally booked was beginning renovations and all other hotels in that area were booked. Parc 55 and Union Square seemed the next best option. The location is great, it's less than a block to the Market/Powell cable car turnaround. All of Union Square is convient as well. However, the other side of the hotel seemed kind of sketchy. Our room was a standard king bed room on the 17th floor. The view was great as we overlooked all the skyscrapers in San Francisco. The bed was comfy, flat panel TV was a nice touch, and the bathroom was spacious and nicely appointed. The only problem I would point out is the noise. My wife and I live in a small apartment on a busy street so we are used to it, but I did notice that you can hear people in the rooms around you quite clearly. Also, despite being on the 17th floor, I could hear the traffic outside (along with the bell rining from the cable cars). Again, we are used to the noise so it was no problem for us, however I can see why some people may be bothered. The staff was more than friendly and helpful. They even allowed us to check in 3 hours early (we just drove 4 hours from Yosemite and badly needed to relax and freshen up before exploring the city). Parking is expensive, but that is to be expected in the city. Same goes for room service.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>MrArthur
<Content>So-so Parking here is overpriced, considering a fairly lengthy wait to collect the car from the valet service.Hotel Internet access is incredibly slow. Rooms are reasonable, although last stay I had a staff service corridor behind one wall, with staff banging trolleys into the wall repeatedly (enough to jolt the bed).Bell-staff are downright rude. I got asked to make sure I left the handle to the suitcase up in future (because it's so much effort for them to do, obviously). I couldn't find my luggage receipt and was in a hurry; they said There are too many bags to look and didn't intend to let me have my luggage back. I pressed the issue and they let me point to my luggage in their storage room. Not sure if they expected me to just give up and let them keep my belongings or not, but they sure gave that attitude. -10 out of 10 there.My second stay here, and the Hertz counter still never, ever had anyone working there. (Avoid booking anything to pickup/drop off at that hotel from hertz, but that's another story).  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JFH2008
<Content>Excellent stay Had an excellent stay for 6 days on 31st executive floor. Corner room with great view from GG to Market street (sunrise and sunset). Very clean, perfect room maid. Perfect service in the executive lounge on 31st floor. HSIA included in rate, working perfectly. Large flat screen tv set. Bathroom okay but nothing extraordinary. Some noise from the windows - would need to be renewed. Only missed a fancy, young bar.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sunshinebois
<Content>Perfect location My partner and I stayed at the Parc for 3 nights in late August. Love the location and the hotel although being remodeled at the time was in very good condition. Check in was quick and smooth. Loved the room. Very comfortable bed, great shower. The hotel is close to all the great downtown shopping and restaurants. Also there is a small bakery right outside the door for a quick breakfast. Across the street is a BART station and very close to the Cable Car line for a jaunt to fishermans wharf.My only complaint was the cost of internet in the lobby - I believe it was $5.99 for 20 minutes-I bit too steep for me! There is a sports bar and an asian restaurant on premises.Overall a great experience.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>SimonW6
<Content>Central hotel in San Francisco Excellent location in down town San Francisco, right next to Market Street and where cable cars run from. Only issue is noise of police sirens at night: kept us awake despite being on 20th floor, maybe we were unlucky.Children really liked breakfasts there, though quite pricey.Rooms have everything you'd need given you are staying in a downtown locationSimon  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LondonDilly
<Content>Great hotel!!! My husband and I stayed here in early september, this is a large busy hotel, a short cable car ride away from Fisherman's wharf. We had a room on the 17th floor, we had amazing views of the city. The rooms are of a high standard, I would highly recommend this hotel if yiu are looking for a good location and high standard room.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravellerOnBusiness4
<Content>A very bad experience This is without doubt the worst hotel we have EVER stayed in. And, i've stayed in over twenty hotels inLA and SF this year alone.So what was wrong?Firstly, they completely messed up our bookings, this was their fault, as they admitted, not ours. But the treatment we then recieved by their counterstaff was unhelpful and downright rude.At 1.30am in the morning we were still arguing for rooms, which they eventually gave us. But, without telling us, one of the rooms was on the smoking floor, which simply wasnt acceptable, even in emergency for someone who has allergies. We felt decieved and it was too late to do anything about it.There was no help in getting our luggage from the taxi to the reception and we had to stack and wheel the luggage cart ourselves. No porters were working. When they did find one to bring the cart up to our rooms, a Fed-ex package that had arrived for us to be put on the trolley taking our luggage up simply disappeared (!!)The only helpful person, who actually semed to care, in the entire hotel was the bellhop!It took until 3.30 the following day for them to sort out the rooms properly and then they failed to transfer the luggage from one room to another as promised.On requesting a delayed checkout by an hour we were informed that there would be a large charge for this - despite the previous failures of the hotel in our booking.I have one main comment - staff here just dont care. They are officious, rude and inept and everything takes at least a minimum of eight hours to process. Even simple requests.For this mess, we have recieved no apology, and for certain, will never stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	1	1	4	

<Author>LadyAmanita
<Content>Awesome, I would go back any time I decided to book this hotel when I saw a really good deal for it on Expedia.ca, and I'm glad I did.I asked for a room with a view, and initially was a little disappointed that I was on the 10th floor- I had wanted higher. But the fact that my room had a balcony helped make up for that. Being able to stick my head out the balcony for fresh air was really nice.Location-wise, this hotel can't be beat. It's right near the BART terminal, Cable car turnaround, and several major bus routes. It's also a quick bus ride or reasonable walk from the ferry building, and there is A LOT of shopping nearby. The infamous tenderloin district is also nearby, but it's easily avoided, should you choose to do so. There's also lots of places to eat nearby, everything from fast food to fine dining. For a non-driver, you just can't beat the location.I found the staff to be extremely courteous, helpful, and friendly- everyone from housekeeping to concierges were wonderful to deal with. My second night there, I booked a massage, which took place right in my hotel room. I am not sure where they get their therapists from, but the lady who worked on me was great.-FYI- massage therapists come in from outside the hotel, they're not hotel staff. This hotel's main clientele seems to be conference attendees and flight crews- as a guest, you will see lots of flight attendants, pilots, and others in the lobby, sometimes at odd hours.One thing I cannot appreciate enough-Even though I looked different from this hotel's usual customer base due to my distinctive wardrobe of handmade custom clothing, I was never made to feel like a less valuable customer. Hotel staff always treated me kindly and professionally. No looking down on happening here.Something else I appreciate- the hotel is trying to do its part for the environment, so they don't automatically change the bedding and towels every single day. They've got signs in the room explaining this- if you want a fresh towel, leave the used one on the floor. If you want to re-use it, hang it on the rack. Want a change of bedding? Place the provided sign card on your bed when you go out for the day, and they'll change the sheets for you.I would most definately go back to this hotel for a future visit, or recommend it to family and friends. Thanks in no small part to a wonderful hotel staff, my stay in San Francisco was truly awesome.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>liveforvaca
<Content>Great Stay, Great Location!!! Bit of delayed response, but finally have some time on my hands. My fiancee and I stayed here for 3 nights over Valentine's Day weekend and had a great time! We got the room at a bargain rate ($100 per nite) off of priceline! If you don't know about booking through priceline, you need to learn about it. I do it whenever I can now!!! One of the best things about this hotel is the location! It is literally right above the BART station and across the street from the F Street Car stop! We took the BART from SFO and didn't need a car our whole trip. Checking in was a breeze. For those that have booked through PL, you know you need to sweet talk the counter person to get a good room. After making some small talk, we ended up with a high level room w/ 1 king bed and a GREAT VIEW!!! The bed was very comfortable and the room was a very good size! I would also like to mention that the sports bar they have there has really great munchies! Get the wings and calamari! Like I said before, the location is fantastic! Walk 3 blocks up, you are in Union Square. Cross the street to the F Car or the Cable Car and you can anywhere you want! Would definetly return, even if I have to pay a little more!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>aamcgol
<Content>Nice hotel - but took a little griping to get things right We booked our 2 queen bed room on Expedia for a family of four. When we arrived after midnight for a guaranteed late arrival, we were told our room was not ready, but that we could go to the hotel across the street for the night and come back the next night. We declined and (nicely) asked for the room we had already paid for. They offered us a king bed and a cot. We declined and (nicely) asked for the room we had already paid for. Eventually they agreed to offset the cost of our stay for our troubles and quickly made up a 2 queen bed room for us. It was quite comfortable - and ended up just fine in the end.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>sergepereira
<Content>nice location, large rooms, but that鈥檚 it because VERY NOISY First of all I realize it is difficult to find a good hotel in San Francisco for a good price. I paid around USD 200,- (taxes included) for this one and as the hotel is not that new, the room internet and parking could be much less expensive) Stayed here for 6 nightsPositive:- good location (next to the shopping area, union square, market street, trams, cable car鈥?- pleasant and nice people at reception and at the reservation desk when calling- a lot of elevators (so you never wait too long to get one)- a bit expensive as the hotel is quite old- Burger King just across the road (convenient when travelling with kids)- good bed lining- lat flat screens (in new rooms)Negative:- very very noisy (even when on 17th floor and above), you can hear the police and ambulance sirens as if you were sitting in it (I than understood why there were free Quies ear plugs in the bathroom :-) : because of the bad thin windows - very big hotel (more than 1000 rooms), therefore always very busy and crowded. I know some people do not like it- bathroom not cleaned very well (a lot of hair found everywhere etc 鈥?- no safe in the rooms. The hotel offers a safe room (like in banks) but the problem is that you better be very well organised as you have to queue each time at the reception between the people check-in in/out to have access to the room- valet parking is not very well organised and very expensive (above USD 45)I would not specially come back to this hotel or recommend it to friends but again hotels are very expensive in S.F. Also be aware, that not all the rooms are renovated !!!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	2	4	3	3	

<Author>WineTool
<Content>Good location, nice rooms, helpful staff. My wife and I booked this hotel for a night out in San Francisco. We booked two rooms: One for ourselves, and one for our sitter, who was watching our young kids while we were out to dinner.LOCATIONIt's centrally located, close to Union Square. It's easy to get to. It's not the greatest neighborhood, but it's not all that bad, either, unless you're accustomed to living in one of those places where you never lock your doors and everyone, um, looks the same. I wouldn't hesitate to stay in the area again.ROOMSOur room was nice. It was adequately sized (a little small with two beds, but not cramped). Our sitter scored the excellent room: When we checked in and mentioned that she would have our kids for quite a few hours in the evening, they upgraded her to a deluxe room that was huge. She had plenty of room to entertain the kids without going completely bonkers.The beds were very comfortable, the bathrooms were nicely appointed, and in general the decor was pleasing. There was no minibar/fridge in the room, which was disappointing, but not a big deal since we were staying just one night. The room was quiet, which is always a plus.AMENITIESThe hotel lobby itself is fairly small, but there's a lobby bar upstairs that looks nice. (We didn't have time to linger there, unfortunately.) Other common areas were clean and well-kept.The workout room was rather large by hotel standards, and in good condition; I managed to get a decent workout in. We ordered room service for the kids and sitter; the food was good and service was prompt. Mind you, we were ordering for kids, so I don't know how good some of the more complicated items are.In general, the hotel had everything we needed for a one-night stay.STAFFStaff was very good - as good as or better than that of other SF hotels we've stayed at. The treated us and the kids very well. Reception/front desk staff was particularly helpful. Bags were deliverd and picked up promptly, and we didn't have to wait long when our car was brought around.Since we'd already made all of our plans before arriving, we didn't use concierge services, so I can't comment on that.MISCELLANEOUSParking was outrageous, but you expect that in San Francisco. Still -- ouch.SUMMARYWe liked it, and would stay there again. We paid a significantly reduced rate through Priceline, and it was an excellent value. We had no problems, the staff was helpful, the upgraded room was a nice surprise, and although nothing stands out as particularly excellent, it's a nice place to stay.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>coachj14
<Content>Fairly Decent Stay I took my wife to SF for our third anniversary becuase she always said she wanted to go there. Having been only a few times and not really knowing the lay of the land, we chose to stay at this hotel based on reading other reviews and realizing that this area was ,at the very least, not one of the places to avoid.We purchased a flight and hotel package from Expedia, so I am guessing we paid about $230 a night for the room. As I understand it, that is a decent bargain for SF hotels. On the basis of that price, I would recommend this hotel. However, I wouldn't ecpect it to be anything special.In the past, i have stayed at the W and thought that was a great hotel. This isn't the W. But for the price, it isn't a bad stay.The Hotel is large. The lobby isn't grand, but who really cares. The employees aren't the friendliest, nor are they particularly helpful. However, I found that to be the case for most San Franciscans anyway. Even the people who live here will tell you that the people are cold and rude. I would agree, but having parents from New York, it didn't faze me.The room is a basic typical hotel room. No fancy furnishings. No extra special amenities. One thing I found lacking was a safe, which would have been nice to have. Another thing it lacked was an interface on the TV for checking your bill or checking out. I found that odd. Finally, it had an internet connection, but you need to have your own laptop to get it it and that was inconvenient. Normally, I am not much for using the internet on vacations, but I found that having it in a place like SF is necessary for making reservations at restaurants and pulling up directions to things before you head out. Needless to say, they charge you $13/hr for it anyway, which is rediculuous. They should provide that for free. The bed was a bit uncomfortable, as it is a cheapie and is very bouncy. Everytime my wife woke up to go to the bathroom, I woke up and vice versa. They also don't provide very nice blankets - typical foamy blanket. I will say that I was SHOCKINGLY SURPRISED that the sheet was a FITTED sheet, and not a flat sheet that comes off the bed at night. That was the first time I have EVER seen that. All hotels need to do that.I would suggest that if you do stay here, you get a floor up high like we did. It was very quiet for a noisy city.The location was fairly good. It is right across the street from the BART, the cable car turnaround [which goes up Powell], and the F line [which goes to Embarcadero and Fisherman's Wharf]. After touring around most of the SF downtown,I can say that this area is probably the better area to stay in. Fisherman's Wharf is definately not the place to be [tourist trap], and other areas don't seem to be in places near stuff. This place is near a lot of things, or is near the transportation that gets you to everywhere.Overall, I would recommmend staying here for this price. If you pay more, then maybe try elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	2	2	

<Author>Sammyt27
<Content>Great Central Location I picked this hotel because I got a good deal on one of the travel websites. I wanted to explore the city outside of Union Square but I stayed here due to their easy access to public transit- the BART station is about 50 steps from the front door of the hotel.I also chose this hotel because it was one of the few in SF that didn't charge you to use the gym ($10 to $15 a day to use a gym for a few days adds up!). The gym had new equipment, lots of cardio machines, and was clean. Each cardio machine had its own TV- better than the view outside the window, which is a view of the side of an old building. Overall, the stay was above average. I was on the 10th floor- I wish I had asked for a higher level or a courtyard room as SF is a very noisy city- I think sirens in this city go off 24 hours a day and are 10 times louder than normal sirens! Luckily, I brought my own earplugs but the hotel provides you a pair in your room. Don't stay on the 5th floor- that is where the gym was and so there was alot of foot traffic there!I had booked a room with a king bed but they only had a room with two doubles available- luckily I am short because they are small beds! I did not have a fridge in the room, so the only way to have cold bottled water was to buy one for $2.75 from a machine on a different floor! There was one drawer for your clothes, so be prepared to leave all of your clothes in your suitecase. If you like to unpack your things like me, you may have a hard time with that. I thought this was odd, as the TV stand could easily have been both a TV stand and a bureau with drawers as other hotels have. The hotel itself was clean and housekeeping was quick to respond to my requests when I needed their assistance a couple of times. If you can overlook the no fridge, small beds, and no drawers, the location can't be beat!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>elleh11
<Content>Okay, but a bit expensive We stayed one night over the labor day long weekend.The hotel was fine. They let us check in early (11am), but couldn't give us a late check out. The room was clean and most of the hotel interior is new. The decor is pretty tacky.All the staff were friendly and the work out room is pretty well equipped and not a bad size.I think overall it was a bit overpriced for what it is (and the fact that there isn't a pool). Location is central, but getting a bit close to the bad area.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Raggy123
<Content>Good location - tytpical city hotel We spent three nights at the Parc 55. Very impersonal as most city hotels are but there was just something about it that did not endear you to this hotel. It was fine for what we needed - excellent location. Took the BART from the airport and it is nearly on the doorstep. Great location for all transport and seeing the sights. Room was fine however a little pokey for family of four and the double beds were very small. It was noisey and the people in the room next to us had the TV blaring until 4 a.m. - just what you need when you have completed a long haul flight and have been up for nearly 24 hours! There was no help getting through the door from the bell staff even thought we each had a case and rucksack - they just watched us. We picked up our hire car (dollar just round the corner from the hotel) when we were leaving San Francisco but heard that the parking was extremely expensive and a bit of a nightmare.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Adomvatik
<Content>Bargain Deal ! We were a party of 3 adults, in a two double bed room. Price was great 212$ per night including tax. (relative to other hotels from same class). Room was nice, with all the amnities you need. The hotel is located an walking distance from Union Sq, adn othe SOMA attractions!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>BadmintonNeil
<Content>Nice Hotel - Central Location We stayed in the Parc 55 hotel for 4 nights during mid July; on arrival we were talked into upgrading to a Club Room which included breakfast in the club lounge. Our room was on the 25th floor with views over the city Overall the upgrade was well worth the money.The hotel is very well positioned being close to the BART, cable cars and local transprort. Its very close to major shopping areas - our teenage daughters particularly liked Forever 21 clothing store situated 200metres away. There were a number of vagrants in the area, and indeed in San Francisco, but generally they were harmless and usually polite.We found the hotel of a high standard with pleasant staff and would not hesitate to go back there.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>UliPhuket
<Content>The worst hotel during our trip       View from room 2809  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>HelsInTheSun
<Content>Very Nice Hotel We arrived at the Parc 55 Hotel after a long drive from Los Angeles. Check in was fast and efficient and as we walked into the main lobby we were suprised at how grand it looked.The room was lovely and spacious with two large queen beds. We had our towels changes every day and the place and room spotless.The location of the hotel was great as it was only a couple of blocks away from Union Square. The cable car stop is only a few blocks away too and within walking distance.While you are staying in San Fran, you must go to Alcatraz, it was actually the best thing about San Francisco. We managed to see the whole city in two full days, but that was not done at a leisurely pace! Also, the Golden Gate bridge was spectacular and Longbard Street was cool too. Visit Pier 39 to see the sea lions and look round the shops and attractions. The only thing I didn't like about San Fran was the amount of homeless people on the street. Me and my friend wanted to go out for a bite to eat one evening and no sooner had we left the hotel and walked a couple blocks, we were harrassed by homeless people. I am usually confident in large cities like this, I have been to many places, but I have to say that in San Fran I felt very uneasy. We ended up getting a subway sandwich and eating it in the hotel room!! This was a shame as we would have loved to have sampled the food in China Town etc but as two young women, we did not feel safe at all.The hotel was lovely though and if they could pick it up and put it in another location it would be ideal. If I decided to go back to San Fran (which I don't think I ever will, but never say never) I wouldn't stay here as a loan female or small group of women. The only way I would feel safe is if I went with my partner or in a large party.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	2	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>californiatrip
<Content>Great Hotel and Location Great Hotel very central for sightseeing. We booked a club room thinking it would be big, but it was quite small compared to other places we stayed in. Everything was great except for breakfast, which is served in the club lounge on the top floor(great view), but unless you are early it's a bit of a bun fight and the quality was not great. The canapes and desserts offered at other times of the day as part of the package were great.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>mobi11
<Content>fast lifts This is a smart hotel with slow checking in service. Close to Macy's for shopping. We had a room with two double beds , but the beds were very small for double beds.The hotel is used by lots of airline staff and the information desk was very helpfull for maps and sightseeing info.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	1	2	1	

<Author>pgb2
<Content>Delighted Stayed here at start  end of a two week trip to California. Eight nights in all. The hotel is in a great location, just outside the BART station, with a direct train to-from the airport. There is a lift from the station up to the street. The area around the station is a bit seedy with a lot of down-and-outs but no hassle experienced. It is a good spot for shopping (Westfield Centre across the street  Union Square area up the street a couple of blocks). Cable car turntable is just along the street. Powell-Hyde route is best - but busiest.The hotel was spotlessly clean. The rooms were excellent. There are 30 floors, some great views over the city.I see in petthekat's review that Maria on reception gets a mention. She also sorted us out. When we came back for our second stay, one of our rooms did not appear on the register  the hotel had overbooked (apparently it does this a lot). But Maria sorted it - we got 2 rooms on the 29th floor reasonably close to each other. Luckily we had arrived at 4 p.m., I don't know what would have happened if we'd arrived at 11 p.m. One gripe : the hotel charges $15 a day for WiFi. We stayed in 5 other hotels in California and none of them charged.I would definitely stay here again and would have absolutely no hesitation recommending it  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>Ms_KP
<Content>Basic and good location This hotel is really well located - it's next to a BART station so it's easy to get to and from the airport without having to get a cab; it's one or two blocks from all the great shopping at Union Sq; it's around the corner from the cable car; it's walking distance to some good bars/restaurants. Getting to Pier 39 was no problem as it's just a short cab ride away. China Town is also walking distance - about 10 minutes or so as long as you don't mind walking up steep roads! It is best to get a cab to go to Golden Gate Bridge - and get their number so you can call for a cab back as it can be difficult to flag down a cab here!The rooms are well equipped with the basics. We booked a standard room which was compact but prefectly fine. Rooms are clean. The bed is big and really comfortable. The bathroom could do with an update as they are really old. It's not a fancy hotel, so if that's what you're looking for don't stay here. However, the hotel does have lots of pluses, location being one of them and which is why we chose to stay here.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Geraint Jones
<Content>A good choice in San Francisco Stayed with my wife and daughter for 2 nights on our first trip to the USA and it was a good decision. The only downside was that after booking a club room I was told on arrival that the club rooms were being refurbished and we were given a standard room on the 26th floor. We weren't given the correct club key cards and had to exchange them on day 2 at reception to get access to the club lounge where we had an excellent breakfast on our last day.Fantastic views from the club lounge.The hotel is very convenient for all the attractions such as cable car,shopping,restaurants etc - Why does anybody stay at Fisherman's Wharf?(Blackpool with an American accent!!) as the center of the city is much more varied.Had a light meal in the bar/dinner called Barley and Hops and it was fine with friendly staff.The other night we had a chinese meal across the road from the hotel which was fine.The weather was cold,foggy and damp - as Mark Twain said 'The coldest winter I ever spent was a summer in San Francisco!'  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>petthekat
<Content>great rate, service and location I booked this hotel for a trip with my aunt. She is notoriously picky, so i was concerned about negative reviews, but the location seemed ideal. Everything was great. My desk clerk, Maria, went out of her way to accommodate me. I had special requests and she worked diligently to accommodate them.We were given a corner room with fantastic views. It was clean and recently updated, with great bed linens. My main concern was other travelers comments about the noise level. If you live in a city, noise is common. It's part of city living. I felt this hotel was quieter than my home, but i live in the city. If you are a suburb kind of person, noise will be an issue in any city. There are adjustable vents at the bottom of the windows that are loud if left open. Otherwise, my stay was quiet.The bellmen are great. They will get you a limo to the airport for the same price as a cab.Overall, i would not resitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>buzzkill1974
<Content>Just ok, Front Desk needs retraining Requested a high corner room in February through the hotel website for my August trip to San Francisco. Front desk was unaccomodating upon check in. Checked with them every day of my six night stay and they were not able to honor my request. Staff with few exceptions seems cold and unapologetic. Location A+ (get the muti-day Muni pass)Staff D- Customer service training neededRoom C- Clean but Average, AC did not work properly in room, bed ok but not wonderful, three oversized pillows uselessExtras C - Business center will let your print a boarding pass for your return trip for free, anything else costs per page with internet access $10.00 for 20 minutesOverall C- Location is the key with this property. Service is lacking and upgrades bring them to about the year 2000. Not impressed and will stay elsewhere next time.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	1	3	3	

<Author>Kaahele_wannabe
<Content>Always a nice stay I've stayed at the Parc 55 several times since 1996 and is continually a great place to stay at a very reasonable price. The location is also fantastic. It's right off of Market, near Union Square and very close to public transportation - Muni, trolley turnaround and BART. The rooms are modern and comfortable. Stay in a room on the higher floors for great views and request to stay away from the elevators if you want a quieter room.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>runandbehappy
<Content>Shockingly, A good experience My husband and I were a little nervous about staying at Parc 55 b/c the rates were so low. (we paid only $120/night) All the reviews on trip advisor seemed fine, and by the pictures it looked to be a nice hotel. They were right! The hotel was recently renovated, and so all the furnishings were up to date and very nice. It seems like it was an old Hilton or Hyatt that was bought and updated. It's not the 'boutiquey' hotel you typical see in San Fran, but it was a very nice and clean place to retire at night. We would highly recommend it!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>pjdc8082
<Content>enjoyed my stay at the Parc 55       Club Room  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Mercboy
<Content>Plain Vanilla, Overated The room itself was OK, but here are the downsides: typical deceptive pricing: get them in the door with a cheap quote, and then charge extra once you got them: Internet (per computer) $5 Aquafina water, $50 per night parking (the attendant lied at check-in about neighboring options. Unfriendly service at check-in and concierge desk. Just completely uninspired. OK value, if you expect 3 star hotel in good location.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>herbkim
<Content>Better Options Nearby Stayed here recently for a couple nights in mid-July 08 based upon the highly positive TripAdvisor feedback.OVERALLThe Parc 55 is ok. It's not terrible and it does the basics fine. However, if you're expecting a nice hotel I recommend you look elsewhere. In particular, checkout the Intercontinental San Francisco which is only a couple blocks away offering similar pricing but a much nicer and new building, decor and rooms.THE GOODVery central location. Express checkout.THE BADThe broadband in this hotel was shockingly slow. Remember 128k ISDN speeds? That's what I was getting in this hotel. Totally unacceptable for a business traveler.The hotel is just plain dumpy. Decor in the lobby, halls and rooms is ok but not nice.Overall, it's an ok value but I do believe better options are nearby for similar pricing. I'm unlikely to return.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	3	1	

<Author>SLCMoneyMan
<Content>Nice Renovations! We stayed here a couple of years ago as well and I must say the renovations were very good. The rooms and lobby look great. Bed, pillows and bathroom were excellent. I didn't seem the upgraded flat screen TV had high-def though. The price compared to comparable hotels was as low as I found. I had a little trouble with the hotel reservations that told me that they were not interfaced with the online reservations and it was a hassle each time I found a lower price and wanted it matched. In the end it was straightened out. Be sure to check the price on various websites even after you've booked to see if they drop as ours did on two occasions. Great location. San Fran really has a homeless problem with panhandling out of control. Be aware you will get a lot of that near this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>mistyt
<Content>great two years in a row I would like to give the Parc 55 credit for being a nice place to stay in SF. The higher floor view rooms are wonderful. This is one of the nicest bed and linens in a hotel that I have found so far.I would suggest that you try to get breakfast outside of the hotel, it is too pricey for what you get.Also, one needs to be careful in the area. The hotel is very close to some unsavory activities. The staff can and will help you with that though.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>joshkspa
<Content>Great place, worth every penny       shower  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NikoNZ
<Content>Best Location in San Fran I have stayed in a few hotels in San Fran, and this by far was the best. Great location, right in Union Square and heaps of shopping and restaurants close by. Tram stop just across the road. Only 30min from airport, $17 by shuttle. Pay for the upgrade: I paid a little extra ($20 or so a night) and got the Large King suite, with access to breakfast, desserts and more. Well worth the extra. This suite was HUGE.Would highly recommend this property.There are the odd homeless person around neighbouring buildings, but where isn't there in San Fran. Unlike other areas I have stayed, I felt safe here.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Scapegoat512b
<Content>Pretty good, but for goodness sake, take care of the little repairs!       View from the 26th floor window  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>bmfc1
<Content>Above Average--Good location but nothing fancy I stayed at the Parc 55 for a work conference. The conference facilities were above average and the banquet food was excellent. The hotel is good and worthy of a visit even though there are undoubtedly finer hotels in this beautiful city. The location is convenient to excellent shopping, across the street in the Westfield Mall, and transportation, in a light rail line, the BART, and the famed cable cars. Numerous museums, including the excellent new Contemporary Jewish Museum, are less than a 10 minute walk away. The hotel's sports bar was needed to view games not available in the room and it was very nice with a friendly staff. The room is nice, but not overly fancy or well appointed. Oddly, there is no dresser. There is a flat screen TV but no HD channels were in the lineup and the reception was very poor. Internet access is an absurd $12.95 a day and was very, very slow (a call to the help desk was worthless). The lobby is nice and the fitness center very well equipped. If you need the concierge, double check the advice: my wife asked for directions and received bad advice.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	1	

<Author>TBegay
<Content>Great hotel in a great location Paid 115$ for each night thru a special on their website and for that money we got every penny out of it. Nice comfortable beds..great shower quite rooms and a great location. Check in was quick and they gave us a corner room on the 16th floor so we had a 2 window veiw of the city and only 1 neighbor! Like any facny hotel you pay for everything from 40$/night parking to 4.50 for bottled water. We parked at a lot down the street 2 blocks for 20 bucks instead. I helped a couple who spoke only Italian with their mixed up reservations and the front desk gave us free breakfast which was REALLY REALLY nice. The breakfast buffet was fantastic and I would recommend it but I have no idea what it costs....free to us :) Would absolutly stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pepdawg33
<Content>Totally disappointed My friends and I were beginning a trip from LA to Seattle with San Francisco being the 2nd night. We chose the Parc 55 through Priceline and were excited to get a pretty good deal with naming our own price. We normally stay in 2 or 3 star hotels, and were excited to try a beautiful 4 star hotel! After our flight was delayed, we arrived at the hotel late and checked in, only to walk in to a room that was already occupied, with the occupants in bed! After returning to the front desk, we got a new room but no sincere apology for the mistake and were disappointed once we were settled in. The rooms with two beds are very cramped, the windows were broken and we had to keep the shades drawn the next day because of window washing. The bathrooms have horrible lighting and almost no ventilation. I believe the fee for internet access was around $15, and although they did offer two large bottles of lukewarm Aquafina in the room for $4.50 each, there was no mini-bar or refridgerator. The beds were comfortable, but it was a little gross to find long blond hairs on the bedspread in the morning, considering that everyone in our party is a brunette. Also the fee for parking with tax is $50/night which we thought was pretty steep. All in all, we were disappointed with our stay. The location is OK, but definitely not the reason to stay at this hotel...... as far as the rest of the trip, we stayed at Ramadas and other common hotels where the rooms were clean and spacious, with amenities like free internet, parking and fridges. We ended our stay at the Westin in Seattle for two nights, and I highly recommend it. Try the Westin in San Francisco.....you'll be happy you did!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	2	1	

<Author>JaxAnn
<Content>Above average, good for the price My review is somewhat late, my girlfriend and I stayed there last Thanksgiving 2007. But I've been meaning to write since then. You get what you pay for, but Parc 55 offered a really good rate which was well worth it...you'd pay the same price staying in a 3 star and I'd say the hotel was well above a 3 star and a little below a 4 star. I'm only saying that because the furniture and decor were a little dated and somewhat worn but it added to ambience and the hotel and room was very comfortable. The hotel is centrally located and walking around the hotel I thought it was in a central location and felt safe to walk the city. With that being said, I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>gottagettabreak
<Content>Great location, spacious room Very convenient location in the city; catch the cable car less than half a block away. Our room had recently been remodeled. Very spacious. Great bedding. Bath nicely done. Only complaint was that noise (just normal conversation on a phone) carried too well from the room next door, via the connecting door (which we weren't using, of course). Fortunately, our neighbor went to bed at the same time we did, so no sleep was missed. Struck me as odd, though, that among the amenities provided in the room (nice soaps, coffee, etc.), there were earplugs! Fortunately, we didn't have to use them!Would book again!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AlistairCoy
<Content>Great Location We found out that this is the Crew Hotel for a number of airlines and in my eyes, that is a good recommendation for somewhere to stay.The location of Parc 55 is excellent - right on the edge of Union Square and a stone's throw from the start of the cable car.A big and bustling hotel but it delivers everything that it says on the tin.Would happily recommend as a good place to stay in San Francisco.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>RobMichelle
<Content>Perfect location, great hotel!!! This is the perfect location for seeing all of San Francisco. We had never been and the concierge was extremely helpful. We could walk or take a trolley almost anywhere. Pricelined for $115, it was worth $250. Parking was expensive ($45 per day).  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>wakenswimmin11
<Content>Wonderful Stay I booked this hotel for one day to go into the city for my birthday. When we got to the hotel we booked a view room, but when the reception found out it was my birthday, they upgraded me to the club rooms which was nice. The club room comes with access to the club lounge which you can get appetizers, desert, and breakfast. The overall hotel was nice, our room was on the 29th floor and we had an amazing view of the city. If you are going to stay here (which i recommend) then I suggest you book the Club rooms because they are much nicer. When you walk into the hallways of the other floors (not club) the walls are very plain and boring. But when you get into the club rooms. you have nice wood pannels. Overall this hotel was very nice and a wonderful birthday stay!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rchasewms
<Content>Perfect Family Stay in SF We had a perfect stay here on our family vacation to SF. The hotel is in a great location--next to the cable car turnaround (buy the 3-day pass) and a block off Union Square with shopping my teenage girls only dream about. The concierge was particularly helpful, giving us great restaurant recommendations (not the same old tourist traps) and getting us preferred seating at a very popular rooftop restaurant overlooking Union Square (which made for a perfect last night in SF). The rooms were clean, roomy and best of all had a great view of SF. We stayed on the club level which is a great value as it included a lovely breakfast (Starbucks coffee), snacks and dessert, and just that added space so all four of didn't have to be in the room at the same time. The Hertz desk arranged to have our car brought from another location to the hotel so we could begin our drive down the coast. I'm an experienced traveler (Million Miles on Delta) and it is not easy finding a good hotel for a family with two teenagers without buying a second room. This was a perfect hotel. Be sure and take the Alcatraz tour (book ahead) and we loved the Movie Tour that shows you clips of dozens of movies made in SF while you visit them. We saw more on that tour than on the double decker bus tour. Pick up at Union Square convenient.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>AnnaFlighty
<Content>Loved my stay!! I stayed at the Parc 55 for 5 nights in September. Upon arriving into San Francisco (for the first time), I caught the Bart Train (Bay Area Rapid Transport) into Powell Street. I got off the train - walked upstairs and out the doors - There was the PARC 55. A 2 second walk across the street and I had reached my accommodation. This was very convenient for me as I was traveling alone at that stage and was a little worried about being in such a big city (well, bigger than Auckland that is!!). I need not worry at all. It was in good proximity to Union Square and also the Powell Street Tram (turnaround just over the road) as well as local restaurants  bars. Good shopping in the area too! I ended up walking down to Fishermans Wharf (took around 45 mins and a few steep hills) but was really nice! From here we rented bikes and biked over the Golden Gate Bridge !!! That was fun. I recommend this property to all of my clients for convenience reasons. It was well furnished (Modern) with a bit of a few of the bay!! Was a tad on the expensive side at the time we went as it was peak time due to a conference in the area but I liked it and would definately stay here again!! I did not thing my room was run down in anyway and wasn't concerned at being on a higher/lower floor at all!!! Loved it!!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jibichae
<Content>Excellent I stayed there with my friends one night after having stayed at other 4-star hotels in the area on previous nights for a conference. What a difference!! Everything seemed new/or newly renovated. The decor was simple and modern. The carpet was very cush. I don't understand some reviews complaining about water spilling on the floor blaming on the shower curtain lining as we did not have this problem (and there were 3 girls sharing the room!). Yes, there is a $14 a day for internet if you choose to use it, but that was the case in every other hotels that I stayed at. The best thing was the well-equipped gym free of charge! They even had fresh fruit. The treadmill and the elliptical machines were new and gym-quality.I would definitely stay at Parc 55 again.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>alexaBoston
<Content>Yuck Disappointed in my experience here - a hotel trying to compete with luxury chains that just doesn't get it.-- Booked a room with a view on a high floor. Got a room on a low floor. They didn't bother to refund the difference ($40/night) until I asked.-- Booked a non-smoking room and it stinks of smoke.-- Service is mediocre -- nobody answers at the front desk. Though some individuals try to be helpful.Overall I would not recommend.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	2	2	2	

<Author>OlimpiaPR
<Content>Excellent Hotel Good location in downtown San Francisco. We booked by Expedia and the price was significantly cheaper than the one in the hotel website. The room was big and clean and had a great view. The valet parking is extremely expensive ($50/day).  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>DGGG
<Content>Great buy for Location  Wonderful location to enjoy the vibe of Market St and Union Square shopping. Steps away from Powell St Bart station and bus/street car stop. Friendly/efficient front desk staff, bell staff, room service staff and housekeeping staff. Comfortable rooms with fresh air access. First rate bed linens and comfy beds. Rooms under going some updating, otherwise, existing rooms/baths still very serviceable. Been staying here regularily for a number of years and never disappointed. Book directly with the property via their website or over the phone for best rate and don't hesitate to ask them to match other major travel website rates if those are cheaper.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>mrmark
<Content>Great Location I recently was in San Francisco for a couple days after some business in Palo Alto. I booked Parc55 based on trip advisor reviews. It is a great hotel just off Union Sq. It is a large hotel, with marble etc in the entrance. ITs a really busy hotel too and a lot of airline staff seem to stay there. I requested a room high up and got one on the 28th floor. It had a pretty decent view. The room itself was spacious, a king size bed which was comfy, and a decent sized bathroom. The only negative about the room was there seemed to be some A/C vent or something outside which made fair bit of noise, but they supplied ear plugs so I slept like a baby.Its about 1 min to the Powell mason street car, and BART/subway, 5 mins to Union Sq, all the major shops are nearby. I payed $145 a night and I think I got a great deal. Would definitely stay again  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>goheels_99
<Content>Nice Room, Nice Location, but a Bit Noisy I was in SF for a 5-day conference and was booked in the PARC 55 by our travel department. The front desk staff was very friendly and booked me in a nice corner room with a great view of the city. The room and bathroom were a good size and very clean. The hotel is in a great location - 30 yards from the trolley and right across the street from a huge mall. The walk to China Town and the Moscone conference center were not bad either. If we needed to go somewhere further (Fisherman's Warf, etc.), the bell staff was able to hail a taxi within 2 minutes. The bar/lounge area on the 2nd floor was very relaxing and the wait staff was attentive. The only negative I could find (at no fault to the PARC 55) was there is ongoing construction at the building next to the hotel that starts EARLY (6 AM PST) and can get pretty loud. I'm pretty sure the hotel is aware of this issue as they have placed earplugs in everyone's room. Otherwise, the stay was pleasant and I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carrliadiere
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Stayed at the Parc 55 for five nights this month, at the end of two weeks in California and Nevada. First impressions on walking in: amazing! A huge lobby, bustling with people and activity. Had to queue to check in, but it only took about ten minutes. Check in desk was fully staffed and everybody was polite and helpful.Room was fantastic! Paid for standard room on Expedia, and we got a corner room on the 7th floor, huge room with a massive bed and enormous bathroom. 32 flatscreen TV and coffee making facilities (which seem to be rare in the US) topped it all off perfectly.Tried out room service on the first night, and it was seamless. Was referred to by name on the phone, they knew exactly who I was and which room I was in without asking, taking away a lot of the awkwardness associated with room service. Food arrived in 15 minutes and was very good indeed.Tried out the hotel bar, which is a fabulous setting. Great service and ambience, although I think the same piano music every night might get to the people who work there eventually.Only blip came on check out, was billed for $350 when I had paid for the room outright on expedia. The woman at the check in desk I spoke to about the bill was quite curt, didn't offer any apology for the huge and erroneous bill, and merely handed me a new bill for the room service and drinks. This is a momentary blip though, as the service in general was first class. Concierge was helpful, bell service worked perfectly, and I was completely satisfied with the hotel in general.Highly recommended, especially at the great prices expedia are offering!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>craignsandra
<Content>Parc 55 is a great hotel I was pleasantly surprised, the rooms were big, the service was great. Everyone was very eager to please. We had a room on the 29th floor with a great view, the morning breakfast was great for a light snack to start your day. It was convenient to have Hertz right there, and the concierge was knowledgeable and gave great service. The lounge was nice for relaxing and having a drink at the end of the day, very comfortable. I would definitely stay again, we got a great Internet rate for around $125, the best bargain we've ever got traveling for a wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Travelinsider
<Content>Nice Hotel, Few Issues Nice hotel, generally clean and well maintained, although somewhat dated. Excellent shopping location, although beware, the Hotel borders on what is refered to as the tenderloin district. Straying the wrong way out of the front lobby can be a scary proposition. Keep in mind though, that otherwise, it's a good location. About 25 yards from the lobby is an underground entrance to a very large nice mall. Near that entrance there is a large food court in the Mall with plenty of selections of really good reasonably priced food (not the normal mall food court food, would even suggest it for dinner if you are on a budget). Cable car is one block away. The front desk checked me into a room that was already occupied - that has never happened to me before, and it should NEVER happen. Fortunately, I heard them in the room before I entered. When I was given a new room, the keys didn't work. The front desk checked me in a third time which worked. I was concerned because that third time the clerk tried to get security to meet me at my room to make sure everything was OK, but she couldn't reach them - I never did see them. Room was relatively clean, although I noticed a thick layer of dust on the bathrrom vent and behind the bedside table when looking for an electrical outlet. They have an excellent workout room, with plenty of great well maintained equipment at no extra charge. Nice view out my room.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>smacthayer
<Content>Too Much Noise While I agree that the location for this hotel could not be better, I had major issues with noise during our recent stay (Memorial weekend). We got a good deal on the hotel's website ($127 per night for two double beds). However, upon check in, we were placed on the 5th floor, facing Cyril Magnin Street. Even with the earplugs in place that were so thoughfully provided, we could hear street noise. Fire trucks, police cars, motorbikes, and yelling reached our rooms. Then, at 2:15 a.m. on Saturday, we were awakened by a group of drunken guests making their way back to their rooms. Nice! No fault of the hotel, of course, but just added to our annoyance. On Saturday evening, we were entertained into the wee hours by a prom that was taking place in the 4th flloor ballroom. Nice of the hotel to advise us that such an event was taking place. My husband had to call the front desk and ask when the thumping rap noise might cease. I would have gladly paid more for a higher floor had I been advised of the noise issues and the party. The room was OK. Decent size, clean, nice bedding, comfortable beds, good sized bathroom with very good water pressure, very prompt maid service. No fridge, lousy coffee maker, no key for the in-room safe. I would not stay at this hotel again. I prefer the quiet and super comfortable Orchard up on Bush. You pay more, but the rooms are a delight, breakfast is included and you get a really good night's sleep. Had dinner at RG Lounge, a must in China Town (reservations advised) and also at Hyde Street Seafood Cafe, a very good place for fish. Good value, good service, on the 28 bus line and the Hyde Street cable. Walk back down the hill after dinner for exercise!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>jclittle94
<Content>Excellent Hotel and Location This hotel is the perfect location...half block from the Cable Car turnaround, great coffee shop next door, bank across the street walking distance to Union Square and a half block from Market Street. Check in was fast, concierge was a great help and the rooms were nice and clean. No worries about parking since valet handles all that for you. Couldn't have been happier. Access to the hotel was right off the freeway and easy to find. Will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shelma
<Content>Great hotel, excellent location! The reviews are right, the location of this hotel could not be any better. You are surrounded by everything you need. It is located 1 street over from the cable car line and BART station. The is a mall one street over and the hotel is surrounded by numerous stores of all varieties, all within walking distance, if you enjoy shopping. For dining there are 2 restaurants located on the 2nd floor of the hotel or there is a Burger King and a Carl's Jr directly across the street if you prefer fast food. The hotel offers a nice 24 hour fitness center on the 5th floor. The staff is very friendly. They normally charge additional for 2 queen beds instead of 1 king but upon request at check in we were given the 2 beds at no additional charge. We did rent a car so did take advantage of the valet service. It is $44 + 14% tax a day. I believe that is an excessively high price but you have all day in and out privileges and it never took longer than a couple of minutes for them to bring our car up and they were always very friendly and courteous.The rooms are decorated nicely and the beds were really comfortable with lots of comfy pillows. Do be prepared that you are in a city and will hear city noises! There is a fire station located within a few blocks of the hotel so you will hear sirens in the night or very early morning. Ear plugs are provided with their toiletries. There also is an extremely large homeless population in San Francisco and the hotel is surrounded by them so do be prepared to be begged for change. These are things to expect at any hotel in San Francisco however are not vacation spoilers.I would definitely stay at this hotel again! For the great service and very reasonable rates I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thirstytraveller1
<Content>it was perfect! Hotel was very cheap for the location ($99 US/night and we were there on weekends too). It's right beside the San Francisco Shopping Centre. A hop away from Powell line cable car station, a block away from Union Square... what more would you want?Service is friendly. 24 hrs conciere ensured we were not hassled by the wandering homeless at night (We ran into one homeless man/woman asking for change, and the security came outside right away).Room is clean, and enough tables and chairs to put our stuff on. It's not very fancy, but I think it deserves a 4 star.Will definitely stay there again!  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>CrystalVancouver
<Content>Solid choice, great location We just stayed here for a conference I did at the Moscone Center. It was priced similarly to the Hilton (about $220) but this hotel was rated higher on this site. We weren't disappointed.The hotel is perfectly located for a lot of things -- easy walk to Moscone, close to shopping on Market St, BART station, streetcar, and the financial district, and also close to our favourite restaurants in the opposite direction. Check in and check out were fast and painless, with no unexpected charges. We were initially offered a room with double beds, and the desk clerk said there were no king beds, but we did get a queen which was fine. The room was on the 20th floor which would not have been our initial choice but it was very nice. The view was fine, and we had a bay window with a little loveseat. You do have to pay 12 or $13 per day for internet acess but the $45 per week is a much better deal if you're staying more than 3 days. The internet connection was tempermental, sometimes fine and sometimes slow. We initially signed in as wireless, and when that was slow or not working, we had to call IT. They told us to sign in again with a wired connection, pay twice, and he'd get the front desk to reverse the charges. True to word, there was only one charge on the final bill. By the way, the hotel does not charge for 1-800 calls.We seemed to have got one of the renovated view rooms. The furniture was new enough although the decor was a bit beige. The bathroom was small but nicely finished with tiled walls around the bath enclosure and granite counter. The bath isn't huge but my husband, who is 6'2'', found it fine. The water for the shower is high-pressure and instantly hot at any time of the day. The room size was decent (bigger than the last place we stayed in SF).Our room had a flat screen TV. Strangely, there was no minibar which we usually use for milk or soy milk for coffee, so we had to use the ice bucket to keep it cool.Initially we didn't like the location near the elevators and ice machine, but the soundproofing is so good we didn't notice noise at all.The gym was clean and very well-equipped with good-quality treadmills, ellipticals, free weights and a variety of weight machines.The hotel has a lounge with live music several nights, and there are a couple of other restaurants in the building. Room service menu was pretty standard with average prices.Our only tiny complaints were the lack of minibar/fridge in the room, and the strange little coffee maker which used up a new plastic tray every time (and the paper cups rather than real coffee cups). These certainly didn't wreck our experience. One huge benefit -- the whole hotel is non-smoking, so you won't accidentally get a stinky room.This is not a luxury hotel but offers value for money. We'd definitely return, whether for a conference or just for a fun trip.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>MichelleNSam
<Content>Good Hotel, Good Location We added 2 days to our San Francisco trip, and decided to book ourselves a nicer hotel than we usually go for. We booked the Parc55 for $115 per night. The front desk staff was so enthusiastic at checkin, and though we were expecting a lowerfloor room (we find most hotels give you the crappy rooms when you book through discount online hotel providers), we were given a 20th floor with a view of the financial district! My partner, an urban planner, was enthusiastic and we sat on the couch by the window both nights and enjoyed the view.Comfy bed with luxurious bedding, very clean rooms, friendly staff who always said hi. There were no problems with this hotel and I would reccomend it to anyone who wants a comfy room and confy hotel. Locatin was extremely convenient to BART, which was nice since we arrived at 11pm at night, and to the cable car (and its fun to watch them turn the cable car around on the tracks since you're on the end of the line!) We were surprised at the lack of decent restaurants within a two block radius, but within a five block radius choices were unlimited. On the negative side, we were a little shocked by the number of homeless people that come out at night around the two blocks of this hotel. Also, the extras that the hotel offers - concierge service, fitness centre - were lost on us, whereas the extras that we usually take full advantage of - free high-speed internet, continental breakfast - were absent. Internet would have cost us $15 a day, and the two rounds of drinks we had in the hotel bar ran us up a tab of $50. Finally, I am a bath person and I found the tub a little too narrow and shallow for my liking (though the high-powered shower was awesome).My partner and I would recomend this hotel to anyone who wants a comfy room with a great view, and is not too worried about the cost of extras.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>davidmcl
<Content>Excellent Hotel       view from room  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FLcs
<Content>Great location with a great corner room -- feels very business though       Another view  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>grobma
<Content>Above Average, Great Location Stayed here for 3 nights on business. I did not choose the hotel, and likely wouldn't have simply because while I love the neighborhood, the Hilton where I have points is right across the street. That being said, I was pleasantly surprised with how enjoyable my stay was.The exterior and lobby harken back a few decades and seem somewhat dated. My room had been recently renovated and was spotless with nice furnishings, including a couch and coffee table. Only problem is that with the new multimedia panel built into the dresser under the 40 HDTV, there is very little in the way of drawer storage. I had to use the drawers in the two night stands - something I've never had to do before. As I'd read other reviews that indicated noise was an issue (I had absoluetly no problems during my stay), I found it interesting that the bathroom amenities included a pair of ear plugs!Staff were friendly and helpful. I found the breakfast buffet to be over-priced for what it was - even in SF - but the coffee was delicious and the service outstanding.Best part about this hotel is the location. Assuming you want to be in the Union Square area, it can't be beat for convenience to all transportation and shopping.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>beckybr
<Content>Don't Stay Here! Every single staff member we spoke with at Parc 55 were incredibly RUDE and unaccomodating. I was shocked at their behavior. In addition, the rooms were not clean, and are in need of renovation/refurbishing. I am a travel agent, so believe me when I say DO NOT stay at this hotel. You can find a much better SF hotel for the price (or less!) of a stay here, and you will avoid a very unpleasant experience.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>KevinBlackman
<Content>Good Location We stayed here on the 20th and 21st April 2008. The Parc 55 is a large hotel, the room we booked was clean and tidy, maybe slightly on the small size but it was fine. We booked a Club room which are on the higher floors and have fantastic views either over looking the bay or the city. The complimentary breakfast was fine and also the afternoon refreshments in the executive lounge were a nice touch, we obviously received this as we had upgraded to a club room.The hotel is just off Union Square near to all the shops and the hotel provided a good location for our final 2 nights in San Francisco before flying home. As I understand the hotel is going to be refurbished in certain areas in September. I think this is probably a good idea as it could do with this in some places.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Noodle73Uk
<Content>Great Location Read some reviews on Tripadvisor and they were spot on. My husband and me stayed there for 3 nights recently. The hotel was in a fabulous location if you want to be in the centre of things, we were in easy reach of Union Square, Macy's, shopping malls, cable car stops, train station etc. If you've never been to san Fransisco before then this is a great base. Cable car can be taken to the quieter Fishermans Wharf and trams can be caught to Piers which will allow you to shop or catch the ferry to Alcatraz! Hotel rooms were immaculate and views were superb. Would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>the_admiral_MB
<Content>Good Location, Fair Price, Not a 4 Star The overall experience was fine. It was the little things about the hotel that make me feel that it was not a 4 star hotel. There was a tear in the shower curtain. The front desk people were...not the friendliest. The view and location were great. Across the street from a BART station and very close to Union Square. Lots to do in the area. Some advice for a traveler on a budget, it cost $45 plus 14% tax to park at the hotel. If you are not looking for in and out, there are two public garages, both within 2 or 3 block, that are much cheaper ($30 max incl. tax).  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>3travelers3
<Content>It was just ok... First I鈥檒l start out with the good鈥or our recent trip to San Francisco, we really wanted a hotel with a good view and in a good location. This hotel had both. We paid extra to be on the club levels (27th 鈥?32nd floors) and we requested, and received, a corner room after reading advice on this forum. The room had a good view of the city, but I was hoping for more of a view of the Golden Gate Bridge and the water. The room was spacious and clean, but the hotel is majorly in need of updating before it can be considered a four star. The location was good 鈥?close to shopping and public transportation. We had a pizza and beers in the hotel sports bar one night. Our waiter was great, but the pizza was just so-so. We were hoping to watch a boxing match but the sports bar didn鈥檛 have HBO! We were going to have a drink in the lobby bar but it was freezing in there  it was on the 2nd floor with a view of Burger King so we decided to go down the street instead. Now the bad鈥he service was terrible. When we arrived, we wanted to check in and drop off our luggage 鈥?then return our rental car around the block. (We had driven down to Big Sur for 2 days and then drove to Parc 55 for 2 nights.) The bell man told us that our luggage would be brought to our room in 5-10 minutes so we could park there briefly and wouldn鈥檛 be charged. After getting into our room, we waited 20 minutes and our luggage still hadn鈥檛 arrived. We called the bell desk and asked for it. We had to describe our luggage to them, then they brought it 5 minutes later. The person who brought it just threw it on our floor and left. After all that, we were charged $10 for the short time we were parked there. Other hotel employees that we encountered just seemed to have the attitude that they could care less about the guests or their jobs. In my opinion, everything about this hotel fell somewhere on the scale between 鈥渙k鈥?and 鈥渂ad鈥? I was disappointed and will stay elsewhere next time.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	1	1	

<Author>foxdog40
<Content>Valet Broke my Mirror The rooms are o.k., but there was a problem with the room price. They charged me more on one night than the other despite the fact we had negotiated a group rate. The biggest problem was the fact that the valet broke the mirror on my car. They said they would send me a claim form, but never did. My calls have not been returned, so I pretty much gave up on them ever following through with their promise.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	4	1	1	

<Author>travelbound42
<Content>Loved the hotel, but very poor service The hotel itself if wonderful, but the level of care for thier guests was not there. I booked through hotwire and got a great deal. I called to confirm a room was available, they told me absolutley. Check in time was quoted at 3 pm. I arrived at four, and only a room with two very small beds was available. Not a problem, I told them i understood how hotwire works and i was willing to wait for a better room. They told me it would take an hour. I came back over an hour later, they gave me a key to the room, which upon entering we realized was never cleaned after the last occupant. Long story short, we left the hotel again until they rectified the situation. We finally were able to check in and get our bags into the room at 8:30, they never extended an apology, charged us for everything down to internet fees.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>2	5	5	5	3	3	1	3	

<Author>trumptonfireman
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location       View from Hotel Room  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>abbeyn
<Content>Excellent Location but not a four star Location is excellent off union square and next to the main shopping centres. Overall the hotel is very tired with both the rooms and the reception area in dire need of a refurb. The bedroom corridors were very depressing and musty. The size and shape of the bedrooms were good, the corner rooms were best with very good views over the city. This is not a four star hotel but with a refurb this could be so much more.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>trolleytransitman
<Content>Health Risk - Unsanitary Conditions After seeing news stories about hotels not washing the drinking glasses in the rooms, I decided to mark the glass to see if it was exchanged. The next day after the room was made up the maid neatly placed the glasses on the vanity with protective tops placed over them. When I checked, sure enough the mark I had placed proved the glasses had not been washed. I notified the hotel manager and she sent security to take a report. That was the last I heard from the hotel manager, so evidently the Parc 55 is not to concerned with Health Department regulations. I guess they got mad that I complained because the next day the room was not made up at all. Finally at 5:00pm a maid knocked on the door and asked if we wanted the room cleaned. I didn't bother to complain just won't stay here again. This hotel is not a 4 star as advertised.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>antzona
<Content>Location, Location, Location In case you couldn't guess, I think this hotel has the perfect location for visiting San Francisco. It is just off Market Street, and two blocks west of Union Square. It is also just a couple blocks north of the Yerba Buena Parking Structure which is a nice option for overnight parking. I have had some bad luck with hotels booked through Hotwire not living up to their star rating. The Parc 55 is truly a 4-Star hotel. The entire staff was friendly and very helpful. My room was well decorated, clean, and well maintained. The bed was very comfortable and the linens were excellent. The shower was also very nice and had the best water pressure of any hotel I have stayed in the last five years. I will definitely make a point of staying here anytime I visit San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MyReview22
<Content>Parc 55 was perfect Hotel looked like any other American hotel upon arrival, lots of mirrors, gold bannisters, marble and lots of sofa etc etc. Staff friendly and an excellent concierge called Rosa. She was very busy but happy to help all! Rooms were lovely, I have a room on the corner which was massively spacious and good city views. Would have liked a fridge in the room, but this didn't matter as there was an ice machine 20 metres down the hallway. Lovely comfy beds with big duvets and a million pillows!Location couldn't be better!!! Close to shops, restaurants and Union Square. You could walk to the Wharf in 20 mins-ish. I didn't eat in the hotel so have no opinion there, we chose nearby diners and restaurants, all of which were lovely. There's a great Italian across the road which is great after a long day sight seeing. Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>prettypacific
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Location My husband and I stayed at the Parc55 for 4 days/3 nights. It was very easy to get to the hotel from the airport. You only have to take the BART, which is a 30 min ride and costs $5.35 per person one way. The hotel is located right across from the BART station, which was very convenient. Upon check-in, we were told that our room was not ready, and that it would take about an hour. But we were given a $25 voucher, which we could use in several of the hotel restaurants, so my husband  I got a free dinner while we waited. After dinner, we went back to the lobby to check-in and we were told that our room was ready. However, once we got there, the room was still dirty so we had to go back down and notify the front desk about it. They apologized and upgraded our room to one of the club floors, which was very nice! The bed was very comfortable, we had wonderful views, and the room was quite spacious. We loved the location of the hotel-- very close to shopping, public transportation, and right by Union Square. We would definitely stay again!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>LELMD23
<Content>Lovely Union Square Hotel We stayed at the Parc 55 in mid-March and coudn't have been more pleased. We stayed in one of the newly renovated view rooms which I'd highly recommend. The room was clean and newly decorated. The bed was comfortable and the linens and down comforter were great. The bathroom was fine - not spectacular, but with a new massaging shower head that was nice. The best part of this hotel was the LOCATION! It was fabulous - mere steps from Union Square and the origination of the Powell Street cable car lines. We'd recommend purchasing a 3 day Muni Passport that gives you unlimited cable car rides and bus fares (I think you can even ride the BART) thus negating the need for a car in San Francisco. Would stay at the Parc 55 again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>GreatSanFranLocation
<Content>Wonderul Way to Stay in San Francisco My son and I recently traveled to San Francisco for a three day trip. I booked the room on Hotwire for $99 a night, which was half of what other hotels were asking. The location and accomodations were excellent. We took the Bart from the Airport for $5.25. The quick half block walk from the Bart was a breeze, even with our luggage. The location for food, shopping and transportation to all the local areas are basically right in front of the hotel. The rooms were very comfortable with immediate service for any special requests. We stayed clear of the Tenderloin, but visited all of the other communities with ease and without any concern for our saftey...bumped into some panhandlers each evening but they were very kind and nonagressive. Highly recommend bus 69 from the Wharf to Coit Tower to watch the sunset. When departing the doorman coupled my son and I with four other guest for a limo ride to the airport at the same price as their shuttle. I would definitely look to stay at Parc66 for our next visit.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ert23904830924
<Content>Great Price, Great Location I recently stayed at Parc55 and was very happy with it. For the price that we paid, and the location, it was great! It's walking distance to all the best shopping, a quick cab ride to all the good clubs, and tons of excellent restaurants all around. I would definitely recommend Parc55.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>Luvlie
<Content>Good shopping location Love the location of Parc 55, as it is fairly near to Union Square and Westfield is just right across the street. Powell street, which is parallel to Cyril Magnin Street where the hotel is, is also good for shopping. Stick to the main roads though, as the back roads around the hotel are a bit scary. A lot of bums around the area, hassling you for change and a sandwich. Suggest not to walk back to the hotel when it gets dark, as I have heard of stories where people get mugged just right outside the hotel, behind the big pillars. Hotel room is comfortable, although it would have been better if it comes with a safe in the room and some bedroom slippers. Overall, a good feel about the hotel though. Would recommend this to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>vinoreno
<Content>Excellent place to stay We stayed for one night only at the Parc 55 in San Francisco. Everything was super from the time we checked in to departure. We were able to park our vehicle and check our baggage with the bellman early prior to actual check in. We requested a higher floor view room, that I had heard about, and got upgraded free of charge to the Club level on the 31st floor!!! Club level had a nice lounge with a nice happy hour food and drinks and an adequate continental breakfast the next morning. Thanks to Ana, the reservationist, for her help and pleasant personality!! The lobby was very impressive in looks. The bellmen and concierge persons were very helpful and courteous. Our room was great! Furnishings were nice, bedding very comfortable, nice marble bathroom with blow dryer, coffee maker, and terry robes. We had an awesome view of the city looking south and west. The hotel has a restaurant, bar, and fitness center. I guess the only thing that wasn't available was a pool, hot tub, or sauna. I was told they are going to be remodeling for some of those facilities soon. The location is the best...short walk- 1 block to the cable car and Bart Stop, Westfield Shopping Mall (really nice) and just about any store or type of restaurant you'd want to go to around Union Square.The price was great on Expedia, cheaper than some other websites and the hotel website. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tango01071955
<Content>Wonderful experience th Parc 55 Hotel The extra cost for the Club style rooms is a wonderful value!!! We could not have asked for a better hotel. The Parc is centrally located, right in the middle of everything. The hotel staff was a pleasure to assist, the bath products were wonderful, the linens were top notch - just like the quality we have at home. I can not wait for our next visit. We stayed here for business, but are looking forward to a vacation there!!!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KaelinCB
<Content>Nice room, noisy hotel My husband and I had a nice post-Valentines weekend at the Parc55. We got a great room rate from Hotwire.com. Our room was smallish, but comfortable. The king size bed was comfy, especially the down pillows and comforters. The bathroom had a phone in it! Good location for those who don't mind exploring the city by cable car, MUNI, BART, taxi, or on foot. We had an OK lunch in Barley  Hops Bar and Grill.Downsides: we were near the elevator, so we experienced a lot of noise from the hallways. The hotel was hopping, full of airline employees. Mold on the bathroom ceiling above the shower. After depleting the in-room coffee we went in search of lobby coffee for which they wanted $3. Fortunately, a coffee place was right next door.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>kidsmurf2000
<Content>Disappointing Reception was clean, well kept, attractive and the staff friendly. The first room they assigned me had severe A/C noise problems, so straight back to the front desk for another room.The room was average, but with a very old, cheap and somewhat small TV and very bad TV reception. Room service took a look time and the food disappointing.The internet connection was terrible, with a speed below dialup.Not all ammenties were replenished each day.A lot of room noise, both from the adjoining rooms (mainly footfalls from above) and street noise.Not recommended.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	4	2	1	

<Author>norcaltravel
<Content>Nightmare front desk at checkin, good location, hefty parking fee Booked two rooms at the Parc 55. Arrived around 2PM (check-in 3PM) Was told no rooms were available until at least 4PM. The front desk (Erika I believe) was as unfriendly as I have ever experienced in years of travel. Probably better suited for a less visible position in the hotel. I understood 3PM, but 4 or 5 would make us late for our dinner and show. Also, parking came to a whopping $61 for a 24 hour period so keep that in mind if driving in as that raises the cost of the hotel significantly. We will take BART next time as the station is about half a block away. Finally got the rooms around 5pm but not on the same floor even though booked together. This was OK except that one of the rooms turned out to be a handicap room with no tub, a modified toilet seat, doors, etc... Called the front desk and they agreed to move us. Back downstairs and another wait in line for a room. By now it is almost 6PM and we are still not checked in and definately not able to eat dinner prior to our show. Back up to our new room and we discover that a makeup bag is missing. We speculate it was left in the handicap room when we moved in and back out so quickly. The front desk has already reassigned this room and cannot, or will not, allow housekeeping and/or security to check the room without the new occupants permission. (even though the bag is unmistakable and has been described to them in detail.) The front desk indicates they do not have a lost and found, only housekeeping keeps things left in rooms. OK, we agree to try later as it is our fault the bag is missing. When we come back from a late night out we check again with an extremely helpful night manager at the front desk who tells us she will check lost and found and with security again. (Thought there was no lost and found. Hmmmm.) No luck. We go to bed and about a half hour later gun shots in the neighborhood and lots of sirens. We had just walked two blocks from Mel's Diner. Yikes! Next morning we call the other room ourselves and low and behold the bag is there and is retrieved. Much better start to day two than day one. All in all, the location is excellent and the rooms were good. However, the front desk (Erika at least) needs a lesson in customer service. The night manager and the doorman were as friendly as you will ever find.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>trvl4fun2
<Content>great location comfortable room My friend and I stayed here for 3 nights and had a great stay. The room was very nice and the beds were very comfy. The city view was nice too. We were not bothered by noise as some reviews stated. The breakfast buffet was delicious and had lots of choices. All staff we met were extremely helpful and friendly. The toiletries provided were really nice. We booked Tower Tours from the Hotel and had a great tour. The guide was knowledegable and entertaining; I really learned a lot about the city. The location was terrific-----the trolley stop was just around the corner as was the Bart and lots of shopping right out the front door. A taxi to the Empress of China restaurant in Chinatown was around $7.00. The view and food was great. The restaurant was recommended by the hotel and it was a good choice. A very pleasant stay.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>daggar
<Content>Great Location I was just at the hotel while attending a convention at the Moscone Center. While the convention supplied transportation from the hotel, I chose to walk the short distance. Maybe 10 minutes.The hotel was great. The location was great just off of Market street, where you could catch a bus to anywhere. The turn-around for the old streetcars is just around the corner.In some directions, there are plenty of homeless, but, almost entirely, they were very passive. We didn't get approached a single time, though we passed many people with hats, boxes, or hands extended. I think that's just what you get in the big cities.If you do stay here, I highly recommend a breakfast at Dottie's True Blue Cafe around the corner. It's an old diner, but a real gem, and the breakfast was awesome. 622 Jones Street I think.Hotel services were what you would expect in a high end hotel. While I didn't eat at any of the hotel restaurants, the hotel bars and pub were a great place to hang out with friends. Also, there is plenty of other nightlife within a couple of blocks, including a very interesting Irish pub.Highlights: Dependable lodging. Great location.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Fitten06
<Content>Great location and comfortable rooms Comfortable bed, wonderful staff, and exceptional location. Very easy to get to from the Bay Bridge (which was important since my friends were in Oakland), and a convenient walk away from the major SF attractions. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>pulgadelmundo
<Content>It was better than the Hyatt Embarcadero...lovely but small which was perfect! I just got back from a stay in SF from Jan 23-27th. I was in town for a conference but decided to fly in a day early for pleasure. I hadn't been in SF in 10 years and I was a bit worried not knowing the various areas/neighborhoods as I was a single female traveling alone from Los Angeles. I wanted clean and safe above all1) Location and Size: First, don't let the 1000 room capacity bother you. I was worried about being stuck in a Goliath hotel like the MGM grand in Las Vegas. Rooms and Reception are very easy to get to so you don't feel like you are hauling your luggage all over the place or unsafe in some random corrider. Location is right off the Bart Powell station, 1 block south of Powell and the famous union square cable cars/shopping. You are also 1 block from a Walgreens that is open till midnight which I walked too at 11:30 pm and across the street from a Westfield shopping center, around the corner from a cyber cafe (the one negative of my stay was that the Internet in the hotel rooms were not working but the cafe was 3.50 a half hr) but there is nothing like planning your trip in the comfort of your own room but it seems from other TA reviews that other hotels in the same area also have some Internet access issues so I chalked it up to the high rises). Also lots of restaurants like sushi and Italian ( can anyone say champagne at happy hour! look for the restaurant diagonal to the back of the hotel off Cyril magnin)2. Staff and Policies: I called the night before to inquire about early check in. While the staff could not guarantee it, they did mention they had a low occupancy rate and that they didn't think it would be a problem. That said I was able to check in at 10:30am which was THE BEST and really made my stay. Also, since I knew that they didn't have a high occupancy I hinted at an view room and I did recieve a VIEW UPGRADE (worth about 25 bucks if I had to havce paid for it) which also made my stay. The Concereige answered my questions satisfactorily ( like pointing me to the Internet cafe and to a luggage store when I asked about one..my luggage broke) but I couldn't help thinking they could of been a bit more on point ( didn't have much of a clue when I mentioned restaurant week and looked put out when I asked her for a copy of her list...I wanted to say..hello I don't have Internet!!!! :)..The Room and the Rate: While since I didn't know the area very well (I have since been told to stay away from Van Ness/Tenderloin) I decided to check online like hotels.com. They has Pac 55 as a special of the day for 109 a night. I decided to check the hotel website (often you get treated better from a hotel's own website). They had the same rate (30% off regularly $165) so I booked it. With taxes it came out to 125 or so. When I looked about extending my stay after my conference the rate had gone up to 125 which was still great.My room's bathroom was WAY BETTER than the Hyatt Regency Embarcadero that I stayed at a day later. They had a detached mirror, quality products, The bedroom was a bit smaller but it was perfect for me. Delicious Linens, a bay window with a desk in front of it. At one point I just turned off all the lights and enjoyed my view. Yes, it was a smaller room but not by much when you account that they Hyatt room the next night for $269 had a way smaller bathroom and higher price tag. I had a great Parc 55 experience and it goes in the reccommend pile. Sorry no pictures as I couldn't find my digital camera before my trip. Othe info Parc 55 to Legion of Honor taxi (22 bucks) but you can take a bus back for 1.50 :) Parc 55 to Embarcado/Financial District taxi 8 bucks :)  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>IslandRandR
<Content>Fabulous luxury in the heart of SF We stayed at the Parc 55 en route Auckland - Vancouver on New Year's Eve. The hotel staff were very friendly, even though they had to get us to sign waivers saying we wouldn't have a party in our room (a problem in SF, apparently, on new year's eve). They also allowed us to check in early at 11:00 am after our flight from Auckland. The bed was extremely comfy after a long flight, and the hotel is close to everything a tourist could want.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hydepark
<Content>Best Stay       view from room  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>pglinfo
<Content>Super Hotel I booked this hotel on the strength of the hotel website, the reviews, closeness to amenities and the link from the airport. All worked great. The check in was efficient and pleasant, the trip from airport was mega easy and inexpensive not to mention traffic free. The room was comfortable, roomy and for a main city location, great for the cable car etc for all you tourists like us. I would be pleased to recommend to fellow travellers. You can expect to pay a few pounds more in a city but at 拢73 quid a night, try getting this in London. This was a very pleasant stay. Bon voyage and I hope you all enjoy your stay, the food is pricy, but there are plenty of eating places around.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>figgyburn
<Content>great location great location right next to the bart station.but i must say the area around powell st and the cable car turnaround really is getting downmarket what with all the bums panhandling all day, everyday.they don't hassle you but you have to dodge them all the time.we went in december heavens knows what it would be like in the summer months.the hotel is great and the beds are wonderful i wish i could get one of these beds here in edinburgh i might get a good night's sleep!!.got a good price $110 which i think is great value.enjoy.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Julesbusiness
<Content>Excellent Location, comfortable stay Parc55 is located about two minutes walk from Powell Street BART station so travelling from the airport to the hotel by train is so easy. Check in only took literally 30 seconds as the receptionist just swiped my credit card and gave me my room key. When booking, I opted for a room on one of the top floors as previous reviews have mentioned about traffic noise. The top few floors are named as an 鈥榚xecutive鈥?section, and as such this allows guests on these floors to enter the 鈥榚xecutive room鈥?on the top floor that has a small self service honesty bar, serves a continental breakfast in the morning and has a great view across the city.The room itself was very large, clean, fresh and in an excellent state of repair. I was fortunate enough to have a room on a corner of the hotel so had two large windows that gave me two different, but good views of San Francisco. The room had a large comfortable bed, large bathroom/shower, large wardrobe (and iron), sofa, TV and desk/chair. Daily maid service was excellent as was the turndown service. The room was quiet, and I didn鈥檛 experience any noise either from in the hotel or from outside. Checkout through the TV was simple and I just dropped off the key in the box in the lobby on the way out. I have to admit that aside from my speedy check in, I didn鈥檛 interact with the staff at all as everything was to my satisfaction and all of the services that I used could be self activated and were easy to understand and follow. I guess the only downside is that, as mentioned in a previous review, the amenities in the business centre are very expensive. I used the internet, which was somewhat pricey, but had no intention of using the printer which had an outrageous price per sheet.San Francisco is well known for its homeless population, and a great number congregate around the BART station area just around the corner from the hotel. Whilst they may be an annoyance, I found them to be harmless enough and not in the least bit aggressive. In fact, one of my evening forms of entertainment was going to a convenience store around the corner from Parc55 to buy some chocolate and join in with the banter from the people hanging around outside. This may not be everyone鈥檚 cup of tea for an hours entertainment in SF, but it demonstrates that these people are approachable and not out to kill us all. Parc55 is in an excellent central location. As mentioned, it is very close to the BART station, so great for the airport, and is also close to the trams that take you to Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf and the cable cars for exploring the city. The hotel is only a few minutes walk from the large department stores of Bloomingdales, Macys and Nordstrom as well as all of the others in Union Square.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SanDiegan78
<Content>Overpriced and outdated Yet again, here is a tale of the ratings. What constitutes a four-star accommodation in a metropolitan city with more hotels than pigeons? Four star hotels position and price themselves as superior, but, in my experience, there is very rarely any superiority to them.I rate Parc 55 Okay, but some problems. And I mean exactly that.I booked a non-smoking room with a king bed. Our room was only ready by 4 PM on check in day, but we were initially delighted to have obtained a 20-th floor room with a city view. Unbelievably, street noise was almost as loud as at the street level, and indeed very disturbing during the night. To add to our discomfort, the mattress was horribly uneven, and every single spring could be felt through the thin mattress top. Pillows, on the other hand, were very small, too soft and of rather inferior quality.Our bathroom was relatively spacious, but all fixtures and decor were outdated and in a need of an upgrade (i.e. chipped wall tiles, chipped mirror and rust stains on fixtures). The bathtub drain was extremely ineffective, and we had to stand in a bath half full while taking showers. We had a desk, a chair and a small sofa with a coffee table in our room. To our disbelief, there was no mini bar and no room safe in our room. The TV was very old and small. The hotel very enthusiastically nickel-and-dimes you at any opportunity. They charge you by the minute for using their business center, and a printed page costs you more than $2. We paid a total of $11 for the luxury of checking in for our outbound flight and printing two boarding passes. When I called the front desk in the evening asking them to have a taxi for us at 5:15 AM next day, I was bluntly told that cabs were available in front of the hotel 24/7. Indeed, we had to crawl to Market Street and look for a passing taxi next morning.Altogether, they provided us with a bed and bath. I however would not recommend staying there. The general manager should walk 500 yards over to the Orchard Garden to see for himself what level of comfort and service a similarly priced same category hotel can provide.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	2	3	2	2	2	

<Author>Mtabakman
<Content>Nice Stay! Pleasant welcome, clean and comfortable room, nice location next to Powell St. BART station, and just a couple blocks from Union Square. What more could you ask for? Oh yeah, got it for $99 on Priceline too. Add this to your list of downtown SF hotels.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lola315
<Content>Great Location and Value We booked this hotel on Priceline for $100, which is a pretty good deal for the city... although, the last 3 or 4 times we booked a room in the city for the same price on Priceline (Name Your Own Price) we've gotten either The Omni or The Westin St. Francis (which are both quite a bit nicer and overall a better value). The Parc 55 was nice enough though. Our room was very large for San Francisco, and had lots of huge windows which were very nice. There was a little sitting area by the windows which we liked, and the bed was really comfortable. We were in a great location walking distance to all the stores and restaurants in Union Square. We really didn't notice the hotel being in a bad area, but I guess we kind of knew which way not to walk to avoid being in the Tenderloin district (the people at the hotel are pretty good about informing people which way not to go). The things we did not like about the room: it smelled very musty and just gross when we arrived (there was some weird air cleaner machine in there which I guess was supposed to make it better, but really it just looked tacky and didn't do much for the smell); the bathroom was very dated and the floors did not appear to be very clean; lastly, it was really noisy in the morning due outside traffic, yelling, sirens, etc. (the hotel provided ear plugs for this). Overall, the negatives were very mild and for the price I would definitely recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>cblase
<Content>A Little Too Small, A Little Too Noisy So I bookedthe room through Hotwire and you could say I got what I deserved, but usually Hotwire gets me one of those cute boutique hotels in the shopping district. This time I got a big, bland building full of glass and steel. The room was disappointingly small and not high enough up to avoid the street people screaming and acting crazy. The creepiest parts were the dirty room service tray parked right outside the room and the dirty hand towel on the rack above the toilet. My suspicion is that the staff thought they only needed to do turndown service and not a full room cleaning. So who knows if the sheets were used? Beware of the $45 parking fee. I think nearby garages will charge less. If you're willing to hoof it, I'd check theSutter/Stockton or the 5th and Mission garages.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	1	4	1	-1	

<Author>cienpasos
<Content>DISAPPOINTED January 4, 2008...the Bay Area's worst storm in several decades. The wind outside was ripping trees down, knocking over trucks, and carrying small children and dieters down the streets like runaway cable cars. The rain was coming down in horizontal torrents! Stepping-out of the hotel was risky. Obviously, the Parc 55 had no control over the weather. However, I didn't see them do a single thing to ease the burden of their challenged guests. Could they have offered free hot coffee and tea? No, Parc 55 decided to continue charging for this basic service. Could they have offered free WiFi to guests who were stranded in their rooms for two days? No, they charge $12.95 for internet. Could they have opened a couple of cheap bottles of wine and offered a social hour in their lounge (many hotels in SF do this)? No, their crews with ladders and other equipment commandeered the lounge to take down Christmas decorations forcing all to retire to their rooms. I spoke with the front desk suggesting that perhaps the WiFi charge could be waived concerning the circumstances, the answer was, 鈥淲e have no control over the weather.鈥?br/>Don't get me wrong...Parc 55 is a beautiful property with a splendid location. I am sure that the staff was as stressed as the guests. I am disappointed, however, with the Parc 55. This was an opportunity for them to step up and make a difficult time for their guests a little better...even memorable. Too bad, huh! The whole time I was sitting in my room looking out the window, I kept wondering what the other hotels were doing for their guests.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lancer808
<Content>GREAT LOCATION  My friends and I had stayed at the Parc 55 Hotel to celebrate New Year's. We chose this hotel because of its reasonable price and its close proximity to Union Square and various restaurants. I have read previous TripAdvisor reviews about the hotel being in an undesirable or seedy location. I found the hotel's surroundings to be fine, especially during the day. Cyril Magnin Street, where the hotel is located, is very busy with vehicles and pedestrian traffic. However, as with any vacation, it is always important to remain vigilant and aware of your surroundings. The check-in process was quite easy. This is a rather busy hotel which is heavily used by the flight crews of various airlines, convention attendees, and business travelers. The hotel staff was courteous and helpful, except for one of the bellmen who seemed to be having a bad day. The seven elevators were rather efficient, timely, and spacious. Our ninth floor room was typical but very accommodating. The bed was very luxurious to sleep in. The bathroom was clean with sufficient ammenities. Street noise was heard throughout the day and night, mainly from police and fire vehicle sirens. But that's typical for any downtown hotel. A temporary fitness center was created on the second floor while the regular fifth floor location is being renovated. It is heavily used by guests and only offered five (5) cardio machines. Free weights and/or resistance training equipment were not available. The only complaint that I had was the hotel's valet parking. Guests are charged $40 dollars a day (plus tax) with in-and-out privileges. This fee could add up if you plan to stay several days. Also, allow between 10-25 minutes for the parking valet person to obtain your vehicle. One day that I waited about 20 minutes. After complaining about the long wait, I was informed by the valet supervisor that my vehicle had been parked at an alternate lot because their hotel garage was full. If you arrive back to the hotel late in the evening, chances are that your vehicle will be parked at the alternate lot. If you're looking for a convenient hotel that provides affordable daily parking, you might want to consider the Cathedral Hill Hotel, just a few blocks away on Van Ness Avenue. They provide a discounted room/parking package. The daily parking fee would be about $10. Better yet, you park it yourself and leave at your own convenience.Overall, my friends and I had a pleasant stay at the Parc 55 Hotel. I would recommend it to any traveler who would like to be in the heart of Downtown San Francisco.TRAVEL TIP: Rather than travel across the busy Market Street to get to the San Francisco Shopping Centre, a quicker and possibly safer way is to go through the underground Powell Street BART station. A Starbucks Coffee is located at the mall's entrance.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>RoadTripsRUS
<Content>Great location I think the location of this hotel is great if you enjoy Union Square and the Market Street area. My husband, my parents and I flew into Oakland and took BART into the city. The BART stop at Market and Powell is directly across the street from the hotel. While I think the hotel was in better shape when it was a Marriott property, I still think you can get a good price for a fairly nice room. The only complaint I have was that our rooms were not ready until after 5 p.m. This is a large conference hotel and several events were going on when we visited. Overall, we enjoyed our stay and will stay there in the future.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	2	2	3	2	

<Author>dgibb
<Content>Great shopping location!! I stayed a Saturday night at Parc 55. It was the same weekend as the marathon. Our check in was quick and the room was nice size. The bed was very comfortable. Shopping is right outside the door as is the Powell Street Bart station. Easy to get from airport to hotel!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lauderdalebob
<Content>Simply the Best!! Almost let this review get away, but I decided I definitely do want to write something about this hotel. Stayed there for 5 nights from Dec. 3-8, 2007, and didn't have one complaint about the place. I booked a few months in advance over the hotel's website and got a fabulous rate of $111 per night plus tax for the Club Room Floors. Ended up upon check-in being put on the top floor (Rm. 3209) and the room and the view (in particular) were spectacular. Stayed at the Grand Hyatt last year (also club floor) and paid more than twice this price and I really feel the Parc 55 is superior. One reason being that I had a rental car for both stays and where the Grand Hyatt you have to pull up in the street in a lot of heavy traffic to hand the car over to valet parking, the Parc 55 has a circular drive off of the street and it was a cinch. Yes, parking was $40 a night plus tax plus I tipped them each time I got the car out, but it was still cheaper than staying at one of the other hotels, given the $111 Club Level room rate here The Club Level breakfast was teriffic! Bagels, cereals, croissants, etc. Even sliced meats for breakfast if you wanted them. Couldn't have been any nicer. I lived in SF for 10 years and love driving there, maybe it's just me but I love driving on all the hills. Anyway, do not hesitate about booking here. The place was immaculate and service was outstanding, from the parking valet to the housekeeper to the front desk staff. Enjoy SF!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>vangelisd
<Content>Bad experience, not worth the upgrade, poor reception staff Spend a few days at Grand hyatt , few in Monterey and back to SF for a few more at Parc 55. That was the worst experience of all.I did book quite in advance, requested a city view room, paid for an upgrade to a View room, mentioned that it was our honeymoon, and all I got when I arrived was a 21st floor room with a view at a construction yard at the back of the hotel! After numerous attempts to request a front city view I was turned down with typical answers such as we're fully booked, your room has a spectacular view, why do you want to change, try again tomorrow morning.Apart from overlooking the construction yard and hearing all the noice in the morning the stay was quite ok. Nothing special, rooms are big but the bed was not really comfortable, carpet was/looked dirty, bathroom ok, amenities ok. Cleaning staff were superdb but the front desk were really bad and counldn't be botherd. Same for the conierge who weren't very helpful and looked quite bored just sitting there.The hotel caters for a lot of business travelers and lots of airline crews! Didn't bother with any of the bar/restaurants as the are so many at close proximity.Location was great though, oposite from the Shopping centre and the Bart/cable car stations that was very convenient.Our stay at the Grand Hyatt was so much better, great rooms and views, superb beds, nice touches such as an ipod docking station, great bath and bathroom products, a lot friendlier staff.Wish I had stayed there for all part of our SF stay.Not worth the view upgrade unless they can guarantee a city view. Other wise you get as bad view as you would get with a cheaper rate but on a higher floor!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>nookielu007
<Content>2nd stay, as great as the 1st This is the 2nd time I've stayed at the Parc 55, and both times it has exceeded all expectations. There was a special offered for Dec/Jan on Travelzoo. In the past few years I have become more accustomed to nice hotels. I enjoy duvets and robes in the closet, etc., and of course this this hotel had all that, a nice sized room with an amazing view of the city, even chocolates waiting for me on the bed, turn down service, etc. It has a great location, just across from the BART/MUNI station, and good shopping at the Westfield mall, Gap, Old Navy (which is better in SF), the trolly, etc. It is in a safe part of Union Square. Best of all, I wanted to make note of the staff. They were amazingly cordial and generous, and made my stay so nice. Jose Luis at the front desk has a wonderful sense of humor and did everything possible to make my stay the best it could be after an ordeal at the airport. Thank you to him and the Parc 55--my family and I will continue to use the Parc 55 to all future trips to SF.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>seafloorscott
<Content>Tainted Experience; Risky Reservations Anyone can take a reservation; the trick is holding the reservation -- Jerry SeinfeldHad reservations for two nights, Dec 13 - 14 2007 but stayed here only one night. Why?I tried to check into this hotel early on Dec 13, when I arrived in the city. I picked this hotel because it was near Moscone Ctr and BART and had a reasonable price. This hotel is a haven for foreign flight crews leaving SFO. A flight delay meant that at least myself and the two people in line with me had been bumped from the hotel so these stewardesses could cool their heels for a few more hours. Bonus - they comp'ed my stay at the Fairmont. They gave me a taxi voucher which wasn't accepted to get to the Fairmont. It took them nearly an hour to deal with the mess on their end, and another hour to deal with getting up to the Fairmont and checked in there.I came back to the Parc 55 for my second night in the city. The room was nice, pretty much unremarkable for this class of hotel in downtown SF. Even on the second go-around the desk staff was very slow.Given all of the problems that I experienced, and the I would rather stay at one of the large number of other hotels near Union Square that might actually hold my reservation.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	2	-1	3	

<Author>MikeGray
<Content>Nice hotel, front desk consistently poor Firstly, for the most part, the hotel is excellent - the location is perfect for BART, for shopping in Union Square and just generally getting about the city. There is certainly some homelessness in the immediate area, but that's true throughout the city and shouldn't be counted against the Parc.The rooms themselves are big enough and have all the standard amenities you'd expect from a 4* hotel.My only problem was the front desk - surly during check in and unhelpful at other times. For instance, they have an internet connection in the lounge on the second floor which uses pre-paid cards and advertises them. Except they don't actually have any. Front desk's attitude was basically not got any, not our problem, which stinks for a large hotel.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	3	

<Author>mickeytheshoe
<Content>loved the parc 55. perfect       chinatown  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pabl01neum
<Content>Acceptable The Parc 55 is an acceptable hotel. I arrived mid-day on a Sunday for a conference. The line to check in was long, about a 15-20 minute wait. I checked in and went to my room, only to find that they'd given me a smoking room in spite of the fact that I'd reserved a non-smoking room. Back downstairs for another 20 minute wait in line, when they informed me that they didn't have any non-smoking available and that I should come back in a couple of hours when more rooms had been cleaned (this was at about 1:30 PM, well after check out time). I came back at about 3:00 PM stood in line again for 20 minutes and was then finally given a room. The waiting in line was a very bad start for my 6 days at the hotel.The 10th floor room was acceptable. The room was clean and the king bed was just fine. I'm not sure why they put 8 pillows on the bed now. The swing valve from the main bath spigot to the shower head broke on my second day there. The plumber guys arrived promptly and fixed it. Internet service was fine (although pricey at $12.95 for 24 hours). Street noise was fairly audible, but that's probably true for any San Fran hotel room. I'm a city kid, so it doesn't bother me too much. The hotel maid did a nice job of keeping the room clean. She actually left me a note thanking me for my tip the day before I left.The hotel bar was below average. Go visit the Irish pub up around the corner for a lively spot.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	1	4	3	

<Author>Speedbird223
<Content>Excellent location, above average rooms The Parc 55 hotel is well located if you are looking for somewhere close to Union Square. I took the BART from the airport and the hotel is as good as on top of the Powell Street stop right on Market St. You've got a large shopping centre just across the street which was good for me as I was over from the UK and looking for retail therapy. Union Square is a couple of blocks away, as is the Powell Street trolley stop for trips to Ghirardelli Square.I was put on a high floor (somewhere in the 20s if I recall) and facing north. The room was nice and spacious, very clean and felt recently renovated (this was September '04) although it didn't have much character, and felt like a business hotel. The bathroom seemed like it had missed this renovatio though. There were computers on the second floor with pay by the minute internet access which was handy for checking in for my flight back to London.From a location standpoint this is excellent, just a short walk from Union Square, right next to the BART, the trolley and the shops! If you are looking for somewhere in Union Square then the Westin St Francis is a better bet, ask for their newer rooms as the old ones aren't so good.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>blackford1
<Content>Great place for a weekend in the city Excellent modern hotel in Union Square area. Hotel is literally just steps from the BART station and the cable car to fisherman's wharf. Great area for shopping too. The room was clean, modern, and well appointed, with a spacious bathroom. I have no complaints, and will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Olida
<Content>The Parc 55 met the expectations described here on tripadvisor We stayed at the Parc 55 Hotel from November 25th to December 1st with my wife and 2 and a half year old son. I have to say that there isn't much more I can add to my review that hasn't been said by most reviewers that have given the location 4 stars. Great location to Union Square and major shops. Walgreens across the street opens at 6 am so if you need any emergency supplies its very handy. The hotel itself is nothing special. The interior is quite bland and forgettable... a bit too much cream colour so everything sort of blends into one another. The staff was very nice and helpful. We stayed in a Club Room which is on the higher floors. Our room was on the 29th floor but we did hear the odd siren roar by from time to time during the night. The bedding and room interior was comfortable and clean. I paid $45 for a weeks worth of wifi internet for our room which is a bit much I think since I've stayed at Holiday Inns where you get it for free. The one thing I should warn people about is to not make too many calls from your room phone. They will charge you $1.00 to make a local call and in some instances charge you $4.99 for a long distance call even though the number has a 415 area code which is the San Francisco area. Even if you make a call and it rings and no one answers you will still be charged. Whats the deal with that? We had a couple of charges (the $4.99 kind) where it listed the call time as 0 minutes which I contested. The reception was reasonable enough to remove the charges but I'm sure a lot of people have paid for the charge which seems like free money for the hotel. Overall it was an alright experience but I think next time I would like to stay in a hotel with a bit more character.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>UKflightattendant
<Content>Excellent location in SF I have to admit, I didn't think I'd like this hotel. I think it might have been the awful architecture - it's hardly a pretty place - which looks very dated, and I suspected this might be reflected inside. However, I was pleasantly surprised.What really sells the Parc 55 is its location, right in the heart of things. Don't go and stay out in Fisherman's Wharf - this is where you really want to be. It is unfortunate that the panhandlers congregate very close to the hotel and I can understand that this might make some uncomfortable. However, as has been said, be polite and I don't think you'll get any trouble. The hotel is very handy if you're planning on taking a cable car, especially if you want an early start and to be ahead of the crowds and that long queue/line waiting to board. Also nearby are countless shopping opportunities, and the recently extended Westfield Mall is a great addition, with many familiar names.Rooms are remeniscent of many a hotel chain of this calibre. By this, I mean they're not especially individual, but I don't expect that from a property of this size. My room had two queen beds, and was, I felt, spacious for a US city-centre hotel - there aren't many I've stayed in which also accommodate a little lounge area with two cosy chairs! The 'bay' window style gives the room greater depth. Furnishings are pretty standard but of high quality and the room has a large closet with iron and ironing board. Altogether very comfortable. The bathroom is equally spacious with plenty of ameneties. The only thing which concerned me was the provision of earplugs - that didn't bode well! My room, on the 18th floor, wasn't exactly low but there is a fair level of noise throughout the night. Nothing more than the sounds of a major city, and I was only aware of it when I awoke during the night through jet-lag, but it might disturn some.I used the wireless internet access, though wired is also available in the room. Wireless fees were US$12.95 per. 24h. This I fee is reasonable, but then again, I am used to highly inflated fees in UK hotel rooms!A good option in SF if you want to be in the heart of it all, close to dining/shopping and with easy access to tourist opportunities.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>dc240v
<Content>A Very Pleasant Experience We found the hotel very comfortable and in a great location, a wonderful place to stay while exploring San Francisco. I dropped my bags off at the concierge stand before checking in and they arrived at my room minutes after I arrived. Later the concierge was very helpful in finding restaurants and getting tour information. If you can arrange it, stay in the club level floors, I think it is 27 and above, the club lounge is a great place to relax breakfast is free in the morning and hor'orderves and available in the evenings with an honor bar also available. Our corner room had breathtaking views of downtown San Francisco from the Embarcadero to the Golden Gate. This hotel will be high on my list when I return. We stayed the week of September 24th.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>travelSanFrancisco
<Content>Nice large room, in desperate need of renovation Although the Parc 55 is one of SF major hotels, I have never hear great things about it so I was just a bit skeptical. Because it is a large hotel, the room was a bit hard to find, it feels almost like a beehive. However, the room we got was a pretty large room with floor to ceiling windows on one side of the room. Even so, the room looks very much dated and in need of renovation. The carpet looks old, the furniture, the curtains, even the television. The windows also need cleaning. Although I was happy enough with the room, I would hesitate to rate it higher than 3 stars as shown on Expedia, and even their rates seem to high to me. The location of the hotel is both good and bad. It is right in front of the BART station, across from Westfield shopping center, down the street from major theaters and restaurants. But if you walk the opposite way, you are right in front of the Tenderloin area and should be very careful of walking around there. Unfortunately, there is not much the hotel can do about this except to warn you. Check in was quick and efficient. This was really the only interaction I had with the staff so I can not comment on them.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>willowy74
<Content>Lovely 4* hotel close to everything       bedroom  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dad0fTwins
<Content>Nice hotel with OK service Stayed at Parc 55 for conference in November. Travelled with my wife and twin 1year olds. Room was not ready until 4pm, but that was OK. After much waiting, the room they gave us was occupied by another person! After further waiting, they did accomadate us with a great room with cribs on a high floor with great view.Area is centrally located, but you do have to put up with panhandlers. Valet parking is $40/day + tax - better off in garage.Overall, it was OK for the money (I paid conference rates), but would not likely stay there again unless the rate was very low.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	4	1	4	3	

<Author>Mandy7162
<Content>Okay Hotel but nothing special It's a large hotel with almost 1000 rooms and 32 floors. We stayed on #23 with nice views over the city. The room was alright and clean but the water pressure is weak and it took up to 10 minutes to get hot water. Internet is not cheap either with $9.95. Unfortunately this is from noon to noon, no matter when you check in or out. Its centrally located near Market and Powell Street with BART, bus and cable car right next door and many shopping opportunities nearby.We booked relatively late and paid $229 (1st night) and $249 (2nd night). I would only go back if we could get a lower rate.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OCruiser
<Content>Good price for location and accomodations I know a lot of people hate big hotels, but I really enjoy them, and this one is no exception. It's very conveniently located to shopping and transportation (BART, MUNI). I know others have said that they found the vicinity unsafe, but I felt quite comfortable walking by myself in the evenings (and I'm a female). I didn't run into any panhandlers and it's so close to a busy shopping area that there are always a ton of people around.I found the rooms to be very up-to-date, clean and comfortable. Their bar soap (from a Pasadena company called Lather) was really nice and moisturizing. I didn't interact all that much with the hotel staff, but I did notice that every time in went in and out of the hotel, the doorman said hello with a smile I also ordered room service which was delivered in a timely fashion. The person that delivered my meal was very pleasant. The food was very nicely plated and surprisingly good for hotel food.I'd definitely recommend Parc 55 and stay there next time I'm in SF.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Flankster
<Content>Parc 55 still a walk in the park I had stayed at the Parc 55 (and its predecessor, the Ramada Renaissance) perhaps a half dozen times during the eighties and early nineties. I always enjoyed the location and found the rooms to be clean and comfortable. I was a little worried when I read some of the reviews here in Trip Advisor which warned of indifferent staff and aggressive panhandlers, but decided to book a room anyway. Even though there were a bunch of people waiting in line to check-in, the process was surprisingly quick and efficient. The room (and bed) was very comfortable, the street noise only minimally audible, and the staff was fine. Barring bad weather or physical problems, SF is a great city to walk around in ... Parc 55 is a great location ... I recommend walking to Bocadillos (Basque Restaurant) in the shadow of the Transamerica Building for a good walk and excellent (but casual) meal!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ontario_Sun_lovers
<Content>Skip this hotel We booked this hotel because the rate seemed reasonable for San Francisco but we feel we would have been better off paying a bit more for a better hotel. The room is not too bad but our bathroom was in the need of some updating and the plumbing needed some work. We waited for so long for our luggage to be delivered that my husband ended up going and getting it himself. When we approached the conceirge with a question he was rude even though he had been standing doing nothing at all. Don't plan on eating breakfast at the hotel as the prices are ridiculous. The best part about the hotel was the location for day travel. It is close to all means of transportation which is really important because you should avoid coming in by car if possible. The valet rate is $40 per night! There is really good shopping nearby however I do feel that this area is not safe at night. We went for a walk but returned very quickly because there were many, many beggars and street people as well as teenagers fighting in Union Square.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	3	1	1	

<Author>melglaz
<Content>Great Location, as long as you don't stray off the beaten path I just stayed at the 55 Parc for a conference in October 2007 and since I travel fairly often to SF I wanted to note that this was was one of the better hotel experiences that I've had in the city, despite the hugeness of the hotel.The hotel rooms are kept up quite nicely and the staff is very helpful. The lovely rose in my bathroom and the gourmet chocolates atturndown were a great touch. I'd definitely stay here again.Some things to note, this is a huge tour bus hotel, so don't plan on going in on a Saturday with no reservation and being accomodated - itwon't happen. Second, if you're a light sleeper ask for a room not onthe main street - I've been told you can hear the the cars all night long - they do leave a pair of ear plugs in every room but since I was there for work, I couldn't risk not hearing the alarm. Third, forthose unfamilar with the city, ask where not to walk! A few blocks inback of the hotel the area gets a bit sketchy, but if you pay attention, you'll notice the decline in the area right off - turn around and use the Bart, trolley or cable car to get where you want to go.There are some great places in SF and 55 Parc has moved up my list which is amazing since I tend to prefer the smaller boutique hotels.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Minivern
<Content>Not fabulous, but pretty nice.... We stayed at the Parc 55 in October, 2007. We found it to be a nice hotel. Its courteous staff and superb location prompt me to give it a 4 star rating. As just noted, one of the hoteIs best assets is its location, which is conveniently situated to easy access to Union Square, BART, and the nearby conference center. That being said, however, the rooms are not well sound-proofed, and as the hotel is in the 'heart' of things, it can be a very noisy place to stay. During the night, we heard not only street noise (sirens, people shouting, garbage trucks) from our 16th floor room, but we also heard other guests coming and going (one particularly loud party woke us from a sound sleep at 2:15am). If you are sensitive to noise, you may want to consider asking for a room on a higher floor or taking earplugs with you for your stay at this hotel. Our room was comfortable, especially the bed. However, the decor was somewhat dated and didn't feel at all 'fresh.' The even more dated, large hotel bathroom somehow felt a little grimy -- perhaps because of its dated fixtures and circa 1980s tiles, but it also might have felt that way as a result of the the fact that some of the floor tiles were dirty. I like things really clean when I stay in a hotel (my husband would say I'm too picky), so the dirty floor tiles bugged me.We were unable to locate the safe in the room, but otherwise found everything we needed, includind hair dryer, iron, and coffee-maker. The staff we encountered were very courteous and professional, and this included everybody from housekeeping to the concierge (Rob was especially helpful) to the bell hops. After calling the front desk and asking for a nail file, as I'd forgottent to pack mine, one was delivered to my room within 5 minutes by a nice man. This expeditious, friendly service was a nice bonus.I would stay at this hotel again for its location and friendly staff, but wouldn't recommend it to someone who is really sensitive to dated room decor, somewhat dirty bathroom floor tiles, or noise. Although it isn't the nicest place I've stayed in SF, it is comfortable and was a terrific value for the area at $130/night via Priceline.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>spoon47
<Content>In like Flynt       View from the room  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>santamonica2006
<Content>Nice location, good hotel       relaxing in the room  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>windvalley
<Content>Great location, great hotel My bf and I stayed at the Parc 55 Hotel for 1 night while exploring the city for 2 days. The front desk and concierge were fantastic and helpful, check in wasn't until 3pm but they gave me a room at 11am. The room wasn't huge and our view wasn't great but it faced away from the street (8th floor) so didn't have that much street noise. The location was superb, just steps from BART, shopping and Cable Car. I can definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Marmont
<Content>Turn left... Needed a stopver hotel on the way back to NZ so I picked Parc 55 from Tripadvisor. Good choice.Super easy to get to from the airport - just get the BART ($5.15) to Powell. Hotel is on 5th and Market.35 floors, 1000+ Rooms, close to the cable car and Union Sq shops.No mini bar so ventured out late Sat night to find a liquor store. Turned right out of main doors. Straight into George A Romero's Land of the Dead. Welcome to the Tenderloin. I don't think I've ever felt more scared in a major city. This is wino/crackhead country, you absorb the despair. In fact, just like in the zombie movies these unfortunates seem to accost you in slow motion, so it's all very Shaun of the Dead and not truly threatning after 5 minutes, but not the place to take your Mom for an evenin' stroll.Despite this, the hotel is great; $10 superb martinis in the piano lounge, sports bar, cheapest/best Thai restauraunt in SF all on site. For Happy Hour turn left out of main doors and go to Puccini  Pinetti on Magnin and Ellis - $3 for a glass of wine, $4 for a small pizza and well classy hotel attached.The Parc 55 is a big hotel with a big heart. Great location for zombie movie directors and money concious tourists alike.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Musclebearnz
<Content>A few problems, but never the less, a good experience Arrived at the Parc Fifty Five last Thursday night, just after midnight. Got a great rate on Expedia for a view room and requesteda high floor (the hotel has 32 floors). I was given a room on the 14th floor. On arriving in the room, I found the room had not been cleaned after the previous guests had checked out. Trapsed all the way back to reception to complain. Some other guests were at reception complaining of the same thing!! The reception agent wasnt too pleasant and it seemed to be my fault the room hadnt been cleanedproperly.. He gave me a room on the 9th floor.. Hardly a high floor view room which was what was requested. Next morning, I got an earlywake up call at 7am.. Unfortunately, I never requested a wake up call, again, the caller wasnt that pleasant or apologetic. Those were the only negative aspects of the stay!The room and facilities were lovely. After arriving from London and staying in a minute and cramped London hotel room, this room was hugeby comparison. The facilities were great, lovely bed and a coffee maker that make beautiful coffee. The cleaning staff were lovely. On checking out, the doorman was excellent and rung the airport shuttle service twice to give them a hurry up as they were late picking me up.The hotel is in the Tenderloin region, which means a few homeless people around, but I never find them a problem, some of the time, they are very colourful and humourous, Ive never felt threatened by them. The hotel is also in a great location, right at the exit to thePowell St Bart/Muno station.Would definitely stay again..  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>badbadsal
<Content>Great first experience       bathroom parc 55  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>korokoro
<Content>Excellent room, great location. Good value via Hotwire Excellent room, great location. The deal via Hotwire was exceptional (less than $100) so the value was superb. Shame the high speed net isn't free.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	3	3	-1	2	

<Author>mahenry
<Content>Loved the Place We went for our 40th anniversary on Sept 5, 2007 for 4 nts. and had a wonderul time. The location is ideal for any transportation. Took the Bart right from the airport and only cost $5.15 each. It is practically out the door from the station. The Cable, trolleys,buses etc. are across the street. We were only a few blocks from the theatre and Union Square 2 blocks away with all the shopping you could want.The service at the hotel was excellent, we had a real sweetheart at the desk that could not have been nicer. Stayed on the 26th floor with a gorgeous view of the city. The room was spacious, nicely decorated and very clean. The bed was comfortable. I would recommend staying above the 19th floor because there is city noise and construction noise that may bother you. We had breakfast at the Club room each morning and it was wonderful with great service, they also had drinks etc. in the evening with a fabulous view from the 31st floor.The concierge desk is very helpful with all your needs and directions for what to see being taken care of.The only down side was $40. a day to park. We flew in so that was not a problem and after our stay we headed back to the airport rented a car and finished our trip to Napa,Reno and Tahoe. We figured we would not need a car in the city. Also if you will be there a few days or more get a pass for all the transportation for a flat rate. It was $18 for 3days, where as just a cable car ride one way was $5. so a very good deal.For safety reasons if i were a woman in the area on my own I would not be out late alone, San Francisco does have a lot of homeless so take cabs if necessary.I would definitely book again online and stay at Parc 55 and recommend anyone else to do so. You will not do better anywhere in the city for your money.Hope this helped and enjoy your trip!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>colkiwi
<Content>Great Location We booked a two night weekend stay through Expedia. The room we reserved was a view room located on floors number 20-26. Our room rate for the entire stay was $350 including all taxes and fees.We arrived ten minutes prior to the 3pm check in time. The line was fairly long with about twelve people ahead of us. All reservation counter space was manned and we waited less than ten minutes to begin the check in process. The courteous clerk took our information and offered us a room on the 19th floor. I mentioned that our reservation was for a view designated room on floors 20-26. His response was that our room did have a view. All of us know that every hotel room with a window has a view....of something. San Francisco is one of the more picturesque cities of the world and a view of the city was important to us. Upon arrival to our 19th floor room we were astounded with the sweeping view. From Union Square to the financial district to the bay beyond, it was stunning. Our reservation also included a king size bed, not the queen sized that came with this room. We decided not to request a room change for fear of losing the view. The room was spotless and the housekeeping staff was quick and efficient. The furniture was a bit out dated but showed no signs of scratches, dents or other guest trauma. I would recommend staying on the highest floor you can manage to mitigate the traffic noise from the street. On the 19th we could still hear passing sirens and the clang of the cable cars. The location of this property is fantastic. Two blocks to Union Square and a block from Market. World class resteraunts and shopping are just steps away....however.Be mindful that the Tenderloin district is adjacent to the hotel. The street vibe there becomes a little rough after sundown. If your'e searching for the road less traveled this is definitely not it. Parc 55 is a lovely property within a unique and vibrant city. I hope that you enjoy them both!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LynnClarke
<Content>Great Location This hotel is in a great location. Only yards from cable car, trams and buses. Ideal for shopping centre and eating out. On the plus side the hotel rooms are big, clean and beds are comfy. We also had complimentary breakfast in the club room and soft drinks were on offer P.M. On the down side we could hear street noise and sirens at night even though we were on the 27th floor.. On our first night I found a blob of poo on the toilet floor. I guess if I had rung housekeeping they would have dealt with it, but I felt it wasn't worth making a fuss. Although it did mar my initial feelings about the place. I also have to say that this was the only thing that offended me on the cleanliness of the hotel and I guess it was just and over sight of the maid... We stayed here a week and I have to say that everything else was fine.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>sweetka
<Content>Never again Pros: LocationCons: Everything. Parking expensive. Food is terrible. Rooms are way outdated. Dont stay on lower floors (we stayed on 8th) and you can hear everything that is happening on the street. Sirens of all kinds all night long.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	4	2	3	2	2	

<Author>Gifford
<Content>Massive room and great bed My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights at the start of a round California trip. Like most other comments we found the hotel very central for the shopping and was virtually the first building we saw as we came out of the BART station. Like others we felt the downside was the number of beggars in the vicinity of the Powell Street station, but this just seems to be a fact of life in San Francisco.The hotel is enormous and on arriving found the check-in extemely fast and we were upgraded to a mini suite which consisted of an enormous room with a massive bed and a sitting area with a 3 piece suite. The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was large if a little dated, but overall we were extemely impressed.The public areas were attractive and there was cocktail lounge and seperate sports bar where you could have very reasonably priced food (although we didn't eat there). Checkout was also very quick and we found all the staff pleasant.I would recommend the cafe next to the hotel for breakfast and there is a large food court with various different types of restaurants in the mall across the road.There are more attractive parts of the city in which to stay but overall for conveience and value I would highly recommend the Parc 55.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>AnnaSeattle
<Content>great location The loaction is gr8. You are only a block away from Bart station, MUNI stops and cable car turnaround. The visitors center is also there. From the airport, we took the BART and reached the hotel with no hassles. There is plenty of shopping and restaurants close by. There is a cafe next to the hotel where u can get small eateries, milk, juices etc. The hotel was clean and the service prompt. Our stay was pleasant and I would definately consider staying there again.The only bad experience was at a chinese restaurant right across the hotel (near the burger king). The prices were atrocious..we paid about 50 usd for one fried rice and one chicken dish. There was a 15% gratutity added to the bill for serving two items at a table for 2. Then there is still space left for you to add a tip. So if you miss the gratutity addition, you may end up paying adding tip.The portions were small and did little to fill us. (we went to burger king later and ate again). The moment you are seated, a trolley with different appetizers appear and they hard sell to make you buy it. The way it is presented, you are led to believe that it is complimentary. Thankfully, I asked !! Beware!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UKAlex500
<Content>Great Location, fabulous staff As I was travelling on business with a contingency from the UK I didn't really have much of a choice as to where I stayed, however I was extremely happy when I checked into my room at the Parc 55. The last couple of days of the trip were vacation so I had intended to move hotels and stay closer to Fisherman's Wharf but instead I extended my stay at the Parc 55. Being a bit of a shopaholic this was perfectly situated, 5 mins from Union Square with Macy's, Tiffany's, Nike Town  a host of designer stores and then a huge shopping mall the other side of the hotel. Also great for the cable car to Fishermans Wharf, etc. I guess the only thing I might have gained from a hotel at Fisherman's Wharf was a nice view. I understand that there is building work going on over the road from one side of the hotel so if you're intending to lie-in in the mornings ask to be the otherside. The main downside starts to appear at night when some of the streets start to fill with unsavoury types and being female I didn't feel particularly safe. Yes you get this in most cities but SFO seemed to have more than it's fair share.Staff were very helpful. The hotel lounge bar closed very early although there is a smaller bar on the lower ground floor but I didn't find it as confy as the lounge. A tip if you are sightseeing might be to contact the concierge before your stay to see if they can book tickets for some of the attractions on the days you want to go, we left it too late for Alcatraz.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>chuckenpen
<Content>Great Location My husband and i stayed at Parc 55 hotel for 3 nights in August/September. We booked a double deluxe room at $129pn. I have mixed feelings about this hotel as there was good and bad about it. The room was a good size, with a seating area near the window. The bathroom was small and dated, but the shower was really powerful. Our view was down on a back street which was extremely noisy at night. The safe was broken so we couldn't use it. The real thing this hotel has going for is the location, it is in the heart of some serious shops, the cable car, BART and tram is a two minute walk from the hotel. All in all if you are not too fussy about your room this is a great place to stay.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>kaelifeisgood
<Content>Fantastic Service  We just spent a get-away-weekend at the Parc 55. It was within walking distance of so many different attractions. Shopping was a couple of blocks away. We walked to Fisherman's Wharf (about 20 to 25 blocks), walked all over once we got there, and took a trolley car back within one block from the Parc. Took a little side trip through Chinatown. It was a wonderful hotel and GREAT service. We thoroughly enjoyed every minute of our stay. The bed was super comfortable, plenty of extra pillows. FANTASTIC EXPERIENCE. We'll definitely be back to the Parc.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EmRC
<Content>Loved this hotel! This was our first time staying at this hotel. We stayed during Labor Day weekend - August 31-September 6, 2007. The service was excellent everywhere. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly - everyone! That includes the front desk, concierge, bell hops, maids, Veranda breakfast staff, etc. We will definitely recommend this hotel to friends and families. And when we visit again, we'll definitely stay at this hotel!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Traveler10017
<Content>Very Clean, Poor Reservations Service We stayed at the hotel for one night for a family gathering. We made reservations through the hotel website. A day prior to checkin, I called the hotel to confirm our reservation. I was told that I have TWO reservations under my name, for TWO nights each. I asked the person I was speaking with to fix it to be ONE reservation for ONE night, and he said that he did it. At check-in, we were told that we've got two reservations, which means that the person I spoke to on the phone did not fix the reservation to correspond to what we booked on the hotel website. So, at check-in, they fixed it to ONE reservation, but told us that a king room, non-smoking is unavailable, only king smoking and double non-smoking are available. Time being 6:30 (checkin time is published to be 3:00), I got irritated and the front desk rep IMMEDIATELY found one more non-smoking king room that we initially reserved. But he did not see in the system that our promotional rate had free breakfast vouchers included in the rate. He took another 15 minutes to verify that and we got our vouchers (needless to say that the folio under our door the next morning prior to checkout had charges for those breakfast vouchers that were supposed to come free with our promotional rate. They fixed that when we came down to complain). On to the good part -- the room was the cleanest room i've ever been to. Not a stain was anywhere -- which is great in my book, and redeems the poor front desk service. The hallways are spacious and clean; as are the common areas. The buffet breakfast is excellent, and there is a piano bar upstairs, as well a a really delicious and suprisingly cheap Thai restaurant on the second floor. All in all, I LOVED the hotel, and would recommend it to anyone who appreciates a nice, clean room and spotless linens more than a seamless check-in experience.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	2	-1	-1	

<Author>wycwand
<Content>Great location - Loved the beds We had wonderful stay at the Parc 55, the location is excellent for the shops, restaurant and cable car.The beds are very comfortable just what you need after a hard days sight seeing.Useful tip - Walk up one stop from the cable car station to save waiting in the queue.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>phlavorful
<Content>Good Location       My baby in the room  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EarlyGirl
<Content>Not fabulous, but OK We stayed at the Parc 55 last Saturday night while we were in town for a wedding. The entrance to the hotel is not striking; as a matter of fact we spent time trying to figure out where the front door was! The lobby is elegant, although in kind of a wierd layout. In the room things were clean and the furnishings were nice and looked new. The bathroom was serviceable but somewhat small and the amenities were basic (soap, shampoo, creme rinse, no shower cap.) On a low shelf in the bathroom was a one-cup coffee maker that you apparently put on the bathroom counter and plug it in there if you want in-room coffee. The two full-sized beds that we requested and got were comfortable with lots of pillows. The TV remote did not work.As far as I could tell, none of the rooms at the Parc 55 have a breathtaking view - it's mostly rooftops and other buildings.The biggest thing that I didn't like was the inconsistency of staff coverage. When my parents drove up into the valet driveway, there was no one there to come and take their bags. So we had to commandeer a cart, pack it with the luggage and bring it inside (which we later found out was against hotel rules, putting us in a no-win situation.) Another day, we needed a taxi. But there was no one at the valet station to call one for us. We ended up walking down the street until we found one. These are not horrible things, but they are basics that I expect from a 4-star hotel. On the upside, the hotel is in a safe location to walk to Market Street, including the cable cars, the Union Square Amtrak bus stop and the Powell St. BART station. From this hotel, you can ride transit and get just about anywhere in the city. Just be careful not to walk west of the hotel via Ellis St.: it will take you straight into the Tenderloin neighborhood which is not safe.Would I stay here again? If the price was right and I didn't want to bring a car into the city, I'd say yes. If I was looking to spend a lot of relaxing/pampering time in the hotel, probably not.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>drosne01
<Content>Unacceptable and Definitely not a Four-Star Hotel My recent stay at the Parc 55 was unacceptable. I attempted to check into my room at 5pm. However, I was told that there were no clean rooms and that they would rush a room and have it ready within one hour. One hour later the room still was not available. After an hour and a half we left and went to dinner. We were finally able to check in at about 10pm.The first person I spoke with behind the desk was rude and unapologetic, even though we were checking in at 5pm, which was two hours after their scheduled check in time. What four star hotel does not have its rooms cleaned two hours after its posted check in time? The second person I spoke to behind the desk (an hour and a half later) was pleasant and offered a complimentary meal in the hotel's restaurant without prompting, and seemed surprised that the other person I spoke with hadn't exteneded the same courtesy. This was nice, but I would rather have been able to check into my room without having to wait. Even Motel 6 has its rooms cleaned on time!!The room itself was nicely appointed, but the windows were not sound proof at all. From the 24th floor I could still clearly hear sirens and traffic below. Finally, the hotel lobby bathrooms, which I had to use while waiting to check in, were not clean. In fact, they were disgusting. One toilet was backed up and the other was out of toilet paper. Again, not what I would expect in any hotel, let alone one that claims to be a four star hotel. I will post some photos shortly.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	1	-1	-1	

<Author>allydee
<Content>A great Hotel Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in August and found it to be a ferfect base for our holiday in San Francisco. Rooms were first class. Restaurant staff were very efficient and friendly. There were a few vagrants in the vicinity but this was of no problem. A good place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Minnx
<Content>This is an excellent all rounded hotel Cool dude place we think !!Great location in city centre with all the facilities within a block of the front door,Big hotel feel, though were made very welcome by the resturant staff in particular.Nice pub in the building which also served excellent food,Excellent room with ultra quiet ACDid not have much time to use all of the excellent facilities as we were out and about all day, and tired out by night time.Very comfortable beds.Fantasic view from room across Market Street, the centre and the bay from the 8th floor.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>hmmmmmmmm
<Content>Great Location, Great Hotel, Comfy Beds Booked 2 rooms through bidding on Priceline and got a great price. I called 4 days before and requested 1 room with a king and 1 room with 2 doubles and non-smoking for both rooms. The hotel honored the request when we checked in. We got rooms on the 25th floor with great views. Rooms were beautiful, beds were very comfy. Parking is expensive, but the valet was very efficient. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>CACruzin
<Content>Great location My daughter  I just returned from an overnight excursion to San Francisco. The staff was incredibly helpful and friendly. Being a little bit leary after reading some unfavorable reviews, I asked for a quiet room and was given 969 which I thought was a quiet room for the heart of downtown San Francisco - and we live on remote acreage in the California mountains. There was no waiting when we checked in at 6:30 p.m. The beds were comfortable with a selection of pillows. We loved the fresh air vents below the windows  left them open all the time. They have a well-equipped exercise room and we fit in a free-weight workout. All of our driving was done during the day of arrival. After checking in, we drove up the block to a 24 hour garage to save $20 on the SUV. These type garages do not have in  out privileges, but that's fine, because from the Parc's location you can walk or take the cable car almost anywhere. It is located at the Powell Street cable car turn around. We walked to the financial district for dinner and came back through Chinatown. We didn't try the restaurants or room service. All in all it was a fantastic experience for the price we paid.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Brossie
<Content>Good choice for downtown We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights at the end of our trip around California. I had chosen the Parc 55 for it's location as I knew we'd be doing last minute shopping. As other reviews have mentioned it is ideally placed for public transport and very handy to Union Square and Westfield shopping centre.We were upgraded to Club room (27th floor and above?) and this was a pleasant surprise. Very nicely decorated room, 2 double beds, large tv etc. The Club Lounge was a bonus for us but I definately would not pay to use it. The food was pretty meagre for the hors d'oeuvres and desserts - better for breakfast. The Lounge was closed on Saturday (take note if you are thinking of paying for this!) and no evening service on Friday so we only got 2 breakfasts and 1 evening in the end! The staff in the Lounge were very disinterested. The dressing gowns in our room were great though!Didn't try any of the restaurants but the coffee shop next door is good for breakfast. We ate at the foodcourt at Westfield in the evenings - excellent range and healthy options (for a change!).Overall, an excellent location. And definately ditch the rental car - no need for it and very expensive to park.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>TVTravel
<Content>Location, Location, Location San Francisco is a terrible place to bring a car. Hotels charge $35 - $55 a day to park yours (plus tax). Finding a hotel that makes using public transportation easy helps avoid the neeed for a car. The Parc 55 is the perfect place if you fly into SFO, then take the BART (Bay Area Rapid Transit) train into the city. It is right next door to the Powell St. station. It's one block to the cable car terminus, about 3 blocks to Union Square, 5 blocks to SFMOMA. A vintage trolley car runs up and down Market Street for easy access to the Ferry Building and even onwards to Fisherman's Wharf.Booking online revealed several unadvertised bargain rates and went smoothly in May. When I tried to repeat the experience in July, the website totally hung up and I ended up booking in another nearby hotel.Check-in went smoothly with none of the problems other reviewers have mentioned. The rooms are on the nice end of normal. Ask for a high floor if you want fantastic city views.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>lhutchins13
<Content>Great time at the Parc 55! My husband and I just got back from San Francisco and had a wonderful time staying at the Parc 55. Check in was surprisingly --fast! We arrived early around 11 and were immediately given our room on the 5th floor. The view was great, overlooking the shops from downtown. The location was wonderful, we bought a 3 day muni pass and hopped on the trolley (which is right across the road) or bus daily to take us to the wharf or wherever we needed to go. Also took the Bart to the airport --very convenient. The room was comfortable, not the best I have stayed in, but nice compared to other places I have stayed in San Francisco.Everyone at the hotel was very nice. The sportsbar has a happy hour and cheaper drink prices. I suggest hit them up during this time to save $.Overall, we can't wait to go back. Very nice experience.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Public_Dave
<Content>So-so experience I had a mixed experience at the hotel. I found the front desk staff quite helpful, although some of the rest of the service staff were found wanting. I flew in straight from Hong Kong to San Francisco. My flight arrived early and so I arrived at the hotel at 10am. I was told that check in was not until 3pm so I had to leave my bags and walk around. That was fine - the excellent location of the hotel meant I could walk to ATT park and see a Giants game (Bonds went 0-for-5, sadly). When I returned at around 5pm, I got a room, and asked for my bags. The bellhop got me to go into the storage area with him, and then grabbed my bag, walked past me unnecessarily into the lobby, plonked my bag on the ground and looked at me expectantly. If I had wanted that service, or if he'd brought my bag up to my room, I might have tipped him, but that was a bit much.When I got to my room, I discovered that there was no remote control. I knew I'd be up in the wee hours, so I wanted to get my remote before I fell asleep, exhausted. I went down to the front desk to ask for it, and they said they'd send it up right away. After an hour, I called and asked what had happened. They said that they would bring it right away (again). I waited another 45 minutes, wondering whether the surly bellhop had blackballed me, and fighting sleep back at the same time.Finally the housekeeping staff came with my remote and I was able to drift off to dreamland. The bed was comfortable.I was able to survey the room better when I awoke at 4am. The room I had got was large. However, the bathroom was a little bit of a let-down, with 80s style bathroom tiles.Overall, the hotel is a worthy 4-star hotel in terms of its physical appearance and offerings. I just wish the service had been better.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	2	3	

<Author>Mme_X
<Content>Great room and location, some minor service problems This feels like a good business-class hotel in a Marriott category. My overall rating mostly reflects a very comfortable room in a great location (right at the Powell Street BART station on Market Street, near Union Square.)Room 2763 is a very good size, with two double beds looking towards Union Square (visible a LITTLE bit between the buildings) and the Coit Tower in the distance. Nice-size bathroom with many toiletries -- but no hair dryer that I could find. Spotless housekeeping. The desk (chipped on the edges) could be a good work surface, and there is an internet connection (with an ethernet cord in the room) for $12 a day.We paid extra for this room with entitles the guest to the club lounge, breakfast, and evening snacks. While not bad, I'm not sure I'd upgrade again. The lounge itself is nice enough with an excellent view (same as our room, but on the 31st floor), tables and lounge chairs, nice continental-plus buffet breakfast of pastries, cereals, fruit, juices, etc. The evening has cocktails ($6 for wine) and hors d'oeuvres, which were not that impressive -- small assortment of hot hors d'oeuvres and really mundane cheese selection. There were a few complimentary newspapers around to be used in the lounge (I think, since there were so few.) Like any Club lounge I've seen, it can get a little crowded at some times in the morning.I could deal with these minor imperfections if not for the issues with the Club lounge management. When we first stopped in, the manager and assistant seemed more concerned with talking to each other than greeting guests. We would also find that guests often had a problem with their pass key-cards to enter, which often meant guests would knock (pound) on the locked door. Rather than assume that these were guests with key problems, the attitude seemed to be that these were Club-crashers. This could easily be verified since Club guests have a different color card. But no -- the Manager scolded anyone who might open the door, but he was VERY slow in trying to come to the door -- leaving the guest outside pounding the door, and those inside having to listen to it. Couldn't an assistant manage something? Further, I believe that the staff should be able to have their meal break, but this sometimes meant that NO ONE was minding the door -- again resulting in a guest, sooner or later, pounding the door. Also: the evening hors d'oeuvres were scheduled to go until 7:30. When we stopped in at 7:10 to grab something quickly, the food had all been cleaned up, and an evening dessert was not out yet.The slips continued. I met my sister at this hotel, where she would check in the following day. I reminded the staff about this at my check-in. Supposedly they entered her name. The following evening, I stopped by the desk to remind the desk staff to expect her later that evening. When they checked, there was no record of her name. They dutifully re-entered the information. When she checked in later, there was STILL no record of her name, which resulted in a late-night call to the room to give permission to send her up. To top it off: they gave her a room key-card that did NOT correspond to a Club level -- which resulted in problems at breakfast the next morning in the Club lounge until we got it corrected. (Also funny: the desk clerk mentioned, You don't have the same last name as your sister, I think questioning her story. We are in our 50's, and I'm married. Are different names of married sisters so surprising???!!!???)The hotel has a nice, sunny second-floor public lounge, bar, and restaurant. We didn't eat here or have drinks, but it could have been a nice possibility. There are free newspapers for guests in this area -- stocked much better than on the Club lounge!!!The take-away: we'd be happy to stay here again since the room was like a good Marriott-quality place at a better price, and the location is excellent if you want to use the BART from the airport and be convenient to Union Square. I'd still check other options for price/value, but I could return here and be pretty happy if I could overlook the service slips. I understand the need for security at any hotel, but this place gets a bit undiplomatic ans slipshod in trying to manage it. Further, the Club lounge was not very impressive, and there are other good-to-much better alternatives for breakfast, drinks, etc. nearby. Do it only if you want a not bad continental breakfast without having to go far, if the additional price is reasonable.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	2	3	

<Author>N&GB6
<Content>Lovely hotel , great access.. Large hotel with gym, sports bar, chinese  a la carte restaurants, which were all reasonable priced  hotel bar.We had a room at the end or a corridor and the view of the city was fantastic, the windows were large and gave a panoramic view. The bed was wonderful, duvet  pillows. Room cleanliness was also good but you could hear some traffic noise even though we were on 8th floor. Easy walking access to shopping and cable car. Coffee shop right outside. It appeared to be in an area with a high volume of homeless people but as you travel round the city, there are homeless people everywhere.Trip to Alcatraz worth doing  spending day at Fisherman's wharf  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>nuramirez
<Content>Just Ok We selected the hotel because of location and we had a good rate, $139.00 per night. We stayed from Jun 30 - Jul 5.Check in was terrible. Eventhough I booked the hotel 6 months in advance and I sent an e-mail re-confirming my late arrival and my requested room (no-smoking, 2 double beds), they didn't have it and I needed to change rooms the following day. New room was clean and had a great view of the city.Parking was pricey but convenient, too many homeless in the area. If IT WASN'T FOR THE HOMELESS, the location of this hotel is very good; a minute walk from BART, cable car turn-around, muni buses, many shops. The visitor center is a block away, very convenient. Express check out was easy and fast. I think I will not stay again.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	1	3	1	

<Author>goRedSox1
<Content>Loved the Parc 55! We stayed at the Parc 55 the week of 4th of July. We had one minor bump in our check in process - they had our last name spelled wrong (most likely an error in transferring the reservation from Expedia) so it took an extra minute to locate our reservation, otherwise this place was top notch! It couldn't be more convenient to public transportation around the city and to the airport. You are right in the heart of Union Square. We had breakfast each morning from the small coffee shop on the corner - it was cheap and easy. The only hotel restaurant we ate at was the pub - a little pricey, but what do you expect?We found the rooms to be very nice and the beds comfortable. The only thing was the bathroom didn't have a vent so it got quite steamy in there.I would definitely stay at the Parc 55 again - it is a great hotel for a great price!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>IndianaDan
<Content>Good hotel, but don't park at the Parc! Hotel was reasonably clean, but the room was a bit dated and the carpet was pretty old. Staff friendly, but carry cash for frequent tipping! Breakfast at the hotel restaurant was good, but rather pricey (almost $20 per adult). I do not recommend the valet parking at the hotel- - it is also somewhat costly and you have to often wait for a long period while they retrieve your car. I recommend parking at one of the nearby garages if you don't plan on driving in and out frequently. I paid $15 for overnight parking a block or so away, versus $40 plus tax and valet tips in the hotel garage.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Ileftmyheartinsf
<Content>Parc 55, awesome views        SF fog  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>savtrav22
<Content>Great location Stayed at this hotel in June for 2 nights for business, hotel is steps from the Powell St. BART and couldn't be more convenient for travel to and from the airport. The rooms were clean with comfortable beds. No WIFI, internet is available via broadband for additional charge. Breakfast at the 2nd floor restaurant is pricey, better to go to the great and inexpensive coffee shop adjacent to the hotel. The area is teeming with great shopping and restaurants. Concierge did a fantastic job of recommending places to eat, and arranged transportation for us at no cost to one of those restaurants one evening. Cable cars departed one block over. Check in and check out were very busy, the hotel seems to be home base for flight crews for both Delta Airlines and Singapore Air, so if you arrive/depart when those airlines are dumping flight crews in or out, then you are in for a wait. As many other reviewers have said, I was astounded by the homeless - I have traveled around the world in many major cities and have never seen so many homeless, and was startled by how aggressive they were (although not at all threatening, just aggressive in panhandling.) You are very near the tenderloin district so be cautious where you go when you leave the hotel. All in all great stay for the cost and location and I would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	2	4	3	

<Author>tim150978
<Content>Still suffering Had to check in 3 times, staff were unable to competently check people in to rooms, heard at least 2 people complain that the valet had lost their car and then we were double charged for the room. When hotel was contacted they claimed I had not been charged even though I could show them it on my statement!! Then claimed I had said ok to a $20 fee for a room with a view even though I never had.This has been on going and they still have not resolved it. If you dont like your money, your car or good customer service, this is the place to go, otherwise stay in one of the nearby hotels. They are nicer, just as cheap and dont ruin your trip.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	1	3	

<Author>BostonVince
<Content>For the money, Parc 55 couldn't be better Check in around 1pm was quick and easy, and got a room right away. We did see long lines at the desk at times, and several large flight crews from Singapore Airlines checking in.It isn't possible to get any closer to BART or the MUNI, a godsend for travelers using public transit. As previously stated, proximity to shopping is superb.There were homeless people and some panhandlers around Powell Station, but they were totally harmless. Traveling frequently to NYC, we probably look more streetwise than some of the other reviewers not used to the city. No one ever approached us, even walking through the Tenderloin towards Civic Center. I do not recommend this area to anyone not used to being in major cities.Room on 29th floor was great. Nice and large and very clean. Good bathroom products by Lather. Bed was extremely comfortable. Fresh air vents were great (but of course give you a little more noise). At times we turned off the AC and just opened those vents. Noise level really was minimal, even with the building going up next store. Besides, noise is intrinsic to cities. Anyone who can't stand noise should take a country vacation. Housekeeping does like to knock a lot, to check whether the room is ok. It seemed like overkill to us.Breakfast in club lounge was adequate. Fresh fruits, meats and cheeses, hot and cold cereal, bagels, breads and danish. Starbucks coffee was a real kickstart in the morning. The afternoon snack was ok, no where near what other hotels put out in their concierge lounge, but the Parc 55 also cost a fraction of what those other hotels charge. The evening dessert was a nice touch, and perfect since we usually don't have room for dessert at that evening's restaurant. Speaking of restaurants, we tried the Siam Thai Noodle both in the hotel (many restaurants were closed for the 4th of July) and across the street. Both were fantastic.Express check out could not have been easier. All in all I very highly recommend this hotel and will stay here next trip to SF.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hombresg33
<Content>Location We stayed 4-nights in a regular room on the 19th floor for $99 a night. The location of the hotel was great, next to Union Square. A lot of little shops and major stores in the area, also plenty of homeless. Being from LA my wife and I weren't put off by them. The room was extremely well maintained and cleaned very well. Very comfortable bed with lots of pillows, loved the view . The bathroom was great with overhead shower...nice. The soaps were first rate (Lather) and the maid service was also great. Great location next to Bart, Powell lines, Will be back.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>FightOn
<Content>Wonderfull Staff, Great Hotel I frequently travel to SF on business and had struggled to find a hotel I would come back to on subsequent trips, but with the Parc 55 I finally found one (at least until it was no longer a Marriott property).Right away upon checking in I was recognized as a Marriott Elite member and given an upgrade to a room on the concierge level. The concierge lounge provided a decent selection of hot appetizers during dinner time and desserts later in the evening. It also had great 180 degree views of SF.The hotel itself was spotless, very classy and well maintained. The best part however was the service. I was in town for a convention and my fiancee was with me, she got very ill and we did not know what to do between check out time of 11am and 5pm (when my convention ended). The hotel arranged for her to see a local doctor and then allowed her to stay in the room until 4pm.Even though I'm a Marriott person, would consider staying here again because of the wonderful service.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sharon098
<Content>Great Hotel Just spent 4 days at Parc 55. We had a club room on the 29th floor which was well worth the money. Large room and great bathroom, turn down service each evening .Our room had great view of the city and bay area we could also see the fireworks on the 4th July. Nice club room on the 31st floor great breakfast and tea time snacks also drinks available to club room guest.Location of hotel is excellant yes lots of homeless about but as other reviews have said not the hotels fault.Service at hotel and checkin was also hassle free.1st vist to SF hotel and city were great.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WAFC
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed in this hotel twice during a recent visit to San Francisco with my nephew. The hotel is in a very accessible part of town near to the major bus, street car, cable car and BART routes (you can get to Powell Street BART direct from SFO Airport in about 30 minutes + 5 minute walk to the hotel). Big indoor shopping centre just across the road. Rooms are a good size for a downtown hotel and clean. Hotel staff friendly too.If you like Icecream there is a great place just round the corner (Coldstone Creamery on Ellis Street). If you like Burgers try TAYLORS at the Ferry BuildingOnly 2 downsides1) Hotel obviously caters mainly for the business traveller as the internet access is not free and is expensive if all you want to do is send a quick email home2) Hotel is on the edge of one of the bad areas of San Francisco. There were lots of odd characters hanging around outside the hotel and the nearby cash machine. However, if you keep your eyes open you should not get into any bother.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	1	

<Author>PBNL
<Content>Good place to stay in SF Great hotel, excellent location. Next to a BART station, so a direct and easy connection to the airport. The little pastry shop at the left side of the hotel has great coffee and sandwiches. Large room with a large, comfy bed. The rooms may be starting to get a bit worn down, but at least the are clean! Recommended!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>mole
<Content>Location,Location       bathroom  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>midliferDallas_Texas
<Content>reservations needs work Made our reservation online and took the precaution of printing out the entire reservation confirmation and taking it with me as a result of reading other travelers' experiences. Good thing I did because at check in, there was NO record of any reservation at all! When we got home, (reservations were on 28,29 June) we found that our mastercard had been charged for a no-show on the 22nd of June, the day I had made the reservations! Several calls on eternal hold with accounting, then a fax had to be sent, a call to my credit card company protesting the amount and just finally today we (think) resolved everything with a very nice lady in reservations. It seems a lot of hassle for something that should have been a no-brainer. That said, the hotel is in a prime location next to everything. The bedding is newer and the mattress comfortable, the bathroom clean and of adequate size.We had an upper level room (15th floor) and enjoyed the city view in the evenings For a hotel of that size, the elevators are surprisingly quick to arrive. Outside the hotel, there are an awful lot of homeless people and it is worse if you make a wrong turn and head to the Tenderloin area where the panhandling is even more aggressive. No fault of the hotel, but it can be uncomfortable when walking alone. Reservation problems aside, the hotel offers good value and a prime location--just keep a copy of your entire reservation with you!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>Italianissima73
<Content>Great Location, Great Hotel I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Parc 55. I was in San Francisco on business and we chose this hotel because of it's conveient location to the BART station - an easy and cheap way to get from SFO to the hotel.We were very pleased with our stay. Our room on the 15th floor had a nice view and was clean and comfortable. The hotel is in a bustling part of town - Union Square - close to AWESOME shopping, the cable cars, and great restaurants.My only concern, which had nothing to do with the hotel, was the large number of homeless people in the area. However I soon found that they were everywhere in San Francisco. I have lived in Washington DC and Philadelphia and have never seen so many homeless people - it really took me buy surprise.Back to the hotel. The fitness center was good - many machines to use - it was crowded in the morning but due to the size of the hotel I was not surprized. They provided towels and fruit for you to eat after your work out.Check-in and out was a breeze but again there are a lot of people at this hotel so be wary of the time of day you do these things - the potential for a line is good.We ate at the Pub in the hotel. The food was ok - moderately priced - but there are so many options outside the hotel we decided to try those other than the hotel restaurant.All in all is was a great stay and when I come back to San Francisco I will stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>nanasf
<Content>$40+ tax parking I had some issues with my reservation, and the person on the front desk was not helpful at all. He told me that I should call the reservation line from the hotel phone, when I was 30 minutes late for the banquet and the dinner party. I was furious. I asked for the manager and he whispered to his friend call David but the name on the sign-manager on duty, did not say David. I asked for the lady manager whos name was displayed, and finally got help from another employee.By this time we were at the hotel reservation desk for over 20 minutes. We ended up getting a beautiful room with the view. The breakfast was late and it seemed like it was made hours ago. When we finaly tried to check out, we were charged $40 for the parking and $65 for the breakfast (eggs and toast said to be arround $16 per person).The only good thing was the view!!!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	1	3	4	

<Author>ManUtdinOK
<Content>Great experience Here But SF Needs to Clean Up Area I stayed for 6 nights at the Parc 55. Check in was relatively easy. I requested a top floor but got floor 15. Room was relatively large with views out two sides since it was on the end. Room was clean and staff was acceptably friendly. Be forewarned that they are constructing a large building next door so the noise starts pretty early. I use earplugs so it didn't bother me. Lots of homeless all around but it still seems safe as they were harmless. Just don't go very far to the immediate west from the hotel because that area is not safe. Very convenient to cable car and subway (BART). Major disappointment was not the hotel but the amount of homeless begging in a major tourist area. SF leadership really needs to clean up their act. Very little police presence noticed anywhere around the city and that was very disappointing. Saw more homeless begging on the 100 yard walk from the subway to the hotel than 2 days in NYC. Not the Parc 55's fault though. I think eventually this will come back to bite tourism there.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	2	

<Author>thomasons
<Content>excellent choice       big comfy bed with lots of pillows  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>PGdenizen
<Content>Parc 55: nice, comfortable hotel I spent last night at the Parc 55. I was watching for certain problems that have come up in some of the recent reviews--most especially the issue of rude or incompetent staff at the front desk. I was greeted by a young women in a very friendly manner, and check-in was smooth. I had reserved via Hotwire and got a rate of $99. I'm always concerned that I might not get a nice room because of booking through a discount service, but my room was nice. It was fairly large by SF standards; the bed and pillows were very comfortable; the bathroom was spacious and well-stocked and the shower was great--good water pressure and plenty of hot water. Among the toiletries were some ear plugs--not a good sign. I was on the 5th floor and I did hear street noise, but no more than at any other SF hotel I've stayed at. My only complaint is that $12.95 for the Internet connection is too much. I saved money by parking at the Ellis-O'Farrell garage nearby ($30 for overnight) instead of using the hotel's valet parking ($40 plus 14% tax and a tip or two would have been about $48). I would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>heb999
<Content>Great Location Great location for cable cars, shopping, dining. I had a lovely room with a great view (18th floor). Check-in very busy on the afternoon I arrived but quiet when I left at the same time two days later. Staff at reception very efficient and helpful. Had arranged a package to be waiting for me on arrival. It was waiting for me at the bell desk. Accommodation, clean, spacious and comfortable. Have stayed in many hotels in SF including the Westin St Francis, Hilton, Crowne Plaza and City Quarters. I would certainly recommend the Parc 55 above those mentioned.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>LadyLong
<Content>Great hotel, excellent location We stayed here for one night, ten days ago and found it to be a great hotel for the price ($135 incl tax).Our room and bathroom were a good size, clean and comfortable. Unfortunately the view was the building site down below but we didn't go to SF to look out my hotel window. Thankfully we were there on a Friday night so had it been a week day we may have suffered the noise of the workmen the next morning but this wasn't the case. The traffic noise wasn't a problem either. Location was great just a few steps away from main shops, and transport. Unfortunately there are a lot of homeless around SF but we didn't find them intimidating at all.As it seems with most other reviewers we also found checking in took too long. There were three people at the check in desk when we arrived and only two people in front of us. Two staff members disappeared and were gone for the remainder of our wait which ended up being twenty five minutes. When we were due to check out my partner felt unwell and needed to see a doctor so we asked whether we could leave checking out until we returned, this didn't go down very well and the lady on the front desk merely gestured to the bell desk and told us to leave our bags there and vacate the room. The man on the bell desk was equally as rude and put out when we couldn't tell him how long we were going to be.Anyway, as hotels go we don't think you can get a better hotel for your money (believe me I scoured the web for hours!). It's a shame the staff couldn't be more efficient and polite but you can't have everything.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	1	2	1	

<Author>stoma
<Content>Nice hotel, near the center of the city Nice hotel, rooms on the top floors have a nice view Receptionists and concierge were very nice and helpful. The only minus I can state is that parking for guests is pretty expensive - 40 usd per 24h.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>se2121
<Content>Great Location, Great Rooms       Bathroom - 27th floor room  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>RL2
<Content>no problem parc 55 From the time you leave San Francisco Airport, It was a breeze getting there . Taking the Bart made it to simple, coming out of the station walking maybe 20 feet stood the Parc 55. Expectto see the homeless as you enter or leave the station. Parc 55 is accessible to all modes of transportation, union sq, mall, etcWe picked up a 3 day passport , 18 $, to be used on , muni, cable cars , trolly cars for unlimited rides..good bargin.We stayed there 3 nights , no problems what so ever, staff was friendly, instead of the concerierge , ask the BellMen for directions, info, etc.. they were very accommodating .The so call sports bar on premises , wasn't lively, low key,unless super bowl or world series was being played you may get sound on the tv's...they had 6 flat screens in a small place . go somewhere else if you're looking for a sports bar.Other wise check out the Pac 55 .  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>verymerry
<Content>Great location The hotel is a block from the cable cars and BART. There is also a mall across the street and a few blocks away is the Financial District and Union Square. Taking BART from Oakland Airport was a breeze - a $3 bus ride from the airport to the Coliseum train station and a $3.35 ride to Powell Street and the hotel is just a 1/2 block away. Compare this to an approx $45 taxi ride or $22/person airport shuttle!The room was a nice size with a comfy bed and crisp white linens. The view was good though there is construction opposite the hotel at the back so a crane and worksite is outside the window...but being on the 25th floor we could easily see above and could not hear any outside traffic noise. All in all, a good hotel. The only downside was no free internet which, from my past experiences, is unusual for this type of hotel.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	-1	2	

<Author>UNR91
<Content>Great hotel if discounted We booked a king suite with club room access for 150-160/night during the week for a recent trip into the City. The hotel is located steps from BART, a short walk to ACT and many restaurants, all of which we visited, so this hotel was perfect for our itinerary. The room was well appointed, bed very comfortable, and view nice. The club room is located at the top of the hotel and has a beautiful view of the Union Square area of the City. The extra cost of club room access was worth having a nice quiet place to relax before and after the show as well as eat breakfast before our departure, all of which you would pay steeply for if going out. The breakfast was advertised as continental but went far beyond:a selection of baked goods, ham, cheese, cereals, juices, a nice selection of fresh fruit, coffees, teas, etc. A great place to stay if you can swing a discount.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Wiserblond
<Content>Great rate and location My husband and I stayed at the Parc 55 on Memorial Day weekend. We had stayed there the previous year and enjoyed it, but were somewhat nervous considering the recent reviews since the hotel changed ownership.We arrived using BART, and learned that we wouldn't be able to check in until after 3pm. We left our baggage and returned at 6pm to learn that the hotel was booked solid, operating at full capacity, and some customers were upset that their rooms weren't ready yet. We were ready for problems and attitudes (as we read about in the reviews here) and were pleasantly surprised that our room was ready, everything was in order, and check-in took only 5 minutes. We had a great view of southwest San Francisco (we were on the 17th floor), and the room was in excellent condition. No extra or hidden charges, pleasant hotel staff and the entire stay was stress free. We are staying there again next week for the Fillmore Jazz Festival and anticipate another great weekend. The convenience of the location and the quality of the hotel and the $99 rate featured on travel websites such as Hotwire, Orbitz and Expedia makes it a steal of a deal! Try it out!!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>allisontebbe
<Content>Awesome Hotel with a couple quirks When I transferred to San Francisco, my company put me in the Parc 55 Hotel for 20 days. For 20 days, you'd better like the place you're staying! And it turns out, I did! The location is perfect. Parc 55 is located right on Market Street, across from the best mall I've ever been to (Westfield). It's like Vegas for shoppers. The actual hotel is really nice. My room had an amazing view of the Grace Cathedral and the sunsets were priceless. The room was very clean and the staff was amazing. The only issue I really had was with the internet - $12.95 a day and no wireless. Not having a wireless connection was a huge inconvenience. Also, most hotels I stay at offer internet free of charge. After 20 days, this expense was pretty painful. As someone who works in the tech industry, I will definitely look for this the next time I book a hotel.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	1	

<Author>SanDiegoLarry
<Content>At the Heart of San Francisco Shopping       Washington Street grade  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>LAStravel
<Content>Great Location This hotel was great. It is located right between Union Square and the San Francisco Shopping Center. The Metreon, Mosconi Center, Crocker Gallery and more are very close by. The walk to union square was only about two minutes. We had a great view on the 20th floor. It was a typical nice upscale hotel. No character or charm if that is what you are looking for, but the beds were great, the lobby, the view, the room, and everything else was clean and nice. The pick up for the cable car is just steps away outside, but be prepared for a long line!I tagged along on my husband's business trip so this wasn't on our dollar, so warning- the parking fee is $45 a day and it is valet only, and there is a $12.95 fee per day for using the internet. The hotel restaurants looked very nice, but they were too expensive for us. If you are looking for a good breakfast or lunch, head to Sears Fine Foods. It is a small coffee shop across from the Sir Francis Drake. It is classic old SF! And simple good food. For quick food on the go it is fun to pick something out at the food market in Bristol Farms (on the bottom level of the San Francisco Shopping Center). They have a ton of prepared foods that you can take with you to a picnic in Golden gate park or just a snack to go. This hotel is perfect for a weekend of shopping or sight seeing in the Union square area.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>KGrrlRox
<Content>Not Impressed I recently stayed at the Parc 55 and am now left with a less than favorable view of the hotel. I made a reservation through the hotel website, but they were unable to find my reservation in the system when I arrived to check-in. After standing at the front desk for 25-30 minutes, they were able to find my web reservation and put my details into the system.Now that I am home, I have reviewed my credit card statement and find that they have over charged me They have asked that I dispute this charge with my credit card company since they have no record of the charge.On a positive note, the location is great! The cable cars are one block away and great shopping is close by. The room was comfortable and clean too. I wouldn't recommend this hotel as a great place to stay and do not plan to return.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>edhodge
<Content>Wonderful staff, big rooms We stayed 4 nights at the Parc 55. Easy access to BART, cable cars and easy walking to the Embarcadero. The noise at night was disconcerting even on the 20th floor, even with a sound machine going. Lots of city noise but hey, we are in the heart of the city- what else would we expect? The concierge was very helpful. The staff at reception was funny and friendly. The room was very clean and a nice size, much larger than the boutique hotels where we have stayed before. The amenities were from Lather, all natural and from a local company. The hair dryer stopped working and they replaced it quickly. We were with friends. They had only one complaint- coffee in the room. Oh there was a coffee maker but evidently, the coffee was blech. We don't drink it so I couldn't say. No honor bar, no mini fridge but very soft, dreamy linens, comforters and pillows.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>astroToronto
<Content>Horrible I stayed at this Hotel to attend a Major Conference at the Moscone Centre. This hotel double-charged me for my stay. It is not so much the mistake itself that leaves me with a poor impression of this establishment, it is their unprofessional and incompetent handling of the problem. I have now returned home and called the hotel three days in a row, and the staff seem unable to comprehend the problem. They keep asking if they can call me back, taking my phone number and then I dont hear from them. I have been double-charged before, but high-quality hotels usually deal with problems like this quickly and with professionalism. I am very dissappointed in my experience with this hotel, and I dont feel that I could recommend a stay with them to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bebycik
<Content>Nice price, large rooms We stayed at Parc 55 for 2 nights in June of 2007 (booked via priceline at $150 a night).First basics:1. The hotel used to be a part of Renaissance chain-- expect standard decor and larger than usual rooms.2. This is not a boutique hotel-- it's a high-rise with a large lobby and hundreds of rooms.3. It is right by Union Square-- homeless people are a staple for that area and not a fault of the hotel.Now, to the experience--hotel is very centrally located (right by Powell BART station-- take it right from the airport for a fraction of the taxi cost!). Restaurants, shops, museums, the cable cars, (and yes, even the homeless people)-- it's all there.The lobby is spacious and can look deserted at times. We had no problems with staff. Rooms are much larger than usual for Union Square-- we had a sitting area with a couch in ours and a king size bed. Spacious bathroom, fantastic linens and even complimentary ear plugs ( we were on the 10th floor and could not hear the street noise but appreciated the gesture anyway.)We did not use room service but stopped by at a hotel bar on the second floor-- a typical boring sports bar on a smaller side with an ambiance of a moth ball.In summary. Pros: great location, spacious, clean rooms, awesome beds for a very good price. Probably one of the best deals for your dollar in Union Square.Cons: a pretty generic experience (don't expect to be showered with attention like you get with boutique hotels), and you have to pay for your internet. The building is kinda ugly from the outside.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>leggsworth
<Content>Good for the price The good: 1. Bed is quite comfortable with nice linens2. We were on the 20th floor with a great view of the SF skyline3. Rooms clean4. Great deal on Expedia, including 3 last-minute round trip tickets from San Diego and 3 night's stay, for about $800.5. Convenient locations, close to lots of good restaurants and shopping6. Front desk service is professional and pleasantThe bad:1. Some staff need training in proper service etiquette. We had a housekeeper one morning that kept knocking on our door, trying to get into our room, even after we had asked to not be disturbed. One of the hostesses at the restaurant treated my 2 year old son like a thief when he went to take some fruit from a fruitbowl. He's only 2!2. Rooms very small (oh well, what can you expect from San Francisco?).  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	2	3	

<Author>croletter
<Content>Parc 55 Is Perfect! The Parc 55 was perfect for us! We are a young couple who booked a 4 day getaway to San Fran, and were looking for the best value we could find in the Union Square area.We got a great deal on Hotwire at under $100 per night for the first week of June.Upon check-in, we asked the front desk for a king room with a view on an upper floor. The gentleman there named Daniel hooked us up with a room on the club level on the 31st floor (only 32 floors in hotel) with an awesome view of San Francisco. It also gave us access to the Club Lounge that offered a nice breakfast, hor deouvres in the afternoon and cocktails in the evening...it was a great bonus to our stay.The entire staff was great, and were really friendly and helpful. The hotel itself is in a great location, within blocks of lots of great restaurants, and the cable car turnaround is right around the corner. It is also nicely decorated throughout.The room was perfect! The bed was so comfortable, it was hard to get up most days. Lather brand toiletries were a great touch, and the rooms were nicely decorated.The Barley and Hops restaurant was a cool little sports bar, and again the service there was great.We didn't eat at Veranda, but it looked nice.All in all, the Parc 55 was perfect for us. If you are looking for a 4 star hotel with a good location and value, this is the perfect place.Only minor issue was the parking at $40/day was a little on the expensive side, but if you do your homework you can park elsewhere for less...but you really don't need a car in San Francisco anyway.P.S. There is a great little Italian place right across the street for happy hour called Puccini  Pinetti...they had $3 cocktails (Champagne, Anchor Steam on tap, etc.) and appetizers (Small pizza, fried ravioli, etc.)...we loaded up there for under $25  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>RACQUEENS
<Content>Nice Hotel, but Bad enviorment! This was a very nice hotel. Convienent location, clean, nice staff and decent service. The only problem I ran into was, no one knew anything at the helpdesk. We asked how far a restaurant was from the hotel and if it was walking distance. They told us it was a 8 to 10 minute walk. As we were walking to the restaurant, we noticed that we had been walking for a good 20 minutes. On top of that it was extremely cold outside. We were very upset with the poor judgement of the hotel's help desk. There since of direction is VERY poor, so if you don't know where you are going, find out before you stay at this hotel. The area of the hotel is REALLY shady. Homeless people on every singel corner harrassing you at any second they get. I was surprised that a women at the front desk gave directions using the back door, then told me to ignore what ever is happening outside that door. Outside that door was serval homeless people sitting on the stairs bothering bypasser's. If you want to stay in a quiet, nice area, I suggest you stay in Nobb Hills!  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	1	3	3	2	3	

<Author>hydepark
<Content>Good rate This was my 2nd visit to this hotel. The last time was when it was called the Renaissance Parc 55. Both times I was there for one night, and it wasn't obvious in seeing the difference between the two stays. I was given a low-floor again, probably the floor above the health club. The 6th floor of Parc 55 is about the 10th floor of some hotels and there was a decent view of downtown Market  5th Streets. While I was checking out, a huge tour group was packing the elevators. I guess now that the hotel has dropped the Renaissance affiliation, it is catering to budget tourists. Still, my rate of $113 including tax, on Expedia, is a bargain given its location so close to the cable car on Powell, subway to airport and the Westfield shopping mall. But $12.95 for using the Internet for 24 hours is not, when you consider at most hotels it is free. Also, the double lock on my door was out of order, so had to rely on the chain. And after I had checked out, I wanted to use the restroom on the ground floor but it was only open to guests with keys.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	1	

<Author>ddetravel
<Content>I'd stay here again and again       view outside my window  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>LovetotravelABQ
<Content>Loved the Parc 55 We found this hotel through Expedia.com. They gave us a great rate for 3 nights. Our hotel was ideally located just one block from the Powell Cable Car station near Market Street. There is a great coffee/breakfast place 50 feet from the hotel with great prices on their food and drinks. Upon check in we were taken to a wonderful corner room that was very spacious. The room had lovely bed linens and two lovely windows with views. The staff were really great, and they have a rent a car service right in the hotel, which came in handy when we wanted to rent a car for one day to travel to the Muir Woods. During my 6 nights in San Francisco, I stayed in 3 different hotels (different events). However, the Parc 55 was my absolute favorite! I would definately stay there again.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>TheMightyTrev
<Content>Needs Help While the location is very central and convenient, the hotel is very poorly managed and will make mistakes at every possible opportunity with no apology. We booked via their website, no middlemen, but were assigned a much cheaper room when we arrived. We had booked a Club level room, which was about $45 more than the room they were going to put us in. Worst part, he didn't say anything about not getting the right room type. Had I not mentioned anything- we would have been taken advantage of. Instead of an apology, he gave me attitude. We did end up getting the right room, but it took over 15 minutes when checking in.The rooms are small, but nicely appointed. Views are above average, but not the best in the city. No complaints about the room.Upon checking out, we had been tremendously overcharged. I pointed this out, and they said that this was the rate in the computer and I needed to prove that i had booked at a lower rate. Thank goodness I had my laptop to show them my confirmation. Again, no apology. We brought a car, and found the valet to be very useful. They were prompt and easy.The hotel was formely under the Renaissance chain, but they lost that affiliation in January of 2007. Hotel is a mess right now, both physically and in personality. The staff is Motel 6 level. There is quite a bit of renovation happening, in a desperate attempt to woo another franchise. Unless you get a great bargain (we paid about $180/night including parking for their club level rooms- too much in retrospect, when other nearby hotels such as Marriot and Hyatt were about $220) I would recommend paying more and going somewhere else. If you must stay here, don't expect luxury services at all. Bring copies of your confirmation and pay attention if they are trying to pull a fast one on you. If you are looking for a relaxing luxury place- go somewhere else, even if its a bit more money. If you need a nice room, conveniently located and you get a good deal, then maybe this place will work for you. Just come with low expectations.Let's hope they get their act together and get a new coroporate partner, because it is too nice a property to be run like this.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	1	1	2	

<Author>sheree99
<Content>Good location, shame about the front desk service We stayed at the Parc 55 as the first hotel out of ten on a round-the-world trip in April/May. After being very tired, but excited, after a 12 hour flight from Australia, we were greeted by one of the rudest front desk staff I've ever experienced. I requested a high floor, to which the response was a huff. She also tried telling us she only had twin rooms available (despite booking a double two months prior), but after some pressure she suddenly 'found' a double room for us. It was a shame the first impression was so bad, as the room was fine - much larger than expected, with a sofa area and nice view of the city. The coffee maker in the room was a welcome touch! The bed was huge and extremely comfortable, and we found the room to be very quiet, despite being right next to the lifts and the fact we stayed on both Friday and Saturday nights. The bathroom was a fair size and had some good amenities. The one thing that the room was missing was a fridge, and the room furnishings were also quite dated鈥?but I鈥檝e certainly stayed in worse 4 star places. We used the sports bar downstairs which again suffered from poor customer service 鈥?except for one particular man who was extremely friendly and helpful 鈥?he was the one person in the entire hotel that made it a pleasant stay for us!Also, it was in a great location near a big shopping centre and right next to the BART station, which made it so convenient from the airport. The only negative was having an 'early' flight out of San Fran (8.30am) on the Sunday, and discovering that the BART didn鈥檛 start running until 8am! We were a little shocked by this, so unfortunately had to fork out almost $40 for a cab instead.Overall, it was a fine hotel for what we paid - we got a deal at $100 a night (through a last-minute hotel website) 鈥?but I would probably stay somewhere else next time, mainly due to the service.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>chris036
<Content>Lovely room, expensive extras       My room on 25th floor  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>dwe1978
<Content>Good location I was in town for a conference and stayed at the Fairmont (which is absolutely wonderful). I stayed a few extra days on my own dime so needed a cheaper hotel. I got a great deal on Parc 55 from hotels.com. While it's not the greatest hotel I've ever stayed at, the pluses definitely outweigh the negatives. The best thing about it was the price. For less than $100 a night, I was able to stay in a great location. The hotel is in walking distance of restaurants and shops. It's VERY close to BART, muni subway, and cable cars. The negatives include the rooms had an older feel to them. In addition, I went to the concierge twice. The first time was to get a recommendation for lunch and he quickly gave me two names and didn't ask me what I wanted to eat or a budget. The second time the woman was a little nicer but didn't go out of her way to be friendly. But overall, if I go back to San Fran, I will likely stay there.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>TARMOM
<Content>EXTREMELY THE BEST. This hotel is IT. It is reasonably priced, very very clean, great hotel staff, and the best of all in a GREAT location. It is 1 block from the cable car or F line, a really nice shopping mall, 2 blocks from union square shopping, and tour buses picked you up rightoutside the hotel. You even can book these tours with the concierge at the hotel. One of the concierge's at this hotel was AWFUL but the other 3 were SUPER D DUPER. They went above and beyond to make our trip what we wanted. They gave great directions and good suggestions on local restaurants. The hotel staff was just as great, helpful and very friendly. Our room was extremely clean and plenty of linens each of our 5 day stay. This is the hotel to stay at when going to San Francisco. We will be back....  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>UnReal1
<Content>Lousy Concierge and Desk Service The hotel itself was adequate but I couldn't get passed the staff. When I asked questions they looked confused and asked me irrelevant questions in response. I can excuse people who are not completely fluent in English but not in a hotel front desk role. The Concierge was also disappointing. He responded in a quick hurried manner to my inquiry and wasn't genuinely interested in offering assistance. I may be too critical but these are important positions. These people are the face of the company and have the most impact on the clients impressions.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>killbondnow
<Content>Horrific. Parc 55 used to be great, not anymore... Stayed at the Parc55 because it *used* to be a good hotel, back when I lived in SF, and I had had good experiences there. Got a discounted rate through their web site, so I switched to there instead of at a host hotel for the convention I was attending. What a mistake! They nickel-and-dime you to DEATH, and by the time we were through paying dribs and drabs for things, it was more expensive than the other hotel anyway. Don't get me started on the $40 Valet charge -- better hotels in San Fran have $25 or 30 or so. We, also, parked at the 5th and Mission garage after check-in, which is a couple blocks away, a STEAL at $16/day maximum, and was more convenient to our convention anyhow.Complimentary breakfast for concierge-level rooms was NOT worth it. No hot food, and the lunch meats they did have, looked scary and gross. (A Hampton Inn breakfast is a Lucullan feast next to this place.) Wireless charge was ASTRONOMICAL. Again, why free at the Hampton Inns, properties that are a fraction of the cost? I *like* staying at luxury hotels, but this is senseless. The neighborhood of the hotel is dicey at best, loud, noisy, and full of bums. You have to run a large gauntlet of panhandlers, con artists and questionable vendors just to get to the BART station and cable cars on the next block. Worst of the Parc55 offenses by far however: We had returned the last night of our stay with a to-go box, but realized we didn't get utensils. We rang housekeeping and asked for knives and forks, they said fine. When they came up, they presented a BILL, for $4 for each utensil, AND tax (!!!) on the bill, AND the 18% room service delivery charge!!!! I am not kidding! Over $10 to get a knife and fork! THAT WAS IT! I had a lot to say the next morning at check out -- they removed the tax and the delivery charge, but NOT the charges for the utensils!!! CRAZY! We should have just gone to the Walgreen's down the street or even the 24-hour Carls Jr on the next block... Parc55, never again! I felt bad because I *cheated* on my mainstay Hotel Vitale, and that is a mistake which will not be repeated, I assure you!  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	1	3	2	2	1	

<Author>DavyGGG
<Content>First Class Hotel, Rough city Stayed three nights 4/20 to 23. Very nice hotel, Well worth the price. Very large , Very clean, Great location (steps from BART). Would stay again if not in San Francisco. Every where you go there is Homeless Begging. I did not see one uniformed policeman the whole 4 days we were there. I hope they are all undercover. At Fishermans Wharf we watched a three card monte game going on for hours. They took a lot of money from a lot of people. No Police in sight. BEWARE. Took a tour on a double decker bus for 2 days and also a ferry to Alactraz it was very nice and worth the price. Glad to be home ALIVE.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Okie37
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location Was pleasantly surprised and pleased with the quality of this hotel for the price. Parking is costly, but the need for using a car is limited because of location.Very nice lobby and rooms. Will stay again.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>OsideMom2three
<Content>Good Value Sayed here April 9, 2007. Great location for shopping. Room was very clean, though a little worn around the edges. The parking was $47 (for an SUV) for a 24 hour period but you do have in and out privileges and that is quite reasonable for SF. Valet staff were very courteous. Overall for what we paid, it was a great deal and I would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>Jaeger_10_08_05
<Content>Wonderful Hotel We only stayed here two nights, but it was a great hotel for the great deal we got for it on Expedia. We booked a non-view room, but upon check-in, asked for a view, and was given one on the 21st floor. The room was spacious and the beds were very comfortable with many pillows. I would highly recommend this hotel and if you are looking for a deal, this is it! Also, as everyone has stated, the location is awesome. We took the BART from the airport and we stepped out of the station and the hotel was right there. Very convenient!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>auttapol
<Content>Great location The hotel was very nice, clean room, great location. The only problem with this hotel is their expensive parking $40/day. My recommedation is they shold provide free/inexpensive wireless access to customer  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>TxAggieGirl
<Content>Great for the Price The Parc 55 is a great hotel for the value. We took a gamble and booked on Hotwire, but were pleasantly pleased with what we got for $110 a night. The checkin was smooth, room service was good and the valets were fast and helpful. The concierge was a bit snotty, but hey, it happens.The only bad thing was the Friday night we were there, some drunk morons were down in the street yelling and doing their best to get hit by taxis at 1 a.m. We could watch them from our room and wished we could have thrown water balloons at them or something to make it more interesting...Even though we were nine floors up, it made sleep tough for a while. No wonder they have complimentary ear plugs in the bathrooms! Overall, a nice hotel with a great location.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>krissydorset
<Content>Great location Booked two rooms online, based really on position, and were delighted. Large clean rooms, helpful staff, would not hesitate to recommend. Central to all we wanted and handy for transport to airport (BART), trolley buses and trams. Aware of homeless but not intimidated by any.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>travelbunnorita
<Content>Adequate but not an upscale hotel We stayed at Parc 55 over the weekend and found it to be a fair hotel in a central (but not nice) part of downtown SF. I would echo some of the other reviews in saying that while the rooms were clean and the staff were professional, DO NOT come here if you are expecting a 4 star (i.e. Westin, Sheraton, Hilton) type hotel. Having stayed at multiple large-scale business hotels in downtown SF, Parc 55 is on the very bottom of that range. Definitely doesn't deserve its AAA four diamond. Come here if you want a central location and if you can get a much lower rate than from other hotels, but given the choice, I'd definitely recommend going elsewhere.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>UKKJ
<Content>Great location, great value The location is excellent, a couple of minutes walk from Powell Street BART, which is very handy for the airport. It's also good for the downtown restaurants, and it's quite easy to get buses to other areas such as Little Italy to eat. The other main attractions e.g. Golden Gate Bridge (2 buses), Fisherman's Wharf (take a tram from Powell Street) the pier for Alcatraz (streetcar) are very accessible on public transport - get a MUNI card and public transport map from the info centre next to Powell Street station to make the most of this. The room was very comfortable and there's also a more than adequate gym. Try the coffee shop a couple of doors down for breakfast. It was excellent value with Expedia in the UK. As many reviewers will point out, there is a very visible homelessness problem in San Francisco, and this is evident downtown where the hotel, shops and restaurants are. However, we found that at night there are enough people around to feel reasonably safe walking around.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ojaigal
<Content>Mixed Bag at the Parc 55 We stayed at the Parc 55 for 4 nights in March, during a combination of business and weekend getaway travel. The hotel was very busy (lots of airline crews, tour groups, etc.); front desk personnel were perfunctory and distracted, but did honor our request for a view room, which was great! We booked through the hotel website, and got a good rate.Our room was spacious, but not well cleaned...poorly dusted and carpet had many leftovers from previous guests. Bathroom was not thoroughly cleaned. Cleaning staff were very nice, but VERY NOISY when coming and going in the early morning from their supply room, which was near our room...doors slamming, loud conversation, etc. at 7 a.m., including on the weekends. Calls to housekeeping and front desk did not change this.Concierge was marginally helpful when asked for referrals to basic things (health food store, wine shop, etc.)Room service was prompt and brought some nice little extras.Internet access is $12/day for cable. Refrigerator in the room is $25 one-time charge. Location is terrific; we took BART from the airport and were at the hotel less than an hour after our flight arrived (checked bags). We walked all over the city, and it was never a problem to get a cab right outside the hotel.All-in-all, might stay here again, but will first explore other options in the city. Prefer a cleaner room, and more personal service from concierge.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>SunnySanDiegoMom
<Content>Great location...reservation problems galore We booked on the hotel website directly. Got what I thought was a decent rate. Called the hotel directly and spoke to Jenny at the front desk the day BEFORE we arrived to discuss the need for adjoining rooms. We were traveling with our children. I also advised her that we would be a late arrival as our plane landed after 10PM. I was told it would be no problem, and she was blocking our rooms as we spoke.  You guessed it...when we arrived at 11:25 pm...we were told our rooms had not been blocked and there was no indication that I had told them about the late arrival. We ended up with ONE room that night as the only others rooms available were on a different floor. I was able to give a name of the person I spoke with...but nothing seemed to be happening and they did not even seemed very concerned. Other than to say that the hotel was booked that night and they could do something about it in the morning. I then asked for something to compensate the lack of follow thru and was given a few breakfast coupons.  We were told when I called in the morning that if we packed up our bags, they would move us automatically to our requested rooms. This was important because we had important plans for our day. When we arrived back at the hotel at 4:30 PM, no one at the front desk seemed aware of the situation...and they could not be sure where our baggage was. After speaking to the manager Mr. Mussleman we finally got our rooms. When we went to open the doors, only one key worked. More importantly, we could not see our baggage anywhere. After checking BEHIND the CLOSED closet doors we found the luggage.  The hotel is in a PERFECT location. It is clean, comfortable and other than the mess ups with our room it would have been a great stay. It is frustrating to spend most of your time dealingwith the front desk and moving rooms. If the hotel could take care of that HUGE problem it would be ideal.  When it came time to check out...There was a charge for an extra day and FULL charge for Breakfast. One of the front desk workers named Jenny took care of the billing problems and we were on our way.As I said, the location is PERFECT, the people are very friendly, the concierge was great, the housekeepers were lovely. They just need to get their act together at the front desk.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>vonroad
<Content>Good Value We were in San Fran for a wedding and wanted to stay in the city. Thanks to Hotwire we got a good deal here. Overall it was perfectly fine; the room was nice, and the staff were friendly.My only complaint was parking. $40 a day! We had a car because we had to fly into San Jose (long story) and the wedding was just not accessible by public transportation. I saw other hotels nearby that were charging more like $25. I researched ahead and parked at the 5th and Mission garage just down the street; it saved us about 30%. Other than that, it was a nice place to stay, right in the heart of things near Union Square.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>ret777
<Content>A great Hotel in sfo I stayed at the Parc Fifiy Five hotel on Market Street. Nordstroms was directly across the street. Once I realized which BART exit to take, I was within steps of the hotel. The hotel itself was kept very clean. Maid service was excellent. Every one on the hotel staff I spoke to were friendly and informative. Not many TV channels to choose from. The restaraunt on the second floor was great for breakfast. Never used room service. Since I used BART and my feet for transportation, I didn't have to pay the daily parking fee of $40. A small extra was a package of foam ear plugs in the room. Never did need them. All in all, a very pleasant and troublefree visit. I have no reservations in recommending this hotel. Howard Larson, Las Vegas  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Muffy24
<Content>Heavenly Parc 55 That's all the can be said. From the customer service to the fluffy beds, heavenly was our experience at Parc 55. The location alone makes visiting San Francisco so accessible, as the BART, the trollies are within one city block, with great restuarants and Union Square within easy walking distance. Everytime I am in San Fran, I will be staying at Parc 55.Note: ask for the highest floor available, the view will be better.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>MauritsLondon
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Outstanding Value At first sight this hotel seems blandly mainstream and you wouldn't think it would leave a lasting impression. The location of this hotel could not be better and the quality is consistent and excellentvalue. We booked a Club Room and were on the 28th Floor with magnificent views of the city and the Bay area. The Club Lounge is a good place to have breakfast, although it is closed during weekends. The information sheet said it would be open on Sunday evening, but it wasn't. The room is comfortable, clean and tastefully designed and much better then the image of the Lobby and the public areas. The gym is very adequate and the laundry service impeccable. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>CrabGuy
<Content>Good value and excellent location We just returned from a 3-night stay at the Parc 55 (March 15-18). Let me say first that I pride myself on finding travel bargains. I'd much rather spend my money on good food and wine than on a hotel room. San Francisco has always been an expensive city for travelers, and finding an above-average room at a bargain price can be a challenge. I began researching SF hotels back in December and found the Parc 55 on Trip Advisor and Expedia. I always book directly with the hotel, as the rates are often equal to or lower than the travel websites and you can always cancel the reservation if you find a better rate elsewhere. I booked a king deluxe room on a high-floor and requested an early check-in (1:00pm). When I originally booked in January, the rate was $149. In mid-February, I re-checked the hotel鈥檚 website and found the same room for $95, so I rebooked and cancelled the first reservation and saved enough money to buy my wife and I a very nice dinner. I called the hotel 3 days before our arrival to confirm, and informed them that our flight had been changed and that we now expected to arrive around 10:00pm. They assured me that our room would be held. When we arrived at the hotel at about 10:10, the desk clerk informed me that they had no record of our arrival time change and that my king room was no longer available, but that they could put us in a queen deluxe on the 20th floor. She did not apologize, or offer some kind of complimentary perk. After a long day of travel from the east coast I was too tired to negotiate with the manager, so I accepted the offer. The room (Room 2001) was clean, comfortable and very spacious for a big-city hotel, with lots of windows and great views. The closet was large, with plenty of hangers, but no safe for storing valuables. The bed was great 鈥?firm mattress, lots of pillows and nice linens. The bathroom was large and clean, and included a one-cup coffee maker. There was no mini-bar fridge (which I would never use anyway). Internet access was available (for a fee), but I carry a Blackberry for emails and leave my laptop home when I鈥檓 traveling for fun. I noted that some travelers complained about the city noise, even on high floors. Folks, this is a large city, and you鈥檒l hear police and fire engine sirens, as well as some street commotion. If you want silence, go camping. Otherwise, use the free earplugs provided by the hotel.The Parc 55 is primarily a business/conference hotel, but there was very little business activity because we stayed Thursday to Sunday. While some people have complained about the lobby furnishings and somewhat 鈥渄ated鈥?look of the public areas, I thought the hotel was more than adequate for leisure travelers. If you鈥檙e looking for 鈥渃harm,鈥?try the Serrano Hotel or The Orchard, a few blocks away.The location is ideal, with easy access to Market Street and Union Square shopping and mass transit. We resorted to taking a cab on Friday night to meet friends for dinner in the Russian Hill neighborhood, otherwise mass transit and walking worked great for getting around town.My interaction with the staff was limited to the desk clerk, bellman and housekeeper, who were all pleasant and helpful. We don鈥檛 normally use room service.Overall, the Parc 55 was a winner. The value for the money was exceptional when you consider its spacious rooms, great location and accessibility. I would recommend it and would stay there again in the future.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>Rea27
<Content>Charged for no-show when I had cancelled I should say right off that I have never stayed at this hotel. I did have a rather unpleasent experience with their staff, though. I booked a Feb 2007 reservation through the Mariott's web site in late 2006. I later received a notice that the Parc was discontinuing it's relationship with Marriott, so my stay at the Parc would not count for Marriott points or nights. So I cancelled my reservation on Mariott's web site, and recieved a cancellation email and number. Then I got my February credit card bill and found a charge for one night at the hotel. I dug up the cancellation email and called. My first call was after business hours, and I was told to call back during business hours. The next day I called during business hours and explained the situation to someone in the accounting department. That person told me that the problem was my cancelling on Marriott's site rather than calling them. I never understood why that was a problem, since I cancelled well before they dropped off the Mariott's system, but in any case I expected that they would credit me immediately. Instead I was told that it would take several days to research it and I should call back if I did not receive the credit. It would seem to me that if the Parc knew they were having a problem with cancellations on Mariott's system, that THEY would take the initiative to research no-shows. Instead, I find that it is taking a considerable amount of my time to avoid being charged, when the hotel seems to be at fault for losing the cancellation - and that is in spite of the fact that they are apparently well aware of the problem.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sfbness
<Content>Perfect Location Parc 55 had everything we needed, easy access, spacious room and bathroom. Concierge and staff were very helpful and informative.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>nreitter
<Content>Very mediocre I stayed at the Parc 55 for 3 nights on business  left feeling that I won't stay again. The highlight was the room - they put me on the 19th floor with nice city views. The bed was comfy with lots of pillows  the linens  furniture were fairly up to date but that's about where the up-to-date-ness ended. The hotel itself is full of 1980s brass  chandeliers, clunky elevators  the bathrooms look  feel old. I would even go so far as to say it's a bit cheezy...The gym is AWFUL. Equipment is alright but it's too cluttered  they don't seem to have AC or a window open so you seriously are doing bikram workout  smelling everyone's funk!I was awoken several times each night by fire engines  police sirens screaming by. I was also dismayed at the very good entry price but then being nickeled  dimed -- $13/day for internet service (should be free!)  $40/day for parking.Great location for wandering to Union Square shopping. All in all, very mediocre hotel. OH, and also, when I went to leave the bellman had my luggage  was kind enough to place it in my car. He forgot to pack my laptop  so I had to turn around  drive 1 hour back to get it, causing me a 2 hour delay in getting home.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>someseesee
<Content>I love this hotel This is the best hotel I had ever stayed. It is 4 star hotel, customer services is excellent. I arrived with two kids and a lot of luggage, plus a double stroller. They helped me unload all my stuff and parked my mini van. The front desk gave my room number to the bell man, so he brought all my stuff to my room in 10 minutes. I called the valet parking and my mini van was ready in 15 minutes. Nice city view from my room (26 floors). Bed is very comfortable. Hotel is very clean. I only paid $119 for one night stay. All my friends in San Francisco thought I got good deal.Con: parking is $40 per day plus tax, but I think it is worth for the service I got.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SFtoSD
<Content>Great location, but bring your earplugs Just got back from a 3-day stay at the Parc 55. The hotel is in a great location near the Powell Street cable car stop. The room was decent too. The only big problem was the noise. The walls are paper thin! I could hear every single word the people next door said. After a couple of hours, I went down to the lobby and asked to be switched to a new room. Same problem with the new room... I could hear my new neighbor's entire conversation. I switched rooms AGAIN and the third room was fine. Make sure you don't get a room with an adjoining room! The staff was nice about changing my room- they probably get this complaint often...  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>travelmom2005
<Content>Great location, bad management This hotel, recently liberated from the Marriot chain, heavily promoted itself on Expedia. For something special, my husband and I treated my mom to a 60th birthday trip in San Francisco. I wanted a special hotel, but could not afford the W. The price was right for this place, the location was EXCELLENT - around the corner from the cable car, across the street from the BART station and the big, new Westfield shopping center, and a few blocks from Union square. The room was clean, the beds were comfortable - soft pillows, feather comfortors. I even had room service bring tea - a charming Chinese gentleman delivered it with new years wishes and lots of giggles. BUT - and this is the big BUT - we were not given our room until 2AM!!!!!!! We checked in at 9 PM. Fortunately, my mom and I checked in the day before, so we were able to put our 2 young sons to bed in her room. My husband and I waited 5 hours in the lobby, mostly standing in line with about 25 other very hostile guests, waiting for our room. There was a couple who had spent 25 hours traveling from Caracas, VZ, a man with Parkinson's disease who desperately needed rest, and a long list of other stories. In addition to all of this, the hotel staff repeatedly double assigned rooms. They would send a relieved guest up to a room, only to have them return to say someone was already in it!!! Can you imagine how mortifyingly embarrassing that must have been for both parties???? This happened at least 4 times by my count. When we were given our room assignment, we made the staff call the room before we went up. The other part that was so awful was that we were told 3 times that our room would be ready in 30 minutes, and to come back. It took at least 1 hour to get through the line. My question is, why didn't the staff let people know what was going on? They knew the rooms wouldn't be ready, with only the small night cleaning staff and a number of very late check-outs (Singapore Air has a regular contract, I guess). Really unconscionable! My husband refused the offer of a free breakfast (hah!) and demanded the room for free - which is what we got. If you want to stay in this hotel, you are rolling the dice with your time and relaxation.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>strathj
<Content>A Solid Choice We had a convention/meeting rate based on my wife's employment. We live in the San Francisco Bay area. We were pleasantly surprised and would choose this property for a weekend getaway. Room was contemporary generic, with queen bed, writing desk, love seat and coffee table. Large bathroom with closing door. Good thermostat. Better than properties in the area that are rehabilitated older properties. Location is not Union Square, but very close--but if you go walking at night alone, be sure you are walking in the Union Square direction. Stay on a high floor to minimize urban noise.Prices for such things as room service are high, but lots of local options VERY close by--starting with Burger King and going up and up. If you get a decent price, this is a very good play it safe choice.Jeff  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Travelingtwin
<Content>Fantastic Hotel for the value I have stayed at this hotel on numerous occasions and was worried it was no longer operated by the Renaissance/Marriot company. No worry now! I usually spend time in San Francisco for business and this hotel was the perfect place! The room, on the club level, that I requested was quiet, well appointed and the bed/linens were top notch. The food provided for afternoon snacks, evening hor d'ouevres and breakfast in the Club Lounge was the best I have ever had. Fresh fruit, cookies , cheese, two hot hor d'oeuvres, full honor bar and beautiful breakfast buffet was a welcome break from the noisy, crowded restaurants and bars available near the hotel. The view on the 31st floor from the Club Room was also fantastic. I had a plush robe, plenty of down pillows and turndown service with chocolates and wish I could have spent a few more nights...I'll definately be back again! Well run property and great location.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JCambridge
<Content>Parc 55, excellent location, superb breakfast! Me and my boyfriend stayed in Parc 55 for 5 nights and were very impressed with the accomodation and service.Our room was a corner room on the 12th floor with a maginificant view, the room was spacious and well furnished with the only downside being the bathroom which could do with some updating and also lacked adquate ventilation so got quite steamy.We had breakfast a couple of times at the hotel and must say the all amercian buffett breakfast was excellent value at $18.I was in San Francisco on business and working at the Hilton, which is only 1 block away, my boyfriend visited numerous tourist spots throughout our stay and found Parc 55 was in the perfect location to visit the Information bureau and catch the cable car and buses.I would recommend Parc 55 and Union Square to both tourists and business travellers.If travelling a lot whilst in San Francisco I would defintly recommend getting a Muni pass.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kiwijoy
<Content>Loved It  i stayed at this hotel Feb 18 2007. Long line at checkit but it went very quickly. The front desk staff are very efficient. We book a club room and got upgraded to a king suite which was on floor 30. What a beautiful room(S) had a foyer with fridge, huge bedroom, bed was wonderful, bathroom was across the hall and was nice, living room was great, and the view.......WOW It evn has its own big deck. Tastefully furnished. Only drawback was outside our bedroom window was the hotel air con units...very noisy!!!!! 3007. I could not sleep, i called down at 1.30am to see if they could do anything about the noise, the maintence worker came up and was going to put some insulation strips on to help drown out the noise but i asked for earplugs instead...sort of helped. However it was such a fabulous room that i was happy even with an hour or two of sleep. The club room had a great view, good food and great staff. We had lunch from the Thai place in the hotel, very yummy! We took BART so didn't have to pay parking and everything is within walking distance. We had drinks at First Crush across the road, very nice.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nycgeorgian
<Content>Always the best....arriving again soon. Always the best service and nicest rooms. I was a guest for 3 days in December 2006 and 4 or 5 other times and I'll be staying again next week. This hotel is an excellent choice. I've never been disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DrA.G.D.
<Content>Avoid at all cost We arrived at the hotel 2/7/2006 unfortunately at midnight because our flight was delayed. I was to attend a conference the next day. A non-smoking room as reserved was not available. When we arrived at the only room available at 12:30 AM the cleaning staff were in the room spraying it down with lysol and air refreshiner. The room reaked of ciagarette smoke which worsened if you turned on the fan or heat. Although I applaud them for their efforts, the combination was noxious. At 1:30AM the fire alarm in the room went off. After over an hour of deliberation with the front desk, security, and maintenace staff we finally got a non-smoking room at 2:30 AM. After the inconvenience of a delayed flight the inconvenience at the hotel was rather unwelcome and made my trip to SanFran rather unproductive. For $242 plus tax per night I would avoid this place like the plague. I had intended to write a letter to corporate but was told the hotel is no longer under management with Marriot and is in limbo with regard to management. Things are becoming a little more clear....  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	2	4	

<Author>Teyla
<Content>Location, Location, Location We enjoyed a 3 day stay at the Parc 55! The location is the best because of the proximity to BART (across the street), and the cable cars (1 block away). Westfield Shopping Center is located directly across the street (Nordstroms, Bloomingdale, great food court too).The service and the rooms were excellent and we would highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in San Francisco that would like to be close to the shopping and public transportation. It is right on Market Street, and is close to Chinatown.Parking is a little pricey at $40 for overnight; however, parking is at a premium at this location.We found great rates for this hotel on Expedia; however, I would recommend that you check out their website (Parc 55) first because they have several special package rates.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EdRicarti
<Content>Perfect stay, best location in San Francisco         
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RyanMarin
<Content>Weak Hotel was just ok. Nice lobby but the rooms are dated. OK for business use. Great location if you want to be on union square.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Radrat
<Content>Your search is over!!! Just returned from the Parc 55 and had to write about our GREAT experience! We loved the hotel and the area. First of all, as we checked in, the service at the front desk was fantastic and the staff was very friendly. They assigned us a Club View Room on the 31st floor which has spectacular views of the downtown skyline and access to their private lounge for evening drinks and continental breakfast in the morning, also located on the 31st floor. The room was very clean and the beds were wonderful with plenty of pillows to choose from. If possible, leave your car at home. This place is located within 1 block from any type of transportation you could need. BART, MUNI, Trolleys, cable cars, busses and taxis are all a stones throw away. I would highly suggest the 3 day MUNI pass for $18. It can be purchased at the cable car ticket booth on Powell and Market St. There is a large mall just across the street and Union Square 1 block away. Last but not least, I would like to comment the concierge for his great knowledge of the area and his wonderful help in setting up our itinerary.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tymothy
<Content>Great location Well you can't beat the location, right at Market and Powell St. So if your looking for downtown shopping you can't beat this hotel. It is a little dated and could us an update. But the rooms are a good size, very clean and comfortable.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>yupric
<Content>so so I stayed here with my girlfriend who was attending a conference here. Picked the hotel based on that. The hotel is located well, not far from lots of shopping on Union Square and across the street from a main transit station. One thing I have to say is try to book on a higher floor. We where on Geary street on a lower floor and it was quite noisy most nights. If you wear earplugs it might suffice. Service was quick to the room.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>LadyRayRay
<Content>A Stroll in the Parc My boyfriend and I had stayed at Renaissance Parc 55 after thoroughly reading the reviews on this site as well as others. We decided to give it a shot and were absolutely impressed and satisfied. LOCATION and TRANSPORTATION: Renaissance Parc is located in Union Square and I discovered that it was close to many forms of transportation including both the BART and the MUNI. And while cabs are scarce in San Francisco, I was pleased to see that there were usually at least 2 cabs waiting outside by the street. If there aren't any cabs there, I know that there were always a line of cabs outside of the Westin Hotel a few blocks away.  Literally right outside Parc hotel is a shopaholic's dream. It's blocks away from Saks, Macy's, and other department stores as well as unique boutiques and stores along the way. There's also a new Westfield Mall right by there on Market Street which has a Nordstrom and Bloomindales. I also took a walk to Chinatown from there, and while it's not that far, make sure to wear comfy shoes. Somewhat southwest of the hotel further down Market Street, the area gets a little bit shadier and seems to crawl with even more homeless people (San Francisco as a whole has a huge homeless population), but it's nothing to be wary of.  As for places to eat by there - we ate at a dim sum place called Tian Sing right outside which was great! The place was clean (cleaner than the ones I saw in Chinatown) and the service was very attentive. We also ate at this trendy spot across the street from Tian Sing called First Crush. The place was okay, but not exactly worth the pricey tag. I'd just go there again for drinks or a cocktail. SERVICE and CLEANLINESS: We checked in around 11am and found out from the hotel desk that official check-in time was not until later at 3pm; however, before even asking, the woman checked to see if there were any available rooms and checked us in to a 14th floor room. The man who brought up the luggage to our room was very helpful and pointed out what was what right from our window (whichwas a breathtaking view!).  The room was clean. The bed was very comfy and cushy and had a plethora of pillows! The bathroom was big and absolutely not cramped like some hotel bathrooms I've seen. The only problem I seemed to have was with their shower curtain- no matter how much I tried to close the curtain, it seemed as if water would always be seeping onto the floor. BOTTOM LINE:The place was exactly what we wanted. A clean hotel with genuine and friendly service right in the heart of the city. As for price, it was mid-range, but well worth it. I'd definitely stay here again and try to get a room on a higher floor for an even more spectacular view.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bluhouse1
<Content>Better than expected I booked two rooms through Priceline for an overnight stay in San Francisco. My goal was to have a comfortable, affordable place to stay that was close to the Westfield Shopping Mall. I traveled with my elderly mother and convenience was a priority. The Renaissance Parc 55 Hotel was just what we were looking for. I was able to secure the rooms at a very reasonable rate through Priceline. Both rooms were immaculate. The beds are extremely comfortable with lots and lots of pillows. The staff was courteous, and they never made us feel as though we should get bargain service just because we paid a bargain rate. We had drinks and appetizers at a small bar on-site. The food was adequate, but a bit pricey. If you walk two short blocks to the Westfield Mall on Market Street, you have dozens and dozens of eating establishments to chose from. The hotel is very convenient to Union Square and all the major attractions near the Civic Center. If you want to take a cable car to Fisherman's Wharf, you just have to walk one block. The BART station is also nearby, allowing you to travel to many Bay Area cities very easily.We did notice some transient people loitering in the general vicinity of the hotel, but the hotel security staff does seem to stay on top of this and moves these folks away from the main hotel entrance. I would discourage people from walking to Union Square if they want to avoid panhandlers.I would definetely stay at the Renaissance Hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>JRGreen
<Content>Nice place and nice staff My boyfriend and I stayed here after Thanksgiving for four nights. The hotel is clean and comfortable. The staff were all very nice - from the maids to the front desk. The Veranda lounge is nice in the evenings with live piano music and a great bar. The location here is excellent - close to the public transportation, Union Square, shopping, etc. There are some panhandlers in nearby Union Square but this comes with the territory in San Francisco, which has a large number of homeless. We had a room on the 16th floor which had a nice skyline view - I understand the views are even better higher up. Will definitely stay here again on our next visit!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WappingViisitor
<Content>Excellent quality hotel Stayed here for 6 nights mid-November with my partner. We were given a great, really comfortable room on the 24th floor. The view was simply fantastic. The beds were really comfortbale and the staff throught were attentive and helpful. We would certainly stay here again  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Ms. Christina
<Content>Great accommodations, serious homless problem around hotel Very nice hotel, great location in proximity to things to do in the city, beautiful lobby, average to above average rooms, with a nice view. Excellent service that I would expect from an upscale hotel. Right away we were bombarded by the homeless. We we're just pulling into the parking garage (which costs $40 a night) and a homeless man came to the window, very agressively begging, would not leave our window no matter how many times we asked him to go away. In he morning, we walked to breakfast. Immediately outside the doors, two homeless people asking for money, one making sickly disturbing comments about my six year old daughter. Not far away, we were followed and harrassed by another homless person. They were everywhere you turned, literally, and very agressive. The Parc Renassaince tried their best to shoo them from in front of the hotel, but once you step a few feet away from the property, you are a target.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	5	2	

<Author>AThena53
<Content>Nice room, awful telecommunications       Our Room  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	1	

<Author>RoccoF
<Content>Perfect Getaway I booked this hotel on Priceline for a great rate and was not expecting to get a terrific room with a fantastic view of the city from top floor of the hotel (32). Upon check-in I explained to the front desk that a view was important to me as I was traveling with my 10 year old son who liked to look out the window the whole time. Of course, I would benefit too! They were very nice about accomodating my request and that one thing above all made my trip. The hotel is just steps away from Bart, which we took to and from SFO, as well as Union Square and the end of the Powell St. cable car line. It is a very crowded and active part of town but where all the action is. There is also a ton of shopping to be done across the street. The room was well appointed and the staff friendly. A maid offered turn-down service in the evening complete with several chocolates for my son. I could have used a refrigerator but used the ice bucket instead. Also, there are inexpensive restaurants and cafes located in the lobby area for coffee in the morning or a quick breakfast. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PumpDesigner
<Content>Right at the Centre of Things This hotel, like most in this chain, is well run with attentive service and clean comfortable rooms.The location is excellent and close to the cable car stop right in down town SF. Excellent shopping is all around.I prefer this downtown location to the overly touristy Fishermans Wharf area.One word of caution, SF was full of homeless people when I visited. Although I never felt threatened or in danger they can be intimidating if you are on your own.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Heart10
<Content>Perfect Location - Valet Parking Watch Them We arrived in hotel after a flight from North Carolina. Unsure of how difficult it would be to find the hotel we were pleasantly surprised how easy it was to find and get into.Check-in was quick and efficient. The polite lady gave us the details of the hotel and directions to places that we inquired about. Our room was on the 26th floor and had a wonderful view of the city. The room was very large and clean. The bathroom was big and very clean. There were more towels than we would use in a week at home.The hotel if very close to the cable-car (about a half block to a block). There was a long line for the cable-car but well worth the wait to get to Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel is also in an excellent shopping district (found a wonderful shoe store about 2-3 blocks away, that my hubby wishes didn't exist.)We went into Barley 'N' Hops Sports Bar located in the hotel for a quick bite to eat and had so much fun joking with the waiter / bartender that we stayed for 2 hours. The food was very good and not expensive (1 burger w/ fries, 1 chicken sandwich w/ fries, 1 soft drink and 1 beer) at about $20.00.The only problem we had was when we checked out we paid for the Valet parking at check-out. When we went to get the car, the people at the valet parking office tried to charge us again even though we showed them we had paid at check-out. They were rude and told us this was not the correct way to do this. They even asked us to go back inside and get the money, we refused. Because of this they were very slow in getting our car and when they did, the driver got out of the car and stood with his hand held out. We loaded our own luggage and the guy continued to stand with his hand held out. My husband shook his hand and said, thank you. After the way we were treated we did not feel they deserved a tip. However, I must say that when we arrived the valet staff was very nice and helpful. They quickly came to the car and opened our doors and helped us get all of our belongings out of the car and carried them inside to check-in for us.Quick advice on Valet parking: Valet parking is $40 per night: On-site self parking is either $8 per hour or $40 per night. If you are not planning on driving upon arrival the Valet parking is a better deal because parking is scarce (even with the rudeness when we were leaving.)I would recommend this hotel to anyone. We used Marriot travel vouchers and had no problems using them.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>traveltina
<Content>Not Bad - Not Great We stayed here in early August as a family of 4 w/ 15  12 year old kids on first trip to San Francisco. The hotel is a bit outdated; not rundown necessarily, just outdated. We had a gorgeous suite with wraparound views on one of the upper floors. The view was just stunning--we could see the Golden Gate Bridge out the bedroom window and the Coit Tower out the Living Room window. Service was fine; restaurant was ok. Nothing really outstanding; just average. This is probably a better business hotel than tourist place. But if you get a great rate or use points, it is just fine. The cable car was right there, there was lots of shopping. It was not the best part of town but convenient enough.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Buds46
<Content>fantastic hotel, well located stayed at the Parc 55 in september during a business trip. 5minutes from union square and main shopping area.hotel room was spacious clean and gave us clear views of the city. Thai restaurant in the hotel served amazing thai food that was reasonably priced. the sports bar was also a great place to eat and drink. location of the hotel is really well placed - you're in the middle of everything.planning on coming back to SF next year for a vacation and will be sure to book my room at Parc 55 again.perfect place to relax after a hard days work (or shopping ;) )  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>CJaxon23
<Content>Very Nice and Clean Hotel The hotel was in an excellent location. Just one block from all the shops at Union Square and steps away from the BART station and the Powell Street cable cars. The staff was very helpful and efficient. The room was huge (we stayed in room #1972). We had breakfast in the Veranda restaurant and the food was great. Overall, I would definitely stay here again. It was extremely clean and the location could not be beat. I would recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>SandyCA
<Content>Great Location Great location, next to union square, across the street from bart and cable car. Hotel very clean, nice room 1001 with 4 very large bay windows with a city view. Room large, clean, the bathroom tile is dated, shower pressure excellent. Bed comfortable. Excellent italian restaurant across the street, check out is 1pm which was great. Parking at hotel $39 a day, however if you walk 1 block down steet price $29 a day and if you park in off site garages after 5:30pm and out by 9:30 am only $15. Bid for room on priceline $75. I would stay here again and do feel it is a good deal if you can get the room for $150 or less. Staff very friendly and helpful. Street noise early in morning due to garbage trucks which is common in SF, bring earplugs if you are a light sleeper.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TheRightChemistry
<Content>Good hotel, nothing extraordinary I stayed at the Renaissance during a recent visit to San Francisco to attend a conference.The location is excellent. Right on Market, easy access to Union Square, and right next to a large BART station from which you can easily get to both San Francisco and Oakland airports.The hotel itself is not as glamorous as the web site makes it appear. It's a standard large hotel. Well maintained, but without charm. The rooms are small, but this is typical of San Francisco. For example, there were two large chairs near the window, but you really had to put your feet up on one of the beds to sit in them. The bed was very comfortable, with a nice comforter and plenty of pillows. The bathroom was OK, but didn't have much counter space. The bay window looked out over the roof of part of the hotel and some air conditioning units. The workout room had a pretty good selection of bikes and treadmills, but very few Nautilus style machines, and the AC wasn't working terribly well. There is quite a good Thai restaurant in the building, and easy access to many restaurants in the area.I would stay at this hotel again, but only for less than the $220 special conference rate.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>nola75
<Content>decent I booked this room after reading the reviews and getting a good rate through AAA. Two days before I was to arrive, I received an email from the hotel asking if I would need anything special for my stay; extra pillows, late check-in, etc. So I requested 2 foam pillows, which was one of the choices and a room away from the elevators. Fast Forward to check in:there was no one in line at the front desk however none of the agents even looked up. Two of them were having their own conversation. When she finally did look up she just asked us our name and for our credit card, handed us our keys and told us where the elevator was. She never once smiled or even said hello. I felt this was a bit off-putting as she was so not friendly.We get up to our floor and surpise surprise our room is 2 doors away from the elevator and no foam pillows. I didnt complain because in reality it wasnt going to hamper my stay but the fact that I asked for these things and was given the complete opposite unnerved me a bit.The positives: The room was quite large, especially for SF. The bed was super comfy. Location is great to catch any type of public transportation and right by union square. The bathroom could use some updating, specifically the floor.I did not eat at the hotel or use the fitness center.All in all, I would stay here again as the price was good and if youre visitng SF you shouldnt be in your room that much anyway.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Riffmaster
<Content>Boringly competent Had 3 nights here in August. Very good location near Union Square, Macys etc and the Powell Street cable terminus. Appears grand on entering, but after forcing you to drag your bags down a long chandelier clad corridor to check in, thats it! Staff ok, but one chap next to me was not getting what he had booked, and although he was very polite and calm, staff member seemed pretty indifferent. Our room was of modest size, and the whole scenario (like the rest of the hotel) was bland,bland,bland. We were also just behind the lift which could be heard at night. $40.00 a night for parking? No thanks - cheaper garages abound around every corner! Very average, sure could do better for less.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TonyW
<Content>Great All Round       Room 1301  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JenSmith
<Content>Most disappointing hotel in SF This hotel is one of the most disappointing hotels in San Francisco and an absolute embarassment to the Renaissance brand. I have traveled to San Francisco more than 100 times over the last five years and sampled just about every major upscale hotel in the area. I would stay anywhere but this place. The disappointment begins with the area that the hotel is located in, which, although centrally located, is the seediest part of the city and abounds in threatening looking characters. I felt at risk just stepping out of the hotel!The overall ambience within the hotel is gaudy early-eighties and an absolute assault to the eyes and senses. Rooms are small, even by San Francisco standards, and missing the nice balconies that hotels like Hilton and Meridien have. The overall feeling is of clutter and claustrophobia, exacerbated by windows that don't open adequately and leaflets touting all manner of hotel services.The beds are comfortable but nothing unique to the upgraded beds available at almost all major chains today. By the way, almost every pictures on the hotel website is highly unrepresentative of reality.Hotel infrastructure is in need of serious upgrading. Heating and air-conditioning system is ineffective and noisy. Water pressure is weak and hot and cold water mixing is problematic leading to uncomfortable showers and shaving. To cap it all, the hotel charges a usurious rate for internet service and only offer service from noon-to-noon regardless of when you check-in and check-out.Bathrooms have a dated feel and look. And there are marks on the wall of amenities that were once attached to walls and are now gone.Hotel staff service levels are nothing special and a little below average. The concierge lounge is absolutely below standards of typical hotel properties and closed on weekends unlike most other major upscale hotels in downtown SF.Overall, the quality and feel of this hotel is a better fit for Fairfield Inn than Marriott's top-of-the-line Renaissance brand. Only worth a stay if you can get it a Fairfield prices -- i.e. , below US$60.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	3	2	1	

<Author>HoustonFamily
<Content>Nice, Big City Hotel Fairly typical large city hotel. Rooms were nice although a bit small (no room for a roll away in a two queen bed room). Looked new and well maintained; staff was helpful. Nice view from room towards financial district and south down the bay. Breakfast buffet expensive but good. Convenient to cable cars and Union Square. Parking not unreasonable for SF and they were very efficient with my coming and going several times during the day. If you've stayed in a nice big city hotel, you know what to expect.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>brv08
<Content>Central location We stayed here one night to attend a concert at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium. It was a quick walk to the auditorium. The hotel is right across the street from the cable cars, close to all the major shopping and within walking distance to Union Square. In the times I have been to San Francisco, I have yet to find a GOOD neighborhood. The streets are overrun with homeless people begging for money. With this being said, I feared for my life on our walk to the concert. It is really bad! However, I was pleased with the hotel. The bedding was great! Very comfortable bed, and descent size room (remember you are in San Francisco). The pictures on the Marriott website are a bit misleading. the hotel lobby is a fraction of the size it appears in the pictures. I must say, everything was clean and in order. I would stay here again for the right price.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>max71
<Content>Brilliant hotel and location My son and I travelled to San Francisco at the end of June for a 16 night tour of the West Coast of America starting in SF.Following our arrival by the BART $5.30 each from SF airport we came out of the station and walked across the road to the Renainssance Parc 55.Checked in by Robert who was lovely, very nice room on the 10 floor good view of the city and bay in the distance.No complaints what so ever. Our only disapointment in SF was not pre-booking tickets to Alcatraz via the internet, and as our stay was only for 2 nights we missed out! It may cost a few more $ but not as much as another trip from the UK!!!! We would travel back to SF but only to see Alcatraz, everything else was very nice and just like on TV but we've seen it now!Oh.....do remember a coat YES IT IS COLD IN SUMMER!!!! about 62 degrees and very windy!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mooretw33
<Content>Great Location, Excellent Service My wife and I just returned from 4 days in San Francisco. I had only been to SF one time before and had stayed at the Grand Hyatt, also a nice hotel. My wife had never been. We flew in from DC to Oakland and rented a car as we were planning on traveling to Napa/Sonoma, Muir Woods, Sausalito, etc. We arrived at the Renaissance at 10:30 am and were not only provided with an early check-in but were upgraded to a suite on the 32nd floor w/ club access. The view was spectacular. You can see the whole city and the mountains. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. Great shower too. We tipped our maid each day and were left with extra chocolates each night. On our last night we were surprised upon returning to our room to find a bucket with 2 ice cold Anchor Steam beers and a plate of fresh fruit. I had made sure to tip every staff member that helped me and I believe this was the result. Parking was $38 a day + tax which was comparable to other cities we have visited. Previous reviews have mentioned that the lobby was cheesy or gaudy and I would have to agree but I don't go on vacation to hang out in the lobby nor did I eat at the hotel. San Francisco has too many great restaurants!Places we had great meals: Stinson Beach Grill (Stinson Beach), The Girl and The Fig(Sonoma), EO Trading Company (SF) - excellent Calamari, Plouf (SF)Our least favorite food was at Horizons in Sausalito, but the view on the deck is magnificent.Hotel Negatives: Concierge service was slow and did not provide accurate information at times. (we were told Stinson Beach was over 2 hours away...it's 30 - 40 min). The Club manager was not very personable but we can't complain since it was an upgrade for us.I would definitely stay at the Renaissance again.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JasonBailey
<Content>Great location Stayed at the Parc 55 for one night on Saturday, June 24. The lobby is beautiful and the service from the valet and front desk staff is very good. Overall, the property is very clean and appears to be well maintained. My room on the tenth floor was also clean, fairly large for a S.F. property, had a decent view and was well appointed. The bed was actually very comfortable. I did by the way ask for a complimentary upgrade at check in so its possible that my room was a little nicer than the regular rooms but you often don't know if you really are being upgraded unless you are a regular and/or are very familiar with the property. I did not dine at the hotel so I cannot comment about the quality of the food at the Parc however I had a drink in the sports bar which was quite small but like any other hotel sports bar. The Parc 55 is definitely one of the most strategically located hotels in S.F. in my opinion. Union Square, shopping and great restaurants are all very close and within easy walking distance. There is also an abundance of stores with wine, food, etc. all around the area if one wanted to get supplies or perhaps their own wine/beer. One disappointment however was the absence of an in room refrigerator and mini bar which made having any cold snacks or beverages on hand impossible. The Parc 55 is where the visiting baseball teams stay when they are in town to play the Giants (at least it used to be and I believe that this is still the case). All in all, I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent stay I stayed at the centrally located Renaissance Parc 55 Hotel for 4 nights on business and was very pleased. Staff was attentive without being overbearing, the room was absolutely divine (spacious corner room with a wonderful view) and squeaky clean, and room service was fast and tasty and moderately priced. There are several restaurants within walking/trolley distance but my favorite during this trip was a nice Italian restaurant - Panetti's (friendly people, excellent food) 鈥?located across the street from the hotel. Business or pleasure, I will definitely return to the Parc 55 my next trip to San Francisco.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>vallecitogirl
<Content>Perfect fit My teenage daughter and I made a quick decision to travel to San Francisco to do a little sight seeing and shopping. Since we were so late in making our travel plans most hotels were sold out or were asking top $$ for their rooms. We tend to stay at either Marriotts, Hiltons or Hyatts so I was a little surprised when the Marriott Renaissance Parc 55 showed availability at a decent price. What was even a bigger surprise was that I was able to use my Marriott points which left us more money for shopping!We arrived at the hotel around noon and fully expected to leave our bags with the bellman and check in later in the day. To our surprise a room was ready and we immediately checked in. The front desk could not of been more helpful. Our room was non-smoking as requested with two very comfortable beds. We were given a room with a bay view. We were on the 17th floor and the view was of the bay but not much of it. Too many other high rise buildings in the way blocking the view. The higher you go, the better view but this was not an issue to us.The room was comfortable and the bathroom was just fine. They could use more counter space for storage. The biggest drawback was the ability to hear people in the rooms on either side of us. I wonder if the guests in those rooms knew that we could hear their early morning conversations about getting ready for their flights or their late night giggles, etc.I was surprised that we did not have evening turn down service, this would have been a nice touch.The location of the hotel was perfect. Just around the corner from Union  Powell streets you were at the beginning of the cable car system or just steps from the BART station. You are also within walking distance of all the shopping around Union Square. The front desk and bell desk was very helpful with maps, where to go and where not to go (the tenderloin district) and dining options.We never did dine in the hotel so I cannot comment on that. Too many places around the hotel to eat so why bother with hotel dining.It was suggested that we buy a 1 day pass for the cable car which we did. It use is good for the cable cars and the bus system. It was also suggested that on our return trip to the airport we use the BART system. Since we had to pay a $42 (incl. tip) cab fare to the hotel from the airport on our return we used the BART system. $5.15 one-way. It was great! Only drawback to this is the ticket machines don't really have instructions on them and most people are either too busy to help you or are in the same boat as you. We did find a nice lady that was getting her own ticket to help us out only to have a very rude lady come up from behind and start yelling at us because we were holding up the line! Nobody else seemed to have a problem with us and there are many machines. I think she was just an unhappy person.Would we stay here again - yes.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelingfromTX
<Content>Loved the Location We stay at many Marriotts. The Renaissance Parc 55 was what I would classify as fine. The lobby was pretty, however the hallways and the rooms were just average size and were a little worn. The service was very good, however we had a major problem with the doorman and a limo company, which has yet to be resolved.The location was wonderful. You could walk virtually everywhere, or take the Powell Street Cable car 1.5 blocks away, the BART across the way, or an inexpensive taxi to most sights!I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>S6blr
<Content>We Don't Need No Water Pressure I was upgraded to the 32nd floor as the hotel was full despite booking my room several months in advance. Whilst I had a room when I arrived, they had messed up the booking even though I called from abroad to confirm my arrival. First note to self-this is a bad sign of mis-management. I was cheerfully checked in and then went to my room on the Club floor. I expected to have a magnificent rooom only to be disappointed by at best a decidedly average room. Not more room, but some tasky nicer appointments. The bed was pretty decent, but the distinct lack of water pressure, without scalding yourself or freezing cold shower does not justify the Club experience in my humble opinion. If you stay here you also get to deal with the hordes of tramps frequently around the outside of the hotel at night ddue to proximity to the Tenderloin district, so take cabs at night. Frankly I would probably not pay my personal money to stay here -- the company paid.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>horns1
<Content>Not up to Renaissance standards I stayed at the Parc 55 for 5 days in April and had three rooms for a family trip. I have stayed at Marriotts and Renaissance hotels often and am familiar with what standards to expect. I aslo have traveled to San Fran often and have stayed at other hotels in the Union Square area. Although the Renaissance line of hotels can be inconsistant about what to expect, this hotel is more like a Holiday Inn in their standards. It definately ranks far below comparable hotels in the area that I have stayed in, including the St. Francis, Hyatt and far below the Fairmont. The rooms are stripped of most upgrades that were once there and the overall appearance is not very memoriable. The restaurants do not operate fully at dinner and it seems that everything is done to save money. The lounge was closed on weekends and other services were reduced. For the same price as The Palace and Omni it is very overpriced.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>suebob
<Content>Parc 55 - still a leading contender The Parc 55 has remained an excellent hotel, well-run, definitely meets or exceeds expectations.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>psu0904
<Content>Worked out very well I spent three nights (4/7 - 4/9) at this hotel while in San Francisco for a conference. The hotel is very attractive, with clean rooms and beds to die for. I mean, this must be what laying on a cloud feels like. However, despite the wonderful bed, I was unable to sleep the first night because I had a room on the sixth floor overlooking the alley and the dumpsters that I became very well aquainted with. I was compensated by the hotel for this lack of sleep resulting from the dumster noise in the form of a new room on the thirteenth floor and a comped room (first night).I thought this was very stand-up and customer-oriented by the hotel - hence my high rating. I felt that I was treated very well and always with the utmost courtesy.The one final point is that the housekeeping staff need to ensure that the creamer in the little coffee packets are not stale. I had this experience but they quickly brought fresh replacements.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SeminarTrekker
<Content>Fine Place to Stay I do like to stay at Marriott's and stayed at this Marriott Parc 55 Renaissance Hotel because it was convenient to a S.F. Amtrak Rail Pick Up Bus Stop,across from the San Francisco Shopping Center on Market. I had taken the train into the East Bay. I was in town for a Film Festival. The check in process was smooth and the front desk reception person was friendly and efficient. My room had a nice city view, and was clean and looked modern. Moderate size.This hotel is convenient to many San Francisco attractions, restaurants, trendy stores, as well as transportation lines (B.A.R.T., Muni buses, Trolley Cars, Cable Cars). There is only one enterance into the Hotel but multiple exists.This Marriott is part of their Renaissance line (typically older restored buildings). I stayed at one other Marriott Renaissance, The Chancery Court in London, which is one of the finest place's I stayed at. My only complaint, is one of the days, they messed up on cleaning my room, but later on in the day, someone checked about it. Other than that, I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay but spendy This hotel is pretty nice. We were there for a business trip, and the price was up there but competitive with other nice ones in the area. Doors are thin and noise easily comes both from the hall and the street below. Room service is prompt and super friendly, but a little on the expensive side and the taste is average at best (dined in 3 times, yeah it's lame). They really bend over backwards to make sure you are happy at the hotel in general. The gym is pretty good, plenty of machines if it is busy. The bed was quite comfortable, and the shower was nice/powerful. Good location within walking distance to a lot of attractions. Overall, if I had to stay in the city, I would stay there again (especially if it were on someone else's dime).  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yc999
<Content>Grand Hotel, Great Location My hubby and I stayed at this property for 6 days over new year of 2006. This is a great property in SF, best location of all, we think. We were warned that parking in SF is very expensive($40/day), we don't want to waste money on parking at all. So without a rental, this property is the one. You can take the bart train from Airport to the Bart station at Pawell st, which is located just accross the street from the hotel. And if you do want to get out of town to check out other sites, you can easily rent a car for the day, which is very convinient. In town, the powell st cable cart is just around the corner. We got a room on the higher flr, so the noise level could be lower, and plus you get nice city view....they do have in-room high speed internet, but cost extral, I ordered it for a week, around $40, I think, which is worth it, since it is very good for finding out the stuff you want to do, restrauants you want to eat at, e.t.c....Over all, we are very happy with it. This will be our spot for SF from now on...  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>radiacabeza
<Content>Great Location! BF and I stayed at the Parc 55 this past weekend and we had a great time. The hotel is just across the street from the Powell Street Bart station - super convenient. It is about a 2-3 min walk to Powell Street and the great shops  restaurants. Had a great corner room with a nice city view (room 2269). Be aware that you can hear city noise. Hotel staff were very friendly. Room was large and clean. We would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bianca79
<Content>Great hotel My boyfriend and I stayed at the Omni on December 2, 2005 for 1 night. The hotel is beautiful and service is excellent! I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying in San Francisco!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>smalltowngalReno
<Content>Holidays at the Parc Stayed at the Parc 55 for two nights, Dec 22-23, and couldn't have been happier with our accommodations. Prior to our arrival, I spoke to Donna (at the front desk) who was very helpful and made arrangements for two adjoining rooms with lovely views of the city. After reading many reviews about small rooms in the city, I found these rooms to be quite spacious with a sitting area where we could enjoy our coffee in the morning while enjoying the view. We found the beds very comfortable, the bathrooms good size, and the water pressure for showers was good. They had a great holiday room rate, $119/night, which was appreciated since parking is expensive $38/night. Everyone at the hotel, from the bellman to the room service waiter, was very courteous and friendly and we would definitely stay there again. We walked to Union Square and did some shopping and took in many San Francisco events. First, be prepared, everything in SF is EXPENSIVE. The first night we attended a concert at Davies Symphony Hall (excellent venue and fantastic musicians). Afterwards, we had dinner at the Italian restaurant across the street from the hotel(Panetti's)and it was very good. I recommend the eggplant parmesan. The second day we attended the 2pm performance of the San Francisco Ballet's Nutcracker at the War Memorial Opera House. This is an experience you don't want to miss. Beautiful scenery and dancing, it was truly breathtaking.I think we should have stopped with those two events, because the last one (Holiday Lights Tour) on the motorized cable car was a bummer. First, the only holiday lights you see are at Union Square (which is where we boarded). It's the standard (canned) tour of the city, nothing more, which we may have enjoyed more during the day, but at night, you miss a lot. Not recommended. After the tour, we couldn't find a place to eat that wasn't packed to the gills with shoppers, and it was 9pm. We finally got a table at Johnny's, where it was cramped and hot and the server had an attitude. Expensive and not very good, I wouldn't recommend Johnny's either. I think we would try and make dinner reservations next time we visit.All in all, we had a wondeful time in San Francisco!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nitehawk
<Content>Christmas at the Parc 55       Christmas at the Parc 55  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Doll3001
<Content>Great deal at the Parc 55! I stayed at the Parc 55 on December 30th with my fiance, at a discounted rate we got using priceline. It was my first time using priceline, and I think I should have started with an even lower rate, but at $100 a night we were very satisfied. We were accomidated in our request for a room on a high floor; the nice lady at the check in desk gave us a bay view room on the 26th floor. The hotel is very big, and a little corporate looking, the lobby decor is maybe a little less than cutting edge, but the rooms are very clean, with nice, expensive looking furniture, good quality amenities in the bathroom, and a comfortable bed with a lovely looking bedspread. It did have one of those weird foamy blankets under the bedspread, and I am afraid of actualy touching hotel bedspreads, but we were comfortable nonetheless. Everything looked extremely clean, I am just paranoid. The windows do not open, but you have your own thermostat. We were able to hear people walking above us and people in the hall occasionaly, but never in a ongoing way and not at night. We were in town just for the night to go to a concert, and to do a little shopping. The location was great for shopping at Union Square, we got everything done quickly and easily. We were so happy in our room that we ended up ordering room service, which was prompt and extremely good! We had a very nice stay, and if you get a good rate, I would say don't hesitate to stay at the Parc 55.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Seven_Continents
<Content>Great combination of location, room type and service Stayed here 12/2-4,2005. Had a regular room on the 23 floor. Hotel was almost full but didn't feel that way. You are 1/2 a block from the BART/MUNI staion on Powell which is fantastic. Room was typical Marriott type - the room was adequate and my bathroom was great, although I had a corner room. The room was spotless and the shower items were replaced daily. Windows had a door at the bottom to open and close for fresh air which was appreciated. It's a noisy part of town, but the windows blocked out all but the loudest sirens. Service was great, I was given late check out and the concierge took care of my simple request with a smile. Elevators were quick and there are plenty of places close by to get coffee, snacks etc. There are pay-internet stations that were not horribly expensive near the main restaurant. - $4.00 for 20 minutes - much better than using the TV internet or paying $12 for 24 hours just to check your email real quick.I got a very good rate but would pay a bit more for the combination of services available and location. The building is starting to look a bit dated, but everything works and is clean.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jessicak
<Content>it was ok - not topnotch Renaissance Nice hotel room but small. Not much room to navigate around the bed, although there was a nice small sitting area by the window. Bathroom was not particularly large either (an issue for my traveling companion.)With all the hotels in SF, I didn't see anything about this one to entice me to stay there again, necessarily.I expect top-level accommodations at a Renaissance.I did appreciate that Parc 55 had a parking package rate because we drove to SF, where parking is notoriously expensive.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jct_9_M3
<Content>Very nice hotel - but stay on a higher floor Stayed for 4 nights and really had no complaints with the hotel.Great location, very close to Union Square, shopping, convention centre, SFMOMA, etc.Room was fine; good service particularly from housekeeping. Breakfast in the restaurant is pricey, although the bar area immediately outside serves complimentary coffee and inexpensive pastries.Only downside was the noise from the surrounding streets: Thought I would be OK on the 9th floor, but it's a zoo around here late at night (it is the middle of San Francisco after all). Mostly, very loud police sirens going every half hour through the night. However, the hotel moved me up to the 22nd floor and all was well. Great view too.Would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mazzyk
<Content>First Time in San Francisco - great choice of hotel I'm so delighted that I opted for the Renaissance Parc 55 for my first ever visit to San Francisco.We arrived v early on a flight from Vegas as we needed to cram in a full day's sight-seeing in SF. Took a taxi to the hotel and expected to have to dump our bags and come back later to check-in. But to my pleasant surprise, we were able to check-in around 8.30am at no extra charge. Receptionist was lovely as were the porters - v helpful with recommendations.Dashed out for our trip to Alcatraz followed by a city bus tour. Finally crashed back at hotel later in day. Room was very comfortable and clean and quite high - 14th floor? Felt a bit dizzy at the window!Went to visit friends in the evening so didn't get a chance to use other facilities in the hotel. Picked up a hire car in the morning - didn't realise there was a Hertz desk in the hotel which would have been v handy - had arranged to pick up car at Westin St Francis. Brought car back to hotel where a bunch of porters attempted to load myself, 2 seniors and 8 pieces of luggage into a Ford Mustang convertible. They deserve an award for patience and for ability to re-configure the contents so we all fitted in!! They seemed very concerned about us leaving SF and driving to LA!!I'd booked through Octopus Travel on the web and got a great deal but I would pay more next time if necessary to stay there as the staff and hotel are worth it!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It did it for me Having travelled all that distance across the Atlantic for our annual holidays in California it was a pleasure to relax in the luxurious and spacious rooms of the Renaissance Park 55. The staff were extremely courteous and helpful, in addition to there prompt response to all our requests. The hotel location is second to none for sightseeing, shopping and dining out. To sum up the hotel, the surroundings, the staff and location made that special difference to our holidays. We will be back!Joe Taylor  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Corporate But OK Very competent and central hotel, two minutes walk from Union Square and really convenient for the SF mall, right opposite. Room was fine - good size and a fantastic view. Asked for an upgrade to the Club floor and was given it - the restaurant was good, and the bar serves some really good cocktails, but if there's a conference going on, the bar is way too small. Overall, nothing special, but competent, very clean and on the higher floors, great views.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Trev01
<Content>Renaissance Parc 55 A well located hotel near all the action. Particularly good for Union Square, shopping and the cable car terminus.A medium quality hotel which does everthing correctly and efficiently. High level rooms are better than lower level which, as previous reviewers noted, are tired and in need of a makeover. The Club Lounge on 31st floor is unusually open 7 days a week and provides a good continental breakfast buffet, all day coffee and a small evening finger buffet and a limited selection of deserts. Good views from the lounge due it being several floors higher than neighbouring buildings. The only problem with the club lounge is the lack of tables for breakfast, as it is laid out as a lounge with sofas and low level glass topped coffee tables. It gets busy in the mornings as it caters for 3 executive floors as well as overspill from lower level rooms when the exec floors are overbooked. Check-in was a bit slow due to lack of staff at the front desk, (only one check-in attendant) but checking out was fast using the express checkout facility. 6 express lifts, ground to 31st floor in about 30 seconds and very little waiting in lobbies after calling for a lift.If you have booked a high level room with club access make sure you get it, don't be fobbed off with a lower level room with card access to the lounge as they try to get away with if you let them. The lower level rooms are not in very good condition and don't have the superb views that the high level rooms have.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dallastraveler74
<Content>Good  I agree with the poster before me, this hotel is looking a little worn and is not all it's cracked up to be. I too stay at Marriot properties all year long and the staff here is by far the least helpful of any I've experienced with Marriot. The location is in a convenient area with access to shopping and restaurants, if you go in the right direction. Make a wrong turn and you will be surrounded by druggies and prostitutes, don't make a left out of the front entrance! The final day of my stay here there was a fire alarm that went off at 5:30 AM. Being on the 26th floor it wasn't a pleasant surprise to wake to. Can you say earthquake?!?! Anyhow, we stayed here for 3 days and it will be the last 3 we ever spend there. Do yourself a favor and go to Hotel Monaco right down the block, better restaurants, better bar  MUCH better service!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place to stay The Renaissance Parc 55 Hotel on 6th Street is a great place to stay. I spent seven days there from 22 to 29 September 2005 and enjoyed every minute from check-in to check-out.The hotel staff are friendly courteous and informed. The Rooms are first class, spacious and bright and well equipped. A lazy day away from the shops can be spent in the comfort of the room. The Rooms are serviced daily and housekeeping staff are friendly and efficent and respect your need not be be disturbed.The leisure/health club is superb and again the staff are friendly and helpful.The restaurant has an excellent menu and food comes just as you ordered.The hotel is so convenient for Union Square, Market Street and the public transport networks.I would recommend the Parc 55 to all of my friends and indeed to anyone visiting this exciting city.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maisany
<Content>Great Views From The 24th Floor I stayed here on Labor Day Saturday and was quite pleased.This is a downtown/Union Square area hotel, so the caveats re the nearby Market Street/Tenderloin areas do apply, but if you can deal with that, the hotel is quite lovely.We got there late in the afternoon and they had no single king bed non-smoking rooms available immediately, but when I persisted, the receptionist told me that there were a couple that were being made up as we spoke and that they would be ready in a short while. When I told them that I would wait, I think they did everything they could to get me the nicest room possible, and I wound up with a very high (24th fl) corner room, very close to the elevators (but not noisy at all), with a really terrific view of the city.The room was a good size, although the only shortcoming was the entry hall is extremely narrow so that you have to stand clear of the door as you open it on the way out. Not a big deal.The bed was wonderful and the sheets and pillows were quite good as well. The bathroom was huge and well laid out.I had limited interaction with the staff but starting with the accomodating receptionist, everyone was very polite, professional and knowledgeable. I asked the concierge to find me an address of a nearby shop and he wrote it down on a map, making it very easy to find.The only down side to this hotel is the immediate neighborhood, which can be a little off-putting and limits your dining options somewhat, but otherwise, this is a very nice place to stay downtown and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jimtexas
<Content>She's looking a bit worn..... This hotel is at a great location. This hotel is looking a lot like its external surroundings---tired and worn. Its time for a massive overhaul.The front desk staff offer only blah, blah, blah when asked about securing a better room location. Why don't they just say yes or no? The blah, blah, blah is worse than a no. BTW--calling the hotel manager gets action.This was my hotel of choice in SF--not anymore.YAWN.I stay more than 200 nights a year--almost all at Marriott properties. The front desk staff at this hotel doesn't care about that.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Solid Hotel/great location The Parc 55, as all have said, is in a great location. Very convenient to all modes of transportation. The rooms were good, not great. The service was solid, not outstanding. It was just an all-around good hotel. Which was fine for me and my wife for the price we paid. There are a lot nicer hotels in the area. But for the money and location this one is definitely worth it.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Lovetotravel808
<Content>Excellent service, loved the Parc 55! The Renaissance Parc 55 in San Francisco was the second hotel we stayed at while on our 16 day vacation. We arrived at the Parc 55, tired after driving 14 hours in from Seattle. Being so tired, it really helped that the service was superb! The valet and front desk employees were extremely courteous and friendly. We booked a standard room with the government discount and was pleasantly surprised to have been upgraded to a huge, beautiful corner room with windows all around. We had an amazing view fronting Union Square! The room was well appointed and clean. Perhaps the only flaw in this room was that we booked a room with a King sized bed and instead got a room with a full size bed. This of course was overlooked once we saw the size of the room and the view! The bathroom was clean and had a few nice touches like a heater which came in handy since it was cold at night, a phone and a movable vanity mirror. Directly outside of the bathroom in front of the closet was a seperate changing area, which I thought was a nice touch. For those of you who love to stay fit, this hotel offers a 24-hour fitness center free of charge. Also, there are restaurants on the property which offer a variety of genres. My favorite meal there was breakfast in the hotel restaurant, prices were reasonable for San Francisco and tasty and of course service was superb. Location wise, you couldn't find a better place. It is so centralized! It is right across the street from shopping and in walking distance from Union Square. If you go out late at night, past midnight or so, don't go to the left of the hotel towards Larkin st. Not exactly the safest feeling in the world with the number of homeless people and prostitutes but what else can you expect from any big city. Valet parking was $38.00 plus tax...pretty high, but the going rate for San Francisco. If you don't mind public transportation, don't get a car. You can see most things on foot patrol or via cable cars. It was pretty rough having to pay almost the same amount for parking after our three nights there as it was for one night's stay. Needless to say, our stay was very enjoyable and we will definitely stay at the Parc 55 the next time we visit San Francisco! Can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DanielSE
<Content>Clean and friendly I was in SF on business, it was my first stay on the Parc 55, and I enjoyed it very much. The most important thing to me when I am travelling is that the rooms are clean and nice. My room at the Parc 55 was very clean and well maintained.I've been to SF many times, and alot of the hotels in this perfect area are worn out. I will definately stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>World-roamer
<Content>A pretty good hotel right in the shopping district We got a fantastic deal through Priceline, and so we thought this hotel was good value. But if we'd been paying full price I'm not so sure. It's a large hotel and our non-smoking room was a reasonable size. But there is no fridge and not even any tea or coffee making facilities. The daily maid service keeps the room very clean. The checkout time is 12 noon, so I suppose I can't complain that our room wasn't ready when we arrived at 2pm, and had to wait an hour and a half. It's well located next to all the big stores, cinemas, restaurants, public transport and car rental locations. The cable car terminus to Fisherman's Wharf is nearby, but always crowded. You could wait up to an hour at busy times. Here's a tip - they don't always fill the car up at the terminus, so go to the next stop up the line and you'll probably get on the first car to come along. After you've done the calble car thing once, you'll probably find the Market Street tram or the #30 trolley bus the best way to get to Fishermans Wharf and the Ferries to Alcatraz. You definitely need to book the Alcatraz trip in advance (via internet), but another great day out is to hire a bike from Blazing Saddles and bike the bridge to Sausalito. If you start out at 10am or so you can have a nice lunch in this charming sea front town before getting the ferry back to Pier 39. We had a great time in San Francisco, and the Renaissance Parc was an OK place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Upscaleduds
<Content>Very Nice Hotel - Good location We stayed here for a long weekend vacation in early Augsut 2005. Very nice location - we did the tourist thing and used entirely public transportation. We foudn the conceirge to be quite helpful in giving us suggestions about what to do and how to use public transportation to get there. Be warned: Alcotraz sells out at least a week in advance this time of year, so buy tickets online before you go. We LOVED the Ferry Bldg and highly recommend a picnic trip there.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JuicyCouture
<Content>Highly recommend the Parc 55 We stayed here for Fleet Week in October of 2004 and we've booked another stay for October 2005. The hotel room was extremely large for San Francisco and very clean. The bathroom was huge and had tons of space for my beauty products. The staff was friendly and they were always willing to help with any request we had. While we were there, there were protesters on the street below at one of the neighboring hotels. We were on a high floor but we could still hear them --regardless, it didn't bother us. Im originally from The City and Im used to some noise. You should know though, that if you stay at any downtown hotel, you should expect at least, a little bit of noise from outside. However, the hotel was quiet and we never even heard our neighbors. The hotel is located between the Union Square/Powell St. cable car line area and the Tenderloin Dist --stay on the Powell St. side! As far as getting to the cable car line, you can easily walk --it's about half a block away. However, if you walk down Market St, although the easiest, be prepared for the strong smell of urine and B.O. as the homeless sleep right in the area at night. I recommend going up to Ellis and walking down. It takes a few more minutes, but you don't have to deal with the horrid odor.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WorldTraveller84
<Content>Excellent Location Polite, helpful staff, 24 hour gym facilities, clean room which was well maintained by housekeeping.The best aspect of this hotel is the location which is right in the centre of all the shops with tram stations, taxis, busses and a large shopping centre etc right outside the hotel. There is also a huge cinema within a 5 minute walk from the hotel.The central location meant there were always people around, which meant no problems when walking back to the hotel late at night.Would recommend and would stay again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MomFromTheOC
<Content>An ideal 4 Star in the Union Square area In light of our steal of a deal via Priceline, I was not expecting much. I was extremely surprised that our room was not in the basement, not worn out or microscopic. In fact, we had a lovely spacious room on a high floor, two beds non-smoking as requested. Very clean and fresh -- a more than adequate 4 star hotel in a great location. Check-in was easy, friendly, efficient. Check out was the same. Absolutely a delight. The only negative is that the location is just on the fringe of a grungy part of town, but as long as you're not walking that direction (and I can't imagine why anyone *WOULD*), then it's not an issue.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stefiharr
<Content>Not amazing, but would still recommend Renaissance Hotels usually do a great job - but this hotel could use a little work. The location is GREAT! We were first-time S.F. visitors, so being so close to so much was a big plus. But, we had two problems when we checked in: (1) When we got to our room, ummm, it wasn't ready...thank goodness no one was actually IN the room. So, we went back downstairs to change rooms. (2) In our new room, we turned on the tv, and within 2 minutes, the tv shut off and started smoking. We had to then wait for a new tv to be put in. The hotel's asst. manager called to do the standard (but nice) apology. She asked if she could send something to us like a bottle of wine. She did (it was nothing too special and nothing accompanied it, like some fruit or cheese or something). We were paying only $142/night for our room, so you would have thought they would have comped a night, given a free breakfast or even moved us to a nicer room for the not 1, but 2, inconveniences. Oh well - the only reason it wasn't too big of a deal is b/c we didn't plan to be in the room much and we DID get such a great rate. So, the hotel is ok for a Renaissance (I've seen and stayed in much nicer, though). Would recommend it only b/c of the location and price...but the small, older rooms made us feel like we were in a NY hotel (which isn't a bad thing...just don't come expecting luxury or space). Also, for such a huge hotel, they only have one concierge on duty at a time...taking calls AND helping people in person. I felt rushed every time I had a question. I would highly recommend that they hire 2 at all times....but until they do...if you need help with restaurant or activity ideas, ask a friend who's been there.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>chiachiang
<Content>Best location The room is clean, nice beds but no fridge. Indeed, the hotel is a stone throw away from BART Powell station, so forget about taking expensive taxi from the airport. The cable car turnaround point and the F-line are also closeby for access to Fisherman wharf and Chinatown. Will definitely stay in here again.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Simply excellent! This has to be one of the best hotels to stay in for business or pleasure in San Francisco. The location is good, the rooms are extremely nice and well maintained (comparable to Omni International rooms), the rooms are surprisingly quiet - I expected to be bothered by the nearby cable cars, but it was not a problem - and the shower is powerful. Even when nearly full, the atmosphere is quiet and adult. Oh, yes, the beds are nice and comfortable with both small and large pillows to choose from. The rate was extremely reasonable for the quality. I could only find two things to quibble about. First, my room was humid and warm on a cold day - due to all of the sound deadening insulation and the solid windows - but that was fixed by using the air conditioner. Second, there is no coffee maker in the room, but on check-in I was told about the free morning brew on the second floor. There were muffins and fruit rolls for sale for only $2.00, much less than you would pay at a nearby Starbucks. Finally, with big hotels like this, using the valet parking is often a problem. It tends to take a lot of time and it can be difficult dealing with the parking staff. That was not the case here, the staff were very professional and swift. All in all, this hotel reminded me of what large-city Hyatts and Hiltons were like in the 1960s and 1970s. Congratulations to Marriott for getting it right!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Temporary
<Content>Lovely hotel, and oh-so-convenient location I had a short-notice business trip last we9ek and the conferen]ce hotel was full. I wanted a hotel within walking distance of the conference hotel, but expense was an issue as well. Luckily, Southwest Airlines (on which I traveled) allows one to book hotels on their web site as well, and this hotel came up with a reasonable price.It was a very nice room, everything in good shape. I was especially impressed with the temperature controls in the room, providing trouble-free adjustment from crisp cool to balmy heat within minutes. The city view out of one of my windows was very nice (although it would probably have been better if I were on a higher floor--I was on the eleventh)I had a couple of meals in the hotel bar, which has a good selection of beers as well as tasty, if a bit pricey, entrees (most start around $8-9). One night though they seemed a bit understaffed...The hotel is practically right on Market St and the Hallidie Plaza, steps away from just about any kind of transportation (taxis, BART, cable car, surface trolley, Muni Metro and buses) that one might want. Loads of shopping too, both on Market and a few blocks north to Union Square for the real high-end designer stuff. It does get a bit downmarket as you walk along Market toward 7th-8th Sts, though. Street life is the usual mix of suits, tourists, street merchants, panhandlers, performers and proselytizers, but its perfectly safe during the day, and just requires the usual big-city awareness after dark.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jlinder1
<Content>Acceptable accomodations in a great location After making reservations many months ago for very specific room requirements (we needed three no-smoking rooms, two that adjoined, another for a handicapped room) -- and having confirmed these reservations the day before arriving -- the hotel had no knowledge of the arrangements. After a lengthy delay at the front desk at check in, we had could not get the adjoining room for my children. The rooms were acceptable, nothing fancy but comfortable and clean and decently appointed. When we called for feather pillows we were told all the rooms had them. But ours didn't.r A note on the lobby: this is a oddly shaped place, fairly long and narrow, the front desk at the far end, and coldly decorated. The breakfasts that were included featured a good buffet that we thought met our needs. You could also order from a menu. Food isn't luxury, but was fairly decent. The real positive of the Renaissance Parc 55 is the location: right near the shopping along Market Street, a couple of blocks from Union Square (more higher-end shopping), and just a block or so from the first (or last) stop on the trolley. After the initial screw-up upon arrival, we thought this hotel was terrific for our family's needs.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Anniversary Getaway We stayed at the Renaissance Parc 55 during the 4th of July weekend, celebrating our 2nd wedding anniversary. We were very pleasantly surprised at the class of hotel and its great location, for the relatively low price I was able to secure online. For all of you that have girlfriends or wifes that love to shop, this hotel is very very centrally located in Union Square, near all the shopping that San Francisco offers. Just as a tip, ask for a high floor. Our room was on the 23rd floor and we had an awesome view of the city from our room. The hotel is also located right next to one of the BART stations (BART is the public train system in San Francisco). This made it extremely convenient traveling from the airport (we landed in Oakland). This option was significantly cheaper than hiring a taxi. We paid $3.15 per person for a BART ticket vs. $55 taxi fare.The rooms at the Renaissance were very clean and modern. The standard room was also well sized, especially for San Francisco. The bathroom was also very clean and good sized. If I had any complaints at all, it would only be the length of time it took them to respond to our request for more towels. Also, we had breakfast included in our rate, however, the order form was never brought to us after the first night. We had to call the front desk and have them deliver it to our room each night. Other than that, it was a great stay in centrally located area. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants all the hustle and bustle and shopping that San Francisco has to offer. Oh yea, we discovered on our last night that the restuarant, directly across the street from our hotel, was a great italian restaurant. Its called Puccini and Panetti. Very delicious food (you might want to make reservations- it was very packed when we went late at night).  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great time First time to San Francisco didn't know where to stay, but with help of trip advisor it worked out great. The Parc 55 was very nice, our room was of average size, clean (no bugs) and the location was great. However one to two blocks away from the hotel and the changes begin, bums, drunks, and ect. We really never felt that unsafe, I just never seen so much poverty. So be prepared to be sad and Realize how lucky you are. I'm so glad we rented a car and glad we paid the $38.00 to park at the hotel because the trolley was impossible to get on when you have 9 people in a group. So $38.00 a day all the in and out you want hey not to bad. The hotel was accomadating to our needs considering we had booked several rooms and wanted to stay close together it was no problem considering it was a holiday weekend and they were booked. For $120.00 a night it was a great place to stay in fact better than some of our $350.00 rooms we stay at.Alcatraz is a must to see, it was one of our favorite accractions. Though that could be the fact there was no Fog.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sweet 16th Stay We travel to San Francisco once or twice a year and want the best of everything. . We just came back from a five nighter and experienced another great stay. The nicely furnished room was clean, very bright and airy with plenty of room, and the king bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was furnished with extra large, fluffy thick towels that were very soft, not old and scratchy, a hair dryer, and Bath and Body products. This was a pleasant surprise and not the usual generic bathroom products. The hotel again provides a safe environment, decor, and the ambiance as well as the service were all perfect. If you are looking for a hotel which is conveniently located to Union Square, San Francisco Shopping Centre, Cable Car turnaround, BART or MUNI METRO Station, and/or SF MUNI, stay here. We will never stay any where else. The front desk and elevators are so close to the entrance that you can save your energy for the streets of San Francisco. Everyone on this hotel staff that we came in contact with was caring and helpful, appeared to take great pride in their work, and thanked us for staying at the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the location  Me and a friend of mine went on a girls weekend,and stayed here. The location was great and the Hotel was beautiful and quiet. The staff was excellent and very helpful too. We can not wait to go back and we diffinitly will stay here again. I have told everybody I know about this place, and hope if they go to San Francisco, they will stay here too! Thank you For the wonderful stay Renaissance : ) Cindee  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fishgod1010
<Content>Nice but pricey. We just spent a weekend here at this hotel (May 20 - 22) and it was great. I made the reservation last minute so I couldn't book it any less than what their website was advertizing (i.e. $269/night for a conceirge room which included a bit of free food, soft drinks, coffee, etc.). As others have stated here, the valet parking at $38 plus tax/day is steep. So, for a combined price of $300/night...it was certainly nice, but I was expecting that for the price.The location was excellent and it makes it almost impossible not to jump on a cable car (at or near the turn-a-round) which is a lot of fun. It costs only $3 each way to Fisherman's Wharf which is a good 15 min ride up and down the hills of SF through Nob Hill, North Beach and Chinatown. Great shopping nearby and a ton of places to eat. The homeless problem is getting worse in San Francisco, so I am not sure if you can avoid it at any place around Union Square. But, as the doorman suggested, don't wander to much around the back of the hotel (near The Tenderloin District). It's easy to avoid, but worth knowing it's there. But please, don't let that piece of information make you weary of the location. It simply exists. As in every large city I have visited.For the concierge level reservation, we were offered a room on the 29th floor (out of 32 total floors - I think) and we had a great, slightly wrap-around window view of the city and bay (by the way, the windows do not open - although there is a slight metal flap at the bottom of each which allows about 1-2 inches of fresh air to come in. There was a good selction of Cable TV channels (i.e. Free HBO/CNN/MSNBC/ESPN/ETC plus Pay-Movies) and the bathroom was large and spotless. There are two restaurants we ordered from in the hotel (Siam Thai) and a brew-pub (I can't recall the name). Both were decent and one was a lot cheaper (Siam Thai) if you took the elevator trip down to the 2nd floor yourself and picked up the food to go rather than ordering room service from the same restaurant (e.g. Thai Fried Rice was $5.95 to-go instead of the same rice dish would have been $13.95 plus tax/plus gartuity/plus room delievery fee of $3). So, for the 30 second elevator ride (as even on the 29th floor the lift seemed to instantly arrive each time), it was an obvious deal.If we could have gotten the hotel for around $150 - $200 night w/parking, I would have been blown-away. At $300/night, we just a had a very nice get-away.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The elegant Renaissance Park 55 The Renaissance Park 55 Hotel, exudes elegance, and charm in the heart of the city by the bay. In close proximity to all the shopping and nightlife as well as the best food in the world. The cable cars are as much fun as they are practical to ride and readily available. One does not need a car to see the sites in this city everythings right at your doorstep. The service and emenities were beyond excellent and the charm of the hotel lets you escape to another place when time stood still. The food in the hotel restaurant was the best I have ever had in a hotel and I have stayed in many hotels on business. When you stay at the Park 55 everything is first class all the way and you feel like royalty.  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel, In Great Location! We stayed at this hotel one night and it was very nice. Not excellent but in a great location. All the stores you want to shop at are in less than 100 feet, plus the trolley is right there and the train! Ask for a high floor! Valet Parking is a little on the high side for a hotel guest.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Dave0365
<Content>Great hotel in a great location My wife and I stayed at the Parc 55 for a convention. With this in mind, the hotel was perfectly located only a short walk to the Moscone Convention Centre - 800 metres, San Francisco Shopping Centre - 200 metres, cable car turnaround - 150 metres, Union Square shopping precinct - 400 metres. We had a couple of friends staying at the Crown Plaza at Union Square and a friend, on a much tighter budget, staying at The Powell just across the street. All were in agreement that The Parc had the best rooms and location.Another TripAdvisor member commented on the number of homeless that were in this district and that made them feel uncomfortable, but really there are no more here than anywhere else in the city. Yes they'll ask you for money, but they aren't going to hurt you. Give them change if you are so inclined, or just give them a smile.I found all the staff I had contact with to be friendly and polite and they provided whatever assistance that I required. I cannot comment on the restaurant/bar facilities as we didn't use them. I recommend cocktails on the 41st floor at the Marriott - great variety and a GREAT view. I also definitely recommend dinner and drinks at the Clift Hotel on Geary St (a few blocks walk away) - a great vibe and awesome food for quantity and quality.We felt quite safe walking around the area, however we were told not to venture down 6th St after dark. We spent a lot of time riding the cable car between Fishermans Wharf and our hotel, right up until midnight with no concerns at all. Cabs were convenient for where the cable cars didn't run and were inexpensive.During our stay, the hotel was full at all times, yet we had no problems getting in and out or getting access to one of the 8 lifts. We used room service once and the delivery was prompt but they messed up the order. After making a call, they replaced the incorrect meal equally promptly.I would recommend this hotel as a quality 4 star establishment and I would definitely consider staying again when in San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SugarWahine
<Content>Worked for me I was concerned after reading a few reviews here, but found this hotel just fine. Staff was gracious and very helpful - we had a problem with the key card and the door and they bent over backward to try and get it addressed/resolved. I'm a local and was there for tradeshow, so no, its not the Palomar, the W or some of the other boutique hotels in the area, but it was clean, rooms large enough to share and in a good location to get to the convention center easily enough.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lynvick56
<Content>Not Worth 4 Diamonds This large hotel, conveniently located in Union Square, wasn鈥檛 deserving of the AAA 4 diamond rating in my opinion. At least our room was not. It is located on the edge of the Tenderloin district鈥擲an Francisco鈥檚 adult entertainment section, so I felt as if I had to be somewhat careful at night. The area has a seedy feel鈥攍ots of homeless people sleeping on sidewalks and urinating in the street. Conversely, it is in a good spot for shopping, with Macy鈥檚, the Gap and many other chains within five minutes walking distance. It鈥檚 also a half a block from the cable turnaround and several bus lines.The attractive lobby is spacious with lots of seating areas. The front desk clerk was very friendly when we checked in. We asked for a smoking room, as high up as possible and she put us on the 15th floor 鈥搕he highest in the smoking section, so we had a good view of the city. The rooms themselves were not that big, but you find that a lot in large cities. We had two double beds, an armoire with 27-inch TV, and two comfortable overstuffed chairs, and an iron and ironing board. The bathrooms were small and nondescript, but they did have hair dryers, and provided shampoo, conditioner, moisturizer, a shower cap and shoe shine mitt (but no sewing kit). The conditioner and moisturizer, both from Bath and Body Works, looked identical and one morning I put the moisturizer in my hair instead of conditioner. I wish they would distinguish the bottles in some way or make their products in different colors!The bath mat looked as if it could use a good bleaching, with a brown something or other on it that made me uncomfortable enough that I never put it in the tub. Sometimes there were hairs on the bathroom floor that they never cleaned up when the housekeeping staff made up the room. The towels were fairly thick but not soft. The bed linens were nice but the beds were not triple sheeted. The comforters were thick and done in beautiful rust tones which matched the fabric on the chairs, and the windows were expansive offering a great view and pretty window treatments. The hotel is supposed to be known for outstanding service, but one morning when we asked the concierge to try to get us a reservation at Boulevard, a popular San Francisco restaurant, she laughed at us. She ended up getting the reservation, and called us on our cell phone to let us know, but we felt that was somewhat demeaning to have her laugh. She could have said, Well, Boulevard is a very trendy restaurant, but I'll try my best to get you in. It was in the middle of the week after all. Another time, a different concierge seemed less than enthusiastic when we asked for directions to a sports bar so we could watch Sunday morning football. There was a pad of area maps on his desk, but he merely motioned with his head when describing where this bar was. It's over on 4th Street he grumbled. And when we asked, Well, where is that? he hastily said, (nodding his head toward the map which we were trying to read) Where that grey area is. as if he was annoyed at us for not knowing the streets! A good concierge would have highlighted the area on the map for us and told us how to get there. The hotel does provide complimentary coffee and tea on the second floor, each morning. They also offer cereals, yogurts, fruit, and breakfast pastries for an additional charge.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel Great location, right next to the shopping. The rooms were nice and ready early for us to check into. Gal at the front desk was extremely friendly. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelindivaNYC
<Content>Great location, but BAD conceirge! I loved the location, right in the heart of Union Sq. The rooms were nice and surprisingly quite for in the heart of the city. The only problem we had was the conceirge. We asked for a recommendation of a sushi restaurant was close by. She said that the one close by only had reservations for 9PM, which was too late for us. So she suggested one a little further away (a taxi ride). So she tells us to meet her in the lobby at 6:45 to get the confirmation number to the restaurant and directions. We go downstairs to meet her and she is nowhere to be found. 5 minutes later she shows up, she was on her break (at 6:45PM on a Saturday night?!?!). So she gives us the info and we are off to the restaurant. So, then we get to the restaurant and it is literally the most outrageously expensive sushi I have ever laid eyes on (and I am from NYC). It was about 30 for some rolls. So ridiculous. So we left and jumped in a taxi and asked for a good sushi place and he literally brings us to a place ACROSS THE STREET from the hotel (which wasn't the place with the 9PM reservation). I was so annoyed. So that left a sour taste in my mouth but, all in all it wasn't a bad hotel, just a bad conceirge.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>650golfer
<Content>Great location, nice rooms Located a couple blocks from Union Sq and right next to great shopping the Parc 55 was perfect for us. After finding a great offer on Travelzoo my wife headed into the city for the evening. Friendly service and nice sized room made this a great find. Would definately go back.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mtb1234
<Content>Great place Great hotel. Clean rooms, comfy beds, great view - stayed on 15th floor. About a block to visitors center, cable cars, buses  trains. Taylor Street Coffee Shop is a couple of blocks away and is great for a wonderful breakfast.My only gripe about the city is the homeless.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Diamond has been found ... We were most fortunate to have found this diamond (Renaissance Parc 55) and have vacationed once or twice a year at this fine hotel since 1996. The staff has treated us like VIP's and made our stays very enjoyable and relaxing. We have had the luxury of experiencing the newly renovated elegant guest rooms with exceptionally comfortable beds, spacious bathrooms, continental breakfasts, and leisurely dining at The Veranda Restaurant. The hotel is very clean and secure, equipped with the most modern ammenities, and features a spa. But, most important is the care and warmth of the courteous staff. The location's great as the hotel is centrally located just steps away from the San Francisco Shopping Centre, Union Square Shops, BART Station, SF MUNI and MUNI Metro, and the Cable Car turnaround.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cubeless
<Content>Parc 55 is blah The Parc 55 dissappointed me. The location can be good or bad depending on what you're looking for. I personally don't like the Union Square area (too tourist and too many homeless), however it is right in the thick of things in the Union Sq area...so, personal preference on this one.Parking is $35 a day (which is normal for SF)...another posted mentioned they take care of the $35 fee....I must not have know the secret password to have this happen. In fact, I had a friend visit for about 4 hours one evening and they charged my room the full $35 charge.First night I arrived, I checked into my room (had requested a king/non smoking) and upon entering my room, it was a double bedded smoking room. I booked this room through my corporate travel agent (not a discount agent like Travelocity or Priceline). I called the manager on duty and explained that I had booked a non smoking, and told him I didn't care about the King bed, but I really wanted non-smoking. He explained that other guests had paid a premium to guarantee a non-smoking room and that he had nothing for me. Moving on. Went down to the lobby to get a dinner recommendation for a local restaurant a the Concierge. One problem, they were on break. Break? How does a Concierge take a break in a 1,000 room hotel at 8:00 pm? The rooms are equipped adequately. Decent beds. There is no scene or action in the lobby. You have to go up to the 2nd floor for a drink or for the lobby bar. They do have a pianist that plays, which was nice. The decor is very dated though. If you can get the room for under $100, it's worth it. I wouldn't stay here again for business, and certainly not for leisure.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! We enjoyed our overnight stay very much. Nice hotel, great view, turndown service - with chocolates :)They even take care of the $35 valet parking charge. We'd definately stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Boopsquared
<Content>Wonderful...in the middle of it all! My husband and I took our first trip to San Fran this last weekend. We'd go back to Parc 55 over and over. We got a special of $99 for Thanksgiving weekend and were given a corner room with three huge bay windows over looking the entire city, the bedspread was down, the room clean, and the hotel close to Macy's the Mall, and Union Square. We had the most wonderful time - better than I imagined! I'd highly recommend this hotel. If you want a great room request #1572!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Illinois_traveler22
<Content>ok, but wouldn't be my first choice Got this hotel for $70/night through Priceline, but if i were paying full price, i'm not sure I would pick this place. We were there during the hotel strike and it was incredibly noisy. The first night, we had a room on the 16th floor across from the Hilton and the picketers and street noise were terrible. The next night they moved us to a room on the 24th floor on the other side and it was much better. Like the windows, the walls are pretty thin. We were talking in our room one night and security came to ask us to keep our voices down. When the maid vaccuumed the room next door early the following morning, we could hear everything. It does border the tenderloin, so if you go two blocks in the wrong direction, there will be groups of homeless men hanging out on the street, although the area immediately surrounding the hotel is perfectly decent and i felt safe, as a single woman, walking alone at night. Parking in the lot on Mason across the street is only $20/day with in and out privileges. That having been said, service was good, amenities nice, lobby and breakfast areas well kept up, and free coffee and tea a nice touch  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nireno
<Content>great We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Our check in and check out was done so quickly, the room was nice with very comfortable beds and pillows. The view was great. This was my 4th trip to San Francisco and I will deffinitely stay at this place on my next visit to SF  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Hotel I've just returned from a wonderful trip to San Francisco (Oct7-11) and enjoyed my stay at the Parc 55. The rooms are large and even the bathroom was spacious. The bed was very comfortable, with a lovely comforter and lots of fluffy pillows - especially welcome after a 7 hour flight! We didn't see any homeless people in the immediate vicinity of the hotel - saw some on Powell, but no one bothered us. We didn't eat in the hotel, but there are lots of good places to eat close by (Puccini and Pinetti are right across the street, Daily Grill just a block away, Kuleto's on Powell about 2 blocks away). We did have coffee one morning on the 2nd floor lobby and you can buy fruit cups, yogurt, cold cereal there as well. I liked the fitness centre, although its a little crowded with equipment. There were 6 treadmills, 4 cross trainers, stationary bikes, free weights and a couple of machines. Everything worked and the room was clean and bright. The front desk staff were very helpful and our room on the 20th floor had a view of the bay and the Transamerica Pyramid. We didn't hear anything from the rooms on either side, but heard some noise from the street.It was a great holiday and the Parc 55 helped make it that way.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cocogrove25
<Content>Servicable Hotel with Priceline deal We were assigned this hotel via Priceline for $80. For that price we were happy with the hotel. It was basic and servicable. The room was newly redecorated and the windows did allow some fresh air which was necessary as no non-smoking rooms were available. I would not have been happy with it at rack rate but for the deal it was great.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location, staff, bed. Staff was genuinely friendly and quite knowledgeable. Location is perfect for downtown shopping types. Also, I felt the bed was particularly comfortable. Nothing else really stands out about this place: location while convenient is a tad on the sketchy-part-of-town side. Food is amazingly overpriced and not very good (If you stay here and like sushi, try Anzu across the street at Nikko, it was awesome.) This is not a luxury hotel. Not bad though if you use Marriott points to stay here for free!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Stay !!!!!! I spent weeks reviewing hotels and packages - I was very very impressed with the Renaissance Parc 55 when we stayed on Sept 24- 28 2004 - it had great location, wondeful staff and the most comfortable beds I think I have EVER slept in !!! Upon arrival I asked for a high floor with view and we had a great one assigned ... The room was very spacious and clean, and we enjoyed having the high speed internet access  which is 9.95 from 12noon - 12 noon, no matter what time you first log into it - which was a lil disappointing - however we logged in at 11:58pm and were only charged one 9.95 fee for our whole weekend - maybe becuase I complained about the rates, oor we just got lucky  The parking is a lil pricey at 35.00 a day pls 14% tax - all the hotels are like that - however there is a parking garage for 20.00 next door - we did not use our car once while there ... if you can take alternate transportation from airport to hotel .. do so .. cabs, the muni and trollys are way less expensive to get around and very easy from the hotel right outside the door  - we didnt take the bart but spoke to others who say its way easy too !!!!! We did need to order a cup of room service coffee one morning and that was pricey at 11.00 .. there is no a href=  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, but nothing special It's your basic corporate hotel; it is not a luxury hotel. However, there are luxurious touches; the bedspreads, linens, and pillows were nearly top-notch in comfort and quality. (The sheets had a high thread count.) The carpet was in excellent shape. The room actually was quite large; for San Francisco, that is a rare thing. The bathroom seemed a tad dated. All in all, the place was spotless. Common areas were in excellent condition. The marble lobby gives a patina of elegance, but, in fact, it really is your basic corporate hotel. Not as nice as the nearby Hotel Nikko, but then you'd pay more for the Hotel Nikko.I found it through Priceline after making a bid for $75 per night--an INCREDIBLE deal. (On Priceline, you make a bid for an area of the city--in this case, Union Square--but don't know where you'll actually be booked until after the binding reservation is made.) I don't believe the room is worth the advertised rack rate of $180/night--for that price, I'd rather stay at the Hotel Vintage Court or another boutique hotel. (My philosophy is that, unless it's a special occasion and really want to handpick your hotel, you can save a bundle by booking a room through priceline.com.)If there is a problem with the hotel, it is the immediate neighborhood. It's a little, but just a little creepy. Fact is, nearly every block around Union Square has a creepy feel to it.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not so good. More like a 3 star hotel - terrible beds, old bathrooms, broken safe, and worst of all - $40 a day for parking - stay away!!!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Above average I spent nearly a week in this hotel in August. It's well situated for the shops and the cable car. The rooms are large, clean, the usual standardised chain room. The bathroom was a bit disappointing, small bath, integral shower. No coffee maker in the room and no safe were other downsides.No breakfast included is a shame but free coffee was on offer - but from 4am to 10am, later start and later finish would be nice!The business centre had never heard of WiFi and I couldn't get a connection in the hotel despite it advertising beforehand that this was possible.Reception staff were very helpful, concierge more abrupt.Good for a business trip, for tourism I'd try somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RWlover
<Content>Loved Renaissance Parc 55 My two children (ages 10  11) and I stayed at this hotel between August 23-25, 2004. The hotel was excellent! The day conceirge, Rikky, was most helpful in giving us suggestions to explore San Francisco and it's environs. On the day we went up to Muir woods, I had rented a car (Hertz will deliver right to the hotel) and was quite nervous about the return Highway 1 trip, flush against the Pacific. She outlined an alternative route that took us deeper into Marin County, away from the cliffs and was absolutely beautiful. Every day as I chatted with her, she also spoke to my kids about the area as well. My only two travel advisories are 1) don't walk directly west of the hotel, as within a couple of blocks you are in Tenderloin (not a great neighborhood) and 2)make sure you ask for a room on a higher floor to escape the immediate street traffic. In many ways the hotel is well positioned, right across from the cabel car turn-around and from a BART station that will take you to the airport ($4.95, have exact amount). Overall I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PaHunter01
<Content>A Touch of Class My wife and I stayed 4 nights, the Hotel was excellent, close to cable car,supertour lines picked up at the hotel . We also rented a car at the hotel for one day and drove down US1 to Monterery , what a beautiful drive . Get the 3 day pass to ride cable cars , street cars and buses for $ 15.00 each . The Bart system dropped us off close to the hotel for $4.95 each from the airport.Excellent securty and staff. We picked this Hotel from reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, We will return , Thank you .  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Great Location. Nice clean hotel close to Cable car terminus. Very reasonably priced Thai restaurant on property.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mid_West_Traveler
<Content>A Very Good Hotel I stayed one night recently at the Renaissance Parc 55 hotel. The service was excellent. Staff was very pleasant and helpful even though this hotel is very busy and they are constantly being deluged with requests and questions. The room was very large, nicely decorated, very clean, and had great views of the city. I like smaller hotels, so I decided to change to the Stanford Court Renaissance on Nob Hill. This was a personal preference, however, and not a reflection on the hotel itself. The hotel is in a great location although some of the area is a little urban. However, this is a great hotel and you can usually get good bargain rates through Expedia or Priceline.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cruisingbug
<Content>Basic Corporate off Union Square After three days of being pampered at nice inns and bbs on the road, the Parc 55 Renaissance was slightly disappointing. As with any big-city, corporate hotel, the little things were missing or cost extra. No coffee maker in the room, no robes, no free continental breakfast, no pool, no free Internet. Local calls cost $1. There was free coffee/tea in the morning on the 2nd Floor. By the by, concierge was rude to us when we asked about airport transportation. :(This hotel sits right on the line of the Tenderloin. If you go out of the hotel one way (east), you will encounter panhandlers. But on the other side are some nice restaurants and the very short walk to Union Square. Easy to get to public transportation on Market St.The view from our 24th floor window was nice, although other buildings blocked out the Bay Bridge and other SF landmarks. The Parc 55 did have a sauna (seemed like no charge - didn't get a chance to try it) and fitness center. Nice Bath and Body Works brand toiletries. This hotel has Air Conditioning, which not many in SF have. We did use it the first day - it was about 70F outside but the sun was shining in (!!!!) and made our room quite warm during the day. Of course it cooled off at night.We got an excellent deal for this room, so I really shouldn't complain. $99 a night off the Internet for Union Square area of SF. When we called to confirm, they had us at a higher rate, though - we had the printouts to prove it, but they changed it on the phone with no problems.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Christelyn
<Content>Very Nice Hotel. Great Service! I ususally don't write reviews but I felt like this hotel was getting somewhat of a bad wrap. I stayed at at the Parc 55 for a family/business trip last week. I was a little scared when I bid through Priceline and got it, because I had read some not-so-flattering reviews here. But I was pleasantly surprised that, as soon as I walked through the door, a bellman was there to take my bags. They even changed my room when at first they stuck me on the fifth floor with a terrible view of the air conditioning. The views on the 21st floor were wonderful, and the location was great. Everyone was so attentive!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Book it through Priceline  The location is the best part. It is close to Union Square and walking distance from Chinatown. I booked this hotel through Priceline for about 75.00 a night, which is a steal for this hotel. The Expedia rate was over twice as much  I would have to say at that price it wouldn't be worth it. The lobby is nice  the rooms were clean. The parking was 30.00 per night  was not included in the internet price. There are a lot of great views from the guest rooms.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Samtroteur
<Content>Great hotel, and location, location, location! My friend and I have never been to San Fran. We picked the Renaissance Parc 55 via Expedia.ca and we were not disappointed at all... we loved the hotel, the services, and most of all its location. We had a corner room (with a lots of windows) on the 26th floor with an amazing view over the city (west side). The staff at the front desk at our arrival were very nice and tried to give us the best room available based on what we paid (deluxe with King bed). The hotel provided free coffee everyday on the second floor. Ok, it was not Starbucks, but still good!!! We had a fridge in the room, which we had to pay a bit extra ($25) for our stay. But God it was worth it...At the end of the day after walking all day, you need your cold beer to relax! The staff were very helpful, especially the front concierge where they can book tours for you. They were able to get us some tickets for Alcatraz. You can book tours at the front desk but there is a $5.00 fee; brochures can also be found at the desk where you can browse and select a tour yourself. Overall great location, great services, nice staff.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An average Renaissance The large 1980s marble lobby is probably the nicest part of this hotel. The 4 star rating should be 3.5. The room was large and clean with an ok bath (not luxurious by any means). We had a high floor so no city noise. Corridors are bright and newly carpeted. Our dealings with the hotel staff were minimal, so I cannot fairly comment on the service. Superb location near the Powell Street Cable Car, Nordstrom (and 2005 the new Bloomingdale's), Abercrombie, Gap, and two blocks away from Union Square with almost every luxury retailer you could want. BART within 30 yards and one block away is the Market Street trolly. However, San Francisco is loaded with beggers, panhandlers and homeless people. Interestingly, NONE of them are of Asain descent...ponder that. They seem to congregate near the subway area (big shock!) but are not aggressive. Not a plethora of restaurants near the hotel, and the doorman did advise (read: warn) us not to venture onto the streets toward the rear of the hotel. We took his advice and had a great safe trip. Fisherman's Wharf is little but T-shirt shops and mediocre tourist restaurants. Don't miss the cable car...even if there is a long line. One other item: The bus tours to the wine country are little more than sales pitches at the wineries to get you to buy their wines; highlight of that tour was 2 hours in the town of Sonoma.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Feel Neutral About Experience We knew little about the city before we went. We were concerned about some of the postings that rated hotel average---and homeless a problem. Here is what we learned:The hotel is average--not a four star---maybe a 3.5 star. Our room was good size, clean, well decorated, excellent water pressure, soaps and shampoo's. Hey the little thing's are important. The bed was average. Our room was on the 16th floor--the view was o.k.--but the street noise was bad(Cyril Magnin side). The maid's were attentive and friendly. That is more than what I can say for the front desk. When we checked in (as per other posting) we asked for room on 27th floor or above. We were told they were booked (hard to understand lady, she was curt and had bad accent) so we settled for 16th floor. When we got to room called down and asked if could be upgraded and told 50.00 extra a night. So what is the truth---are they booked or not. We rode down the elevator--couple who just checked in pushed button for 28th floor and we asked how they got that room? The told us they said they were on anniv. and they gave them upgrade. So we went down and asked again and were told best they could do was 26th floor--we said no thanks. Desk clerk's get below average rating.The hotel does not have pool, the resturants are average at best, no views or dining from the top floor, and the hotel location is average.The Homless report: The problem is mild. There are street people, it does mar the image, they do ask for money. The hotel is 1 block from market street station where they seem to hang out---not really a problem everywhere else. We were out late one night and walking around in that area they were more aggressive than in day.Reccomendations: Stay in a hotel that is on or very near Powell street (this is the cable car line).Buy a multi day Muni pass to ride buses and cable cars. Rent a car only the days you want to travel out of the city. Don't need or want a car for city. Hard to park and parking is expensive.Visit--Sausalito, take a bay cruise, visit Muir Woods and stinson beach. Take a drive down the coast to Monterray.Eat at Kuleto's ( on Powell) and Nonna Rose on Wharf. Lori's diner good for b-fast.Alot of walking--be prepared.Pick up a San Fran Bay City Guide--they are free and everywhere--they have excellent map's and map's that show hotel's.Dont buy the transit map-- a waste of money--it is impossible to read.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bar01
<Content>Pretty Good - For the Money We booked a four day/3 night package with airfare and hotel for about $980 on expedia. So maybe the room worked out to around $120 a night (pretty good!).We did not know anything about the hotels in SF. We used this site and people seemed to say some good things about Parc 55. I travel on Business and usually like to stay in Marriott鈥檚. This Hotel is owned by Marriott so that ment it would meet a minimum acceptable standard for me. Some general thoughts about the hotel.1) Star rating - the hotel is listed as a 4 star hotel. I think it is a little shy of that - maybe a 3.75 star. Only a little better than a standard Marriot.2) Room was good sized, clean, comfortable bed, and quiet.3) Staff - not too bad. Cleaning ladies came by often to see if room was cleaned. Concierge messed up and was supposed to have flowers in the room BEFORE we checked in - but came up afterwards. Food was okay.4) Views - ask for a room on the 12th floor or higher to get a decent view. They gave us a corner room on the 12th which was pretty good.5) Bums and Panhandlers - In general, SF has a lot of homeless people. Be prepared where ever you are walking around to be asked for money. They are not mean or aggressive - but they are every where - not just around this hotel.6) Location - right next to the Powell Street Bart station. Was able to save money and just take BART to hotel. Again - the Bart Station has alot of bums, but during the day there are plenty of regular folks too - so it was safe. Also this hotel is kind of on the edge of the Tenderloin district. Know where you are going when you head out for a walk - talk with the bellmen. However, you are right next to an upscale mall, and the cable cars, shops and resturants.Bottom line on this hotel? Good value for the money. Clean, comfortable, above average. Looking for something more upscale and willing to pay (double/triple) for it? Look to the Mandarin.Also let me share quick thoughts on SF in general.City is a little dirty - to much trash in the streets. To many bums. Commercial Architecture is a little boring.Restaurants - If you can afford $75 per person - try Aqua and Boulevard. They were FANTASTIC.Go on a NAPA valley wine tour. Bus will pick you up at Hotel. Loved it!Go on a bus tour to Muir Woods and Sausalito. We went to the Muir woods in the morning but they were only going to let us spend 30 min in Sausalito. Get off the bus in Sausalito and spend the afternoon there- take a ferry back to the pier warf.Skip Fisherman鈥檚 Warf for site seeing. Sausalito is MUCH better.One last thing - If you are looking for an alternative trip - instead of SF - come to Chicago ! You will LOVE IT!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Overall a very good hotel We stayed there while attending a convention at the nearby Moscone Center. Found it to be a great central location right off Market Street next to a BART station. Did all our sightseeing from there by foot, streetcar, and BART train.The room was attractive, done in red, gold, and dark wood--adequate in size and comfortable though not quite spacious. The bed, linens, blanket, and pillows were not of the best quality, should be upgraded. The view from our 25th-floor room through a large bay window facing east was very pleasant. Housekeeping did a superb job, keeping the room and bathroom spotless. Having no safe in the room was a hugh inconvenience especially since it usually took so long for a front desk agent to assist you at the boxes downstairs.The Renaissance Club Lounge on the 31st floor had a breathtaking view, and the complimentary breakfast was excellent. Most of the staff were very pleasant and helpful.Would we stay there again? Absolutely!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>summercruiser
<Content>Liked the Renaissance Location of the hotel is good--close to Union Square stores, cable car, art museum. Staff all very nice. We had 4 people in an executive suite and got free breakfast, appetizers and dessert in the club room. Ended up being less expensive than2 doubles. Doubles were fine and price good compared to other nearby hotels. Good fitness room.would recommend highly.+  
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Beardsh
<Content>One of the worst hotels If you're impressed by a large lobby but not a fat lot else then this is the hotel for you. I stayed here for one night only in April - thank God!The staff spoke very litte English and were frankly rude. After eventually checking in to our room, we were given a twin despite booking a double, we received numerous nuisance calls and staff were completely uninterested in dealing with these. The room was dirty, and small and not nicely decorated - litter under the bed, certainly not 4 or 5 star more like 3.We had a long list of issues which is not like me at all but too many to really go into now. It's not in the best area at all - right next to Tenderloin with numerous homeless hanging around nearby and right outside. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, not even enemies. This was my last day of a fantastic 30th birthday and if I'd stayed there for longer it would have completely spoilt my trip to the West coast - but as it was it was just laughable. Stay at the Palomar - cheaper and far nicer without all the fancy facade!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>New Orleans gal
<Content>55 Parc a Treat A great large scale hotel. The location is great and within easy walking distance of Union Square, China Town, Nob Hill and tons of shopping, restaurants and public transportation. We were on the 29th floor and had great views. All of the staff was attentive and very helpful. The room and bath were both lovely. Don't worry about the homeless in San Francisco, they are everywhere - the states problem - but noone bothers you and we felt safe both walking and taking public transportation.   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AdAgencyWoman
<Content>Loved it!! I absolutely loved this hotel. I was a bit concerned about the posts regarding the homeless but there are homeless throughout the city.I stayed in a suite on the 30th floor with absolutely wonderful views of the city. In addition, I had acess to the club upstairs for breakfast and desserts served after 7:30 PM. Just a wonderful experience. The staff was also very very nice.  
<Date>May 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Club Floors are Outstanding I just returned from a 5 night business trip at the Parc 55. I had read the postings on this cite and made sure to ask for a corner room. I was assigned a terrific corner room on the 29th floor with views that included part of the Golden Gate Bridge. This hotel is walking distance to both Union Square and Chinatown and has a very helpful staff. Some of the previous posts have warned about the homeless problem in the city. If you are uncomfortable around the homeless then you should not visit San Francisco!! This city has a very large homeless population and they can be found in many different areas throughout SF, not just near this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bearette
<Content>Absolutely Perfect The Renaissance Parc 55 surpassed all our expectations. I too searched the internet for just the right hotel in San Francisco. This was our first trip to the West Coast and we were treating ourselves, as it was our 30th anniversary. I got a great deal through the Marriott web site for the flight/hotel from the East Coast for 5 days and 4 nights for $1100 for two people. When we arrived we were given a room on the 9th floor looking over the roofs and air conditioners of nearby buildings, uk! It was an average room without frills. My husband went down to the desk and talked to a wonderful young lady who said no problem. We were immediately put on the 29th floor, it only has 32, with a beautiful view of the Bay. We also found out that any floor 27 and higher was the club floor with access to the club lounge. This gave us, at no extra cost, breakfast, afternoon hors d'oeuvres, and evening dessert, with cash bar during the late afternoon and evening. The privelages also included terry robes, turn down service, morning beverages delivered at your specified time and newspaper service, including a personal daily weather forecast card. The bellman, concierge, maid service was impecable. The young lady at the front desk made our trip unforgetable. Not even to mention how convenient the location is to every where you might want to go in the area.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>scasci
<Content>Great hotel, great location I did alot of research for a S.F. hotel and was not disappointed. The location is 1 block from Union Square (and some of the best shopping I've ever encountered!), steps from the tourist info. office and 1 block from the cable car. Within an easy walk are numerous tiny restaurants with fantastic food. The hotel is very clean and modern with great curb appeal i.e. you think wow this place looks really nice! It is 32 stories high with great views from the upper floors. Rooms are spacious with a sitting area by the window. The bed was comfortable and there were plenty of fluffy towels. I sure wish we'd been able to find the $50 deal - we paid $139.00, but I was able to get a good deal on worldweb as a $32 breakfast voucher was included for each day which was good on the buffet in the Veranda restaurant or room service. By the way, the hotel has a lovely lounge on the 2nd floor with internet access and continental breakfast available for those who want something lighter. You really can not go wrong with this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>this place was great! Flew up to San Fran for a weekend and stayed here.It was great!! Nice room, fantastic location (right near Union Square and start of cable car), great amenities (gym with sauna, restaurant, sports bar).There was no homeless problem at all here.Yeah you do see homeless in the city who are in any major city but they weren't around the hotel, which I should add is always bustling with cutomers, valets, tour people and other employees.The hotel rooms have amazing views, either of the bridge, the bay or the skyline.Also, the restaurant is very good and the employees are very helpful and friendly.They even have a great tour desk to book sightseeing tours, which will pick you up and drop you off right at the hotel!I got a great package deal online for this hotel and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leighpc
<Content>It was a Pleasure to Stay at this Hotel! I don't know what hotel some of the nay-sayers here stayed at, but it couldn't have been the Renaissance Parc. This is a fantastic hotel! The staff were friendly and the hotel is one of the cleanest I have ever seen. Yes, there are homeless people around, but that goes with visiting a big city. If your delicate sensibilities are bothered by the homeless, you should vacation in the Ozarks or Montana and not in a large city. We never felt threatened at all by the homeless we encountered. We gave out change here and there and were never really bothered by them. In fact, S.F. seems to have some charming homeless people. We even had a conversation with one homeless guy who was perfectly intelligent. (Don't be so snobbish, people!) While you are staying at the Renaissance Parc, I highly recommend the Thai restaurant on the second floor of the hotel and also Puccini and Pinetti's Italian Grill across the street. ENJOY! We will return to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Location and Staff! As with most Renaissance properties, the Parc 55 is nothing more than a fancy Marriott; but the super convenient location and superb staff make this a great hotel for tourists and business travelers!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Deal of the Century I booked the Renaissance Parc 55 in the Union Square area of San Francisco for three nights. My price was $50, so I was expecting to receive the smallest room on the lowest level on the hotel. When I arrived at the hotel, the registration staff were very nice and courteous. I simply mentioned if a high room were available and my husband and I were given a corner room on the 17th floor. The 180 degree views of the city from the floor to ceiling bay windows were dazzling! I was very, very impressed. For $50 a night, this was the deal of the century! Yes, parking at the hotel is $35, but on Mason St., just behind the hotel is a lot that will give you unlimited in and out for $20. It is also used as the longterm lot for the hotel. Homeless people are prevalent thoughout the city, but most seemed harmless and a few of the panhandlers offered a wealth of trivia about the city. Overall, it was an unforgettable visit!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>midorigal
<Content>Awesome Views and Great Location After reading some of the scathing reviews, I was apprenhensive about staying here. My boyfriend and I stayed over the weekend of Feb. 5-8. The location can't be beat! The cable car was just one street over and the San Francisco Shopping Centre was about a block away! We took the cable car to Fisherman's Wharf then the bus to North Beach. From there we walked to Chinatown and took Grant to walk back to the hotel. It was not far at all. The views were awesome! We were lucky to be on the 30th floor and could use the Club Lounge as well. My co-worker stayed there in Oct. and stayed on a lower floor and had a great experience. As for the homeless, I was thinking they'd be out in swarms the way some of the reviews ranted and raved about it. It is not that bad. There aren't many more in any other city. Walk past and don't make eye-contact. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not impressed at all. The location wasn't the finest. It was a short walk to union square. But don't walk the other direction. I suppose if you enjoy getting hit up by extremely aggressive homeless people, that's ok then. But it became a problem after a while.The breakfast is outrageously expensive and the rooms were small.One plus: a lot of Major League Baseball teams stay here. The night I was there, Sammy Sosa and the Cubs had a small crowd outside waiting for autographs.Get a priceline room somewhere else and save yourself some dough.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sallyhess
<Content>location, location, location Emerging out of the BART station this wonderful hotel is right there! Great location for shoppers tourist to ride cable car and any public transport We had a plush room on the 21st floor with a great view. The only draw back were no robes as the ad stated. We also had no coffee in the lobby as I have read about. The homeless do not bother you anymore than other cities and we walked down Market ST from the Ballet at night and felt like time square before the clean up. But felt very safe at the hotel and the service was excellent.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Parc was fabulous I stayed 5 nights at the Parc and loved it. The hotel is a mere 5-10 minute walk from SF Shopping Center, cable cars, and walking distance to Union Square. The room itself was spacious, clean and had all of the usual amenities, a king sized bed, high speed, tv, large bathroom, and a great view overlooking the city. If you stay on the 20th floor or greater, you will get some sort of view of the Golden Gate. The concierge was helpful, and the staff was nice. The cable cars are a 3-minute walk from the hotel, and will take you to the Wharf in 10 minutes. You have Nordstroms, Saks, Ross and all of the other popular and expensive shops within walking distance. The cable car will also take you to the top of Lombard Street, and within walking distance (a few minutes) to China town. The only downside to my stay was the homeless. They are everywhere. I never had a run in with any of them, and they do seem civil. Just ask the concierge which parts of town to stay away from. I know on at least one of my ventures (5 minutes west of the hotel), you could see crack dealers on the street.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Great hotel! My husband and I used to live in San Francisco so we knew exactly where we wanted to stay when we visited the city - right downtown next to the Muni  Bart stations. If you're used to traveling in cities then the area where the hotel is located won't be too urban for you, but if you're from the countryside and are scared of homleless and/our young people this isn't the location for you, or come to think of it, the city for you - I digress - our room was super clean, newly remodeled and wonderful with views of the city and the water - we couldn't have been happier - plus we were a short taxi ride or walk away from everything - the Mission, Soma, Chinatown - perfect!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What views We have been to SF many times and have never stayed at this hotel previously. Didn't know what to expect, but had the best view from our room ever. Nice touch to have free coffee in the lobby and so early. Fitness center is better then most and also free. Would make it my home away from home while in SF.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful and Outstanding I have stayed at the Parc 55 twice in the last year. You can not ask any more of the staff. They are outstanding! Forgot my razor, three delivered to my room within 10 minutes (at 5:30am!) The Concierge Lounge has phenomenal views of the city and the staff are incredible.In regards to everyone's comments about the homeless - LOOK AROUND! They are everywhere in San Fran!! Heck, the city pays them a monthly allowance.Every city has it's bad side of town. The Parc is located in Union Square and I've never felt unsafe walking to shops or dining at night. The Parc keeps the streets around their facility immaculate. I highly recommend the Parc 55 to everyone.Regards - John  
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable and good service My wife travels 20 weeks/year and stays in many hotels ranging from Best Western to Four Seasons. We found this hotel to be very comfortable, the room was large, the staff that we encountered were VERY friendly and helpful, and the area was NOT any worse than any other very large city. Yes there were homeless and the Tenderloin isn't far, but I felt no worse than I did in NYC or Phil or DC. Union Square is just as close as any bad area so it really isn't threatening. It's just a city, man.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location After reading the reviews posted here, and fully expecting some sort of difficulty, I went ahead and reserved a room. The rate from Marriott's web site was $95/night, plus the cost of parking ($35/day). For the level of service and quality of the room, this was outstanding. The hotel is across from the Powell Street BART station and the San Francisco visitors information store. Yes, there are homeless, but the area is busy with activity most of the day and was not a problem. It was disconcerting that San Francisco's finest were sparse, although that was true everywhere I went. My room had a very good view and was neat and clean with the usual Marriott style furnishings, including a settee and coffee table. Speaking of coffee, it's provided in the lobby, as there is no coffee maker in the room. Everyone, from the doorman to the housekeeper, was upbeat and professional.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Parc Renaissance We stayed at the Parc Renaissance for one night to celebrate my husband's birthday with dinner, a musical, and a hotel stay. I booked the room through the internet. We had a lovely, huge corner room on the sixth floor. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room rate included parking and breakfast. In walking through the corridors to the elevators, we did see standard room that were much smaller than ours. If you stay there, ask for a corner room or an upgrade. Be prepared for the number of homeless in the area. Walking back from the theater was unnerving even with other theater goers nearby. Lots of restaurants, art galleries, and shopping within a few blocks. Try the Grand Cafe for dinner and have a drink at the Farallon.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dstew
<Content>Both Great and Bad This hotel was beautiful with a great staff and great rooms. However, I would caution anyone with young children not to stay here. The location is right near the subway station and is swarming with homeless. Just cross the street and take a couple of steps and it is another world. If you are out late at night, take a taxi back. I was very upset and had a hard time explaing to my son why there were so many people living on the street and asking us for money. There were no police officers in site the 4 days we were there. I did not feel safe. However, once inside the hotel, I did. It is a great business location.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice Hotel, Perfect Location... We stayed hear back in July over the July 4th holiday. This hotel is in a very convenient location!! If you like shopping, which my wife does........then it's a nice location downtown, close to shopping, restaurants, etc... The parking at the hotel is a bit steep in price $35 a day, but there are plenty of parking facilities around the hotel who will let you pay and come and go as you please for like $18 per day. The rooms were pretty nice and the conceirge is excellent!! They're very nice and will answer any questions you have. I strongly suggest using their services. The only bad experiences we had were the delay in having someone come to open your safe deposit box. Unfortunately, you don't have them in your rooms. Also, there are homeless people living around the area, but they don't bother anyone, which wasn't a big deal to us. I don't think we'd stay here again, but not because we didn't like the hotel (which we did).......I think if we ever come back, we'll try the W Hotel in downtown. Heard it's very trendy and located right next door to the Art Museum.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a letdown! - Renaissance Parc 55 San Francisco After reading other reviews we had expected better from this hotel. Room decors are boring, to say the least, and furnishings are much like those you would find in a highway motel. It is located next to a rough part of town. Parking was expensive at $35 per night (2003). Next time we will look for better value. This hotel just doesn't cut it!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst hotel in SF This hotel is terrible. the location is bad, the staff is disagreeable. the rooms are dark and small. I also stayed at the Stanford Court in Nob Hill, which is an excellent hotel. do yourself a favor and go to the Stanford.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel My husband, brother, sister-in-law and nephew stayed at the parc 55 for a week and had a great stay. We booked the hotel through Expedia and had a problem free trip. The hotel staff was very pleasant and helpful. One night we got carry out and the resturant did not give us silverware and room service sent some up to our room right away. The housekeeping staff was especaily friendly. Really everyone from the bellhops to the front desk were great. Also the view could not be beat. We were on the 23rd floor and could see the whole city. Location could be kind of scary but lots and lots of shopping. It was right in the middle of all the shops so we could drop our bags off and not have to go very far. The only thing I would change is that they did not have coffee makers in the room. Overall a very pleasant stay and I would highly reccommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expected the Worst, Was Pleasantly Surprised After reading the horrible reviews, this was the one hotel I was trying to avoid. When I found out that our bid on Priceline was accepted and that it was for the Renaissance Parc 55 I cried (no joke). Based on the other reviews, I had visions of homeless people traveling in packs and surrounding the hotel. I pictured dirty and small rooms in a rundown hotel.Maybe it was because I was expecting the worst, I was pleasantly surprised. All of the rooms in the hotel have been recently renovated. Our room was spacious and nicely decorated (looked brand new). It was extremely clean and we had a beautiful view of the city. There was also good water pressure in the shower (something you can't find in the newer hotels). The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly.After speaking with some of the locals, I knew to stay only to the east side of the hotel. (Supposedly the southwest side is the really bad part of town.) I think if you didn't know this beforehand, you could wander off into the bad part of the city and this could really impact your opinion of the location. This hotel is only 3 blocks from Union Square. There are tons of shops and restaurants within walking distance.Let me just say that I'm very picky about where I stay. We usually stay at Starwood properties or at the Four Seasons. This was my first time using Priceline. This hotel was very nice. I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and family.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hell My husband and I eagerly anticipated our trip to San Francisco. Although we certainly paid a fair share (even though we booked it through Priceline) we had a HORRIBLE experience. We were not aware that this hotel is located minutes from the Tenderloin district, which apparently is one of the most dangerous areas of SF. Unfortunately we became aware of AFTER we arrived. The area is FILLED with homeless people and drug dealers, we were afraid to leave the room after 9 pm, and we're from NYC! The hotel itself was decent (except for the fact that the walls are VERY thin), the staff was very nice, but the area was VERY SEEDY...don't make the same mistake we made, do not stay in this neighborhood!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, BAD LOCATION   showReview(1274949, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ideal Big Chain Hotel   showReview(1273204, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay   showReview(1269807, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again!   showReview(1261033, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location   showReview(1208766, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SMFguy
<Content>Great convention hotel   showReview(1149428, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2003
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>DGR1968
<Content>Terrific Stay   showReview(1091519, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great hotel   showReview(1077662, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location in San Francisco   showReview(838749, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay at Parc 55   showReview(717141, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tokki75
<Content>Lage des Hotels super, Zimmer ok, sehr gro脽 und sauber   showReview(21150749, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer gerne wieder   showReview(20549880, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Renovierung 眉berf盲llig   showReview(20549879, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>id茅al pour visiter san Francisco   showReview(20549881, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel tr猫s bien plac茅 au centre de San Francisco   showReview(20549878, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>xulovalencia
<Content>Superc茅ntrico y c贸modo hotel   showReview(19604851, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo e posizione centralissima   showReview(20549882, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo   showReview(19632222, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bon hotel de luxe   showReview(19632221, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo ci tornerei   showReview(19632219, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bel hotel - tr猫s bien situ茅 - commodit茅s 脿 proximit茅   showReview(19632218, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>h么tel excellemment situ茅 , Prendre le petit d茅jeuner inclus   showReview(19632217, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel vicino a Union Square   showReview(19632216, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ci tornerei   showReview(19632215, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage, gute Zimmer = value for money   showReview(19632213, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>銈傘亱銇枫倞銈?> 銈傘亱銇枫倞銈?</a> </div>
<Content>銇俱仧娉娿伨銈娿仧銇勩儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(19338602, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien plac茅   showReview(19632210, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>"Assolutamente da scegliere"   showReview(19632207, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien, mais...   showReview(19632206, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel tres confortable en centre ville pour pas trop cher   showReview(19632208, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s satisfait   showReview(18523509, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder!!!   showReview(18523507, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(18523510, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sururi
<Content>Meraviglia delle meraviglie!!!       camera standard angolare  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Wahl !   showReview(17428522, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Spitzenhotel in grossartiger Lage   showReview(17428516, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涔呫仐銇躲倞銇偟銉炽儠銉┿兂銈枫偣銈炽仺銉戙兗銈?5   showReview(19172096, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濂虫€уソ銇裤伄銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19172029, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage in SF   showReview(17428515, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(17428517, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>1浜恒仹銇儮銉冦偪銈ゃ儕銈?#x201d;   showReview(19171896, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super Hotel in super zentraler Lage   showReview(17428513, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Internetprobleme   showReview(17428512, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo hotel nel centro citt脿   showReview(17428514, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswert   showReview(16585473, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>corentin
<Content>Moyen   showReview(16173721, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournerons   showReview(16585472, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(16585471, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Prestations de haute qualit茅 et vue imprenable en chambre club   showReview(16585470, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15561928, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent rapport qualit茅 prix et emplacement parfait !   showReview(15561927, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tolle lage zum erkunden der stadt   showReview(15561926, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super gelegen   showReview(15561924, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentral und verkehrsg眉nstig gelegenes Hotel   showReview(15561925, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel mitten in der Stadt   showReview(14726741, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent s茅jour dans cet h么tel   showReview(14726740, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un h么tel tr猫s bien pour un s茅jour en amoureux   showReview(14726735, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ideale Lage - so mit das Beste in SFO   showReview(13974739, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel presque luxueux, avec belle vue et id茅alement plac茅   showReview(13974734, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gut   showReview(13974733, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The best of the best al prezzo 10 volte inferiore   showReview(13191172, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retourne sans h茅siter   showReview(13191171, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Da provare   showReview(13191173, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>BUON HOTEL IN POSIZIONE CENTRALE   showReview(13191164, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(13191166, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>le meilleur emplacement 脿 san francisco   showReview(13191163, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel!   showReview(11300828, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien, vue imprenable sur S.F   showReview(11657664, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bestimmt wieder   showReview(11657669, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>broncojoa
<Content>Perfekte Ausgangsbasis f眉r San Francisco       Parc 55 von der Market Street  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Entscheidung- gern wieder   showReview(11300826, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Idealer Standort f眉r ein tolles Hotel   showReview(11657666, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Kann man weiter empfehlen.   showReview(11657667, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Klasse Lage, super Service, rundum zufrieden   showReview(11657665, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s correct   showReview(11657660, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Davvero ottimo   showReview(11657662, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel da consigliare ad un amico   showReview(11657659, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel tr猫s agr茅able et bien sutu茅- grand standing!!!   showReview(11300827, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Alles bestens - empfehlenswert   showReview(11657668, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione centrale   showReview(11657661, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jmvoisine
<Content>Excellent emplacement   showReview(8503098, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel   showReview(11437516, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mitten in Downtown   showReview(11437514, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11437513, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bonne adresse   showReview(11437517, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉兗銉嬨兂銈般€€銉撱儱銉冦儠銈?#x201d;   showReview(19162709, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel molto confortevole   showReview(11437512, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel en chambre Club   showReview(11437515, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione ottima e centralissima   showReview(11418006, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super lage   showReview(11418005, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Emplacement ideal pour visiter le centre ville de San Francisco en transport commun.   showReview(11418004, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr angenehmes Hotel   showReview(11418002, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Du luxe pas cher en centre ville de san francisco   showReview(11402295, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent   showReview(11402294, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superbe H么tel, allez y   showReview(11402293, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un bon hotel   showReview(11402292, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aiaiai7868
<Content>Top-Hotel in dieser Preisklasse in SFO   showReview(7284864, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ainiloban
<Content>Fant谩stico!!   showReview(7202672, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>sausalit0
<Content>Buen hotel y muy bien situado       Room 3209  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绉併伅澶уソ銇嶃仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19157404, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇娿仚銇欍倎銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19157232, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闆昏┍浠ｃ伅楂樸亜   showReview(19155629, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜ら€氳嚦渚?#x201d;   showReview(19154855, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌烘腐闁撱倰锛筹鸡锛偍銈儩...   showReview(19917824, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

