<Author>Nana_Yaw
<Content>Cool hotel. Good location. Nice boutique hotel. Cool artwork; nice touch. My girlfriend and I had a great time on a weekend away for my birthday. Handy for some of the major tourist attractions sites and a hop-skip and a jump from the subway so despite being quite a jaunt from 1 Arr. we were very close time-wise.Cost: Not extortionate in a major city. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MJH1
<Content>Very good       Breakfast  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>gettingaround
<Content>overpriced, undercleaned aesthetically the hotel is ok and it is in quite a pleasant part of Paris but it was grubby - from the first impression, a dirty lilac doormat - with a not clean whiff in the lobby and also quite noisy with guests knocking on the wrong (my) door through the night and brazen about the disturbance. The bedding and curtains were clean but the bathroom less so. Furnishings like the door displayed the organic trace of previous occupants. The lavatory had not been properly cleaned for some considerable time and the tiles by the shower were grubby, with engrained mould in the grouting. The tiles on the walls were also not clean.Happily, opposite the hotel is a supermarket which sells bleach and other cleaning materials. The bathroom was not quite as daunting or whiffy after a bottle of bleach down the loo...Some hotels supply slippers and in others one leaves slippers that have become dirty. This definitely fell into the latter category: I simply do not understand the rave reviews others have given and did not feel able to risk the breakfast.I also do not agree that the staff were good.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	2	-1	-1	

<Author>anniep_italy
<Content>terrific! excellent One of the best hotel I've ever seen!The personnel was great, I was a single traveller and they treated me as one of them! They were so friendly and very very kind!The room was big and super clean!TERRIFIC!WONDERFUL STAY!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Stroober
<Content>Great Hotel and Great Staff This Hotel is near the Eiffel tower but away from the tourist throngs.The staff were very friendly and helpful.would definately recommend.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MandMUk
<Content>Great views, Perfect location, would definately go back We stayed at Le Walt for 3 nights in July for a long weekend, travelling via the Eurostar from London. We were slightly nervous about the standard of the hotel having heard some stories about Paris hotels being expensive yet a bit on the shabby side. Le Walt was neither of these, it was a small boutique hotel in an ideal location on the Left bank. We took the Metro from Gare du Nord - 1.5 euros each and the station (Ecole Militaire) is right outside the hotel. Our room was at the top with a great view of the E.Tower. It was on the small side, but very cosy. If you don't mind walking, you can walk to all the major sites from the hotel. There are restaurants/cafe's nearby, especially along Rue de Cler. There was an especially nice Italian restaurant just along from the hotel (come out of hotel and turn right) which although was a bit on the expensive side, served great food and good wine (拢100 for 2 courses + bottle of wine) We would definately recommend to any of our friends and family looking for a weekend in Paris.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>asitwasCumbria
<Content>Would stay again This hotel was just as it looked on the website. Clean, quiet, modern, comfortable, stylish, friendly, great location. The buffet breakfast was very good, lovely fresh food, but a bit pricey. We economised and went to nearby cafes where you could get hot drink, croissant and juice for 5 Euros 50. Close proximity to Eiffel Tower. Don't miss seeing it all lit up 11pm with bright sparkly lights - magical. Lights continue for 10 minutes. Visited Louvre (make sure you select at the start the bits you want to see - it's immense), various smaller galleries and museums and Versailles. Versailles was our only disappointment - don't even attempt it at weekends in the summer - hordes of people, queuing for everything - loo queue 20+ mins, hard to see anything in the rooms as so crowded you can have 6 people standing in front of you all the time. Eating out - cafe next to the hotel was really good and very convenient. We'd definitely consider staying here again - loved it.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LanierPrincess
<Content>Small Boutique Hotel Small boutique hotel within walking distance of the Eiffel Tower and Rodin Musueum and Hotel des Invalides. Rooms are small but very nicely decorated with local artists creating all the paintings in the room and lobby. Bathrooms were spacious, small breakfast area and outdoor area to have breakfast or afternoon drinks. Excellant resturants within walking distance to the hotel. Great bakery two doors down for morning pastries or to grab a sandwich for the day. The Conceirges were very friendly and helpful with resturant suggestions and tourist attractions.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DAD/BOB
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Le Walt We recently had the pleasure of again staying at the Hotel Le Walt in the 7th arrondissement in Paris. We have been there 4 times since 2004, and we have had an excellent experience every time. The hotel building was newly constructed in 2001 so it has modern safety features, good plumbing and wiring, and air conditioning. It is a 4 star hotel that specializes in taking care of English language visitors. All the staff speak good English. The rooms are lovely and are appointed with all the conveniences including a DVD player and internet connection. Some rooms have a view of the Eiffel tower and a small balcony. The hotel serves an excellent breakfast and has a full bar service. The decorations are charming, modern, and inviting. The location is superb -- the hotel is next to a metro stop, there are many restaurants near by, a supermarket and post office are across the street, and the famous rue Cler is 1 block away. The rue Cler is the archetype of the quaint shopping and eating street in Paris. The best part of the hotel is the staff. They are all competent, attentive, and kind.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wandertwins
<Content>Hidden Gem       beautiful, peaceful patio  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Mogo5
<Content>Very Nice but Expensive Hotel is just beautiful all around but very expensive. It is in area 7 which makes it's location to everything excellent. The metro is just infront and very easy to use once you get the hang of it.Staff were nice and room was spotless everytime you came back to it. The toiliteries were also very nice.I booked through hotels.com and paid about $280 CDN/night - the hotel was advertising direct at 295Euros.There is a nice Boulanger Pattiser about 5 doors over with excellent and well priced bagettes and pastries but the service people in there are fairly rude, but we grabbed lunch there everyday anyways.Would stay again if my wallet allows - no complaints at all.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>nancenannoo
<Content>Le Walt Awesome My family and I were very impressed with Le Walt. The moment we walked into the hotel everyone was friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean and roomy. The bathroom is especially nice. The hotel is right by a metro which made sightseeing easy.I would stay here everytime I visit Paris.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>naaman60
<Content>Nice Place, Pity about the Air Conditioning Really great location, on top of the metro station, short walk to rue Cler, etc. Our discount rate room was nice with big windows, plenty of space, storage, desk and outlets for charging everything. Bathroom was plenty big as well and beautifully clean.The problems weren't huge but they were sufficiently annoying that I'd think twice about staying here again. First, the A/C controls don't work. We were very kindly given a demonstration of how to work the controls but the room did not cool down if we left the windows shut. We spoke to the front desk several times about this but the situation was never resolved. Also, housekeeping were stingy when it came to soap, shampoo etc. For a four star hotel and for the rate we paid, I shouldn't have to make a note to myself to ask for more soap and shampoo after the second day of a four day stay.For what we paid, we could do better in terms of service. Not sure if we could do better in terms of location. I hope this place improves, it has a lot going for it!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>Lawyergirl25
<Content>Nice Hotel and Great Location We stayed in this hotel over the Easter break for 2 nights. We booked late on Expedia so we paid more then what we maybe should have, but this hotel was coming out cheaper then some of the other offerings on Expedia.Location wise, this hotel is great. Directly next to metro station Ecole Militarie and just around the corner from Eiffel Tower. A walk to the Louvre and down the Seine took about 20 mins. The hotel definately very central without being right in the heart of the tourist places. Certainely the local bars and restaurants did not appear to be the tourist traps warned off. Some good restaurants near by as well as a supermarket over the way and a pattisiere a few doors down. We ate locally both nights and were very pleased. The restaurant directly next to the hotel (sorry name escapes me) served a great steak for 15Euro. We had a standard room overlooking the street. Yes it was a little noisy but it is a main road and the noise was not a problem for us. The bathroom was well appointed and the bed extremely comfortable. The room also had a flat screen TV and DVD player. Room very clean and comfortable.Hotel staff very friendly and polite and spoke good english. Check-in was not until 3pm but we arrived just after 1pm and shown straight to our room. Only negative comment would be was that the room was a little cold and took a good hour for the heating to get going though it was freezing outside. Also we really missed not having a hospitality tray. I don't know if this is the norm in Paris but a kettle and some tea/coffee would have been really appreciated and would be welcomed by other guests as well I'm sure.Overall, I would stay at this hotel again and would advise others as well. It's a good place.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>curehead
<Content>Good overall but also pricey for what you got! Chose this hotel because it looked decent and a bit more contemporary than some other 4-5 star hotels that appear to sometimes be quite dated, even if clean. Everything was good in terms of cleanliness and prompt service etc. We got one of the rooms on the top floor (601) with a nice view of the Eiffel tower. The room was not that big but ok for our needs and bathroom was relatively clean. The only downside was really that it felt a bit as if one was only paying for the decor. I mean, one small soap for two people is a bit tight and even more so if it is not replaced with a new one after the first day. Same for shower gel. I mean it does not cost much, and i appreciate hotels trying to avoid customers just bagging them every day but you should expect one soap per person at this room price. That was the only downside and it would have been nice to have breakfast included at this room price too although it was clear before that it wasn't and that it is pretty standard to have a room without breakfast. However I stayed at other hotels that are much better in terms of price for money, but in other cities, Lisbon, Brussels etc. Paris seems a bit more expensive. If that is acceptable to you, go ahead and book this one, as it is a nice small smart boutique hotel that your significant other should enjoy as well.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>benjonesOxford
<Content>Nice location, brilliant hotel! We visited recently with our friends for a long weekend and thought the whole place was wonderful. The service was exceptional being friendly and fast but not at all intrusive. The hotel arranged flowers and champagne in our room prior to arrival and the bar, although small was very cosy and pleasant. The position was perfect with good restaurants close and the Eifel tower within an easy walk. A definite recommendation.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NebbyLondon
<Content>Top Marks We stayed at Le Walt over the New Year period and were very pleased with our choice. Great location, easily accessaible to all of the major atractons via quick links on the Metro which is directly outside of the hotel. Rooms are spacious, well maintained with great bathroom amenities- L'occitane. Staff are attentive yet never intrusive, the whole experiance was quite peaceful and calm, we got the impression that we were the only guests in the hotel however we know this was not the case as the hotel was fully booked, service just happened effortlessly. If you are looking for a hotel that is small and intimate but also checks all the other boxes such as - standard of room - location etc, then this hotel is ideal.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2cents2travel
<Content>Great Location! This was my first trip to Paris and it will not be my last! When I do return, I will again stay at the Hotel Le Walt. Located in the 11th and across the street from the Metro (and the Eiffel Tower I might add!) it was a great place to center my stay in Paris. Such an easy trip by train from the airport, and within walking, Metro, or bus distance of everything. On top of that, the staff were very helpful and friendly, and the rooms (while not huge) , were very comfortable and clean. The bathroom was spotless, modern, and decorated in Tiffany blue and white.While they do serve a breakfast, it appeared a bit pricey for what it was. I instead ate at the cafes and boulangeries on Rue Cler (a market street with wonderful cafes, shops, etc.) right next to the hotel. Also very convenient to have a Super Marche across the street to avoid the 10 Euro bottle of water from the mini-bar!Can't forget to mention our beautiful view of the top of the Eiffel Tower from our room through the 'Peter Pan floor to ceiling windows.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>marie6613
<Content>sooo cute!       deluxe room  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tayl9512
<Content>A gem We recently stayed in Paris on either side of a trip to Provence. We stayed at the Le Walt first and another hotel in the Latin Quarter on the return. The LeWalt was truly a wonderful experience in every way. We arrived the day of a taxi strike and had to walk from Les Invalides entrace about 4 blocks to the hotel with our luggage in tow. At that point, we were about ready to drop, especially after the transatlantic fllight. The woman at the desk was wonderful. Just a charming person, very polite. Offered us a beverage, had our room ready and offered help with our luggage.The room was perfect. I had requested a nice room because it was a special event and was not disappointed. We had a view of the Eiffel Tower and the tree-lined streets around the hotel. The room was spotless, the bathroom beautiful and large by Paris standards. The bed was large and extremely comfortable. We had breakfast in the hotel every day, although it would have been easy to go a block and eat at any of the cafe's on Rue Cler and had a great meal. The proximity to the metro (right across the street) and many attractions and restaurants can't be beat.More than anything, though, the staff was extremely knowledgeable and helpful. Charlotte, who helped us a lot, was great. She made dinner reservations for us at several wonderful little places not in the guide books. She helped book a tour for us. Called a cab when we needed one and loan us umbrellas when it rained.I would stay here again any time.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>quarterlytraveller
<Content>Noisy if on lower levels We paid for a deluxe room but all rooms are deluxe to my knowledge. The other superior (cheaper) room is in the outside courtyard and is quite dark. Staff were totally policy driven. We couldn't sleep due to noise from down stairs and on complaining they lied by saying they had no other rooms left then eventually that we could move higher but would need to pay more. Our room looked like a disabled room with chips in the plaster. Staff chant bonjour with the most insincere smile you could imagine and were quite patronising. Our only experience with this attitude in Paris was unfortunately from this hotel. On the positive- the location was great. Recommend dont getting a cheap deal over the net as they will make you feel like you are not worthy of being there. All staff are very young and obviously inexperienced.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>1	3	3	4	2	1	1	3	

<Author>baumbros
<Content>Le Walt Review We stayed at Le Walt, Paris from Oct 4 to Oct 10, 2007.Room was nice, yet small which is typical for Paris. Room was clean.Bathroom was modern. Bed waqs comfortable. Only issue with the room was that the AC did not work well. Our room looked liked the pictureson this website. Smaal hotel with small staff. Helpfulness of the staff varied by staff person. Some good, others provided bad information.Location of the hotel is good. The metro is right out the front door.Close to Eiffel Tower and Hotel Invalides. Not impressed with restaurants near hotel. Expensive protperty for what you get.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>GTX
<Content>Great Hotel Hotel Le Walt is a brilliant little boutique hotel in a very convenient location (right next to the metro). The rooms were small (expected) and well fitted out. I think it has been recently refurbished. The bathroom was modern and very clean. We had an attic room which was really nice. The room was front facing and you could see the Eiffel Tour in the background.The reception/breakfast room was decorated in a very modern style and the staff were helpful and approachable. The buffet breakfast, however, was poor. A few dry pastries, slice of ham etc. We didn't mind as we ate out anyway!A good restaurant is Georges. It is a contemporary and trendy French/Asian fusion restaurant located on the top floor of the Centre Georges Pompidou (shopping centre). It is outside, so if the weather is unreliable then take/ wear something warm! It's worth a vist as the view of Paris is great.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Danielle055
<Content>Wonderful le Walt Wonderfull little hotel. Impeccably clean! Comfortable big beds; accommodating and pleasant staff.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BijouxButtercup
<Content>A Good Option for the 7th I stayed at the Le Walt in mid July this summer. The staff was very helpful and accomodated all of our requests. The hotel itself has small rooms like many in Paris. Sound carries in the small hallways. I was awoken by other guests who were loud and partying at 2:00 a.m not once but several times as the door to the stairs kept opening and closing.The breakfast is very good and the coffee is excellent. They used to have a restaurant for dinner but no longer. As for location, in the 7th it's hard to beat. The Ecole Militaire Metro stop is right out of the front door. Ask for a courtyard room. Rooms on busy Le Motte Piquet may have late night street noise from the bar next door.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Poelse
<Content>Just ok for a honeymoon We stayed here on our honeymoon in May and had in our booking stated, that it was in fact - a honeymoon. When we arrived, there was no bottle of anything to congratulate us, no greetings, no nothing. Well, ok, that was our problem, and since the supermarkets are only on the other side of the road, we managed to pamper ourselves nicely.I had specified in my booking, that we wanted a room with a view of the Eiffel Tower which we got. But since another guest had booked the same room in advance, we had to move from that room to another facing the backyard. And after one night, we moved back again, since the room with a view was in fact what we wanted. And all in all we had a nice stay, but the staff seemed to be annoyed with us and on the brink of telling us off. We are reasonable people and gladly carried our suitcases from room to room - and left everything as tidy as we could, when we changed rooms. Therefore: If you want a honeymoon in a romantic setting with nice people treating you as you are actually on the best holiday of your life - then don't stay here.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>The_Santa_Maria
<Content>Very good place to stay We stayed here for a week in february, 2007 and loved the place. we did not have any complaints. here are some random things.- The hotel staff were very friendly. They spoke good english and were very helpful in giving directions, making reservations and with any requests we had. - The room we stayed in was very clean and was decorated well. About size - well, it is Europe. - When making a reservation online, pay attention to the currency in which the price is quoted. Mostly it will be Euros, but sometimes it is also charged in GBP. It happened to us.- There are about 3-4 breakfast places very close outside the hotel. The breakfast in the hotel itself is a bit pricey. But you get more food.- There is not much to do around the hotel itself at nights, other than a very pleasant walk by the Eiffel tower. May be next time we might stay closer to Notre Dame on the other side of the river. But it is quite at nights.- There is a super market right across the road for water, beer etc. - Note that there is a good view of the Eiffel tower from the 5th or the 6th floor rooms. But they are all smoking rooms. They do not have any non-smoking rooms in their top floor. That was quite strange. The view from our room was of the street, which was interesting as well.- There are some good restaurants next to the hotel. Not very expensive and good food. There is one special restaurant next to this hotel - Le Florimond. It is on the right when you exit the hotel. It is very small and mostly caters local crowd. You definitely need reservations for this place, which the hotel can help with. Only the manager spoke english. But he was patient and translated the full menu. The dish with duck was awesome.- We stayed in the second floor (or Ground + 1). We could feel a slight rumble from the subway beneath the hotel early in the night. But it was not loud enough to disturb our sleep.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Caribbeancovergirl
<Content>Lovely place to stay. Great location, next to metro, restaurants,supermarket, Eiffel tower, Seine river (for boat trips). Other attractions easy to reach by metro or taxi.Very clean, comfortable and modern property (including rooms). I stayed on the third floor with a courtyard view, quiet room.Pleasant and helpful staff.My only complaints are:The room had a smokey smell even though I requested a non-smoking room (I could have asked for another room but did not bother since I was permitted to check in early and I was also tired from traveling since the day before). There were no iron and board in the room, you'll have to request them and the maids usually take them away when they tidy up.Nevertheless, I was pleased with my choice of hotel and will definitely stay there again.LindaAntigua  Barbuda.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TanyaP
<Content>Fantastique A lovely hotel in the 7th. Great location near three nice cafes and shopping. Metro stop is two businesses down. Charming Rue Clare is 1/2 block away. Beautiful boutique hotel, small but elegant. Our room was lovely and the bath first-rate. Good storage in the bath; a little less in the bedroom, but we still enjoyed it. Very good lighting in room  bath. Staff were all friendly and very helpful. Went from here to the Lutetia in St. Germain-des-Pres to join friends. We much prefer the ambiance of the Le Walt. And, compared to rates at Lutetia, Le Walt's a good value in a quieter neighborhood..  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Californium
<Content>Good Location Saw some of the bad reviews on Trip adviser, but was pressed for time and Le Walt was one of few with available rooms- so took a chance. Got a superior room, but I think it was really meant for disabled people because the bedroom itself was small but the bathroom very large (for the turning radius of a wheelchair) and it was ground floor. However, it was comfortable and quiet. The breakfast at the Le Walt was very good. The best thing about this place is the location- right off a major metro station and could walk to the Rue Cler district so highly acclaimed by Rick Steves (it is actually pretty nice). I found the staff at the Le Walt very professional and pleasant. It is a boutique hotel and has that feel. A mix of nationalities staying here: American, Brits, Chinese, and yes- even French. Bathrooms are modern as shown in photos. There was one bad point- we found a cockroach in the bathroom one night. And on the second night. However, I think this is something the smaller hotels are constantly battling in any big city at certain points in time: too close to adjacent restaurants and food. Thus I give them 3 points (neutral/average) instead of Above average.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	5	5	4	

<Author>cnchapman
<Content>Wonderful hotel and service, in a great area My wife and I stayed at the Le Walt for 7 nights in a deluxe room on the 6th floor. The hotel was a delight -- spotlessly clean, very comfortable bed, and a decent-sized room (for Paris). This was by far the best of four hotels I've visited in Paris, and would be my first choice for future visits. We were there on business (me) and vacation (my wife) and the hotel served very nicely for both purposes.Our room was very quiet and clean, with an armoire, comfortable bed, desk, small table, 2 chairs, and a bathroom with shower/bath combination. Because we were on the top floor, the ceiling was slanted near the wall, which cut a bit into headroom but provided nice dormer windows. Bathroom was very clean and functional, but the shower/bath was a little cramped and tended to splash water around (there was no shower curtain).As for room quiet, I'd note two things. First, the hotel is on a relatively busy street (Avenue de la Motte-Piquet) and rooms are on either the street side or back side facing a courtyard and the backs of apartments. Our room was on the back side, which we loved -- there was no traffic noise and it was very nice to feel at home by seeing people in the other apartments. On the street side, on the other hand, the higher-floor rooms would have views of the Eiffel Tower. So there's a tradeoff there. Second, because the hotel is over a Metro station, there was occasional rumbling from trains. Those did not bother us at all, but light sleepers on lower floors might notice them.The area was fantastically convenient, both for foot travelers (like us) and for those who prefer public transportation. For foot travelers, its location in the 7th puts it within 30 minutes of the Champs-Elysee, Louvre, Musee D'Orsay, Eiffel Tower, Invalides, and just a little longer to Latin Quarter and Notre Dame. For those who prefer less walking, there is a Metro stop literally 20 yards from the hotel, and you can get almost anywhere in the central part of Paris within 20 minutes. There is also a taxi stand around the corner.Nearby Rue Cler is a wonderful market area with many shops and restaurants. Wonderful, that is, if it were not somewhat overrun by tourists thanks to its being featured in a guide book. Still, it was very convenient for breakfast, wines, cheese, delightful restaurants, etc.I'd like to correct a couple of misperceptions that appeared in other reviews. First, the hotel does have internet access in the rooms. In fact, it is free access, through an ethernet port (requires a cable, available from the front desk). WiFi is only available in the lobby (for a fee). As long as you have an ethernet port, you will be OK. Second, the devices in the bathrooms are electric radiators, not towel warmers. Of course one can use them for towel warming, but that's not the primary purpose.The only thing that did not live up to expectations was laundry service. It was expensive (e.g., 9 euros to do a shirt), wasn't available on Sunday or Monday, and my pants came back with spots (which the hotel happily fixed, but took another day). I'd recommend to seek out another laundry service; there are several we saw nearby when walking around.Finally, the hotel had excellent service. Front desk and most other personnel were fluent in English. I especially appreciated the concierge service provided, which helped us make reservations at several restaurants (which is usually possible to do in English, but we were making them well in advance).All in all, the Le Walt was a great experience and we found it to be a good value -- expensive like everything in Paris, but well worth it. We look forward to returning.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ourtravel
<Content>lovely I have just returned from a two night stay at Le Walt with my husband and his family. My husband and I stayed in a ground floor room which had disabled access so was slightly larger than the other rooms. Nice location about ten minutes walk from the E Tower. Staff were very helpful and keen to offer their advice on choice of restaurants.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jacob555
<Content>A must stay for Paris We decided to stay at this hotel due to the consistant comments from tripadvisor and were not let down at all! The Hotel is small yet very well decorated, rooms are very clean with lovely features and bathrooms. We had a room on the 6th floor with view of eiffel tower which was nice yet not a must. We walked to all attractions from the hotel and there is an amazing street very close to the hotel which has fantastic and well priced food all the way down it (market style) ranging from cheese's to freshly made cakes, chocolate and hot meals, ther smells were fantastic. We found beer hard to come by under 5Euros for a half! which was a shock wine also quite expensive in the bistros(ranging from 11-25euros) as you could by the same stuff from the supermarket opposite the hotel for 4euros!!!Sacre Coeur catherdral is a must - a trek from the hotel yet views are fantastic also we really enjoyed the Louvre. Anyone going to this hotel will not be dissappointed at all unless you are on a budget as we found Paris expensive to eat and drink in yet the attractions were very reasonable. Tip of the day is the Louvre is free every 1st Sunday of the month we were lucky enough to go at this time. Overall, a fantastic trip would stay here again!!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>happyland
<Content>Nice little hotel Recently stayed at the Walt and I have to say, it does exactly what it says on the tin. The photos I had seen were a true reflection of what I got. OK, so the rooms are quite small but if you're after a nice room and hotel that has a boutique feel to it, you can't go wrong with this hotel. It's very decent and while it may not rival Hotel Costes and the other legandary Paris hotels, this really is a little gem.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>getmeoutofhere2007
<Content>Dream Hotel My boyfriend and I booked our Paris trip through the Eurostar website about a month in advance as we were travelling the day after Valentines day. Our hotel check in time was at 2o'clock and we arrived 15 minutes early, and as we were early we were given a choice of two rooms and we were shown both rooms before we made a decision.....Result....we choose the slightly smaller room on the 6th floor as it had a perfect view of the Eiffel Tower....The room was brilliant and nicely decorated.....the webiste really doesn't do it any justice..the bathroom was a fantastic size and has everything you could need. We were very happy with our choice of hotel, it was in the perfect location and the metro station was right outside the front door so we found the hotel very easily ! The only thing missing from the room was tea facilities, this being our first trip to paris we didn't relise this wouldn't be supplied and if you order tea at breakfast make sure you ask for it with milk!!! All in all we had a fantastric trip !!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>GreatButty
<Content>Great location We've just come back from two days in Paris and stayed at this Hotel based upon the consistent good comments on Trip Advisor, plus the recommendation from Trip Advisor in their PDF on Paris.The location is good, the Eiffel Tower is 10 minutes walk away and you can walk to all the main locations such as the Arc De Triomphe, Louvre and Notre Dame. The area is lively but residential which we liked. We had lunch one day and dinner another in a couple of the nearby Restuarants (one of which was the Auberge) which was really good and we felt we got a better deal than the poor quality of meals the Resturants that cater for tourists tend to produce. In terms of using the Metro, though right outside the Hotel we actually walked everywhere.The Hotel itself is small but quaint, modern and well decorated and the rooms though indeed small are large enough to do the job and were well appointed and clean, so we were very happy with what we had. We were on the 5th floor but did not have a few of the Eiffel Tower, not that we were particualrly bothered.On the negative, alchloic drinks in the hotel cost a fortune, a double Jack Daniels is 21 Euros!!!The first evening we had tickets for the Moulin Rouge, the show was fantastic though the food was abismal, but we wern't that suprised. Also our seats were right on the front row, so we were as good as on the Stage which concerned me, however they turned out fine in the end, though we'd have preffered to be at least half a dozen rows back.Other areas of interest, the Eiffel Tower is of course a must, if you've not been, queues were not too bad, probably took an hour to get in. We didn't realise you could go to the Top of the Arc De Triomphe so that was a pleasant surpise and gave great views of the City. We also went to the Louvre, which was excellant, though it's a little on the large side, they have 35,000 works and the place is so vast they all blend in to one and as for finding the exit, good luck!Tips: Watch the Taxi drivers, we got charged 45 Euros to get from the Gard Du Nord to the Hotel, on the return trip it was just 15 Euros. Also on going to the Moulin Rouge we were charged 20 Euros though the return journey was only 10.The only other real negative in Paris is that drinking out is very expensive, a beer can range from 5 Euros to 8 Euros for half a pint and shots around the same price, though generally wine is cheaper, more like 3.5 Euros a 25 CL glass.Overall we had a great time in Paris and Le Walt was a Hotel which we'd recommend and stay in again. Price wise we booked through the Hotel directly and got a rate at 225 Euros a night (InWood Hotels)  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Andaltex
<Content>Very nice Paris hotel - wonderful location My wife and I stayed 5 nights at the Le Walt in January, 2007. We booked our room based on information from multiple sources, including tripadvisor. I would say that the previous reviews of this hotel are spot on and that the photos accurately depict the hotel and its environs.Positives:1. The location is great. The 7e is a quiet residential location with terrific metro access to all of Paris. The Ecole Militaire metro stop is literally 10 yards to the left of the front door, so a visitor can be anywhere in central Paris within 20 minutes. The multi-day fare card is a terrific bargain.2. Numerous bistros and the Rue Cler street market are wonderful for a light morning breakfast or an afternoon coffee. We did not partake of the hotel breakfast, so I cannot comment.3. The staff was friendly and appropriately helpful; a cab for our departure to CDG was arranged the night before and was on time.4. We had a deluxe 4th floor room (estimated 200-250 square feet - good sized for Europe) in the rear of the hotel, overlooking the garden. The room was quiet. We did hear construction noise from an adjacent building on three mornings, but that's beyond the hotel's control. The metro rumble was faint and not terribly bothersome (see previous posts). There was absolutely no noise from adjacent rooms or the hall.5. Our king size bed was very comfortable and was among the best we've had anywhere. The linens were excellent.6. The bathroom size was adequate and updated with towel warmers and nice toiletries. The towels were thick and very comfortable.7. Communication with staff was not difficult - they readily spoke English well. Email communication prior to the visit was timely and helpful.Neutal/negatives:1. The hotel decor is on the contemporary side, so don't expect a country French or antique-laden experience; if you're looking for that type of environment, search elsewhere.2. If I were a business traveler, the lack of in-room internet access would be a negative.3. Closets are on the small side.4. We didn't do room service (I'm not sure why anyone visiting Paris would want to!); the menu looked a little bare bones.5. If you're looking for night life, book something in the 5e or 6e.Overall, this is a very nice property - not 5 star, but definitely above average. For first time visitors, as were we, this is a really good hotel. On my next trip, we might want to try something different and a little more French, but we'd be happy to stay at Le Walt and recommend it without hesitation.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>SethPhiladelphia
<Content>Great Service, Very Kind and Helpful I stayed at Hotel Le Walt for three nights from January 19-22, 2007. I booked the hotel based on Tripadvisor. The pictures were accurate. The hotel was very quiet, especially if you get a room in the back by the garden. The staff was superb and very kind. Helped with restaurant reservations and went as far as giving printed maps to help find restaurant. They were concerned when our shuttle to the airport had not arrived and would have called for us if we wanted. Breakfast was included in the price of the room and it was just fine. I would repeat this way as you can save money for more expensive dinner. The Metro is great, so close to hotel and the entire metro system was very easy to get around, if you are there more than 2 days I would by a multiple day pass which gets you on any metro for one lump sum price. The metro comes every 2-5 minutes and while the stops may seem far away, they are actually very close, 20-25 minutes to go from one end to the other. Get a museum pass also, saves alot of money. For its class rating Hotel Le Walt was on top of the mark.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shay007
<Content>Fine but not great We stayed at Le Walt for 7 nights last October. It is indeed a fine Hotel with beautifully decorated rooms, a very pleasant staff and a fine 7th district location - close enough to most attractions and night life sites but still in a relatively quiet residential area.Still, at 275 Euro a night one might expect a slightly larger room. for 2 people staying 7 nights in Paris and carrying lagguage accordingly we had quite a challenge finding room for our staff and our suitcases. It is correct that Paris hotel rooms are amongst the smallest in the world and yet if you don't travel very lightly I'd consider another location.As far as the staff is concerned they were very willing and available but don't expect them to do anything real for you like getting a taxi at rush our or reservations at a popular restaurant.So, if you travel lightly and look for elegant design and very simple comfort - go for Le Walt. otherwise, either spend more on finer hotel or look for other boutique hotels offering more than big pictures on the room wall.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>para911
<Content>Best kept secret in Paris Ahhh Paris.... My partner and I just got back from our honeymoon. A week in Amsterdam and a week in Paris. This hotel is the absolute best! Just a few minutes walk to the Eiffel tower park, metro stop just outside the hotel, and tons of little cafes are within a few minutes walk in this wonderful neighborhood. I asked for a room with a view and got room 502. This room is on the top floor of the hotel and has a narrow balcony that can be accessed from the bathroom and the bedroom. The Eiffel tower (top half) is visible from the bed.... very romantic. The rooms are small but nicely appointed and the staff are THE best. The 13 euro breakfast was OK, not what Americans are used too.... but thats why everyone is skinny in Europe. The market across the street was great for baguette sandwiches, pasteries, fresh fruits and drinks. Free internet allowed me to email some of the hundreds of photos I took in both Amsterdam and Paris. If this hotel is on your short list of places to stay, you wont be disappointed.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Deush1
<Content>Wonderful hotel This hotel is wonderful, great service, clean and right around the corner from the Eiffel Tower and the Metro Stn Ecole Militaire and great restaurants.At the time of booking we asked for a room with a view of the Eiffel Tower (Room 402) you cannot see the whole tower from ANY room in the hotel - but get a good view of the top of it and it is very pretty at night when it has the lights on. If you want a view of the tower and the street (I feel these are the best rooms) be sure to ask when you book to avoid disapointment.I plan to go back to Paris in the summer time and will be staying at this hotel for sure, I think it is great value and staff are friendly and helpful, English is spoken very well by the people on the desk and the hotel is so well situated.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pineapple1212
<Content>Hassle-free Honeymoon A little gem in the 7th quarter, we could not have been more pleased in the 4 days we had in Paris to kickstart our honeymoon. Arrival and departure all went smoothly with the friendliest of staff. In fact, they let us choose between two rooms (we chose the bigger one obviously). The rooms are small, but what do you expect in Paris! The cleaniless was impeccable and decor very warm and inviting. The bathrooms were modern and always clean. The cable TV had a variety of channels and they even had a good selection of DVDs available. The accessiblity to all attractions in Paris was great as well. A mere 10 minute walk to the Eiffel tower, around the corner from Rue Cler which had the most charming outdoor markets, bars and cafes, and a post office right across the streeet (we redeemed our travelers cheques here and bought a calling card). Whats more is the Ecole Militaire subway station is right next to the hotel, so we just jumped on and off as desired. This came in especially handy when the World Cup final brought parades and riots around the Champs Elysees....we were there in minutes. It was an unforgettable memory.The only read drawback is the expense of the meals and drinks. We never ate there, but I'm sure the food was excellent. But when you have a market across the street and Eiffel Tower around the corner, why not have a nice picnic at its base? Some complained of the rumble of the subway below but we were barely aware of this. Could have been because we were on the 4th floor. As well, past reviews state it is probably too pricey. This is arguable, but in the end worth it seeing as how smoothly things went for us.Our time in Paris was fantastic and Hotel Le Walt was a big part of this. A great start to our honeymoon as we headed to the glorious south, which I will write a review on next!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DMU
<Content>Lovely boutique hotel Hotel Le Walt is walking distance to the Eiffel Tower and just 2 blocks from Rue Cler (high-end food market), w/ the Ecole Militaire Metro at the end of the block. It's a sweet little hotel, w/ personable service. Our room was next to the court yard, which was quiet and private. The room was much smaller than what we expected, but the bathroom was a good size. The breakfast included wonderful mini croissants and other pastries , fresh fruit salad, various cold cuts and cheese. It's a bit pricey for the hotel room size, but if you want a hotel that is new, clean, modern and personable it's definitely the place to stay.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>KingOfTheWorld
<Content>Le Walt - C'est Fantastique! Le Walt was simply fantastic!!The decor, the location, the ambience, and above all else the staff - were amazing! The rooms and lobby area looked good on the site but they were ten times better in actuality. the cortyard area where you could sit and sip Champagne was perfect in the July sun and got our 5 day break off to a wonderfull start.the rest of our stay was beyoind comfortable in the wwell appointed rooms with everything you needed really. the location was such that you could walk to the Champs Elysee within a leisurely 10 minutes (via Les Invalides) past some lovely bars and restaurants. You could also be in St Germain on foot within 15 mins.My gretaest praise is reserved for the staff - from check in to check out they were simply the best. Always friendly - initiatinmg conversatiomn in the morning - and always helpfull. Special mention has to go to the night manager Rashid who put uo with us until late in the night on our return from partyiung ( We were in paris celebrating a birthday).I would go again and agian to Le Walt and may just have finally found my Paris Hotel!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kallang
<Content>New and good location Stayed in the top floor room facing the Eiffel Tower.You can see the top half of the Tower which has a light show on the hour at night.The room is small but modern.The bathroom is a nice size.There is market street opposite where you can get great French food.The room service food is limited and quite bad: reheated pizzas.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>howl
<Content>Excellent location, pleasant hotel       Ecole Militaire Metro with Hotel le Walt across the road  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>danigrrrl
<Content>Not what I expected Upon arrival I was surprised to have construction going on in a building next door. I wish we had been informed of this. There was a planned power outage that we were informed of only we checked in. Jack-hammer noise during the work day hours was annoying! There were barriers and temporary walkways set up all around the entrance.We requested twin beds for my son and I. We got a king size. When I mentioned it as we first walked in the room, we were told someone would be in to separate the beds. It took about 15 minutes for the staff to accomplish the bed situation. The picture headboard is not completely framed along the bottom, so each day the room was cleaned they would push the beds back together. Why not just give us another room?The front desk called us three times in the first hour of our check-in, rather unnecessarily.I had expected a less busy street with a quieter ambiance and was surprised at how busy the street location was. It may be great to have a Metro stop just yards away, but keep in mind that you may also hear it. I could hear the rumbling of the subway more than every 2 minutes at peak times. We had a room on the second floor. Maybe those rooms higher don't experience this. I am surprised that I never saw it mentioned in any reviews I had read before booking. We got the non-smoking room we requested, but there was a constant smell of cigarette smoke coming in our room, likely from neighboring rooms. The staff was friendly, but not all of them understood us. We would ask for coffee in our room each day and each time we got something different. Not sure why.Errors on the bill had mini-bar usage that we never used and breakfast at the hotel charged to us on our departure day-we never ate at the hotel, most certainly not on an early AM check-out.On a positive note, the beds were comfortable and there was free wireless internet available in our room.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	2	2	5	

<Author>bpinch
<Content>Great Hotel, coming back       Deluxe room at Le Walt  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>maltese_falcons
<Content>Fantastic hotel and great location Visited Le Walt in late August for our honeymoon and we couldn't have picked a better place for it's cozy contemporary atmosphere, friendly and helpful staff, and a terrific location to the metro and Eiffel tower. We stayed in room 603 which is fairly sized and extremely clean. Only about 25 rooms in the entire hotel so you really feel like the staff know you and try to make every effort to make your stay as comfortable as possible. Ecole Militaire Metro station is directly in front of the hotel which links you to any major attraction and to the RER's.Would definitely return for a visit and would recommend this to any traveller willing to spend a little more for comfort.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>divasumner
<Content>loved it brilliant- we were gretted by a very helpfull receptionist who helped us make restaurant reservations. I would recommend dinner at night on the boat. just a short walk from hotel. we were offered two bedrooms to choice from one large one or a smaller room but with a view. we went for larger room. great location, i didnt think it was cheap about 拢200 but then i dont know the price of others in the centre we would diff stay there again  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>KimMcDonald
<Content>Loved the Le Walt Cannot speak highly enough of the hotel and it's staff. A week at the Le Walt was memorable for the convenient and accessible location, presentation and attention to detail of the hotel and the friendly and obliging staff. Nothing was too much trouble.Now one could make the usual comments about room size, but remembere this is Paris, not Hong Kong. Even then I have no complaints.I apologise if this is sounding a bit like a commercial, but it really is a good spot and if you like the Left Bank, and the 7th e particularly, I thoroughly recommend it .  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>jaysend
<Content>Great location, good service, nice clean rooms. Hotel Le Walt has an amazing location. A 5 minute walk puts you at the Eifell Tower. Right out the front door is the Ecoile Militaire Metro Stop. Yet it is on a relatively quiet street with great markets and resteraunts. The staff was very accomidating. Everyone regaurdless of language barriers would do their best to help. The services offered are quite nice. The rooms are comfortable, even though quite small. We found ourselves spending lots of time on the patio, hanging out at the hotel, something I rarely do. It was base camp for us on our first trip to Paris and was very easy to get back to. I highly reccomend Hotel Le Walt.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Scottigal
<Content>Comfortable hotel: great location Just returned from 6 days in Paris. This hotel is easy to reach from C De G: Roissy bus to Opera ( 8.50 euros) then a few stops in the metro to Ecole Militaire. The metro exit is right beside the hotel. The accommodation is clean and comfortableand the breakfast is fresh and good value for money though the staff dont seem to mind if guests 'do their own thing'. We had a lovely room on 5th floor and enjoyed the twinkling lights that appear on the Eiffel Tower at 10 and 11pm: they may appear later but we were fast asleep in the comfy bed! The bathroom is a decent size and has good facilities: bath and shower and a mirror with a light. The only problem we experienced was the lack of the early morning alarm call and early breakfast we arranged for the day we needed to leave the hotel early. The location is superb for sight seeing and there are loads of local food shops in Rue Cler which also has a market during other months. The surrounding area abounds with good restaurants offering food at a range of prices. We've visited Paris a few times now and we're glad to say the city is alive and well in August and we would stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>California_Grown
<Content>Loved it! We can't say enough about this hotel. When we arrived we requested a romantic room with a view of the effiel tower...we got it. 5th floor, 2 balconies and a great view. 1/2 of the rooms in the hotel have a great view and many have balconies. The girls at the front desk were so sweet and extremely friendly. They helped us out with transportations, dinner reservations, getting us plug adaptersBest part...the room and location.. It had an amazing view with 2 balconies! It was a great size for 2 with a very comfy bed and was very very clean! Don't worry about the pictures above the bed, they are a great touch and won't affect romance at all. Then there is the location. 5 minute walk to the effiel tower. About a 20 second walk to the metro station. Nice supermarket across the street, many little places to eat all within 1-2 minutes.Pros:location, staff, rooms were beautiful, free safe, view, cleanlinessCons: expensive internet, doors don't always close behind you, no conditioner, no large cabinets for clothingWe will definitely stay there again. We loved sitting in bed at night and watch the dazzling show of the tower.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Michele2
<Content>Great Hotel After having travelled on the Eurostar from Waterloo we found it easy to get to the hotel on the underground system. The hotel is just across the road from the train station. It is an excellent location for exploring the sites of Paris, and although we purchased train tickets for the weekend we ended up walking everywhere as all the sights are in walking distance. Great view of the Effiel tower from our window which sparkles at night. Nice area. Nice room and bathroom. Friendly and helpful staff. Would definately go to this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>gooseegg
<Content>Loved Hotel; But Beware We spent 3 nights in this hotel in July. It was terrific- nice, clean rooms, large bathrooms, convenient to the Metro, and a view of the Eiffel Tower. The staff was very friendly and willingly helped us with restaurant reservations and other recommendations. The area is nice too- good bakery for breakfast nearby (no need to have the overpriced hotel breakfast), and a street called Rue Cle a short distance away that has a traditional feel to it.Now the bad part. We made the reservation 9 months in advance for four nights. We paid in full as we were required to do and purchased cancellation insurance. After our itinerary changed we notified the hotel and cancelled one night of our stay- this occurred several months in advance of our arrival. We were assured that we would receive a credit for the cancelled night, which we did not receive before our arrival. Upon arrival and check-in we spoke at length to the hotel staff, who again assured us that we would receive a credit. Now, more than a month after our stay we still have received nothing. We are out almost $550 (it was for 2 rooms), so this is not insignificant.Bottom line- this is a nice hotel, but beware if you think your plans could change. They seem unwilling to honor their own cancellation insurance and refund policies.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	5	4	4	2	5	1	

<Author>Boolean
<Content>We stayed there on our honeymoon We had 5 nights at Le Walt on our honeymoon in late November 2005. It is without doubt the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in.The staff were amazing; unfortunately while we were there I got gastroenteritis (NOT from the hotel food, may I stress!) and they couldn't do enough to help us, they arranged an English-speaking doctor who arrived within 30 minutes and all the staff were so kind and concerned. Our room was on the 5th floor and we had a wonderful view of the Eiffel Tower, which helped remind me I was in Paris when confined to bed for 3 days! The bed was large and very luxurious and the bathroom was gorgeous. There was also a TV and DVD player.The breakfasts were lovely although we didn't have an evening meal there because of my being unwell.The location was perfect - within easy walking distance of the Eiffel Tower and a Metro station right outside. Also lots of nice cafes and restaurants along a main market streets a couple of hundred yards along the Avenue. It is also a nice shopping area and had lots of boutiques and speciality food shops nearby, as well as a supermarket right opposite for all those little bits and pieces you need.Overall we would reccommend Le Walt to anyone, especially couples wanting somewhere a bit special to stay while enjoying Paris. We will definitely be going back to make up the days we missed on honeymoon and I wouldn't want to stay at any other hotel!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GoodyMember
<Content>Excellent Hotel!!! The reviews on this site were right! We stayed at Le Walt for 4 days in July and were very happy with the hotel, the staff and location. The hotel is extremely convenient for the metro, a stroll to the Eiffel Tower or for local restaurants. The staff was excellent - both very friendly and helpful. The hotel and room was spacious enough (not huge, but good) and very clean.We definitely recommend this hotel to anyone!!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleased as punch! Hotel Le Walt was pretty good compared to some of the horror stories we had heard. We stayed here on the first leg of our honeymoon European Tour and we were pleased. The staff was very courteous and spoke english well. This was a plus for us since neither of us spoke French. Our room was a deluxe king on the 5th floor facing the Eiffel Tower. The view of the tower was only the middle to top but it was very romantic when the lights started to shimmer. The room also had three balconies and this made the small room even better. The room was very cozy. The staff were very nice and provided us with a lot of information and even placed reservations for us. They made our stay hassle free. I would recommend and stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lune de miel! Only stayed in Paris once before this, at the Campanile on Boulevard Berthier, so Le Walt was a step up for us as we wanted to treat ourselves this time, with it being our honeymoon. We were very pleasantly surprised.I'd mailed ahead and told them it was our honeymoon and that we wanted a room with a view of the tower. For some reason (even though I'd given our visa card number) they would only say they would do their best, they didn't guarantee us a tower view.We did actually get room 601 which has a really good view of the tower and was perfect for seeing the fireworks on the 14th!There are numerous places to eat in the area, there is a supermarket over the road so take your kettle so you can have coffee in your room. There is a Boulanger a few doors up if you decided to buy croissants, baguettes, eclairs etc and the metro is literally right outside.As the breakfast in the hotel was 13鈧?a piece for just a continental style buffet breakfast, we thought we鈥檇 head out and see if we could find somewhere cheaper. To be honest, you鈥檒l be hard pressed to find a cheaper breakfast unless you buy croissants yourself from the Boulanger or supermarket (which we did do) they are about 77cents each. We brought our own coffee, tea bags and a kettle and we got milk from the supermarket across the road from our hotel. We really did make a good choice of hotels, all the amenities right on the doorstep! We did eat breakfast in the hotel on the last day though for convenience and it was very good; fruit juice, coffee, cake, rolls, croissants, pain au chocolat, cereals, cold meats and cheeses (as much as you like, buffet style). That would fill you up til dinner time to be honest. So, again, you decide really. The room was beautifully decorated and immaculate with a big bath and a shower and clean towels every day.The staff are friendly and helpful.The room next door seemed to enjoy scraping their furniture across the floor (wooden floors) in the early hours, which was a bit annoying and we could even hear them walking around and lifting their loo seat so the soundproofing btwn rooms is not very good.The hotel is on a busy road so there is some traffic noise but that's the price you pay to be in a prime location I suppose. It's not too bad though.My only criticism would be that they didn't mention our honeymoon or congratulate us when we got there, a token gift or a card in the room would have made our stay a 10 out of 10. Just that little personal touch would have made such a difference. As it is, I'll give them a 9 out of 10 and would consider staying here again.A full review of our trip will eventually go on my web site if you want more in depth info, please go here http://homepage.ntlworld.com/ian.teeling/ but it will take me a few weeks to write it! :0)  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Gti59
<Content>Disappointed! Not impressed at all! Just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel.I had a good deal through Bancotel booked some months ago (regular rates can reach 300 euros??). Asked me 80 euros to add a roll away bed for my son of 11 years old. Completely crazy! Of course I said no!The location is pefect next to the Metro but it is so close that even on the fourth floor you can feel the vibrations. There are plenty of bars  restaurants in the vicinity but it is quite expensive (8 euros for a 500ml beer) .The 4th floor room was well appointed but very small.You can get a continental breakfast for an extra 13 euros. Not a good deal at all. Anyway there is plenty of food available around and a grocery just in face.I probably wouldnt stay here again I know there are better hotels in Paris for the same price.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lancelarue
<Content>Le Walt is a Quality Hotel for Paris We have been to Paris three times over the years, staying at the Derby Eiffel once and at a boutique hotel near Musee D'Orsay (I cannot remember the name). The Le Walt beat both of the other hotels hands down. The rooms were small but nicely appointed (e.g. working A.C., hard wood floors, nice bathrooms with Hans Groh faucets, great painting on the wall at the head of the bed, etc.). The Eiffel tower is a 5 minute walk, and even the Louvre is no more than 15 minutes (or take the subway, with the entry immediately outside the hotel). Pros and Cons:1. The hotel staff are very well versed in English and are all friendly and helpful.2. The front-facing rooms get some noise from the street. We definitely had street noise in our room each night, and we were on the third floor. I would recommend asking for an interior room (looking down on the atrium) at the time of booking.3. We paid 220 euro per night for a deluxe room, King non-smoking. That is pretty steep, but based on what we have seen elsewhere in Paris, it is a good value.4. Booking the breakfast at 12 euro each is not a good idea. You can sit down at a restaurant literally across the street and have the same food for 8 euro. There are also two great bakeries within one block of the hotel and many more if you go even 2-3 blocks.Overall, we were pleased with this hotel and would stay here again. Do not, however, expect something on par with a 4 star hotel in the U.S. or even in London. We stayed at the London Landmark in a spectacular room with 750 square feet for $250 per night, and the two hotels were not even comparable.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MELSY
<Content>Nice Hotel But..................... Just got back from a 4 night stay at this hotel.I managed to get a good deal through Expedia booked some months ago as we had got tickets for the Robbie Williams concert.The location isnt bad-right next to the Metro. There are plenty of bars  restaurants in the vicinity but we found the food quite samey  not very adventurous-there were some better restaurants in  around Notre Dame.The 5th floor room was well appointed but very small  we had a superior room so I dread to think what the others were like!!There doesnt appear to be a restaurant serving dinner-although you can get a continental breakfast for an extortionate price!A word of warning if you use the mini bar keep a record of what you use-the reception tried to claim we had various items!!I probably wouldnt stay here again I know there are better hotels in Paris for the same price.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location! My boyriend and I decided Paris would be our first trip together in July 2005. Therefore, we wanted it to be perfect. We were so excited. My boyfriend had served as a Marine guard at the Embassy some years earlier, so he could speak French and was familiar with some areas. This made me feel very comfortable visiting another country. We did a lot of research on hotels. The Hotel Le Walt was one of our favorites. The reviews and pictures from this site assisted us in chosing Hotel Le Walt. I must say the pictures were accurate. Once we arrived we realized that this was a great location. It was just minutes from fine restaurants, tourist sites, ie. Invalides and other great points of interest, and also the Metro station. The room was tastefully adorned with modern furniture and a beautiful piece of art. Of course, it wasn't the standard american size room, but still was comfortable enough for the two of us. We actually enjoyed the closeness. The bathroom was quite different from what we're used to, no shower curtain. It felt good to be in Paris and experience their way of life. I would suggest that you take along washcloths. They only provide hand and body towels. The staff was very friendly. We enjoyed late night chats with the bartender in the lobby bar. With the Metro station being just across the street we were able to enjoy sleeping in some mornings, even my early bird boyfriend, and still had time for site seeing. We often took late night walks to the Eifel Tower. The light shows were magnificent. This was a very nice hotel and the price was even better. When we revisit Paris we will definitely choose the Hotel Le Walt, again.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>alanber
<Content>Great Location We had a great time at Le Walt for four nights from May 18th to celebrate our Wedding Anniversary.The location for the Effiel tower and the host of galleries in Paris was unbeatable and the selection of local shops and restaurants was diverse and well priced.The hotel itself was excellent and the staff very friendly and approachable and although not the cheapest in Paris we found the room good value and the decor was a conversation piece since each room was indeed different.Having visited Paris often and stayed at many hotels we will be back soon to this hotel.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KristaInLondon
<Content>Loved Le Walt I stay in Paris hotels at least once every three weeks. I'm always on the lookout for a new place. My budget is always under 150 gbp or about $275 usd these days. At about 140ish gbp a night, I was extremely pleased with Le Walt. 1. The ground floor is very cute. There's the check-in desk, the bar, and the breakfast area. The bar isn't really a staffed bar, but whoever is working the front desk will be happy to grab you a glass of wine--at a decent price. 5.50 euros. I've stayed at other Paris hotels where the wine was more like 8 euros a glass. There's not a whole lot of comfy seating in the bar area, but you can take over the breakfast area, no problem. Pretty curtains break up the area. 2. Breakfast is 13 euros, but my experience tells me this is a better-than-average breakfast. There are croissants, pan au chocolate, yogurt, ham, salami, and cheese. And cereal. And juice. And the famous french-press coffee. So while it seems super-expensive, I've certainly been places where they charged 13 euros just for the croissant and coffee.3. There's free Internet in the rooms. You might want to bring a LAN-cord. But otherwise, no expensive wireless or dial-in service. 4. There's room service, if you want it. I didn't try it, but it looks fun and varied.5. There's a minibar. Decent selection of all the regulars.6. Great bath products. Particularly a loofah, Nice touch. Mirror over sink has that automatic defogger thing.7. Wood floors in the rooms.8. Super close to the metro. 9. View of the Eifel Tower from my room. Granted just the tippy top, but it was a nice surprise. 10. Awesome courtyard. I can imagine that breakfast/drinks in July/August here would be wonderful. Very peaceful. 11. A real bed. Not overly slept in. Maybe just a little. I've been in worse. (How come after sleeping on the same mattress for  5 years, my mattress at home never feels like a hotel mattress?)12. OK, last point--free umbrellas at the front desk. It was raining when I went out to dinner last night.The Verdict: I'll be back. Up there with the Hotel Duret (still my fave), thanks to TripAdvisor!  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>noakes
<Content>Please see The Marquis for full review Im giving it this rating for the following reasons only:called night before due to arrive and they told me that room ws all booked and evrything ok. However, when my wife and i arrived they said there was a mistake and that they had allocated our room to someone else! DOH, not happy! They managed this perffectly however, and arranged for use to stay at The Marquis, another of there hotels 5 mins drive away. They upgraded us, and i managed to get 3 free breakfasts out of it too. They called and paid for the taxi to get us to the other hotel and gave us a complimentary drink while we waited.Was this hotel nice? dunno! never stayed there so hence the neutral rating. It looked nice and i would have been happy to stay there.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BE64
<Content>Fantastic location Just got back from this hotel, we were a party of eight Mums away for the weekend, we could not find fault with this hotel. It was in a lovely area, just next door to the Metro. The rooms of the hotel were superb, you couldn,t wish for more. They were very clean and plenty of room, well decorated with everything you need. The staff were an abolute delight, always friendly and helpful. I would not hesitate to stay in this hotel again, I have stayed in many hotels in Paris before (large and small) and this was by far my favourite. Also we found the breakfast to be very good, plenty of choice and we all thought it was very good value.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HJG
<Content>Wife was happy! Perfect 7th district location. If you want to be where a little more action is, try the Saint Germine area. Hotel was as advertised. Clean, modern with friendly staff. Had a front facing room on the 4th floor overlooking the market and a hint of the Eifel tower. Can here the rumble of the metro, so if you are noise sensitive, suggest a higher rear room or different hotel. We were upgraded upon arrival. Did not try the buffet as Rue Clar and many pastry shops were very close.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>L6Traveler
<Content>Great Location, Excellent Staff Just returned from a 4-night stay at Le Walt. We did a ton of research on hotels in Paris before finally deciding on this one. From the moment you first walk into the boutique hotel, you know that you're in for a treat. The lobby is quaint and stylish, with a great aromatherapy-type scent. The rooms would best be described as modern-classic. The color pallette and fixtures are very cutting edge, but they are offset by classic touches like a large painting for the headboard and hardwood (laminate) floors. The style was a perfect compromise, as I prefer modern and my wife prefers traditional. As for location, it's fairly close to everything, and just steps from a Metro stop. Our room had a view of the Eiffel Tower, although only some of the rooms offer this view. Even if you don't get a view it's still great. The young managers were extremely friendly and always eager to assist. Since it's a small property, you get a nice personal touch that you wouldn't receive at a larger hotel. There are tons of restaraunts right around the hotel, and the area is very safe. Only a few very minor drawbacks: 1. We had to request an iron and ironing board, as it's not in the room normally2. No coffee maker in the room3. Only a couple of restaurant menus for review at the front desk, would have preferred more selections of recommended locations.For the money, it's probably one of the better hotels in Paris. We would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>baltorich
<Content>Very nice boutique hotel Le Walt is a very nice boutique hotel in a convenient location with an accommodating staff. The room was nicely sized (for Paris) with a view of the top of the Eiffel tower and a beautiful bathroom. The metro stops right outside the entrance (stop: Ecole Militaire), which is ideal, and their are several neighborhood bistros and cafes right nearby. It's not a hot spot at night, so if you're looking for that, try another area, but it's beautiful and quiet and a nice stroll to the Eiffel Tower. The breakfast was fine - but we liked the breakfast in the bustling cafe across the street even more. The staff made all the reservations for everything we asked in a very prompt manner and they were all so pleasant. It's not a bargain, but it was very comfortable and enjoyable.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great boutique hotel I selected this hotel based on previous trip advisor reviews, and I must say the rating was spot on. The hotel is located in the 7th district within walking distance to the eiffel tower, just around the corner from l'ecole militaire and has a metro stop just outside the doors which provide easy access to anywhere in Paris. The general area can be characterized as upper middle class and has small restaurants, bistros and various small shops.The rooms are not spacious by North American standards but quite comfortable none the less. Each is decorated in a unique artistic style with an individual painting and furnshings to match. The beds are firm but comfortable, and the bathrooms are well equipped (including shower heads). For the business traveller there is high speed wired internet which worked great.The artistic theme continues in the lobby and the small breakfast area. Breakfast is normally extra and runs about 12 euros for a continental breakfast. Given the number of bistros in the area, eating out would be a better value. The staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel for the tourist or business taveller.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>buckliew
<Content>Exceptional Hotel during Honeymoon in Paris       View from our Room  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cmiller_80
<Content>Wonderful Petite Hotel with excellent service As this was my first trip to paris, i did all of my planning and selecting of hotels/restaurants online. In the past, i have had very bad luck sometimes with selecting a hotel online, so i was fearful that Le Walt might not be as nice as it seemed. However, upon arrival, all fears were dispersed. We arrived at the hotel at 9:30 am (having taken an overnight flight the night prior) to drop our bags off. Much to my suprise, they had our room ready! It was wonderful to be able to go immediatly to our room and relax a bit. The room was a nice size, extremely clean, wood floors, great windowlight, full bathtub, nice minibar. Very comfortable. When we had questions, the staff were all very attentive and helpful. Our room was cleaned thoroughly each day. The hotel was in a great location. The metro is literally right out the front door. It is a 10 minute walk from Invalides or the Eiffel tower, and it is not in a very touristy area, which was also a plus. I loved staying at the Le Walt, and would certainly return.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>David_mc
<Content>Great location, friendly and helpful staff I have just returned froma weekend in Paris, staying at the Hotel Le Walt.We stayed in a superior room on the fifth floor - the room itself was compact (as expected) and comfortable, not overfurnished. Focal point was of course the Old Master pastiche painting as a headboard. From our room we were able to view the top third or so of the Eiffel Tower - particularly impressive at dusk during the hourly sparkling light show.The bed was firm and comfortable and a free presentation bowl of fruit and chocolates was a welcoming touch.The Bathroom was a fair size and had a range of complimentary toiletry products and soft, good sized towels.Staff were friendly and helpful, responding immediately to my advance booking request and organising taxis. Transport was generally no problem with the hotel being situated next to a Metro station. The hotel itself is very well located - only minutes from the Eiffel Tower, Invalides etc and with a good range of restaurants/bistros/cafes nearby  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Frogberto
<Content>Very nice hotel! The hotel is beautiful, modern, and RIGHT by a metro station, which is very convenient. The staff were all English speaking and very nice. The pros - we had a HUGE room facing the garden, with a crib as requested, and the room is very modern and beautiful, with custom art in each room by local artists. The hotel is walking distance to the Eiffel Tower, Napoleon's Tomb (Hotel Invalides), and as mentioned, the metro, as well as a charming market area, a laundromat, and some great restaurants.The cons - the night staff pointed out to us that the hotel is understaffed, and uses temporary labor for almost everything. There was usually one person answering phones, handling guest concerns, tending bar, and serving breakfast. The breakfast also isn't worth the 13 Euros charged - better to walk up the street for a larger breakfast that's also cheaper. The night staff pointed out little touches like how the stairwell doors were broken, although that didn't bother me so much. Overall, a very nice place, and I would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel in a good location Just returned from a weekend at the Le Walt. Had a really nice time. I emailed ahead and they had organised everything that I had asked. The service was good, friendly and efficient. Nice, small hotel (badly painted pictures as a headboard - I am an artist, so perhaps a bit picky), but apart from that, good decor, comfortable bed, etc. Very good location - we will go back.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leighton007
<Content>Fantastic view and great staff! We spent 3 nights at Le Walt in a classic room on the 6th floor (601). We were instantly struck with the view of the Eiffel tower from both our windows! You could actually lay down and on the bed and see the tower! Our room was a bit on the small side but the classic superior rooms are larger and some have a view of the tower on the 5th floor (and a balcony!). The decor throughout was second to none and all areas were incredibly clean. As for the staff, they couldn't have been more friendly and helpfull. The hotel is central and is just off a metro line for easy access to all of Paris. The only two minor negatives was the lack of tea and coffee making facilities in the room and the lack of a cooked breakfast option.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldnt fault this gorgeous chic boutique hotel!!! Couldnt fault Le Walt at all. My boyfriend and i stayed here over New Year and the hotel was gorgeous. Was abit disappointed we didnt have a room with a view, but our room just off the courtyard was wonderful and felt like we had our own little private bit of the hotel!! Breakfast was bought to our room every mornng and exactly the time we had asked for and the staff were extremely friendly and welcoming and always insiting upon helping us. The hotel is situated right by a metro station which was great, the metro is fab, dont waste money on cabs when u can take the metro every where its so easy!! Wouldnt highly reccomend this hotel to anyone and would definately stay there again!!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shoelessmike
<Content>Photo Review       Metro  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lisa222
<Content>Great Location, subway noise We spent 5 nights over US Thanksgiving holidays. Great hotel for individual service, for location, for decor, huge bathrooms. However, DO NOT accept rooms 701 or 702 if you are a light sleeper (like me.) The rooms are on the ground floor, off the courtyard. You'll hear every train which pulls through the station below, from 5:00am until 1:00am. The management wouldn't move us, saying the hotel was full (for 5 nights??). We had prepaid, best deal I found was on hotels. Hotel location is great, just across the street from Rue Cler (a foodie's dream). Eat breakfast at a cafe there, rather than at the hotel. Rue Dominique, an easy walk, has several of restaurants by Constant, which are superb. Use the Supermarche across the street for snacks and sodas.The hotel management was very helpful in getting us a last-minute taxi to CDG, after the Bluevan called to cancel our ride (an hour before pickup). Do not book Bluevan without a backup! The hotel recommended Yellowvan, and said they could have booked that for us with notice. E-mail the hotel with any requests in advance--they DO respond.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>The-Purple-One
<Content>Excellent Hotel Perfect Hotel for a weekend away, it is small as most boutique hotels are, but the rooms are very pleasant but just a little too bland to be better described but the bed was unbelieveably comfortable.Location is great, making all of Paris close to hand, especially if you have a wife like mine who makes you walk everywhere.Go there and enjoy, unless you like large impersonal multiroomed hotels, you will not be disappointed  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Twinkle Tower Delight! I had the time of my life in Paris! This hotel was so nice to come home to and rest! The bed was wonderful! The staff delightful! And The view amazing! The staff appologized for not having a good room with a view - like I had requested... and gave us a deal! When in reality the room the was fantastic!!! The view gorgeous! THE EIFFLE TOWER - blinking on every hour!!! If this room was not a room with a view - I cant imagine how the ones with the view look!!!!I would stay here again - as long as I had the money for it! THE LOCATION is the best part! It is right by a metro and all the little cafes and restaurants make it perfect!!!! PLUS there is a market right across the street and a whole foods store... perfect for lunches or dinners when you dont feel like eating out. The pub below serves great home wine! Nice for relaxing close to the hotel after a long day of shopping!JUST LOVE IT!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great ambience Stayed here for four nights for our honeymoon, and loved it! We had a room at the front and loved to be able to open the windows on to the street - there was no noise with the windows closed. The bed was amazingly comfortable and the bathroom clean and well equipped. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful, and the blissfully quiet courtyard a wonderful oasis of calm after a day of walking and sightseeing. As we didn't have time to see all the sights we hoped to, we will be returning to Paris and Le Walt as soon as possible!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Richieh
<Content>Friendly and personal Le Walt. I was very surprised to read an earlier review regarding the 'Lengthy' registration form completion. All they ask for is your name, address, credit card number and a signature. I have stayed in hotels all over the world and I personally find this the norm. Anyway my wife and I found the hotel exceptionally clean and welcoming. The staff couldn't have been more friendly and polite. We stayed in room 402 which had a tremendous view of the (top third!) of the Eiffel Tower. With the room windows open there was a lot of noise from the street below but we knew this before we booked the hotel after reading reviews on this site. The noise is almost completely gone with the double glazed windows closed. (I had originally requested a room overlooking the (quiet) courtyard, but my wife and I were glad to have been given room 402 purely for the views outside of the tower and parisienne life going by). One thing you must try is the room service continental breakfast. For 12 Euros each (approx 拢8) it is immense. We took the bread and pain chocolat out later in the day and lunched on it saving us from buying another lunch. As other earlier reviews state there is an abundance of restaurants and other eateries within a short walking distance but we found that by using some of the smaller ones down the side streets you will save money without compromising quality, this is true for both food and drink. On our last afternoon we had coffee in the hotels' courtyard and it is extremely quiet. (If you require a quiet room then make sure you ring the hotel and confirm you have been allocated one overlooking the courtyard. It REALLY is quiet) The metro Ecole Militaire is only 30 metres from the hotel and offers you a link to the whole of central Paris. We didn't really notice the underground noise from our room. On arrival you can purchase a 'Paris Visite' travel ticket from any station counter. These can be for 1,2,3, or 5 days and cover travel on Metro, bus, RER and coach. Make sure you buy the one covering the zones you want to use. E,g zones 1-3 cover central Paris whereas zones 1-8 will get you back to the CDG airport via RER. (See this link for more info) -------------------- The 'Paris Visite' ticket also has discount vouchers for a number of attractions. Another must for tourists are the river cruises. Bateaux Parisienne or Batobus can be taken from the base of the Eiffel Tower and for approx 10 Euros the trip will give you good views of a number of well known sights. When out and about on the Champs Elysees area watch out for the Japanese tourists who ask you to buy designer goods for them. They will give you hundreds of Euros and follow you to (Luis Vuitton for example) to buy special edition items. These items are usually sold as a maximum of one per customer. The designer outlets are on to this and, after questioning you about if you've been approached in the street by someome, will often refuse to sell you items unless you pay with your own credit card. It is very rare that I ever stay in the same hotel twice as I like to try different ones but if I did stay in the same area of Paris again I would use the Le Walt.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed review of Le Walt - Mostly positive I have never left a review like this, but since I relied so much on them when planning our trip, I thought it was only fair to leave my own. I agree with many of the previous reviews regarding this hotel. The rooms are on the small side (think the width of a small queen bed plus a few feet), they are pretty clean but certainly not perfect, and are quite comfortable in terms of the bed and bathroom. If your goal is to have a big spacious room then this is not the place for you. The location is the big draw to this hotel in my opinion . . . being able to see the Eiffel Tower out your window and walk to it in 10 minutes is amazing. Plus having the Metro stop right outside your door is very convenient (we did not plan on using the Metro a lot, but it was so easy and cheap that we used it quite a bit). The street that it's on is moderately busy but not too busy in my opinion. It has everything that you could want right outside your door . . . many cafe options, a small grocery store for supplies across the street, and several nice shops right around the hotel. My mixed reviews concern the staff. They were extremely nice and friendly both in helping with the planning of our trip and during our time there. Almost all of the staff spoke perfect english, and were always available to answer questions. My biggest complaint would be that they didn't always seem to have the insider knowledge that you would hope to get when paying for a hotel in this range. Often times they relied on a Google search for our questions that I would think they would have more knowledge of. If you have a good handle on knowing what you want to do and are not looking for a lot of guidance from the hotel then I don't think this is an issue, but if you are looking for a good support system while in Paris I would be a little careful. Overall we had an amazing time in Paris, and I was quite pleased with the hotel. I certainly would consider staying at the hotel again, but left with a feeling of wanting just a little bit more from the staff.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Petefig
<Content>walt welcome My wife and I have just returned from 4 nights at le Walt Hotel. It was a great experience. The room was clean, comfortable, plenty big enough, light and airy. Everything worked - the airconditioning was very efficient, the bathroom was excellent, the staff obliging without being pushy. Location is wonderful being withing easy walking distance on the Eiffel Tower. Unfortunately our room - 503 - was at the back and doesn't have a view of of the Eiffel Tower but it was very quiet. We found excellent restaurants within easy walking distance - we followed the advice of the Rough Guide and never had a bad meal. The closeness of the Metro makes it very easy to get to all the usual sights and to and from the airports. We bought a 5 day Paris Visite ticket that is valid for the Metro, RER rail and buses. So easy to use.We thoroughly recommend this hotel and will stay there again when we return to Paris.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BLUEEYES65
<Content>Great Experience! My husband and I just spent 8 nights at the Le Walt. The staff at the hotel was great. All requests were quickly and graciously granted. Our room was small, but clean and very comfortable. Bathroom was great for both showers and baths. The beds and pillows may be the most comfortable I have ever slept on in a hotel. They made arrangements for us for tours. They arranged for a taxi back to CDG during AM rush hour, which is truly a feat! I ate breakfast every morning at the hotel. I found the convenience and the quality of the coffee and food to be worth the 12 Euros. Our room had a view of the Tour Eiffel and the Avenue de la Motte Picquet. It could be a little noisy, but being able to see the Tour Eiffel and watching Parisian life on this busy street made up for the noise. We had plenty of room in the mini-bar for our own supplies. We had free internet in the room. The location was perfect. The Metro right outside the door. A taxi stand around the corner. A short walk to the Tour Eiffel and the Hotel des Invalides. We used the Batobus for transportation on many days. It was cheap and a better view than the Metro. You can find it at the bottom of the Quai at the Tour Eiffel. The 7th district (where the Le Walt is located) is one of the most affluential neighborhoods in Paris. We really enjoyed just walking around the neighborhood. Lots of restaurants and stores. Most of the buildings are the original Haussman style buildings and quite beautiful. It is also very safe. I walked around by myself on several occasions and felt safe. Usually, I am a big chicken!! My advice for going to Paris: Don't expect the French to be mean to you. This trip just reinforced what I already knew: People will treat you the way that you treat them. I found the Parisians to be very friendly. WEAR COMFORTABLE SHOES! I cannot stress this enough. You will do a great deal of walking in Paris. Anyhow, I found that the Parisians dress much more casually than I was lead to believe. Overall, our trip was great!!! Much of this was due to the wonderful Le Walt and the wonderful neighborhood it is in. I am planning to return to Paris in a few years with my sister and will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Walt(z) to another hotel... The Walt has managed to capture the American audience but with it's policy driven approach to service, I'd like to suggest that it's not all that French. We've spent years traveling in France and have stayed in all types of accommodations but this is the first one ever to ask us to complete a lengthy registration form - despite the fact that the first night was already paid for due to an advance booking. Most hotels simply ask for your last name, it's a refreshing change from the American system and one that operates on respect and honor. The rooms and breakfast area were eye catching, but our bed spread and the pillows were so dirty that we didn't want to touch them! Our deluxe room rumbled until the wee hours with the noise of either the metro or the elevator ( perhaps both). The staff really thought they were something special but failed to add one tread of ambiance or warmth to the hotel (except the sweet young woman from Le Puy). Paris has so many wonderful hotels, and we look forward to staying in one of those in the future.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Kevinruskie
<Content>Great hotel The rooms in this hotel are typically on the small side. That said in keeping with the rest of the hotel they have resently been completely refurbished to high standard. The staff and service was superb and friendly. Very good location.We were impressed.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>recentlyretired
<Content>Brilliant Hotel; Brilliant Staff My friend and I recently stayed at Le Walt and we were really pleased with our choice. The decor is elegant and light, and our bedroom, although not on the front as we had asked, was spacious and tastefully furnished. The breakfast was substantial and served by a very cheerful young lady. They even had Earl Grey tea for my friend!The staff were very helpful with a serious problem. My friend left her bag in the Shuttle with credit cards, money, phone and (worst of all) her passport! Marie on the desk rang around the police, embassy etc to find out where we had to go and then gave us a map with everything marked on it. We then spent a lot of time reporting the loss and getting a replacement passport. Tres complique. Not to be recommended when you are only there for 3 days! Fortunately, I speak French so was able to explain to the police etc but it was still very stressful and expensive (several metro journeys and 拢70 for a new passport at the British Embassy!) Quel rip- off!The position of the hotel is ideal. The Tower is quite close and we went to the Champ de Mars each night to watch the sparkly lights on the hour. Quite beautiful! So I would recommend Le Walt to anyone You might get a better deal booking directly with the hotel. I noticed that their rack rate was better than what we paid via Paris Direct. That surprised me.I would certainly go back!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TravisD
<Content>Enjoyed the Le Walt brief report, but the hotel was very nice, up to date rooms on the typical smaller side. A smaller hotel with great service. Stayed on the 3rd floor I think and if you really worked at it you might hear the metro beneath. Several nice bistros in the area; very nice local market street in the area. Convenient to metro and the eiffelexcellent value for the money  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yma7956
<Content>Loved le Walt       Hotel from the top of the Eiffel Tower  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loving Le Walt My wife and i stayed at Le Walt for a week in early May and just loved it! The staff were absolutely great, and tried to help out with whatever we needed. The rooms are quaint and small, but everything was clean and new. It is a 30 second walk away from the Ecole Militaire metro stop... and you can get anywhere from there... We tended to walk a lot, and it was a great home base for the week. There is a market across the street to grab whatever you need, and it is a block away from rue Cler where the market takes place on Saturdays. Overall, i think it was great and wouldn't hesitate going back again...  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TNGirl
<Content>Great location, excellent service My mother and I stayed at the Le Walt in August. We booked the room through Expedia and had no trouble with the hotel honoring our reservation. The room was spotlessly clean and charmingly decorated. The beds were very comfortable and the linens were crisp and clean. Paris was not very hot the week we visited but the hotel's a/c worked properly whenever we needed it. The bathroom was clean and modern, and included a towel warmer, a hairdryer, plush towels, and very nice toiletries (including a loofah mitt). Bathrobes were available on request. The mini bar was fully stocked but there was plenty of room for us to keep our own beverages inside. Housekeeping did a great job of cleaning up the room promptly every day. The hotel has 15 dvds (most with the option of playing in English) which are available to check out free of charge. Several English channels were available on the television.The Ecole Militaire metro station is 10 steps from the door of the hotel, making metro travel very convenient. The Rue Cler is a block away from the hotel, and this is where we went most mornings to pick up picnic supplies and have coffee at one of the cafes, as there are many shops on this street (cheese shop, olive oil store, meat shop, Italian food shop, boulangerie, grocery store, etc). The 7th arr., where the hotel is located, was quiet compared to many of the other areas of Paris we visited, but we never felt unsafe or threatened. There is not much nightlife close by, but this makes for a better night's sleep!The hotel staff always welcomed us with a smile and were eager and willing to help. When my mother lost her passport on our last day, the woman at the front desk made many phone calls for us, helped us call the U.S. Embassy, called a taxi for us, and allowed us to make some long distance phone calls free of charge. Thanks to her help, my mother got a replacement passport and we still made it to the airport in time for our flight home! The Le Walt was perfect for our stay in Paris and I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>peak_46
<Content>Just Brilliant!! I can't add to much much to the last comments. Just had a fantastic weekend stay there. The location could not be better with the metro stop just outside. The staff when we needed them (which wasnt often) were just great. I'd recommend going out for breakfast only because its so nice to watch the world go by. Take a stroll to the Dome cafe which is just off the avenue looking up to the Eifel Tower.The restuarant outside the hotel serves a great mixed grill too! I would recommend this as a really ideal hotel for a short break, immaculately clean, well decorated and superbly positioned.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MeganQ
<Content>Wonderful Le Walt       Hotel Le Walt from the outside  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrBedframe
<Content>Fantastic Stay at a Great Price but be Careful       Le Walt from the front  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JulieNotts
<Content>Best ever! This must be the best hotel I've ever stayed in. The staff met us at the door to take the luggage and quickly booked us in. The room was quite large by Paris standards, nicely decorated and with a huge bed. The bathroom was modern, well equipped and spotlessly clean, as was the whole hotel. Breakfast was excellent and the service great - all the staff have very good English and seem genuinely anxious to please without being intrusive. The metro is just outside the door and if you get a room high up you have a view of the Eiffel Tower which is about 5 minutes walk away. This is not a cheap hotel, but worth every penny. I'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watch out for the Bait and Switch We booked the Le Walt through Expedia after extensive research. The location seemed ideal, with the Rue Cler around the corner and the Metro right outside the door. We arrived to be told that the previous occupants of our room trashed it and that the painters had to be called in. I had read reviews of other hotels doing this, but was still somehow not prepared for it. We were told that we now had a reservation at their sister hotel, which according to the young woman behind the counter was just 50 meters from the Le Walt. I might not be an MIT professor, but the Marquis Hotel is much farther than 50 meters. While the quality of Le Marquis was fine, it was not what I had booked. When we arrived at Le Marquis - not nearly as charming or well-situated an area, there was another group of people checking in that had been bumped as well. That must have been some party at the Le Walt. I will not book at this hotel when I return to Paris.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent what can you say - excellent hotel - ask for a 6th floor room and get a view of the eiffel tower at night - brilliant. Rooms smallish - but not too small, bathrooms ultra modern decor and paintings in room nice touches.staff superb - metro right outside the door. Paris isnt cheap - but your not going for cheapness!stay here for a real treat.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>braids01
<Content>Great place to stay We just returned from a four night stay at the Hotel le Walt in Paris. The first thing we noticed was the friendliness of the front desk staff. Their English was excellent. They were very helpful guiding us to the various attractions that we wanted to see. The room was of nice size with a small desk and two chairs with a small table. There was a very nice bathroom. My only complaint is the airconditioning would not go below 24 degrees. We would have preferred it to be cooler. However, the streets were not noisy at night and we could have left our windows open without a problem. This is in the Rue Cler area which is a favorite of Rick Steves. It has about everything as far as food markets. The Effiel Tower was about a four block walk through a park. The metro was right outside the front door. It you want a four star hotel, I would recommend this without hesitation.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sue098
<Content>loved this hotel stayed at this hotel for four nights it was our silver wedding anniversary the hotel is excellent and the staff are so friendly there english is exceptional it is ten minutes from the eiffel tower and the metro is just outside there are a number of bars and eating places near by which are not expensive. this was our first trip to paris and we loved it  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleased with our choice We recently stayed at the Le Walt for 5 nights during our first visit to Paris. As others have mentioned, the hotel is in an extremely good location whether you're walking or using the Metro/bus. We asked for an received a room with a view of the Eiffel (at least the top third of it). Not too many visitors can lay in their beds and see the Eiffel's twinkling lights at night. The room was very comfortable and the staff was friendly and helpful (just don't rely on the weather forecast from Jeremy! ha-ha). We were also there during the big thunder/hail storm in late June and had some water leaking from the ceiling and running down the wall. The hotel offered to move us to their sister hotel nearby, but we decided to stay and were glad we did. The rain and leak stopped shortly after it started and we had no further problems. Our air conditioner had a small problem, but it was quickly repaired. The market across the street is convenient and there are many great places to eat within a short walk. Le Motte Piquette is indeed a busy street, but the rooms/windows are well insulated and noise was not a problem. We had a deluxe room on the 5th floor. We would recommend the hotel for first-time and returning visitors. Tourist-friendly boutique hotel  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply adored it! Stayed with my wife at Le Walt for five days during Xmas holidays 2004 and simply adored it. Booking was easy and efficient over the phone, credit card was only charged upon leaving the Hotel, no hidden extras whatsoever. Staff was mostly polite and helpful, room (the deluxe one we stayed in) was spacious for Paris, designed in a warm and fashionable way and the bathroom was really nice. The location is ideal as the Eiffel Tower is 10 minutes walk and the Metro station is less than one minute away on foot - practically right outside the hotel. I won't recommend the breakfast though, because it was nothing special, just a simple continental one. It's better to have breakfast at a cafe or buy a croissant or two from a bakery that's close to the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Joski69
<Content>Nice Hotel....I think First visit to Paris so I have no point of reference for lodging comparison. The hotel was in a great location - close to restaurants, local market with laundromat, great cafes and local shops and still only 10 minute walk to Eiffel Tower. The room was a little tight with luggage but not any more so than in other EU countries we have visited. Bathrooms were very nice, spacious and modern. Our room was on the 2nd floor right above the cafe out front. Of course we tried to move but the hotel was full. With the windows closed, the noise was really not an issue. Air conditioning in the room was not the greatest - one shower would change the temperature of the whole room.Staff was accommodating and helped with anything you needed. We did not eat or drink at the hotel and actually did not see a single person dining day or night for 4 days. Housekeeping did a nice job of keeping the room clean and restocked. No turndown service so you will need to call for clean towels if you use them after maid service.Booked through Venere (EU equivalent of Hotels.com) at $225E per night. Hotel rates were posted at about $50E more per night in the lobby. Hard to say whether or not this was a good rate for Paris but I for some reason I feel as though we overpaid for what we got.I am not able to place a finger on what it is about Le Walt that prevents me from going to 5 stars as many others did; will have to rate it above average with no previous experience in Paris to compare. This hotel no doubt will suffice for most travelers needs but I would likely try another hotel when I visit Paris again.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Heppster
<Content>Le Walt is Le Wonderful! Stayed at Le Walt for a couple of days while on a business trip to Paris. We liked it so much we ended up staying there on our own for 4 days of sightseeing after the 'business' part of the trip. It is not for everyone as it is not a North American chain hotel. If you have stayed at boutique style hotels and enjoy the smaller size and getting to know the front desk people and asking whats in the neighbourhood to see and do, then you will love le Walt. Speaking of neighbourhood, the hotel is in a great location, minutes to the Eiffel Tower and all of its surrounding parks, as well as river cruises, etc. There is also a Metro (subway) stop a few steps away. If you like to walk (and I suggest this as one of the best ways to experience Paris), it is only about 15-20 minutes to the Louvre and all of the attractions around the area. The front desk staff are TERIFFIC (and all speak excellent English - for those who do not speak French)!! Also, they will readily arrange taxis, sightseeing trips or anything else you are looking to do in Paris. They have a lovely continental breakfast for 12 Euro that includes cereal, coffee, cold cuts and of course fresh French bread. If you find this a little pricey (nothing in Paris is cheap!) then you can cross the street and grab some items in the little grocery store or you can stroll the lovely neighbourhodd where we found a full breakfast for 5-7 Euro or grab a croissant and coffee at the boulangerie steps away. There are many cafes on the corner and all offer typical cafe fare with reasonable prices (remember you are in Paris- Coke will cost more than wine! So have some wine!). The rooms are well appointed with firm beds and a desk. If you are on business (like we were) or you just can't seem to leave your laptop behind they have FREE internet access in the rooms. This was very convenient to keep in touch with those back home and e-mail some pics. The bathrooms have excellent showers and added touches like towel warmers and high end bath products. All in all, I would highly recommend the hotel for both its fantastic location and great service.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	-1	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sister Hotel just as good! Unfortunately the night before our arrival, Paris had suffered huge thunderstorms and rain - causing a flooding problem in our room. Without hesitation, we'd already been booked into the sister hotel, Le Marquis, 5 mins down the road, and a taxi took us there. The 4/5 rating is only because I can't comment on actually staying at Le Walt, but the hotels are identical - and the staff were friendly and extremely helpful and proactive in dealing with the problem. I was extremely impressed with the decor when we arrived.I've written a review for Le Marquis too. It was very well appointed, rooms very comfortable, with a fabulous patesserie 2 doors away - perfect Pain aux raisin for breakfast! Both hotels are in a great area of Paris, and we enjoyed a stroll to the Champs De Mars (Park by Eiffel Tower) every evening - a fantastic atmosphere. Enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	-1	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gordon78
<Content>Great little hotel We stayed in the Hotel Le Walt for 4 nights whilst on an easter break in Paris this year. We booked through Expedia as a package of flight and hotel and this seemed to be the cheapest way to book the hotel. Our room was through a small courtyard on the ground floor, which made us feel quite seperate from the other rooms which we liked. The room was a reasonable size and very nicely decorated. The bathroom was very modern. The location of the hotel was excellent and the girls at reception were very friendly and helpful if asked. We thought the hotel overall was really nice and will most likely stay here again if we return to paris.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb! My wife and I stayed at Le Walt for 3 nights and we found the hotel to be excellent. Our room was well equipped and comfortable with views of the Eiffel Tower. Some previous reviews mentioned noise which we did experience from traffic but when in the middle of a city what do you expect! We took breakfast one day which we actually found to be reasonable when compared with some neighbouring cafes where you don't get a coffee refill! It is located in a great area away from the usual touristy districts yet within easy reach of the major sites by either the Metro (station outside hotel) or a walk. The area has a villagey feel, especially down Rue Cler opposite where you will find great food shops and some excellent restaurants. Good place to build a picnic! Along Rue St Dominique at the end of Rue Cler take either a left or right by the church and you will find good places to eat. We tried Fontainne du Mars (?) on the left, fountain outside in small square - superb!! - not cheapest but worth it when in Paris. On the right was Restaurant Thomieux - again excellent and non touristy. You don't get pictures showing what they serve but all speak English if your stuck! Stay here and get a feel of real Paris - I am sure you will not be disappointed!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming and elegant We fell in love with Paris in a big way, and the Hotel Le Walt especially. It instantly became our home. It is so pretty and elegant and yet it was so warm and inviting. That feeling came from the wonderful people working there. Every pass through the lobby or peek in the garden was met by someone saying hello or asking us how we were doing. And when we wanted to check the next day's weather or try to find someplace (often), everyone gave us their undivided attention and jumped in to help. (Eva, you're the best!)We were on our honeymoon in April, and asked for a view of the Eiffel Tower. Wow! We were so lucky to be on the 5th floor with balconies and a perfect view. Each night we felt like we had our own private light show of the Tower and tried never to miss it. But the walk is so close that we just strolled there too.Be sure to check out the neighborhood. The Rue Cler has fun food shops, Fauchon is a cool gourmet food store right down the street, and the supermarket is a little better price-wise where you can get some nice snacks and picnic foods. Also be sure to get the regular orange Metro card (I think it's 15 Euro for a week vs. 26 for three or five days on the visitor pass.)  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>leannemc
<Content>Lovely hotel - great view       The view from the room  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>April in Paris....... We'll be back.....   showReview(3389725, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>briandarley
<Content>This was one great place!       Great Fridge  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good use of small space.......   showReview(3338787, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tubafor
<Content>Scored great brownie points with my wife!   showReview(3312540, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Izzyk
<Content>Fabulous hotel with great staff   showReview(3309951, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TravellingMunro
<Content>A Cool Little Number!   showReview(3307776, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cholt
<Content>Fabulous but...   showReview(3230669, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nick_Law_2004
<Content>Perfect!   showReview(3223992, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Romantic Le Walt, Paris.   showReview(3195273, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nina1
<Content>Great hotel in Paris   showReview(2811042, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ParisCharlie
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel, tr猫s bien plac茅   showReview(18451026, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fabulousfredParis
<Content>Tr猫s bon service pour un charmant boutique h么tel   showReview(17659748, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sourire67
<Content>Retour au 7猫me   showReview(5909193, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nettes Boutiquehotel mit kleinen Schw盲chen   showReview(5458929, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

