<Author>DoctorLogistics
<Content>Perfect wedding night, impeccable service All the credit in the world to the outstanding staff at the Boston Harbor Hotel. We had booked a special promotional rate that included breakfast for just $250, and I've seen other promo rates here lately for as low as $232. That's how much a Holiday Inn in Boston goes for in the summertime, so if you're looking for a romantic urban weekend getaway then this is the place.We were upgraded to a honeymoon suite, which was enormous, with a gorgeous view of the harbor. We were also delighted to find a complimentary bottle of champagne and chocolate-covered strawberries.But what really made our stay was the truly outstanding service throughout the hotel. It seemed as if every single person working there knew that it was our wedding night and went out of their way to congratulate us, but without being obtrusive. And when I say everyone, I mean everyone - the doormen, the valets, the bellhops, the front desk staff, the waiters.We wanted somewhere really special for our wedding night, and several people told me that the BHH is in a league of its own when it comes to 5-star hotels in Boston. They were right.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>finewineexpertskier
<Content>Wedding Weekend - unforgettable I booked the Boston Harbor Hotel the weekend I got married. I was the only bride that weekend (December is a great month to get married). The suite was on a corner of the building, offering panaramic views of the harbor. The spa was beautiful, the staff amazing, and the room out of this world.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>andye70
<Content>The Staff, The View and The Room.... Great!!!       Our view out the room...West  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sla_ma
<Content>A great stay! A wonderful experience. Fabulous views and location, wonderful dining, very attentive staff, and excellent business and conference services. We come every year for a business retreat and can't wait to return.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JMK36
<Content>Nice but overpriced Very nice hotel, but not quite worth the price. Room service was especially good--quick and excellent food. I also appreciated the Penhaligon's bath products (Penhaligon's is a really high-quality and expensive brand of English toiletries). Minor quibbles include no Kleenex in the room (only in the bathroom) and windows not as clean as they should be. I'm quite sure there are hotels in Boston that are only slightly less good and charge about half as much for a room.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>jwilsonssandg
<Content>Best of the Best This hotel cannot dissapoint you! I am a very particular when I travel and I was not disappointed one time. I booked directly with the hotel. The reservationist knew the available rooms and helped me choose one to fit my request. The room was just as she said! We had the breakfast package and used room service each morning. The food was excellent, hot and delivered timely. The view of the Harbor was fantastic. We had the 5 course dinner with the wine pairing at the Meritage. Outstanding!! The bed was very comfy, the bathroom great (a curved shower curtain rod prevented the attack of the curtain), the sitting area comfortable, and the views awesome! THe concierge was the best , check in and greeting awesome. We walked everywhere as the hotel was close to shopping, historical sites and Banknorth Gardens. Don't forget to eat at a Mom  Pop restaurant in the North End...Boston's Little Italy. This was our first trip to Boston and we cannpt wait to return!!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Petermunzi
<Content>The Best of Boston I travel 60% on business and 40% for pleasure and when I travel to Boston on either I make it a point to try to get Boston Harbor Hotel. The rooms are always perfect and the concierge somehow always seems to know my name. The check in and out process takes seconds. The staff is very professional. The only negative about staying here has nothing to do with the hotel but more with the logistical nightmare of Boston traffic and trying to get around this city. I find it easier to take a taxi everywhere and leave your car parked in the garage.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>abbeylanepam
<Content>Fabulous Hotel and Service We stayed at the Boston Harbour Hotel from Nov 8 - 11th. What a wonderful experience. The hotel is situated right on the water and the view of Boson Harbour is beautiful. It is in a great location only a few minutes walk from Fanheill Hall, Freedom Trail and shopping. The hotel itself is exceptional - the room is very elegantly done and there is everything you need. The room attendants are very accommodating and pleasant. They do a turn down night service and restock your room with bottled water. It reminded me of being on a cruise - every employee you met spoke to you and went over and beyond to please you.We ate breakfast in the main restaurant as well as one dinner meal. The food was fabulous and again the service beyond. The dinner meal was as good as any fine dining restaurant we have gone to. I can only imagine what their fine dining restaurant is like.It is a fabulous hotel and it is easily noticeable that customer satisfaction is their number one priority.Can't wait to visit Boston again and stay for another pampering weekend.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>havaneserule
<Content>Spectacular views Of all the hotels in Boston, this is the best. We've stayed at the 4 Seasons, Taj, Ritz, etc. and will now only stay at the Boston Harbor Hotel. Our lovely suite had a fabulous view of the harbor through nearly floor-to-ceiling windows. The beds were very comfortable, the linens first class, the staff (especially our bell hop, Jose) extremely accomodating. From check in to check out, service was exceptional. The location was perfect, since we planned a boat tour of the harbor and the ferry terminal is steps from the hotel (ferries also there for Logan Airport and Provincetown). A short stroll took us to Faneuil Hall marketplace with all its shopping and restaurants - the place to be on a warm fall day. We dined in the hotel restaurant Friday night - the unusual menu was interesting (tapas style but bigger portions) and service very good. However, there are better restaurants in Boston (Excelsior to name one). Still, a fine meal if you want to dine in. If you are travelling to Boston and want the best - you can't go wrong with the Harbor Hotel.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BostonAdrianne
<Content>Wedding Night        Harbor View - Night  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>GHNWEngland
<Content>Good hotel but not great VFM We didn't get off to a good start because the hotel messed up our booking and it took over an hour to sort the room we had pre-booked. The room we had, complete with harbour view was OK but the bathroom was small with no separate shower. For the price (over $700 per night) we would have expected a bigger bathroom with separate shower. The breakfast buffet was very good, as was the location for getting into the city. Staff attentive and gave good service.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	5	2	4	5	

<Author>FredTravelVa
<Content>Six Star Experience The Boston Harbor Hotel is quite possibly the best Boston Hotel. The rooms are very luxurious, spacious and well-appointed. The hotel is classy and the room are also very quiet. Staff is polite, well-mannered, and attentive.Bathroom, bed, sitting area -- all was perfect.Not a single complaint.Six stars in Boston.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RPaulus
<Content>Great location...old world Feel... Just a one night stay at the modern old-world hotel. Room was nice albeit smallish. Enjoyed the location right on the waterfront! Staff was pleasant and attentive. No problems at all.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Marcia2222
<Content>Wonderful view, wonderful place, wonderful people!       The hotel from our boat cruise view  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>richardBoston
<Content>What a great hotel My wife and I stayed at Harborside Hotel for a wedding this pass weekend. My,was I was empressed with the staff from checking in to house cleaning to the wait staff at the restaurants. We had a wonderful dinner at the Meritage on friday nite. We both ordered the Chefs tasting and Wine Pairing. What a wonderful experiance with a wonderful view of the Harbor. I would highly recommend this hotel for a romantic weekend.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>southms
<Content>Very nice hotel We stayed here August 7-13 with our two older children. We had a beautiful suite with a terrace overlooking the harbor. If you can possibly manage it, book a room with a balcony overlooking the harbor. The view was unbelievable. The employees were very service oriented and attentive. The location is within walking distance to a lot of places. Our rooms were clean and comfortable and every night they brought cookies and milk to the room which was unexpected but a nice touch. Two of the nights they had a band playing til about 10 pm down along the harbor directly below the hotel. I was able to sit out on the terrace to enjoy the music and it was wonderful but I think if I hadn't been able to do that, the noise would have bothered me. The only complaint I have is that we were not able to get the room as cool as we like. It was on the warm side sometimes, even after calling the engineer to have him check out the unit. I think the units are just not designed for real warm weather or that large of a space. Overall, it was a great experience.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>MusicWife
<Content>GREAT HOTEL Stayed at the Boston Harbor Hotel for a family wedding on August 9th. Drove up from Connecticut and from the moment we handed our car over to valet, it was a wonderful experience. We had called a few weeks prior to request an early check in and not only were we allowed to check in early, our room was upgraded. Staff was professional, friendly and accommodating. For instance, when I got to my room I realized I had left my cell phone in the car and valet got my phone and delivered it to my room. Other little touches were nice too - like the bowls of fresh apples that greeted you on every floor across from the elevators (they were filled with hard candies in the evening), to the doormen handing you chilled water as we left the hotel for home. Hotel was very clean and beautifully decorated. The wedding was held at the hotel as well (in the Wharf Room) and it was top notch. Food was excellent - beyond our expectations. Although we didn鈥檛 have a room that faced the harbor, we had a lovely view of the surrounding buildings and the greenway. The hotel was very quiet - we didn鈥檛 hear the usual slamming doors and running water that you do in some hotels. In a word the bed was DIVINE. The turn down service was nice and we enjoyed the complimentary slippers and use of the bathrobes during our stay. There is a water taxi at the hotel and for $10 a person the water taxi will deliver you across the harbor to Logan airport.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dhammer53
<Content>Upgraded to a Jr. Suite We booked a room at the BHH for a Thursday night in early August.Greeted by the valet and doorman.The front desk staff was efficient.When I was told that I had a city view room (this isn't a bad view by the way, even though I'm sure a water view is considered better), I asked about an upgrade to a water view room.I was told that none were available, but they could upgrade me to a Jr. Suite city view. It was an offer I couln't refuse. Room 831.14' and 3' entry hall (4.5 meters x 1 meter approx).Nice, spacious marble bathroom with good water pressure in the shower. There was a vanity/makeup area adjacent to the bathroom. 7' x 5'.The bedroom was decorated Laura Ashleyi-sh according to my wife. The pillowtop mattress was just right. Same for the pillows.Bedroom size was a normal 12' x 10' (4 x 3 meters approx).Separating the livingroom from the bedroom was an arch, so the LR and BR had no real separation. This area was 9' x 4'. The livinngroom was spacious and comfortable. 12' x 15'.If size matters to you, a Jr. Suite is the way to go.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GeeBeeUsa
<Content>No longer a 5 star hotel We had stayed here a few years ago and really thought it was a beautiful hotel. So, based on our previous experience, we decided we would stop over for two nights at the hotel before making our way to Cape Cod. The hotel is in a good location, but looks as if management is cutting corners. The hotel gets a great deal of traffic, and it shows. The room used for the breakfast buffet and evening cocktails is a bit shabby, overcrowded, and not that clean. Worst of all, and to our dismay, the hotel is pet friendly. Pets can be quite wonderful (we have our own), but please leave them at home! We booked two rooms for two nights (over $1,000 per night). One room smelled like a cat had been in it, and neglected to use the cat box! The other room had pet hair on the bed and all over the carpet! I do give the hotel credit for being responsive. We were given a small suite to replace the horrible smelling first room, and the room with pet hair was eventually better cleaned and clothes that had picked up pet hair were laundered by the hotel at no charge to us. But, it took a day and half before anyone at the hotel even admitted that it was pet friendly! We just kept thinking how strange it was that someone had an animal in their room! Really, is that what anyone expects from a so called five-star hotel? We spent so much time when we first checked in dealing with problems, that the entire stay was really ruined. Again, when we complained, the staff was helpful, but not what I would call overly apologetic for such unacceptable conditions.This hotel clearly is banking on the fact that its location on the harbor is enough to compensate for its shortcomings. And if you stay here, I recommend you ask for a room that hasn't accomodated animals!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	1	3	4	3	

<Author>06070tiffany
<Content>Boston's Best Hotel I travel to Boston several times a month for business and always enjoy staying at the Boston Harbor. The location is convenient and the views of the harbor are spectacular. During the summer months they offer live music at their wharf side bar. I usually book a Superior room with a harbor view at my company's corporate rate. As with hotels in Boston in general, the rooms are pricey. None the less, I like the rooms at this hotel because they are decorated with rich colors and beautiful fabrics. The beds are adequately comfortable (not exceptionally so) and the turndown service at night is a nice touch and the rooms are spotless. High speed internet access is on the slow side but reliable.Throughout I have found the service to be exceptional. Ron at the Concierge Desk is especially friendly and helpful. The Front Desk staff is efficient and accommodating.The business services are just what you'd expect from a hotel of this caliber. The business center is efficient and well staffed.All in all, although expensive, I would highly recommend this hotel to my friends and those traveling to Boston.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>LaJollaTraveler
<Content>Hotel gave our room away and put us in a sub-par hotel miles away I found a good online rate at the BHH website for what I had read was a top-notch hotel. We were looking forward to a wonderful multi-night stay during our trip to Boston, but when we tried to check in at 9:30pm, the manager came out to tell us that they were overbooked and there was no room for us there. GRRRR! Now, if I was traveling by myself, I would have been mildly irritated, but I had my spouse and 3-year old in tow and this did not go over well. On top of that, there was a terrific thunderstorm going on at the time and we had to navigate through unfamiliar streets in the dark during pouring rain. The BHH found us a room a few miles away, in a very inconvenient location for our sight-seeing purposes. Managment of the BHH said that this rarely happens, but the desk clerk at the replacement hotel said that it does indeed happen with the BHH with regularity.Another couple checked in after we started to walk away from the front desk of the BHH and were given a room key. At this point I was irate. The BHH desk clerk told me that the couple was part of a wedding party who had a guarantee on their rooms. Well, I had given a credit card number when I booked my room as well. Had I not showed up, my card would have been charged anyway. How is that not a guarantee on my end? My only guess is that because I got a very good rate via the BHH website, the hotel decided that I was a good candidate to give the boot to, in favor of a guest who was paying more $$.I've never been denied a room at a hotel before, whether the Ritz or Holiday Inn. If the BHH had decided to put me up in a comparable hotel, I'd probably be less perturbed, but as it is I am livid and would never, never try to stay there again.Since it appears to be a regular policy of the BHH to conduct themselves in this manner, then Traveler Beware!!!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>ad521
<Content>High expectations       Another view from our window  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	2	5	

<Author>PotterMoose
<Content>Disappointed       View from Room 1018  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>missattention2detail
<Content>Loved It! I have just spent a long weekend here and would go back in a minute.I believe the BHH is a privately owned hotel and not part of a large chain - you can tell!Staff - fabulous from concirge, bell boy, reception, breakfast staff all 1st class attitudes and happy to help.Room - large superior room overlooking Rowes Wharf - great views and beds oh so comfy.Restuarant - did not eat in the hotel apart from breakfast whci was 1st class even for a buffet, although you can order anything you like at no extra cost!The hotel is a 5 minute walk from De Quincy Market and 10-15 minute to the main shops uptown. Taxis are easy and cost effective.Leisure  Spa - swimming pool is a good size for swimming lengths and there is a good gym with t shirts/shorts available if you don't have your own. I had a massage which was good but I have to say the room was very stark and bland, with no candles or nice smells as you would expect but I got over it.I would definately stay here again  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JohnsFamily
<Content>Top quality hotel The hotel is very elegant. Every detail is perfect . Every part is clean. Staff very helpful and friendly. Room service is quick. Only ate lunch at the cafe which was very good. Great location, within walking distance of all sites. Location on wharf beautiful. Apples, candy and water great touch. Can't wait to go back to boston and the hotel. We were a family with a 16 year old and he loved it also.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SP103
<Content>Second that Fact: THE best hotel in boston This place, yes expensive, is the best hotel in boston. We booked the bed and breakfast package and it was simple stunning. I was concerned because I booked late I wouldn't be able to get a smoking room, but it was no problem. Our room had wrap-around windows of the harbor and the city, and it was simple huge! I booked the superior room, but I think it was the deluxe due to the size. The B and B package included valet parking, breakfast (in-room or at Intrigue) and late check-out. To me, its the combo of classic, modern and great views with superior service which wins. The view was awesome, just like the hotels website shows. A great view over the harbor, towards the airport, so a nerd like me with my laptop could ID which planes where taking off at the exact time. My fiancee really liked the comfy bed, and she was most impressed when I went out to the store she called guest services and asked where the ice machine was! Turns out its complimentary, and when the room service attendant arrived, they brought her chocolates and strawberries as a i'm sorry gift because she wandered the hall for 10 minutes looking for the ice machine. We went out for a while, then returned and found our room refreshed for turndown. They actually hung my pants and shirt! I was impressed. We ordered room service pizza which arrived in 22 minutes, exactly 10 minutes earlier than stated. It was really good. In the morning, we had breakfast at the restaurant, mainly avoiding room service because my fiancee wanted pancakes. The buffet was decent, a little lacking in service, however, I thought the food was above average. She was a little disappointed that there were no pancakes available, but she lived! Coffee was ok, not great which you would expect, but thats personal taste. The service here is amazing. Yes, it beats the only FS I've stayed at. I came downstairs looking for the coffee place, and the second I had a puzzled look on my face, two guest services people jumped on me and asked sir, may I be of assistance. Spend the money, like I did, for the romantic night. Or if you can afford it, spend the week if your visiting Boston.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Norwegianexpat
<Content>Fact: The best hotel in Boston My wife and I celebrated her 40th birthday at week-end at the Harbor Hotel. Being European ex-pats we have travelled the world and been to many a great 5 star hotel but the Harbor Hotel is in our opinion the best hotel we have been to in the US so far. The service is just outstanding but in a low key and not brash way. The critiques on this site speaks for itself and is very accurate. We can recommend this hotel for any couple wanting a romantic get-away-week-end. The food is very good but the view of the harbor and the servive level is magnificent. Try it!Wellesley, MA  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bobbyg63
<Content>Couples weekend Great place to stay for a couples weekend which we did with our neighbors last month. The front desk was outstanding as well as the overrall quality and cleanliness of the rooms. Also one can not beat the location of the hotel. Highly recommend this hotel for a weekend away.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>Mirthrindr
<Content>Highly Recommend for weekend of indulgence       Lobby view upon entering  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>hartss
<Content>Now this is how to do 5-star! The Boston Harbor Hotel is a bracing antidote to that all hotels are starting to look the same feeling I have had lately, especially in Boston. It is a fantastic hotel. The location is unbeatable. Its employees are gracious and very competent (great concierges). The public areas are extremely gracious and humanly scaled. Even the elevators are really nicely decorated. The entire building was spotless from top to bottom.I usually like contemporary hotels, but this hotel has taken very traditional decor and elevated it to include every modern comfort one can think of. I particularly liked the bed, one of the most comfortable in any hotel I have experienced, and the four-outlet charging station hidden behind a panel on the front of the top portion of the desk. Very clever. Also, the HDTV actually was HD, and had the full menu of networks most of us now have at home.Loved this place - hope it is available next time I have reason to be in Boston. It is awesome.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dennburr
<Content>A great hotel, even for only one night The Boston Harbor Hotel has always been one of my favorite hotels. It is expensive, but always worth the price. The service is superb - from first check in to the restaurants to the check out. Our room was upgraded, and it was so comfortable and clean. What a pleasure to stay here again. We can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MelWLincolnshire
<Content>Olde world charm close to the shops Fantastic location overlooking the harbor, which even in a snowstorm was spectacular. Very olde world, crystal chandeliers, ornate furniture, however bedrooms surpisingly modern. Stayed in an executive double which had a good sized seating area, and (bizarrely) one flat screen tv in bedroom area, and an old fashioned one in the sitting area. Good sized bathroom with dressing room attached. Nice (if rather dark!) bar, and food in bistro very good although menu did not change the five days we were there. Service was excellent, staff very polite and friendly without being familiar; very Bostonian! Easy walking distance to Faneuil Hall and downtown, and less than $5 by cab! Only real disappointment was that we were unable to get a slot for a spa treatment of any descriptioon the whole time we were there (5 days); seemed to be inadequately staffed. Overall though one of the best hotels I have stayed in in Boston.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>MNTraveller5
<Content>Class, comfort, and great location My young son and I stayed here for three nights while visiting Massachusetts for a family function. Usually we stay in a hotel closer to our relatives on the south shore; however, because I wanted my son to experience some of downtown Boston, we booked our room at the Boston Harbor Hotel. The location couldn't have been better -- we walked everywhere, but then again, Boston is definitely a walking city -- and we had a wonderful view of the city. (Most guests might want a harbor view room, but we live on a very large lake and my sons tend to be more intrigued by tall buildings and a busy downtown view when we're traveling.) We loved everything about the hotel, especially our beautiful and impeccably clean room and the fantastic service from every single hotel employee (front desk, concierge, doormen, valet, gift shop, room service, maid service, etc). Our only regret is that we didn't spend MORE time at the hotel, and in the wonderful city of Boston. We look forward to returning to the Boston Harbor Hotel.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kaytchinha
<Content>impeccable service, unique traditional style Walking into this hotel was unbelievably refreshing after the hapless amateur service I received at my previous hotel in suburban Boston. The minute the concierge addressed me I knew this hotel knew what it was doing. Every employee is truly helpful and gracious, without seeming put-on. It's just an amazing feeling to know that the hotel actually cares that you are there.The room decor reminds me of my grandparents and that's a GREAT thing-- the furniture is solid and of classic 1920s oriental style, which is very rare in this day of techno mod style that gets so boring after you stay in trendy hotel after trendy hotel. I loved feeling like I was stepping into an older time, without feeling like I was sacrificing any comfort or cleanliness. I had a junior suite with a city view-- kind of wish I'd upgraded to the harbor view, but oh well. The room is lovely.All in all there are just great vibes about this place. I will try to stay here again (though next time I might not be on business with my company paying the tab). But the I think the price is worth it for the great style and service.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chloegone
<Content>Absolutely loved this hotel My husband and I just got back from a three-day stay in Boston. He was there on business and I was a tag-along. We stayed at the Boston Harbor Hotel and it was fabulous!In my opinion, the accommodations were the best we have stayed in. This hotel far exceeds The Breakers in West Palm Beach or the Ritz-Carlton in Naples. The room was clean, huge and beautifully decorated. It had a large bathroom with a full-length mirror, large mirror and closet in the entry hall, king-sized bed, TV in the bedroom, sitting area with couch, chair, desk and another TV, and a large window overlooking the city. If it had a small kitchen, it could have passed as an efficiency apartment. We had a view of the city from our window. While the harbor would have been preferable, it snowed every day and was foggy. Therefore, we could not have seen much of the water. The hotel is located about three blocks from Quincy Market, Fanuiel Hall, etc. Since Boston is a walking city, I was easily within walking distance of the historical locations. If you are a man, skip this part. If you are woman, the toiletry items are Penhaligon's of London, Blenheim Bouquet fragrance. Really cute bottles, great fragrance.The staff was excellent. The doormen, the housekeeping staff, the front desk employees, room service, and the concierge were always more than ready to make our trip as wonderful as it was. Since Boston is such a great food city, I cannot comment on the food at the hotel, except room service one evening. It was well prepared and quickly delivered. In summary, I know there are so many hotels to choose from in Boston. However, I would highly recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>okalright
<Content>Will absolutely go back Great Hotel. Service was outstanding. We cannot wait to go back,as soon as possible.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Varsityhotelier
<Content>A Credit to Boston An elegant hotel in a splendid harbour location.Choose the harbour view room. Room we had was spacious, expensive decoration and furniture.Courteous and efficient staff in all departments and at every level we encountered.A small grumble that all hotels with mini-bars could heed - these mini-bars do not allow any space for your own preferred beverage you might have with you or for you medication that might need to be kept cool. The fridge was emptied on our request but we would just rather have a bigger fridge or less clutter in it - consider the guest first not just profits.Visitors to Boston have so much to see but if you can make the time do make the interesting trip to JFK Library. It is by the water in a stunning modern building. A very absorbing exhibit about JFK and family with lots of original artifacts, video etc. Well worth the effort to go out to the university area to see it.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Frilo68
<Content>The best experience yet We stayed at the Boston Harbor Hotel for three nights. We had a junior suite facing the harbor. This property is magnificent, and extremely well managed. Every single person who works in the hotel and with whom we interacted was extremely professional, knowledgeable and courteous.The room was well appointed and tastefully decorated. The bathroom was spacious and provided quality toiletries. Every time we needed any type of room service, it was fast and efficient. It was an overall superior experience.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AndrewW2
<Content>Very good hotel I normally stay at the InterContinental but it was full for two days of my stay so I tried the Boston Harbour. I was very pleasantly surprised despite some of the mixed reviews on the site. The hotel is very elegant and I believe marketed at a well heeled, older crowd. The furnishings 鈥?darker wood, elaborate carpets and Oriental furniture pieces suggested this to me. Late night check-in was painless with a bell man waiting to take my suitcase from the curb; check-in paperwork already pre-prepared and 24 hour room service if I was hungry. The room was nicely prepared for a midnight arrival with one lamp on; bed turned down and a nice stereo playing classical music. The room was very good and an interesting layout with a hallway, powder area leading to a bathroom and a separate living area. This layout gave a very large feeling to the room and it was shame I couldn鈥檛 enjoy it for a longer period of time 鈥?had no time to even sit in the living area. The room had a very nice flat screen tv; large clock radio with excellent stereo; an additional TV in the living area and was spotlessly clean. Biggest complaint about the room was the noise. The 鈥榟allway鈥?area within the room leading from the door is ceramic/marble. This conducts the noise very well from the doorway which is a relatively thin door with a gap. One can easily hear people passing in the hall and especially when doors are slammed. There were at least two occasions when I checked the door was actually closed! When someone was knocking at a neighbouring door I had to check that it was not my own. There was one occasion when I actually thought someone had entered my room but it was the noise of people moving in next door.Hotel gyms are important to me. This facility at the Harbour was quite good but definitely not as good as the InterConti. To start with the InterConti manages to keep its gym open 24 hours 鈥?not sure why the Harbour can鈥檛 do the same. They seem to have a large staff at the facility and perhaps staff cost is a reason but for your average business person, personal trainers and other advisors are not required. Equipment is good although a bit on the 90鈥檚 side but all had mini televisions hooked up. Lots of free weights and good stationary equipment but not the top of the line range. Main restaurant which is an upmarket caf茅 of some sorts was quite good for breakfast although a bit noisy. Serving staff was excellent and I enjoyed some privacy at the breakfast bar. Breakfast menu was very good and quite reasonably priced for a hotel at this level. I ate across the street at an Italian restaurant recommended by the Concierge 鈥?Umbria 鈥?very good. Nice change from hotel food which looked a bit poncy and over priced. Overall, an excellent hotel; great staff; free wifi in my room (either intentional or broken) was a very pleasant surprise 鈥?ironically, the more expensive a hotel is, the more likely they are to gouge you on wifi. Would definitely stay here again but the Interconti down the street is a bit more my style.I would like to have seen in room recycling and at least the illusion that the environement was cared for with a policy on towel on floor or hang-up option.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Granite_Stater
<Content>Very Nice and Well Managed My wife, two children and I stayed at the Boston Harbor hotel for one night, the day after Thanksgiving. All in all, it was terrific. The location is great. Nice water views, and easy walking access to many Boston downtown and tourist destinations. We shared one corner room on the top floor, which had great City views, a small patio, and a partial water view. The room was beautifully decorated and furnished - colorful curtains, elegant but comfortable chairs, good bed mattresses, a small dressing area, and reasonably spacious bathroom. Had a good breakfast at the waterview cafe restaurant on the first floor. We enjoyed the casual seating arrangement, which consisted of two easy chairs and a small couch in a U-shape around the table. The food was good- nothing extraordinary, but tasty nonetheless and a great setting. My kids loved the pool and hot tub. I've stayed at many hotels with pools, and thought this one was one of the best. It was much less hot and humid in the pool area than you usually get with an indoor pool. Nice temperature, lots of pool toys and kickboards available for the kids, but also lanes for adult swim. Very large hot tub. The staff were friendly and helpful throughout the hotel, from the bellman to the waiters and others as well. We have stayed at the Four Seasons on the Public Gardens, which is also very nice, but all in all I think the Boston Harbor Hotel is just as nice (or nicer), just as well managed, with just as good service, comparable views, and better rooms, for a better price.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>seabas1
<Content>Great Hotel and Location Stayed here for a couple of nights in November. Very well appointed and great staff. Good room with a great view. The water taxi to the airport is a big plus. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vlfrance
<Content>Convenient to Logan Airport and Faneuil Hall This is a very nice property. I stayed here for a conference and was given a room overlooking the water (I belong to the frequent guest club that the hotel belongs to) and the room was clean, very comforatable and nicely decorated. I appreciated the long hallway from the door to the sleeping area since it blocked some noise. I must say though that the plumbing from adjoining or nearby rooms was a little on the loud side. The staff I interacted with were very professional, helpful and pleasant. It is convenient to Faneuil Hall, but perhaps not readily apparent becasue of the various streets to be crossed to get there - it isn't particularly scenic out front of the hotel. But, Boston is small and a lot is walkable, or reachable in short order by cab. I would stay at this property again.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>jahl2001
<Content>Disappointed, not worth the price We were thoroughly disappointed. The hotel feels like it has passed its prime and seems to survive on high prices, misguided guests and large functions. When paying the prices that the hotel charges, you expect a certain level of luxury. However, the decor is chintzy and rough around the edges, as if trying to dazzle the customer so they gloss over the structure of the hotel, like poor paint finishes, slamming doors, elementary bathrooms, ageing bedroom furniture, antiquated TV/internet/entertainment systems and service that pretends to be high class. Admittedly the views are good and their spa is worth a visit, but you can enjoy either without staying a night. Avoid it -- unless you have too much money and no taste!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Luv2Travel6324
<Content>Boston Harbor Hotel - Amazing!       Gazebo on the water  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>symmie
<Content>Great hotel...we loved it and will go back The hotel was absolutely a delight, and the room (804), overlooking the harbor, in a perfect location. If there is a negative about the hotel, it is the very noisy doors. I booked months in advance and asked for the most quiet room possible since I have a sleep disorder. Our room was in the center hallway, by no means the most private area. Desk staff did attempt to reassign us the second day, but the rooms (2 we looked at) had obstructed views. The decision was made to put up with the noise from the banging doors which didn't prove to be a major problem. The first day of our stay, several children were in the room next door and in/out every few minutes, but the next day our neighbors were more considerate. There is a definite noise issue with the bang after each door closes, even if you try to pull it shut as gently as possible. I was told that the hotel is working on that problem. It would not stop me from staying there again, but certainly a consideration when booking.The location is perfect in our opinion. We had dinner out two evenings at the hotel restaurant while we enjoyed performances on the Blues Barge. This is seasonal entertainment and we were there with perfect weather (August 25-30). Staff was attentive and helpful. Our room, with a separate sitting area, was spotless. Free water and fruit each day. Well worth the extra expense for a harbor view.We were celebrating a very special anniversary and I was surprised that it was not mentioned by staff, etc. We didn't expect anything, but every year we visit a city to celebrate our anniversary and some hotels are very thoughtful about a special day. As a tip, I found that by booking directly via the hotel's website, I got a much better price than I could get from anywhere else. Several times, the cost fluctuated and by cancelling and immediately rebooking at the cheaper rate I saved $150 each night on our room. Takes time, but certainly a nice savings.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Spamstan
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Location A number of business colleagues and I stayed at the Boston Harbor during a conference. I hadn't stayed there in probably 10 years. My opinion then was that it was over rated. What a difference 10 y ears makes.I arrived from a red eye flight to find my room ready and waiting. The room was huge, with a decent work space, plenty of sitting space, flat screen TV, BOSE wave radio, and a comfy room. And a great water view. I was on a smoking floor but could smell no smoke.The staff is polite, friendly, and helpful. I showed up early in our meeting room and found no coffee. When I mentioned to a co-worker that I was doing OK for a guy who slept on a plane the staff person who was setting up our room offered to go find me some coffee, and showed up with a full pot. Location is great. Right on the harbor, walking distance to downtown, and on a great running route.The only issue I had was minor - the air conditioner was shut off when I arrived, meaning my room was about 75. I turned it on and left, only to return at the end of the day to find it off again. I later learned it's on an automatic shut off. As a result I was always too hot. Otherwise it was quite a pleasant experience.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mlp417
<Content>Best hotel I have stayed in (so far!) I stayed here for a business meeting Aug 07. All I can say is that it was one of the most beautiful city hotels I have ever stayed in. I compare this with The Lowell in New York (much smaller but just as beautiful). My suite was gorgeous-overlooking the water. The staff, the front desk, the food were all 5 star. I wanted to stay longer- now I want to go back with my family!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sugarmagnolia8
<Content>Best Hotel in Boston You cannot beat the location, service and aesthetics of this hotel. You will not be disappointed with your stay here.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zuba
<Content>Great, great place I have stayed in Boston harbor for 3 nights with my 2 kids. Regular room, although not that big, very clean, neat and comfortable. Excellent bed and bath. Stuff very helpful and is willing to do extra when asked. Location is also pleasant - it is right on the water with airport shuttle and 10 mins walk from South Boston Amtrak station.Highly recommend.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LiveT0Eat
<Content>FANTASTIC My company's meeting was held at the Boston Harbor Hotel where everything went swimmingly and everyone was dazzled by BHH. Many of us travel frequently so when someone remarked that they could not recall having stayed in a nicer hotel anywhere in the US, that is high praise. BHH's product is among the finest in the industry. The level of service was incredible. Although the hotel was sold out during the weekend we were there, it never felt overrun. I was impressed with the number of staff on hand and the timeliness of response on all fronts. From soup to nuts -- or should I say, from the daily bowls of apples to the evening bowls of candies -- the message throughout was WE ARE PAYING ATTENTION! Even though we had city not harbor view rooms, they were still spectacular. Rooms are outfitted with very nice furnishings, including Bose radios. For the evening turn-down service, housekeeping left bottles of water instead of chocolate and set out your slippers bedside, just some of the touches which will make you feel over the top pampered.Fitness center, pool and whirlpool are all well above average. BHH's location is within easy walking distance to Faneuil Hall, etc. not to mention that Sel de la Terre -- currently one of Boston's most highly rated restaurants -- is right down the street. Water taxi access from Logan Airport is a big plus; it was a lovely relaxing way to arrive.All of our meals were spectacular. We arranged for a private dinner one evening and also dined at Meritage. All the food brought in for our meetings was eye popping and delicious!The hard work of our long days of meetings was made easier by being cared for in such style. We cannot wait to go back.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Equity
<Content>Great Views and Location We just stayed here this past weekend and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Our 15th floor room overlooked Boston Harbor and had a panoramic view. The room was tastefully furnished and was quiet and comfortable. Amenities in the room were first class, but I did miss the presence of a coffee maker. The hotel itself is a great property in an area convenient to Fanuiel Hall, Quincy Market and the North End. It is easily reachable by car from I-90 and Logan Airport. There is a large, clean parking garage under the hotel. The staff are very professional and friendly. We will definitely stay here again next time we visit Boston.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>kjfiliault
<Content>amazing This hotel was beautiful, our room was wonderful had a 1 bedroom suite, beautifuly decorated and had a habor view and city view. The bed was wonderful and the service was amazing. The spa was very accomadating to a last min massage. Great location can walk to fanueil hall etc... cant wait to return next summer..  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Smith4Katy
<Content>Beautiful View!! The only thing I can say that we really hated, was we did not get to spend another few days in this hotel! We got to the Boston Harbor Hotel, and upon check in, we were told we were being upgraded to a room with a sitting area. We had booked a room with a harbor view, and what a pleasant surprise to learn the hotel was going to upgrade our room, without us even asking. When we got into the room, I think we were left speechless for the first time in our lives. The view of the Harbor from the 9th floor was incredible! If we thought the room was to die for, then we should not have been surprised to find the staff the same way. From the time the valet parked our car, to the check out the next day, the staff made us feel like royalty! We have never been to Boston, or any of the East Coast before, so it can be somewhat daunting to find your way around, and decide what and where you want to go. The Bellman first put our bags up, and then spent a good amount of time helping us get aquainted with the city. The concierge was also a huge help to us, and gave us some good advice on where to go when you have a limited time to be in Boston. I read every travel book I could get my hands on before we got to Boston, and I swear this concierge could have written his own book! The concierge staff at this hotel work 24 hours, literally. Since we arrived late in the day, we were tired, so we had room service delivered. They set up a table right next to the window overlooking the Boston Harbor, and all the lights. I do not think I have ever had a more romantic hamburger in my life! The room service was prompt, and the food was still hot. My husband and I were trying to get in as much as we could of Boston, and we were really pushing for time the day we had to leave. We were running late from sighseeing, and were coming up to the door of the hotel, telling the staff we had to be at the airport A.S.A.P.! The whole staff went into action to get us to the airport on time. The valet got our car quickly, and seeing how winded we were from running around, offered us bottled water for the road. The Concierge printed out directions to the airport, and the front desk checked us out at warp speed. We got to the airport in time, thanks to the hotels efficiency. The only things about this hotel that we were not crazy about, was getting to the hotel. It is difficult to get to, because of all the construction going on, but the hotel cannot help that. There was no noise in the room because of the construction. The other thing I thought could have been better, was that the bathroom did not match the elegance of the rest of the room. It was quite plain, with a regular white shower/tub. WIth these kind of rooms, service, and price, I really expected the bathrooms to be as luxurious as the rest of the hotel. We have talked about going back to this hotel again next summer. This time we would allow ourselves more time to enjoy the city, and this amazing hotel.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wobross
<Content>First Choice in Boston Nothing to much trouble , up graded on arrival to a junior suite , with great view . Menus refreshingly different and quality of service excellent ( although the posh restaurant was a bit snooty for my taste ) . Try the spa well worth a visit . Location - once you have managed to hand your car over everything is within reasonable walking distance .Well worth paying a little extra for for a hassle free stay .  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cswg
<Content>What a Wedding!!! If there was a rating over Excellent I would have checked that off. We attended a Fabulous Wedding in the Wharf Room on Friday 5/18/07. I can't tell you how beuatiful the room was. The candles around the window and the way the room was setup was outstanding. Whoever did the floral arrangements hsould be on the cover of your brochure or wedding package. The Linens and setting were over the top!!.....The Food and cocktail hour was wonderful. Best Wedding I have ever been to.Congrats.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	1	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>LFI
<Content>Wedding hall evaluation Our coordinator, Patricia (A.K.A. Trish) and she was wonderful. She was on top of things and walked us around and gave us a tour of the rooms we were interested in. Boston Harbor Hotel location is nice. The room we looked at (Atlantic room) had a nice view of the harbor and we liked it but it was not available on the date we wanted.Overall, hotel was nice and I enjoyed how Trish was on top of things and got back to us quickly on our requests. She was very clear when she was/not available and made sure appropriate things were looked after by others when she was not there.One bad thing about Boston Harbor Hotel is the tiny entrance. (I don't mean the big arch, but when you first walk into the hotel.) But once you are beyond the concierge desk, it is very spacious.I have also attended a party at this location, and I didn't like the entrance back then either. But the halls are really nice, and service was exceptional.From several times I spoke and one time I actually met with Trish, I really enjoy the hotel. I would give it 4.5 but since there is no such thing, I'll just give them a 5.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wimsey
<Content>Great Service but hotel needs a facelift The Harbor Hotel is a in a great location and has wonderful views in Harborside rooms. The staff were extremely helpful and attentive. We had our room upgraded at check-in, and the staff was very helpful when our cab driver overcharged us coming from the airport. In general we found all of the hotel staff very pleasant and efficient. The only concerns that I had with a hotel of this caliber was that the rooms were a bit worn looking. It is time for a facelift. Also, I would have preferred having an a la carte menu at breakfast in addition to the buffet. I don鈥檛 like to pay for a full buffet when I only have a bowl of cereal and coffee in the morning.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>belgiumcdn
<Content>Amazing       large rooms  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eddie2030
<Content>Great Location, disappointing stay This is a landmark Hotel in Boston and the location is excellent, unfortunately it is not worth to spend the $300+ for a stay.The furniture is old, and badly maintained. The matress needed to be replaced, the rooms are very noicy, unpleasant noice from the utilities all day long. The aisles are also very noicy, bad smell in the rooms. In a word, UNCOMFORTABLE. If you want to relax, be pampered, enjoy a comfortable bed and spend a quite night this is not the place for you. If you are attending a wedding or a function, and you are just staying overnight then it is a convenient place.The only thing worth mentioning is the awsome view of the harbor, otherwise forget it and spend you money wisely somewhere else.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	5	4	2	3	3	

<Author>Likeafinewine
<Content>Not a pleasant stay! My stay was horrible. The doors automatically slam shut and are so loud that 3-4 doors down the hall will WAKE you up; when showers/toilet used in other rooms it sounded like they were in my room. Room was dirty and needed work down. My jewelry was stolen and they wouldn't do anything about it. No coffee pots available in room; $8.50 for coffee each day is too much. Wedding party in next room up late fighting each night; hotel wouldn't do anything. When concert scheduled outside, restaurant wouldn't give preference to hotel guests who wanted to dine. Couldn't get cocktail outside without a table and not allowed to bring drink from inside hotel to outside. Filled out comment card and no one from hotel ever contacted me. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone! Especially with the rate I was paying, $260.00 per night.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>bostontravelgirl2006
<Content>Charming Hotel  The Boston Harbor Hotel was unbelievably charming and had the most outstanding service we have ever experienced. The harbor side hotel room was gorgeous and eloquent with a great view of the harbor. When we first checked in we were able to watch several sail boats right from our room window. It was beautiful.Faunal Hall was less than a $5.00 cab ride away and the restaurant choices are endless. The old saying you get what you pay for rings true when staying here. You may pay a little more, but it's worth it in service, style, comfort, and overall satisfaction. The staff goes beyond to make sure every need is met with complete sophistication and class.We will DEFINATELY be back for a visit to Boston and our hotel of choice is hands down - the Boston Harbor Hotel.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HighCom
<Content>Excellence has a new meaning - Boston Harbor Hotel I recently booked a small group at the Boston Harbor Hotel. I will admit that this particular group, although small in size, is extremely high maintenance and are generally a challenge to every hotel. There were many changes and special requests prior to arrival that required me to speak with hotel employees from several departments. My pre-arrival conversations and email correspondence were attended to timely and professionally but also with a refreshingly sincere friendliness. Upon arrival I was prepared for some of the numerous requests to have fallen through the cracks but every single thing I had arranged was in place. Additionally, the staff in the various departments followed up with me personally during my stay to ensure their particular departments were responsive to our needs and even suggested things I had not yet considered (talk about anticipating your guests' needs!). The hotel itself is lovely and located in an excellent location. The amenities are well above average and the restaurant alone is worth a flight to Boston, however, it was the warm reception each of my attendees received coupled with the consistent high level of service (from every single employee we encountered) that will have book ONLY at this hotel in Boston. Really an amazing experience.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CB90292
<Content>Fabulous Hotel       View of Boston Harbor  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>kiwikid
<Content>Fabulous Time after Time We have stayed at this hotel three times in the last year and I am always thrilled with the hotel: thrilled with the location, the service, the harbor views and lovely ambience. The first time we stayed here was October 2005 for about one week. From the moment we arrived I felt that the staff was genuinely concerned with our hapiness. Our two young children were given little stuffed animals upon check in and every one in the lobby remembered them whenever we went through. Joseph, one of the valets, asked us how we liked the cookies in our room upon arrival. When I mentioned they hadn't been there he sent up the cookies and milk for the kids along with a bottle of champagne for my husband and me. The room was a good size (I believe we usually stay in a deluxe harbor front). There was a sitting area in additon to the sleeping area. I did not think the furniture was very dated and I thought the bathroom was fairly good (not the Four Seasons Maui but come on how many really are). The bed was very comfortable and housekeeping was excellent.We ordered room service several times during each of our stays and it was always good. The gym and pool at the spa are very nice, excellent really. The service here is great as well.The thing about this hotel that just floors me every time is the service. The concierge is always great. They have arranged town cars at a moments notice, made and changed restaurant reservations without complaint and arranged fun outings to take the children on. Every one at this hotel seems happy to be working there. I have stayed many times at Ritz Carltons and Four Seasons throughout the country and the service here is, in my opinion, just as good and seems to be genuine, not forced or required.I am always surprised to read the poor reviews especially as we have had consistently good experiences over the year. We will be going back with our children this December to see the Nutcracker in Boston and I will be sure to update my review at that time.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Islandcpa
<Content>The Boston Harbor Hotel is full of those extra touches. The Boston Harbor Hotel is something else. If you ever want to know how the rich and famous get treated, go there. Of course, the rich and famous would probably feel more comfortable drinking their $5.00 bottles of water that were so fancy that they looked like perfume bottles. They were probably aware right away that we were not rich, after all, there were bottles of Dasani all over the room that we had purchased at the corner 7-11 for $1.00! I guess I should have tried one of theirs, just to see how good $5.00 water was.Unfortunately we are home now. We went into the bedroom last night and the maid had forgotten to turn down our bed, replace the bedspread with the comforter and lay out our matching slippers and robes. The bedroom was a mess, no one had straightened our piles of stuff all day! The radio had not been turned on to the classical station, so there was no classical sound to make us feel like we were elite or anything. Sometimes you don鈥檛 notice what is being done until you miss it.It always seems to be the small touches that are added that make a place really special. The attention to detail here is above and beyond the norm. And of course any hotel located on the water with a view this magnificent is one touch an island girl can already appreciate.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>threetenors
<Content>Good For Business I found the hotel very comfortable and ideal as a venue for meetings and for access to other parts of the city.The room was very spacious with a view over the harbour.The price was reasonable considering the location and convenience.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Paula71
<Content>Upgraded to Presidential Suite!!!!!!!!! Got married on the Odyssey on Boston Harbor in Oct 2001, and was willing to spend the $650 nightly room fee to stay that night for the convenience, and in preparation for my honeymoon travels the next day. In the process of my wedding planning, I befriended the concierge, who was just wonderful!Get this.....When I arrived there prior to my wedding, the front desk informed me that the room had been upgraded as a courtesy....I got the Presidential suite, along with an adjoing room at no extra charge! They really went out of their way to help make my wedding day the best day of my life. We even received a limo ride to the airport at no extra charge!So for those of you thinking of getting married in the harbor area, definitely check it out!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gensurg
<Content>Not worth the dough This hotel has a great location on Boston Harbor, a short water taxi ride from logan airport. I was given an upgrade to a suite which was still fairly small. Bathroom is miniscule. The furniture dated and uncomfortable. The television sets salvaged from Courtyard by Marriott. Except for a newspaper - no fun freebies. You want peanuts - for sale, need a drink water - pony up. Want to wear some slippers (the ones with cardboard soles) - it will cost you. If it rains, feel free to buy the umbrella in the closet. The place feels like every inch has to be a profit center - and all for only 500 bucks a night. Folks this is Boston, not Manhattan. Great location but little class.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>hardingk
<Content>Great Location My stay here was for 2 nights for a conference. As Boston is such a small city, the hotel was near everything. Located right on the water, the hotel had great views of the harbor. I had a harbor view room with a large bathroom; however, the toliet ran for 15 mins every time I flushed it!. Beds were great and the turn down service, slippers,  robes were nice! Food was good, service was amazing. One negative, I was charged for items from the minibar that I did not take!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>needs updating After I rec. My bill totalling $2,000 for 3 nights, I had to decide: Was it worth it??Not exactly.......The room was out of the 1980's w/ no updating since....The yellow flowered bed spread looked like it was a leftover from K-mart. The furniture was justbasic/no ambiance. The hotel is beautiful, but I wanted to walk in  say WOW!!! Hotel staff was accomodating.....My hard earned $$$$ should have been spent elsewhere in Boston...  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wcuro
<Content>very disappointed, not like it used to be The hotel, where we stay frequently on business, has recently cut back on extras and is not worth the money. There was no doorman to open the double doors when we arrived, the prior request for a large room was not honored, the New York Times was delivered twice, although The Wall Street Journal had been requested, ice was not delivered at all, turn-down service did not arrive until 9:20 PM (too late to be useful),and the swimming area no longer has continental breakfast set up in its lounge. Molton Brown toiletries are a thing of the past. We were told that the hotel is under new management which may explain the change. For the cost, travelers can do better than The Boston Harbor Hotel. The rooms with a view of Boston Harbor do have a wonderful view. There is construction in front of the hotel(for years) and walking across the street is not easy. The waitress at breakfast had an unpleasant, unfriendly attitude.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bgold7a
<Content>Riz is Better Priced about the same as the Ritz, I would say it is no contest to take the Ritz. First, is the noise from the Big Dig that is going on right in front of the hotel. Second, is the awful restaurant, Meritage, that should be shuttered for pretensiousness and overcharging for airplane quality food. Third, is the beds and bedding that need a thorough redo. Last is the breakfast area that is too small and uncomfortable as it is their bar and not well-suited for a business breakfast.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ProfMagellan
<Content>nice staff but needs investment I stay at this hotel quite often is it is in a good central location with nice views. The staff are quite friendly, especially room service which is timely too.This is a hotel which was built in the eighties but, gentle reader,it does not seem to have had much investment since.Rooms are pleasant but not five star. No shaving mirror in the bathroom (bizarre but true). No bathroom scales. A TV set out of the Fred Flinstone era (do the owners not know about flat screen TVs and DVD players?). A radio/alarm clock was similarly antique. I could not find a TV channel guide.One serious gripe: arriving at the downstairs cafe for dinner, I was told that it had stopped serving food, this at 8.30pm. If I wanted food, I should go to the gourmet restaurant or to my room. I complained and they did manage to bring me dinner. Apparently, the official closing is 9.00pm which is still absurd for a hotel that is supposed to cater for busy executives. The 9.95 dollars internet access is an outrage. why not charge for electrity too?That being said the hotel is still better than its major rivals and I shall probably return.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>blasketisland
<Content>Best hotel yet My girlfriend and I stayed here early this month for four nights. Cant actually describe how highly I rated this place. Everything about the Harbor oozes class, from the door man to the room service, its just perfect. We had a harbor view room. Now while the hotel isnt cheap about 440 bucks a night including taxes, it really is worth the money. The hotel really makes the effort to know its guests. At the start of our trip they had thought my girlfriend and I were married but as soon as we clarified that, it was rememberd everytime, even down to phoning for room service. The location is perfect very near Quincy for all the wonderful places to eat. We also dined at the in house restaurant The Meritage on the Saturday night. Although we only decided to do so very late that evening we were taken care of. The following day we were thinking of heading to Wrentham for some shopping and Nathan the concierge was more than helpful. He sorted out the bus trip for us without any problems. For my girlfriend the best part was one day, she enquired about where the nearest post office was. She was just expecting to be given directions, but not that, they offered and took her in the hotel car to the office. That was something totally unexpected but was the mark of the quality of the place.This is one hotel I cant wait to get back to stay in again. If you get the chance stay there you wont regret it  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Toshisan
<Content>Best Business or Pleasure Hotel in Boston for your money Great service- every time I came into the lobby, I was greeted with several Good morning, miss by various bellboys, doormen, etc. The concierge was helpful in getting last minute reservations at Legal Seafoods on a Sat night, which is really difficult, and we got taken before other people who had been waiting at Legal and who also had reservations (there was a little BHH next to our name). We got a mini-suite, with a living room area. Room service dinner was fine but nothing special. Bed was too soft for me but had a nice down comforter. Bathroom was reasonably large and there was a separate dressing table type area. Nice lobby to meet friends in. Walls are a little thin, I could hear the people next door, but they were talking loudly. On the 10th floor I heard no street noise. Room 1005 is good if you don't mind not having a view of the water. Also, BHH has a great location, steps to anything downtown, not a bad walk to Back Bay or Beacon Hill if you like a longer walk, and right on the water, obviously. The pool and jacuzzi area were beautiful. This place is nicer than the Langham if you're choosing between the two- Larger rooms and better serivce.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kragan
<Content>beautiful hotel The Boston Harbor Hotel is beautiful. It has a good location and a wonderful breakfast. The rooms are plentiful in size and nicely appointed. The beds are not the most comfortable I have slept in. They are very average like a regular hotel chain. You would expect a little better for such a nice place. Bathrooms are very roomy. Service is good. We would stay their again.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>oneway
<Content>Our best hotel experience ever!       What an awesome bed!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to get back to the Boston Harbor Hotel I stayed here for the first time in early September. The trip was a 50th birthday present for my husband. From the second you arrive at this hotel, you know you're a very special person. From the doorman to the reception staff, housekeeping to bar staff, these people cannot do enough for you. We stayed in a harborview superior king and it was fabulous. The room was large, beautifully decorated and spotless, ditto the bathroom. I had ordered Patriots tickets (my husband's a big fan) and the staff were as excited as he was when the concierge produced the gold envelope from the ticket agency.The hotel is so welcoming and comfortable, it's like staying with (rich!) friends. The pool and hot tub are great to wake you up in the mornings and the barman makes one of the best Bellinis I've ever tasted. We've already booked to go back for the New Year weekend, staying in a suite this time, and I can't wait. You'd have to be insane to stay anywhere else in Boston.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost perfect My best friend and I (young professionals) stayed here after purchasing the Girls Luxury Weekend package. The package was very nice and worth the money if you're looking for a special treat. Our room had a beautiful view of the harbor, the spa experience was pleasant, and the food and drinks were terrific all weekend. Our experience was everything we expected it to be and the service was generally very good. Two complaints prevent me from giving this hotel an excellent rating: First, although I booked our room a month in advance, there were no rooms available with double beds. As a result, one of us was stuck with the sleeper sofa, which was comfortable, but obviously not ideal. Second, the package indicated that the hotel's car service would be available to us. Such was not the case. It was already booked for the evening and when we inquired of the concierge, he spoke to us in a somewhat condescending manner (the rest of the staff, however, was wonderful). Beyond those minor glitches, the experience was positive. I would go back again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Harbor view Had a great one-night stay in a very large room with harbor views. Perhaps a little disappointed with the breakfast but otherwise highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Trixiecat
<Content>Think it was worth it       Right below our window  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gbn
<Content>Very comfortable I paid for a city view, but got a harbor view room. Large bathroom, writing desk, closet. Twice-daily maid service really makes a difference, with turndown. Staff who recognize you. A very nice gym  pool. About 5 blocks from the metro, which is 2 stops from the airport. Within walking distance of downtown. Very nice views of the harbor. Overall, this was a very pleasant 2-night stay, and this is a place I'd be happy to return to.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JenniferBoston
<Content>Small Rooms, Fabulous Gym, Pool, Spa I stayed with family as the Boston Harbor Hotel and was impressed with the lobby, it's antiques and ambiance. The staff are very attentive. I believe, however that the rooms are a bit on the small size for what you are paying. The city view king deluxe at $420 is advertized as a junior suite but I would call it just a good sized hotel room. Suites I've stayed in at other local hotels feel much more spacious. And the view is not nearly as nice as the view from the Westin/Copley. If you want a great city view, stay there. Now, the real reasons to stay at this hotel are the spa services. You can't go wrong with a late swim, soaking in the jacuzzi followed up by an early morning facial and a massage. The gym is great because it's not too big and has all the right machines. The spa services are top notch. The Meritage restaurant is highly rated and the views from the tables facing the water are not to be missed. The food is very good but get ready to open your wallet. The hotel location is now great - still a little of Boston's Big Dig going on but it is much better than a couple of years ago. Faneuil Hall, Haymarket, South Station, the Financial District, the Waterfront are all within a 15 minute walk from the hotel. The North End isn't that far away either. I would stay here again soley for the spa.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place The Boston Harbor Hotel is a great place to stay...The nice/friendly employees coupled with the amazing views and surrounding attractions makes it a location that any Boston area visitor should not ignore. Without a doubt, one of the top 3 hotels in the area...if not the best. Don't miss your chance to enjoy their hospitality.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>daltjb
<Content>Tremendous       View from the front  
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No help from staff during evacuation During the night of 10/02/04 several floors were evacuated due to a fire warning. Once outside the hotel no information was given and the staff were totally uncaring. Once we were allowed back to our rooms there was no organisation and other guests had to ensure that the old and people with children got to the elevators first. Good service at this hotel is dependant on tips and guest in nightclothes do not have money.I wrote with full details to the General Manager but did not get a reply.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kendra's Mom
<Content>Fabulous!! My husband and I travel frequently, and always stay in first-class hotels. The Boston Harbor stands above all the rest, in quiet elegance, customer service, ambience, you name it! We had a beautiful suite that afforded us great views of the harbor, dotted with sailboats and yachts. The room had floor to ceiling drapes, a well stocked mini bar, large screen television in the living room, beautiful bathroom, large, very comfortable bed. We enjoyed good service in the casual restaurant, and wonderful cocktails in the bar. If you have budget constraints, save until you have enough to enjoy a night at this hotel. You will never forget it! On our next visit to Boston, this is where we will stay.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Staff My new favorite hotel. Room was great, bathroom was large, the view was spectacular, and the staff was shameless in their devotion to please. Head conciere by the name of Miller was outstanding. I've been to Boston on business a dozen times. By far the best hotel I've stayed at in Bean Town.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Felt Like I was at Home I had to stay at the Boston Harbor Hotel in May for business. My plane was delayed and I arrived at 2:30am with no luggage. A bellman walked with me for 3 blocks to a convenience store so I could get a few items. To top it off I got sick and the concierge went out of his way to find a doctor who would take my insurance. The room was wonderful and the staff turned what could have been the worst stay ever into a nice hotel experience.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved the Boston Harbor Hotel!! Like many others, my husband and I spent our (fifth) anniversary here. We can't say enough about it....the food was great (we had dinner outside and Eggs Benedict in our room for breakfast) The harbor views are tremendous and all the amenities in our room and throughout the hotel are too numerous to list. We thoroughly enjoyed the whole day, walking to nearby Quincy MArket and the North End. Can't wait until next year!! (Get the Harbor view if you can. Its breathtaking and the city view is a bit dug up now with all the construction)  
<Date>May 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A place to return to time and time again Recently, my girlfriends and I decided to celebrate a birthday by staying overnight at a Boston hotel. Familiar with the Boston Harbor Hotel, I suggested we stay there. Our stay was one of the most memorable times - the service, ambience, food and atmosphere is unparalleled. The employees of the hotel are so kind and they really do make you feel at home once you step into the hotel. The hotel's lobby is gorgeous, the fresh flowers are stunning. We ate dinner in Intrigue Cafe - a comfortable cafe that boasts a rare view of Boston Harbor. The next morning, we ate brunch in Meritage and it was wonderful. You could choose anything from gourmet omelettes to sushi! The Boston Harbor Hotel is one of the best places I have stayed in a long time. I am so happy to have this hotel close by so I can visit time and time again. A must see!  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AmberJane
<Content>Boston Harbor Hotel, first class all the way! We stayed at the Boston Harbor Hotel for one night after the Simon and Garfunkel concert. When we checked in, we were very impressed, the lobby was beautiful but not pretentious. There is very easy access to the warf outside which would have been wonderful if it wasn't so chilly the night we stayed! The conceriege was great, they made reservations for us the following morning for their buffet brunch (best brunch I EVER had!). We went up to our room, which was a skyline view and WOW it was pretty! The rooms are very large sized and since we got the cheapest room, we weren't expecting much. We had a nice view of Boston (and the big dig, hehehe). The bed was soooo comfy, they had robes, and slippers. Plus very nice soaps and shampoos. The mini bar was stocked with anything from peanuts to champagne! When we got back from our concert we found the bed turned down and our robes and slippers laid out for us. Overall, it was a great experience!!  
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Slice of Heaven in the Middle of Boston Being in my late 20s, and of the Sex and the City era, I tend to gravitate towards boutique hotels with trendy interiors and happening bars. I decided to try the Boston Harbor Hotel on the recommendation of a good friend. I was immediately impressed with the hotel from the time I pulled up to the front of the property. The broad exterior exudes strength and high class, and the doormen couldn't have been more helpful. Stepping into the hotel, one is immediately struck with the feeling of comfort. The regal lobby is small, yet grand in it's own right, and I found myself walking a little taller on my way to the front desk. Check in was smooth and quick, the way I like it. The staff was courteous and attentive.Upon entering my room, I fell in love with the two room suite! I felt like I had my own apartment in the city. The view from the room was fantastic, with large windows looking out over the Harbor. I arrived late, and was pleasantly surprised to find my bed turned down, and bathrobe and slippers laid out for me. After my bags were delivered to my room, I slipped downstairs for dinner and drinks at Meritage, the fantastic wine restaurant that my friend had raved about.I only stayed the weekend, but would definitely come back again. Everything was perfectm, the Hotel itself, the staff, the location, the food!! I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for an extraordinary experience in Boston.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service, Great hotel   showReview(1783177, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definately NOT 5-star....   showReview(1750378, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>poor servic in Boston   showReview(1734113, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My new favorite!   showReview(1663890, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Different World   showReview(1613522, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding   showReview(1370250, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>biojojo
<Content>A fantastic anniversary!!   showReview(1221825, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(1135770, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel   showReview(1073201, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>What an experience!   showReview(596698, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr sch枚nes Luxushotel   showReview(19637669, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

