<Author>IdyllicTraveller
<Content>An absolute joy! My partner and I stayed at the Four Seasons Hotel at Marunouchi for a week last month, and we had a fantastic time. Obviously it is an expensive hotel (and with the pound sliding against the yen whilst we were there this became increasingly clear...) but I really do feel that you get your money's worth.As this was our first time in Japan we booked the 'meet and greet' service offered by the hotel (which you pay for). This meant that we were met at the airport by a member of staff from the hotel who sorted out our bus tickets (we'd just missed the Narita Express), took us to the correct bus stop, helped with luggage, and generally made us feel very welcome after a long flight from London. She then phoned ahead to let the hotel know that we were on the bus, and someone came to meet us at the bus stop and escorted us to the hotel. We were immediately taken up to our room (a Premier King) to check-in, which again was great after a long journey. Our room was on the third floor with a lovely view across a leafy patio area and then across to Tokyo Station. If you're into that sort of thing it could be train-spotter heaven!Our room was huge with floor to ceiling windows on one side, the largest bed I think I've ever seen (it made a UK king seem tiny) and a great bathroom. This was also the first time I'd experienced a Japanese toilet, and being British it was a bit odd at first but by the end of the week I was a definite convert.The bar and restaurant (up on the 7th floor along with the spa) were great, serving some of the best cocktails I've ever had - unlike the bar in the Park Hyatt hotel where their vodka martinis tasted as if they'd been watered down.... Whilst we ate lunch and dinner elsewhere we always had breakfast in the hotel, where they did possibly the best scrambled eggs with hash browns that I've ever tasted.Finally the staff - what can I say? The other reviews here are testimony to the fact that the Four Seasons train their staff extremely well - better than any other hotel chain I can think of. You are genuinely made to feel that the hotel exists only for you - an absolute joy.I know this sounds like a gushing review, and I've honestly tried to think about some negative points to make. But all I can really comment on is the price, and as I said at the beginning I think the expense is well worth it. I hope to return soon, so I guess we'd better start saving....  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BENLEE123
<Content>Great Service, but Upgrade Overdue       Spa  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Love2Escape
<Content>Impeccable from start to finish! We arrived into Tokyo for the start of our business trip... without luggage... (so the story begins).We ordered the Meet and Greet service at the airport, a lovely woman (who waited almost an hour while we were dealing with our luggage, which was still somewhere in Europe), guided us to the train and even arranged for the hotel to provide us with a private car (and driver) to take us shopping ... so we would have suitable attire for our business meetings the next day.When we arrived into Tokyo Station (taking the ever so convenient Narita Express), a Four Seasons rep met us on the platform, precisely at our car (which is called ahead by the airport greeter), who guided us through the station maze to the hotel. The hotel: Stunning! Comfortable beyond explanation. No toiletry was missing (which was most appreciated, since we had almost nothing in our hand luggage). The lobby is on the 7th floor and affords excellent views. The staff: We arrived with only one hour left to shop for business clothes; our stretch 7-series BMW car with white-glove-wearing driver awaiting our arrival. We were whisked away to a Ginza dept. store; the driver waited patiently in front... we were astounded at this level of service! Not only did each member of the staff graciously accommodate our requests, they diligently chased up our luggage (communicating regularly with the airport) to ensure that everything arrived as soon as possible (we had to take a Shinkasen to Osaka the evening after our arrival). We can't thank everyone enough for taking such good care of us after a long flight, in our exhausted state.Admittedly, we were a bit rushed and could not enjoy the hotel facilities (restaurant, gym) as we wished, but the room was luxurious - and the large bathtub (complete with aromatic bath salts) was divine. We can't imagine staying anywhere else in Tokyo: the staff, the property, the location - all perfect!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mumblebot
<Content>All it should be We loved our stay here. We were in Japan for 1 week. From the advice of another trip advisor i booked the meet and greet service from the Four Seasons to collect us from customs , take us to get our JR passes and put us on the right train. From there we were met at Tokyo station and taken to the hotel for the easiest and swiftest check in ever. We had our first night here before we went off for travels to Kyoto and Hakone for a few days before coming back to the Four Seasons for 2 more nights.The service was excellent, the concierge sent us to some fab restaurants. We ate in the hotel on our last night and it was excellent. The staff at the Four Seasons made our trip so easy and were so helpful.The rooms were excellent and when we came back we had been upgraded so it was even better.I chose this hotel as it is a great base if you are planning to use the trains,,,also it is the Four Seasons!!!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Almafuerte
<Content>Perfect I've been 6 nights at Four Seasons Marunouchi for a part of my honeymoon. I must say that the legendary service of Four Seasons didn't disappoint me. Everything was perfect since the first moment we arrived in Tokyo. They pick us up at the Train station, escort us to a very quick check in, then we went to our room where we found a bottle of champagne with straberries and a note from all the staff to congratulate for our wedding. The room (a Premiere one) was perfect. Spacious and with a beautiful view. The staff was extremely helpfull and they always reconize us and call you with surname. The location is great. Step away from Ginza (shopping) and historical places (imperial palace), train station, subway.The day we left they booked us the train tickets to Narita Airport, escort us till the platform.We had a wonderful time there, and i would recomand this hotel without doubts.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TravelDIVA3
<Content>Pure Heaven in Tokyo We stayed in Tokyo en route to Bali Indonesia, this was our second vacation back to Bali and decided to enjoy a week in Tokyo.Stayed at the Four Seasons Hotel Tokyo at Marunouchi, this best of all the worlds, because it's Elegance Boutique meets Elegant Four Seasons, this is WHAT A HOTEL should be!The staff is beyond outstanding, we got confused regarding the international timeline, so upon arrival we were one day late, I was horrified thought we lost the hotel and $$. This hotel was so nice, they did not penalize us for this mistake, kept our room! Also, a little secret; there are Bianchi bicycles that you can loan out I highly recommend this was a fabulous way to see Tokyo up close and personal. We dont' speak any Japanese, but people were extremely nice. Visited the Imperial Palace via bicycles, got interviewed by a famous Radio Personality, saw the Royal Family, the empress waived at us.The restaurant at the Four Seasons was fantastic! and must have a elegant cocktails in the lounge.The location is so wonderful, close to the Train Station, excellent shopping in Ginza District.Highly recommended! Will return again...  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>flyingpheonix
<Content>A Unique Four Seasons Experience We have stayed at the Marunouchi on a few occasions and each time in a different type of room. The standard room was very nice, if a little small, with a windowless large bathroom. We have also stayed in one bedroom suites with a city view and a view of the station. The suites were large and exquisite with some unique features. While the station view is gorgeous, it is a little noisy. Business travellers and sensitive sleepers are probably best to ask for a city view room.The hotel is very well located. Tokyo Station, Ginza, the Imperial Palace and the Forum are within walking distance. All the sites are easily accessible by train which makes the proximity to Tokyo Station desirable (unlike the Park Hyatt which is 10 minute drive from the the closest station).The in-room electronics and amenities are excellent. LIke many other Four Seasons, the hotel provides L'Occitane bathproducts but also provides Kniepp bath salts and pillows. Yukatas and pj's can also be found in the room (in addition to the usual bathrobe) which adds a unique Japanese touch. A variety of pillows are available upon request. HIgh quality Japanese green tea and coffee are available in the room (along with china, an electric tea kettle and a french press).The hotel is very small (57 rooms). The entire staff greets you by name. The staff also notes preferences and ensures they are observed on follow-up visits. For example, we once requested an iron and on subsequent visits an iron has been placed in our room. The hotel is generally very quiet which makes it an excellent hotel for business travel.The spa is small but the onsen and gym are wonderful.The food is very expensive, even by Tokyo and Four Seasons standards. For example, a soft drink is 1000 yen. The same soft drink is available at the nearby convenience store for 140 yen. The price of the food seemed quite excessive. The cost of in-room movies was also very high (2000 yen).The concierge service was a bit mixed but generally excellent. In some respects they are very organized and go out of thier way to be helpful. On one visit, we had a Japan Rail Pass and planned to travel the country. The hotel sent a staff member to get tickets for every leg of our trip at no cost. As we were taking a small bag on our trip, they allowed us to store our luggage while touring the country and pick it up before leaving Tokyo (at no cost). This was very helpful to us and we appreciated the hotel did not charge us for these services. As well, print-outs are available for all major sites that provide a description of the site, colour pictures and a map. The concierge is also very good about making reservations, getting good tables etc... but they don't always check pertinent information before giving advice. For example, on two occassions we were told a tourist site was open and on both occasions the sites were closed (one was a regular closing and the other owing to a national holiday). I would advise people to ask the concierge to verify if the particular destination is open at the time they would like to visit. On the whole, we were very pleased with the hotel and returned after our first visit. We will stay at this property on our next trip to Tokyo.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>mskudzu
<Content>Unique Luxury, Intimate feel for a High Rise Hotel I stayed in a corner room that had ceiling to floor windows on two walls and views of the famous lighted street in Ginza. It was spectacular at night. The rooms are contemporary and comfortable with electronic shades, lights and original artwork. There are great down comforters and superior linens on the beds. I loved the in room tea service with several authentic Japanese tea selections. Bathrobes provided were light and comfortable. The bathroom was modern and sleek with a great bathtub set between the tricked out toilet (with heated seat and other fun features) and the shower. The towel rack was heated! The room service was a tad slow but the stuffed french toast was so good that I still think about it. The in room internet service was annoying, as it was hard to maneuver the mouse and took a long time to load. The maid service was constant and one walked in on me while I was in a state of undress. The spa is just a couple of uninviting rooms with no amenities, although the massage was divine. The hotel is located on a couple of floors in a high rise building and does not have many rooms. Asking for directions and recommendations for dining was not easy. They kept sending us to restaurants designed for tourists. It is very expensive and very exclusive. It is unique considering that it is in a huge building yet retains a feeling of intimacy and beauty. The doorman always greeted me by name with a bow. They provide free pastries and coffee in the lobby in the early am (4-6) which is great if you are heading out to the fish market and need a wake up coffee. It is something to experience at least once in a lifetime. I was equally pleased with the Mandarin Oriental which was half the price and liked the rooms and spa better; although the personal service was not at the same level. You will feel like royalty while at the Four Seasons and may possibly become too accustomed to privilege for your own good. Enjoy!  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	2	

<Author>Hikari
<Content>Beautiful, some problems with service This is a very beautiful hotel in a superb location. Ours was a standard room on the 3rd floor. Check-in was effortless. The room was huge and gorgeous. It was also very quiet despite facing a major street. The bathroom was very large--larger than our bathroom at the Shinjuku Park Hyatt, but unlike our room at the Hyatt, there was no window in the bathroom. It was hardly a big deal, though, considering how luxurious it was. We had dinner at the Ekki Bar and Grill one night. The restaurant is beautifully decorated and the atmosphere was quiet and elegant. The service was not quick but well-paced to allow us to linger over wine and to chat. The food was first class.We had a few problems with the service, though. One morning the waiter forgot to put in our breakfast order so we had to wait over 45 minutes after ordering to get our food. There were only about 5 other tables at the time, so it was hardly busy. The next morning, the wait staff apologized. The servings of the 'breakfast entrees' were far too large, but the food was delicious. Everything was fresh and beautifully presented. The next morning the waitress forgot my coffee and I didn't get it until I was almost finished eating, despite asking for it twice. Also, housekeeping took my nightshirt -- the only thing I had brought to sleep in -- out with the linens when they changed the room. The shirt was returned the next day with a card from the housekeeping manager containing an apology along with some chocolates. The front desk staff, though, were knowledgable, friendly, and very professional.The location is hard to beat. It's within easy walking distance of three metro stops, Ginza, the Marunouchi Building, and the Imperial Palace.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	2	3	

<Author>Muntz73
<Content>Absolutely best servkice ever               More photos  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>StefiB
<Content>Best service ever experienced       bathroom  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>robinEncinitas
<Content>Amazing Maurunouchi The Marunouchi Four Seasons is an experience which we rated one of the finest in the World.Never in all of our travels have we experienced better personalized , heartfelt service from the Management, front desk, baggage help and restaurant team.You are warmlygreeted by staff at the door and esorted and check in, in your room. After a long trip this is a welcome benefit.They have a special service to pick you up from your plane and get you to the right train to Tokyo or anyother place you are going by train.The concerige succeeded to book us into Ryokan that we had tried in vain to achieve in the USA even with all the help of our well connected Japanese friends.Food at the restaurant was a surprise and a 5 Star Napa experience with a visiting chef from California who 's menu was a delight to the senses.Everything from the small details of the luxury soaps in the bath to the comfortable beds and quiet rooms to the in room dining service impressed us and we will return again.This hotel is like a country retreat in the middle of the City.We love trains this is the place to view the Bullet Trains of Japan from your window as they float in to Tokyo Station without a sound to disturb your breakfast.This is the perfect Boutique Hotel Experience and we shall return again. RM G  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kingsroadgal
<Content>Not perfect, but darn close... It is rare that my husband and two sons and I all agree on a hotel. But this hotel is really exceptional and we all loved it. The rooms (and we had two) are magnificently equipped and furnished in a modern, sleek style. I have never seen so many useful little items in a hotel room: pajamas, hairbrush, rubber bands for hair, oil blotting papers for the face, toothbrush and paste, beautiful pens. The bathroom toiletries were all in a very substantial size too, instead of the tiny little bottles you usually get. The beds were sublimely comfortable. We loved the room.Other nice features of the hotel are a fabulously equipped gym, and free internet access for guests. Granted, there is only one computer available for use, but we never found getting online to be a problem. The location of the hotel is great. It's an easy walk to the Ginza for shopping, and the hotel is right next to Tokyo Station. In fact, many of the rooms at the hotel have a view of the bullet trains as they go in and out of Tokyo Station. We loved watching the trains - but our room was not overlooking them too closely...We had breakfast included with our rooms. The restaurant is really beautifully decorated, and is a relaxing place to dine. We didn't find the breakfast menu to be too inspiring, however. We coudn't really find anything that we enjoyed eating. The American breakfast was sub-standard - bacon and sausage were not tasty, and the eggs so-so. One day my son ordered waffles, and it consisted of one tiny waffle cut in half...We are not huge eaters, but the portions were quite small. The lattes were tasty, but quite weak. So, while we usually enjoy breakfast in our hotel, this was definitely not one of our favorites.Generally, we were very pleased with the service. The staff could not have been friendlier or more gracious. We did have a small problem with the concierge. They booked tickets for us on the bullet train to Kyoto. We were told the tickets would cost about $400 - but the concierge didn't mention that this was EACH WAY. So, it was a bit of a surprise when we finally got the bill for $800. Well, no place is perfect, but this hotel is really quite close...We would definitely return...  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>traveller987
<Content>Bad service Many problems with our stay - we moved to a better hotel (see Palace Hotel - not a posh as Four Seasons but service wasmuch better). Arrived at Four Seasons with a friend and her young son and explained that we wanted a suite so that they could stay the night wiht us. Reception messed up our reservation, and sent us up to a room where a guest was already staying. Embarrassing to walk into someone else's room when they are still there!!! Then when we asked for extra blankets and pillows, the hotel wanted to charge us $50/pers extra (for my friend and her son) on top of the rate they were already charging us for the suite. The five-year-old was so upset, and told my husband that he didn't need to stay the night if it was a problem. Another problem - the concierge sent us to a restaurant that was having a private party. I would think that they would call ahead before blindly recommending places...  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>2	1	5	4	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>jpmay
<Content>Far and away the best hotel in Tokyo - maybe the world   showReview(5927454, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>pixelm
<Content>Best Experience Ever in a Hotel   showReview(5382196, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dollfaceny
<Content>Spectacular!   showReview(5019898, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jdubois
<Content>Great, quiet little gem in a big noisy city.   showReview(4726169, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's great   showReview(4164026, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tried them all - this is the best.   showReview(3373341, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>julo
<Content>Best hotel/service I have ever seen   showReview(3331658, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a bit different Four Seasons experience   showReview(3168569, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Hotel Ever   showReview(3016979, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hatescreenames
<Content>amazing!   showReview(2289921, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eskacci
<Content>銈广儮銉笺儷銉┿偘銈搞儱銈儶銉?#x201d;   showReview(23070923, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	4	3	

