<Author>Millbilly21
<Content>Nice for something a bit different Clean, small room. Restaurant downstairs was overpriced and doesn't fit with the theme of the place. They charged me for some charitable donation on my bill without asking me. Otherwise a decent place with some good restaurants nearby.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SquiddyAustralia
<Content>Excellent Value We stayed at Hotel Kabuki for two nights in the cold of winter for $89 per night which was fantastic value. The room was warm and immaculately clean, with a nice bathroom. The bed was very comfortable, with soft, cosy linen. The staff were helpful. We had a car and parked it in the associated car park for $15 for 24 hours and chose to walk around instead. The hotel is approximately 25 minutes walk to Union square, which we didn't mind at all. If you don't fancy the walk, bus 38 runs along Geary street behind the hotel. Japanese food near the hotel was fantastic. If you don't mind the location, we would highly recommend this hotel for cleanliness and great value.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>jennipoo82
<Content>Great Hotel, Stellar Service! We stayed at Kabuki last month for my birthday weekend in S.F. It was our second stay there, and will probably not be our last. We found it the first time 2 years ago (then Miyako) because of it's low rate and relative closeness to the things we like but far enough away from the tourist traps that we like to visit but don't want to be stuck in. The rates were a little higher this time around (still cheaper than many comparable hotels we found) but then I got an email that said buy 2 nights get a 3rd free, we figured what the heck and made a long weekend out of it.We love staying in Japantown, it's so much quieter than Union Square yet it's still close enough to take a 5 minute cab ride, or 30 minute walk. The rooms are fantastic, great views from almost any room. Sunken soaking tubs, newer tv's, and free internet! There's plenty of restaurants to choose from nearby--and in the hotel, though we didn't try it the breakfast sounded amazing, we were just on a tight budget and it wasn't the cheapest you could find--and great shopping in the Miyako mall.BUT, the best part was the service. The front desk crew was very nice and the doormen would always greet you with a smile. And to top it off, I left a personalized frame I brought with me that my sister gave me, we were in town for a show and the frame held a picture of us with this comedian we were there to see and was personalized with a quote from him so I wanted him to sign it. I left it behind with my ticket stub and remembered it hours after we left. I called and they found it right away and proceeded to FedEx it to me. And they were all so helpful every step of the way, I called more than once. They even carefully wrapped each part of my frame in bubble wrap--it's two separate pieces of glass that sit in a personalized silver frame, all very fragile--and then wrapped it up tightly in a towel. I was very pleased that they took such good care of something that was obviously important to me and couldn't be replaced. I've experienced similar situations at other hotels that didn't even bother to look for my items--albeit much less important items but still.And did I mention the Garden!!! It's truly a beautiful hotel, if you're looking for something off the beaten path and enjoy Japanese food and culture than I would highly recommend Kabuki.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LGDC
<Content>Eh! I think it helps to know who writes these reviews, so here is some basic information: My husband and I are in our mid - late 30's. We like HIlton, Marriott-type of hotels and also like to splurge on hotels and nice BB's when given a chance. Here's the review:It was fine. It seemed like a converted Holiday Inn. The shower was great, there were robes in the room, which we love. However, our toilet ran the entire time, we were promised a complimentary tea service that didn't come both times we ordered it and a dirty food tray from our next door neighbors sat outside our room for at least 36 hours before being picked up. All the customer service people always seemed overwhelmed.We wanted to park in the lot associated with the hotel, but it was full both times we tried. So, we parked in a garage the hotel recommended and was attached to the hotel. Nothing went right with it - the automatic payment machines didn't work. And, then we were told the garage opened at 6:00 a.m. on Sunday (we had to leave at exactly 6:00, probably a little earlier to return a rental car and make a flight). As we were making our way to the garage, a hotel guard told us the garage wasn't open till 7:00 and that we would have to pay him $50/cash to open the gates. We kept pushing back because it sounded fishy and then we asked someone at the front desk who told us the garage opened at 6:00. We went to the garage and waited for someone to open the gate and they said the garage didn't open till 6:15. We begged him to open the doors early and let us out because we were already late for flight - thank goodness he did.I would not return to this hotel and would have given a lower rating, but for $109/night in San Francisco, it was o.k. with us.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>WanderingHeartDoc
<Content>Great Location  Conveniently located on Geary Street, we enjoyed a wonderful stay at the Hotel Kabuki. The hotel is recently renovated, and its minimalist Japanese architecture and furniture actually worked exceptionally well for us as we were traveling with our two toddler sons. After being couped up in an airplane or our rented car our sons loved the wide open spaces in our two room suite. From the moment we arrived, the staff was very attentive to our needs. The valet parking our car asked me my name only once, and from that point for our entire four night stay we were greeted warmly by name every time we arrived or left. The hotel operator cheerfully handled our three year repeatedly calling her (to our horror!) The rooms were clean, and the queen sized bed we had was one of the most comfortable hotel beds we have ever slept in. The Kabuki is nicely located close enough to all the major sites in San Francisco, with exceptionally convenient access to the highway as well.All in all we were very satisfied with our stay, and look forward to visiting again.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Brian Thomas
<Content>Love that soaking tub Great neighborhood, great concept and great service at the Kabuki. We had a corner king room with a soaking tub and separate shower. The room is huge with two large sliding doors with sliding japanese screens and sliding covers, so privacy and quiet from street noise is excellent. Many nice touches, tea set, wall insets, divan, robes, etc.Granted the furnishings aren't the newest and the sliding door did not close all the way, but this in no way lessened our enjoyment. Not every single thing has to be brand new to work well. That said, new flat screen TV was excellent with free internet provided as well. Elevators came instantly and pleasant shopping abounds in surrounding Japantown. You can usually find overnight parking for free on the street if you wake by 9 or you can park in an adjacent garage for $15.00 per night. Full valet parking is $35.00 per day if you are a high roller.Don't forget to ask for a room on a higher floor to enjoy excellent views. One problem though, in asking for directions I mispronounced the hotel name as Bukaki and was met with guffaws for some unknown reason.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>lea_carol
<Content>Hotel Kabuki, a modern theatrical opera The Hotel Kabuki is reminiscent of a Japanese theatre.On the surface it has all of the glam of a modern theatrical opera, but once you stay awhile you realize it's an opera that's seen its hey day. 1) The so-called newly-renovated guestrooms look like they were renovated in the late 80s -early 90s. You should see the huge stereo t.v. in the club lounge. It definitely will not work when digital t.v. comes to town. Also, the fitness center needs an upgrade.2) There is false advertisement on the hotel brochure-The courtesy shuttle is not always reliable. -the 24 hr. business ctr. has an inoperable printer,so don't count on using it! In fact, count on being chargedextra to use it. (long story...)-the complimentary wine (sake) hour doesn't exist, sobuy your own wine elsewhere.On the flip side, the hotel is quiet and has somecharms like the Sjoji window screens, traditional tea in room, and Asian bedding.Just remember that the hotel needs some TLC (tender loving care) and hopefully one day the Hotel Kabuki will shine again!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	1	

<Author>wkddan25
<Content>Overvalued hotel Even though they remodeled the hotel. it is still far to be 31/2-star hotel. you don't have any controls on air conditioning and heating systems. Just hope you're in right season to avoid these problems. the front desk won't tell you this until you check-in... be aware...  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	4	3	2	

<Author>gejsha
<Content>Adored the Kabuki We stayed in the Kabuki unfortunately only for one night at the end of our trip across CA and we absolutely loved it, the hotel itself, the theme, the room, the gardens, the food was delicious, service brilliant and we will be back there as soon as we can , a treasure in SF :)  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dummy_girl
<Content>Best Bathrooms  I stayed in the double room for a few nights in September, 2008. The bathroom was the best I've seen outside Tokyo and Seoul. Beyond the large area for the sink and toilet, the shower was in another alcove behind a glass door. There were multiple showers (2 shower heads on opposite walls and 3 body sprays near one of them), there was a tile bench along one wall that you could sit on while you took a shower if you chose the removable showerhead opposite the one with 3 body sprays. The bathroom was almost as large as the bedroom. The beds were also extremely comfortable. Service was immediate and friendly. The bath products were from Lather, and they smelled wonderful. I go to an annual convention in San Fran, and this is the first time I've stayed almost my entire time in the hotel- I took a couple long showers daily and read in bed all day. Although I stay at different hotels every year, I will book at the Kabuki from now on. This room was so nice that I'll book better rooms in the future. This is not like any of the other 4 star hotels. If you care about the 2 things top on my list for a hotel- the bathroom and the bed, you won't go wrong at the Kabuki.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>picabo_yve
<Content>the Kabuki was very pleasant       The koi pond  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>MinCA
<Content>A great place to stay in SF! Hotel Kabuki in San Francisco's Japantown is a great alternative to the often over-crowded and over-priced hotel scene near Union Square. We had a lovely 250 sq foot room with a balcony. The entire hotel has been recently renovated and is definitely worth a look. They have a gerat lounge/restaurant as well.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>SimonfromUK
<Content>Good hotel but a little out of the way Stayed for a Saturday night in September. Am a fairly recent visitor to SF ans know my way around reasonably well though I'd never stayed in Japan Town before....and to be honest I doubt I'll stay in the area again. If you want to be close to 'downtown' you're better staying elsewhere.The hotel isn't the cheapest although the views from the corner room were quite impressive.The public car park is reasonably priced and easy to access as the hotel has an elevator directly to the underground levels, ask nicely and the hotel will even validate your ticket even if it's not included in your room rate :)  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ChicoTraveler419
<Content>Great Room - Loved the Bath  We stayed for one night and asked for a King Corner with the special tub. The room was clean and spacious with a very comfy bed. The tub was terrific and felt amazing. We got a room on the 13th floor (note that the ice machines are on even numbered floors) and loved the view. Great location.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>FoodLoverSanDiego
<Content>Hotel Kabuki Excellent for Price In San Francisco third week of August 2008--booked three star hotels via Priceline--two were excellent; one was bad. Highly recommend Hotel Kabuki and Kensington Park which you might get on-line for $100-$125. Beware hotels under renovation or no-frills, Boutique. Don't want to identify the latter hotel because manager was so nice, but arrived with 3 TV channels, spotty wi-fi, faced a brick wall, mold. Hotel company (SF has Personality Hotels, Kimpton, Joie d' Vivre, etc.) did book me into much better accommodations.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fuga
<Content>Perfect for us       beds  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>georgetownlondon
<Content>Great place to stay in japantown The rooms are spacious with great Japanese bathrooms and breakfasts. I would recommend this place especially if you can get a good deal on the room rate.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>RabasaSpain
<Content>Doesn't worth the price at all!!! I stayed three nights at the Kabuki Hotel. The room is not what you would expect for a 270$ / night. The windows were old and didn't close properly so the room was noisy. The balcony was shared with all the floor and even they have a sticky on the window saying that was safe to left the window open.The first day they began to clean the room but forgot to finish it. They left the wet and dirty towels over the bed, and did'nt clean the room. I also asked a hight floor with views three months before my arrival (to avoid street noises) and all I've got was a second floor room.I payed a supplement to have citi views and therefore I was expecting a nice room in the tower but all i've got was the second floor with views to a secondary street.I found a lot of Motels, even in in San Francisco, with better rooms, better services and for less than a 1/3 of the price.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>StanX
<Content>Lousy I expected a quality hotel with excellent service. I am sorry to say that the stay was not worth the money, the service was in one word: lousy. It did not even meet the service of a 1 star hotel. So the Joie de Vivre story of experience this and that is all bla bla to me if you cannot even achieve the basic standards of service.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Castelldefels
<Content>Excellent bed but better stay in Union Square I stayed here for 4 nights at the end of july because I like Japanese stuff but these is not really Japanese, just a few pictures and decoration. Excellent bed and bathroom, very clean and very near Japantown shopping mall and restaurants and Fillmore restaurants at walking distance. You can take the bus 3 different busses to Union Square, the bus stop is really near and it's just 8 minutes.Cold welcome and behaviour from receptionist.Part of Joy de Vivre Hotels, which are really lovely and should recommend.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	2	3	2	

<Author>wynswid
<Content>Once is enough Good location, very comfortable beds, good restaurant breakfast, mostly courteous staff, beautiful garden; however, the room was hot (no air conditioning), they charge for Internet use in the business center, television had very few channels, bathroom area not private enough. Glad I stayed there, but will only do once.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	3	4	1	

<Author>sensible_expat
<Content>Some Style, Limited Substance I'm not that impressed with Hotel Kabuki as I wrap up a four-night stay in a recently renovated room. A longtime resident of San Francisco before moving abroad, I heard good things about this hotel when it was known as the Miyako. It seems quality has been compromised some since then. It should be known that the hotel's location is a good one. On the edge of SF's small but charming Japantown, it is close to major bus lines on both Geary Boulevard and Van Ness Avenue. The smartly appointed hotel lobby and courteous Front Desk staff provided a great first impression. The room itself was also nicely decorated and gave the feel of a bonafide boutique hotel. But problems cropped up almost immediately. The toilet was not at all clean, basic complimentary amenities were missing (and remained missing well after housekeeping passed through the next morning; I only secured the amenities once I asked for them directly), and the guest robe hung in the closet had fresh make-up stains on the inside from a previous guest. The television remote control was missing, and when I called to get a replacement was grilled by the Front Desk agent about whether or not I had done a thorough search of the room for the remote control rather than be told another would be sent up straightaway. The hallways proved noisy in the evening, and a neighbor's half-eaten dinner ordered through Room Service remained on the hallway floor for well over twelve hours. Otherwise, one of the two doormen seemed to do everything possible not to make eye contact with entering and exiting guests. Not exactly hospitality in action. In isolation, each one of these problems seems minor. But together, they point to the fact that Hotel Kabuki is more style than substance ... especially given the price.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>YucatanLiving
<Content>A Taste of Japan We stayed at the Kabuki because our first choice wasn't available... luckily! Because we really liked the Kabuki. The reception was fast, helpful, friendly, professional. The place itself was calm and peaceful and well appointed. And the room, a corner room (1111) was small but perfect. We had views of the city, a small balcony, a nice Japanese tub in the bathroom and a very comfortable bed. We were able to easily use the internet from our room. We had drinks and h'ors d'ouevres downstairs, which were delicious. And then we ate dinner across the street at bushi-tei, which was also very delicious. The whole experience was enjoyable, beginning to end. And we liked the towels so much, we bought two of them to take home!!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DaDuDu
<Content>Better place to spend money We stayed there three days ago for one night and vowed we will never go back.We were looking forward to staying there and we chose this place to spend our last night of our trip in San Francisco.The welcome tea ceremony that was promised never took place. The room was smelly and when I went to wash my face I saw the finger nail on the basin. Yuk.The Internet connection was bad. Took 10 mins to open a webpage. You need to connect and reconnect repeatedly.Then next morning when we went to have breakfast in the hotel's restaurant it took more than 10 mins for someone to take the order. Had I not voiced out my displeasure it might take more than 20 mins. I saw a family whose father also lost patience becasue of the same issue.There are many better places in San Francisco to stay, definitely not this one. We so regreted of making such decision and decided to pst this message so other people will not have to go through what we experienced.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>nusk
<Content>Loved This Hotel Our friends and we were attending a wedding in SF and found it quite a challenge to find a reasonable hotel. So, in our search, we found Hotel Kabuki. The men are not especially adventurous and they wondered if a Japanese hotel would be very different. Well, we booked it and were very happy we did. The parking was easy (though we did use the valet parking), the rooms were very clean, the Japanese decor was striking and the staff were as nice as can be.The sheets were so soft and the pillows were great also. The bathrooms were way above standard with some of the baths including an entrance shower to the tub. Bath salts were included as were directions on how to take a traditional Japanese bath. When we returned from dinner and entered our room, a guest had broken the rule and smoked somewhere and it was just drifting into our room. I called the desk and they moved us without delay and gave us a $15 dollar each credit for breakfast. The restaurant in the hotel was exceedingly expensive and the food was not very good. The cod I got tasted like wonder bread (still cannot figure this out), the hamburger was great, the drinks were also grossly overpriced, the morning coffee to go for $3.00 could be obtained across the street for $1.75 (in the mall) and the omlettes were overcooked and dry. The room did have free instant coffee. My husband and I would not eat at this restaurant again.But the hotel - we would go in a heartbeat. The experience was great fun. Have a good time!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>skacleve
<Content>Could be a very special place, with some improvements The Joie de Vivre hotels group, of which Hotel Kabuki belongs, impressed us greatly when we stayed in their Domain Hotel in Sunnyvale. That hotel was bright, new and modern.  The Kabuki in Japantown has some of the same qualities, although with a very Japanese style of decor. The lobby is pretty impressive, and the staff is polite. We had a Deluxe Corner room on the 15th floor, to take advantage of the bird's-eye view from our balcony. We enjoyed the view, and were lucky to witness the Critical Mass demonstration/celebration (depending on how you view it) take place right below our windows. The elevator is lightning fast, but the ride is very smooth. The sliding screens over the windows/balcony doors in our room with Japanese illustrations on them, the black framed furniture and the Japanese-style fabrics gave the room a distinct feel. The traditional soaking tub did as well, although we did not use it that way most of the time (we preferred to shower). The bed, with a pillowtop surface, was very comfortable. The usual amenities are there -- hairdryer, safe, refrigerator, shampoo and conditioner. The kimono-style robes were a nice touch, though the robes seemed a bit old. So the style was as we'd hoped, but the rooms are a bit worn and in need of remodeling. There is a hot pot in the room for boiling water for tea, and a set of tea cups and a small tea pot. Providing only two tea bags seemed a bit stingy, though. There was no coffee maker however, which was disappointing to my husband. Even though this is in the heart of Japantown, most Americans still like to have coffee in the room. The tiny frig was so full of honor bar drinks, there was no room at all for leftover food we brought to our room. One thing I wish the room had was a door to the bathroom sink area. The toilet is in its own room with a locking door, and there is a wall separating the bathroom/toilet area from the main room, but the shower stall door is clear glass, and a lack of another door there takes away some of the privacy, especially if you want to shower or wash at the sink while you have someone visiting your room. A door to the area would also minimize noise from someone using the sink or shower that might disturb someone else sleeping in the bed.  The hotel needs to improve its concierge service. The staff directs guests to the doorman on duty for this, and the doormen don't seem to know much. We asked about getting to Golden Gate Park and where to park, but the doorman neglected to tell us about the no-left turns on most streets and the many one-way streets. He also left out the fact that the Asian Art Museum in the Park has a huge parking lot, and instead told us to park on one street south of the park. So our drive there was very frustrating. The next day, we asked the doorman (a different one) about getting to Point Reyes to the north, and he had no idea what that was or how to get there without looking at a map. And he had no maps to give to us. Even if the hotel may be catering to business people, they should know how to advise guests on tourist activities. We booked the room by calling the hotel directly, and got a great deal at $150 avg. per night (this was for June 2008). My relatives staying in the hotel paid almost as much through Expedia for a smaller, less interesting room. Parking in the nearby municipal garage was $15 per day, which is $10 less than the hotel's garage rate, and $20 less than in the Fisherman's Wharf area. The hotel is in a nice area -- especially Fillmore St., with its many small shops and restaurants. And there is no lack of Japanese restaurants in the neighborhood. We also like the Soko Hardware Store across the street on Post, and the Ichiban (Dollar Store-like) store in the attached mall. If they remodel, upgrade some of the amenities, and improve their concierge service, this hotel will be quite wonderful.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Lexi07
<Content>What a treat! My daughter read about this hotel on this site and talked usinto staying there. Such a great experiance... beautiful area(we'd never been to Japantown and really enjoyed it) thehotel is beautiful and the rooms heavenly. The Komono robeswere a surprise we weren't expecting. Also after checking inthe front desk called up to ask if we had everything we neededand to tell us about the evening tea... just call the front deskif we'd like to have complimentary tea between 6 and 9. We did and it was wonderful loose leaf tea served to usin a little tea pot with glasses and honey with lemon.The rooms were beautiful we had a view of Japantown, and beautiful rice shoju screens and painted japanesewomen on the wooden screens. It's a family favorite now..if I had one slight complaint it would be the shower set upcould be a tad more private. We'll definitly be back!!!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Yoshi02
<Content>Weekend trip Went to SF for the weekend, stayed 2 nights at Hotel Kabuki. It is a beautiful hotel. The bed was very nice. However I had called ahead of time and was told that our room would be the double double with a view and balcony in the tower part of the hotel just like I had reserved online. When we arrived we were told that we were changed to a family suite (an upgrade) but it was in the garden part of the hotel and on the first floor where we had a view of passing cars and no balcony or outside air. When I asked to change rooms the women at the front desk just stammered and stared at their monitors. The air conditioner didn't work so it was very hot in the room. Valet parking was a joke, $25.00 a night and I was told on the second night that I couldn't park there even though there were empty places. Found the staff to be not very friendly and never said thank you or looked us in the eye. I paid a lot of money for a room that I didn't want and was upset the whole time.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	2	5	1	2	4	

<Author>robbandy
<Content>Cool Hotel for a Unique SF Experience       Looking out from the Lobby to the Garden  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	4	5	

<Author>Young008
<Content>A great place to stay, central to everything. This hotel came highly recommended to us. We wanted to stay a few days in the Japan Town area of San Francisco for a few days when on holidays. The property has recently undergone renovations and is nicely done. The rooms are still a tiny bit dated, but the product in the rooms, especially the beds (kings beds, with feather duvets, amazing egyptian linens) They have a restaurant on site (Japanese and western style food) A must to experience, the servers in the dining room go out of their way to service you. There is a ton of restaurants and shops right across the street and in close walking distance to the hotel.The wharf, pier 39, shops are close, you can hop on a trolley just 10 minutes from the hotel and head to all the attractions at the wharf.Would for sure recommend this hotel as a place to stay when in San Francisco.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>AdventurePal
<Content>Beware Room 411       Room 2504  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Advancepsy
<Content>Delightful Oasis in Japantown After arriving at the hotel from a late flight, I was informed at check-in that I didn't have a reservation (no thanks to my administrative assistant who forgot). Nonetheless, the front desk person, Sherman, was very helpful. The lobby is just beautiful and room is an oasis from the hustle of the city. Our conference facilities were excellent. The bar and restaurant are exceptional. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>playagurl
<Content>Wonderful Hotel       Sitting area in Deluxe Double  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>allyblue_sf
<Content>Hotel Kabuki- Exceptional I would like to commend you for having such a wonderful staff at the Kabuki. And w/ that, I鈥檝e also got my clients and colleagues to stay there before  we all have the same praises for you guys. I鈥檝e stayed at your establishment a couple of times now and I must say, they raise the bar each time - most especially your front desk team, namely Mr. Reyes. As we all know, warmth and fine customer service is part of the industry but he definitely adds more of a personal value into it,  that separates you guys from the clich茅. It鈥檚 one thing to get the aesthetic qualities covered but it鈥檚 definitely another to combine it perfectly w/ exceptional service. Keep up the good work and looking forward for another hassle free stay at H.K once again!  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jacques059
<Content>Kabuki Just Right We stayed at the Kabuki for one night only on our way to New Zealand but we wished we could have stayed longer. All the staff we encountered were friendly, courteous and hospitable in true Japanese style. The room was comfortable; the hotel was quiet;the general ambience was one of peace and relaxation. We also appreciated the Japanese Garden. It was our kind of hotel. We hope to to stay there again and would like to try other Joie de Vivre Hotels in the future if there are up to the same standard as the Kabuki.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>BizTravlr71
<Content>Very nice and fair price This was a very nice hotel. It was in the Japanese area of the city and the staff were very accomodating. I had a king room with a view and the view itself was worth it. I overlooked the TransAmerica building to the left and the bay to the right. Truly breath taking. The price online at the hotel website was the most reasonable that I could find and it was under other hotel costs in the area. Since it was a business trip I had limited time and was not able to travel to the off-site bath house however the soaking tub in the room was amazing. I thiink that the hotel would be very comfortable for Japanese visitors as well. The menus contained half American dishes and half Japanese dishes. There were other nearby dining options if neither suited you. The only 2 things I was unsure of were whether I received club points for the Joie de Vivre membership I got right before booking my trip and whether someone was to come to the room with tea service (since I had this impression from a pre-stay email from the hotel). Neither of these factors affected my feeling about the stay whatsoever.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>saverycreek
<Content>A really nice alternative. We had a week in San Francisco for a convention and decided to take our two kids. That meant looking for a suite, so that we could put the kids to bed in one room and still stay up and watch TV and visit with friends in the other. The Kabuki had a variety of reasonably-priced suites that fit the bill, for just a bit more than a regular double room at the big-name convention hotel. (Note: the Kabuki's 'East-West' suite, with one Western bedroom and one Japanese tatami room, does not adequately isolate one room's sound from the other.) The 'Junior Suite' was great for our purposes. The kids had the big bed in their room while we had a foldaway futon in ours.The hotel is newly remodeled (it was the Miyako when I lived out there), and very comfortable. The staff seemed to be changing constantly, so it was hard to find a regular, 'go-to' person; however, everyone was professional and pleasant enough.Japantown is a nice part of the city, with plenty of (mostly Asian) dining options very close to the hotel. We found we could walk pretty much everywhere we wanted to go (we made the obligatory tourist trek up over Hyde Street to Fisherman's Wharf and even walked to the Tea Garden in Golden Gate Park). When we needed cabs, they were easy to find.The only drawbacks I can think of were the lack of any sort of bathrobes in the room -- a bit odd for a Japanese-style hotel -- and the rather slow wireless Internet. Also, refrigerators in the suites would be nice (NOT just for the idiotic mini-bar -- does anyone actually buy that overpriced crap?) However, all in all, we would gladly go back, and we were very glad we opted for the Kabuki over the mega-chain conference hotel.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>rogtravel
<Content>Very Nice Hotel with good location in Japantown We recently spent 3 nights in this recently renovated and renamed hotel in Japantown. It was our second stay there and both times we got a very nice view room with lots of room, good views of San Francisco, and a Japanese bath. The staff was very friendly. Both times we enjoyed promotional rates which were very good for San Francisco. This time the service was somewhat lacking--we didn't get our complimentary welcome wine or our daily newspaper. Also a couple items were missed during the room cleaning one day. Breakfast service in the bar was very slow (and expensive) both times we tried it. But overall it was a pleasant stay at a good price.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>She_Traveled_Afar
<Content>Four-star prices without four-star service I recently stayed at the Hotel Kabuki and found it, in a word, disappointing. The hotel is nice, that much is for certain, but patrons are not offered four-star caliber service to match the hotel's four-star prices.Upon arrival, I had expected to receive help with my two large suitcases and three personal bags, but there was no one to be found at the door---no doorman, no bell hop, nothing. I towed my luggage to the front desk, and while check-in was swift, I was not offered assistance with my bags. Worse, I was given insufficient directions to my room in the Garden Wing and found myself lost within five minutes of checking in to the property. I returned to the front desk and was given better directions by a different attendant. Had I not been saddled with so many bags, this episode might not have even registered as a negative...as it was, by the time I got to my room I was annoyed and fatigued.First impression: The room itself was billed as an Executive Sauna Suite. It consisted of two large rooms: a sitting/work area and a bedroom with attached bath and sauna. Though the rooms had recently been remodeled, damage had already set-in and made parts of the room look dingy. The paper on the shoji screens was ripped in several places, scuff marks dotted the walls, and the ceiling looked like it had been repaired and repainted several times. It was obvious that many of the flat surfaces in the bathroom had been somewhat shoddily re-faced with granite, rather than entirely replaced. In short, the room was nice, but far from perfect.Details: The Ipod dock was nice, but there was a dearth of convenient outlets for charging my laptop, phone, and camera. Adequate, comfortable bedding was appreciated. The toiletries were okay, and the towels were fluffy and only a few bore stains from previous users. Two flat-screen television sets featured a small number of stations from which to choose. With the drapes open, the room was nice and bright. During the evening hours, even with all the lamps on, the room was annoyingly dim. The lighting in the bathroom was the worst I have seen in some time. Most four-star hotels provide its occupants with some kind of lighted magnifying mirror for grooming, but not Hotel Kabuki. As a result, morning tasks were more difficult and more tiresome than they needed to be. Overall, the hotel was quiet. I only heard my neighbors a few times. Free wi-fi was nice when it worked. Special Bathroom Note: The bath area was separated from the sink area, which was also separated from the toilet. There was a door separating the bedroom from all of this. Each area had its own door, and privacy was never a concern. Room Service: Avoid the hotel's room service at all costs. It was overpriced, of course, and of exceedingly poor quality. I ordered dinner, which was only mediocre, and, on the day I checked-out, I ordered a scrambled egg breakfast which was inedible. The eggs were sulfurous and undercooked, the sausage was disgusting, the pastries were lacking, and the coffee was bitter. Worse, it was delivered by hasty staff interested not in presenting the meal but in collecting the tip. There is an art to room service that this hotel has not mastered. I assume the Denny's across the street would have been a better bet for both food and service.Housekeeping: Housekeeping was efficient and adequate. No complaints. (And no interruptions.)Business Center: I found it annoying that the business center;s computers are not free to use. Printing on their network looked to be a hassle, so I took my laptop to my room and wrote out information longhand.The day I checked out, a bellman was available to help with my bags and make first contact with my driver. That was an improvement.I doubt I would stay here again...unless I had a significant discount. The Kabuki wants to be a four-star hotel, but until they master the art of hospitality and true service, they will not deserve that rank.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	2	2	2	

<Author>psprof
<Content>Nice Room, Poor Service We got the executive suite with a sauna for a really good price during the middle of the week. The room was great, with a few minor details missing. The bath could use a new caulking and the dry sauna didn't get very hot (needed the steam to make it hot). The phone didn't work in the bedroom and after telling them, no one came to fix it. Which gets me to the service... When we checked in, we were not told to go up different elevators than in the lobby, so that was annoying. We were not offered the tea service. We were on the club floor with free breakfast. The coffee was empty and after asking the front for more, they never brought it (even 45 minutes later!). The location was great and the room was quiet. If we had a cheap room here, we would probably stay again, but this time won't expect 4 star service to go with the four star room.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	4	2	1	2	4	

<Author>trolleytransitman
<Content>A 4 Star plus in my book! This is a very nice hotel and should be rated 4 star. The staff is friendly and they have a free wine reception each evening in the lobby. The room was extra nice on the 5th floor club level. Breakfast was included on that floor also. Location in Japantown was very nice and unique. Also there were no bums laying on the sidewalk and begging like you see at the downtown hotels. A cab to Union Square is $8 or the Muni bus runs about every 5 minutes past the hotel on Geary and only costs $1.50. I will be sure to return to the Hotel Kabuki next time in San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sandra925
<Content>great location, we'll stay there again A friend recommended this hotel and we were not dissappointed. Great location and easy access to public transportation. Our room had a great view, was spacious, the bed was comfortable, and the japanese style bathtub was fantastic to soak in after a day of climbing all those hills. The attached restaurant was pricey but the breakfast was good. Our only complaints are minor ones: when we arrived no one seemed interested in helping us with our baggage and the room decor seemed to be a stranage mishmash of Asian and Western style decor, but that's just being picky. Try to get a room with a view, and take advanatage of that deep Japanese style soaking tub.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>dogs51846
<Content>Ideal place to stay and relax I have stayed at the Kabubi Hotel (Used to be called Miyako) many times. I can not rate it anything but a great place to stay and relax. The service is great and every one is extremely friendly and competent. The rates are reasonable and the rooms extremely clean and quiet. I always try and plan my trips far enough in advance so I am able to stay there. I can not recommend it enough.Frank Butterfield  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sdtaz
<Content>Great place off the beaten path I stayed at Hotel Kabuki for a convention and couldn't have been happier. When I checked in, they gave me an upgrade to the club level. A larger room, one of those wonderful soaking tubs (with whirlpool jets!) and free continental breakfast every morning. The room was wonderful. A king Sleep Number bed, IPOD docking alarm, plenty of room. Loved the free wi-fi. The staff was polite, helpful and attentive. Catching a cab was extremely easy...I never waited more than 5 minutes! I will absolutely stay here again...  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>MissLissaToo
<Content>Alright for a casual trip, go elsewhere if you want it to be special! My husband and I decided to stay here for our brief honeymoon. Too bad we were just not impressed with the service - we've gotten better at a Motel 6!All brides are told that hotels love honeymooners (get the anniversary business, right?). Well, I mentioned that this was our going to be our honeymoon when I booked the room. I replied to the email confirmation stating that this was a honeymoon (they had gotten our # of guests wrong). I even mentioned it at the front desk when we checked in. We weren't expecting extras or anthing, we already had the most expensive room, but a Congratulations would have been nice. (We had a private ceremony, so really not tired of hearing it).Nope, no congratulations. In fact, we got Call the front desk when you want your welcome tea, and then she walked away. Gee, thanks, I feel welcome already! In any case, we decided to call the front desk about an hour later. I said, I had a question about the welcome tea. Response Fine, someone will be there with your tea in 15 minutes and then hung up, no is that all or even letting me say thanks or that wasn't what I wanted.Well, my husband and I were in the room for another hour or so. No tea arrived. We finally decided to go to dinner. While leaving, we were joking around, kneeling to close the doors behind us, etc. (We were staying in the Japanese suite, where there are sliding doors from the entry way to the seating area, and more doors to the raised sleeping area). So, we're POSTIVE we closed the doors. When we returned about an hour later, the doors to the seating area AND the sleeping were open. Of course, I called the front desk, while my husband looked to see if anything was missing (or added). The front desk said No one would enter your room, you must not remember leaving the doors open. Of course, I said that I was sure we closed them. To which she replied, No one would enter, thank you and hung up. Yeeeaaa...At that point, we decided to just stop dealing with the people at the hotel, and just enjoy Japantown.Too bad that at 9am, we had banging on the door for housekeeping. Apparently she decided to ignore the Do Not Disturb sign on our door. I did open the door to make sure it was still on there. Yes, it was hanging nicely from the door handle. What a dirty look I got for pointing it out, and stating that we wouldnt be out of the room until at least 11:30.The room itself was lovely, though. I thoroughly approve of the bath products they place in the room, quality is excellent. The hotel does look better than the last time we stayed there, when we got engaged.We celebrated there after getting engaged. We went there for our brief honeymoon. It was the intention to go back every year for our anniversary... but we think they missed out on that repeat business. Recommended? Not if you want anything resembling courtesy. If you dont care about people being polite, then go for it!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>fatdog2
<Content>Can't wait to return!!! We have never stayed in Japantown before and we must say that it is a great location. We were able to take the bus everywhere. The hotel is wonderfully clean, friendly staff (especially the day doorman) and it has a fun bar. We will go back!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MsMarg0
<Content>I Loved It, But Not for Everyone I really loved my stay at the Hotel Kabuki, but it鈥檚 not a hotel for everyone. I鈥檒l elaborate below.The Room: I spent the extra for a corner king room, and I was glad that I did. The room was on the 14th floor, and the view was spectacular! The sliding glass doors on 2 walls were covered with sliding shoji screens and stepped out onto a narrow balcony which ran around the whole corner of the room. The room had a small entry hallway with one closet. Half the closet, though, was filled by a large bookcase which held the minibar, the coffee maker, the coffee service, the safe, and a tray of minibar snacks. Tucked into the open side of the closet were two folded luggage stands. The room itself was large and contained a chaise, a glass-top desk with a TV, a desk chair, a low glass table, and a second chair. The bed was unfortunately one of those almost-a-king beds and my husband鈥檚 feet stuck off the end. The bed itself was very comfy with a warm duvet and fluffy pillows. On either side of the bed were endtables. You鈥檒l note I never said 鈥渄resser.鈥?The room only has half a closet and the two small drawers in each endtable. If you come for a week, or like to unpack fully, you鈥檒l find yourself living out of your suitcase. The TV was a very low-end flat screen, and we had to wiggle the cables to get a good picture. Because of the arrangement of the room, we also had to pull the desk into the middle of the room to see the TV from the bed. On one of the endtables is a clock/radio that is also an iPod dock, so you can have your favorite music and leave your charger at home. The heat/AC were very old controls, and was strangely noisy on the middle fan setting, but not on low or high. The room was in pretty good shape, although the wallpaper was peeled back where one of the shoji screens rubbed on it.The Bathroom: The bathroom was in 3 sections, the toilet closet with a solid door, the sink area, and the shower/tub separated by a glass door. The room comes with a Japanese bath. If you鈥檝e never seen one, imagine two tubs side-by-side. Now take out one tub, but leave the faucet and handles and then tile the floor. Make the 2nd tub narrower and pull the sides up to knee height. Where the 1st tub was there is a low wooden stool and small bucket that you use to soap and rinse, then you get into the 2nd tub which is just for soaking. It was also been fitted with a showerhead, for us Americans, but if you鈥檙e taller than 5鈥?鈥?you鈥檒l need to bend over to rinse your hair. The water pressure was great and the water was always nice and hot. The bathroom comes with an exfoliating soap for your scrub, bath salts for your soak, as well as the usual shampoo, conditioner, lotion, and hairdryer. The toilet closet was quite spacious, so even the largest guy wouldn鈥檛 feel cramped.Service: Check-in  check-out were quick and pleasant. After you settle into your room, you can call down for complimentary hot tea service. It was served in a great iron teapot. Our doorman 鈥?a happy Buddha-shaped guy 鈥?recommended a Chinese restaurant across the street that was some of the best Chinese I鈥檝e ever had (San Wang Restaurant). The room was always very clean. We called down for extra towels the one night that we took a Japanese bath, and although they took a long time to come, we got a huge stack of towels, two extra bath salts, a roll of TP, and a box of tissues. They had us covered! Every night from 5-6:00 there is free wine and sake in the lobby. We also got a free breakfast and 2-for-1 drank coupon for the hotel鈥檚 restaurant. The breakfast was the usual American buffet, but service was fast and attentive. We also could have gone for free to the Kabuki Springs  Spa which is about a block away, but we didn鈥檛 have time. The room should have had free wifi, but we could never get a signal 鈥?not even in the lobby. There is cab stand right outside the hotel, and a bus stop 陆 block away. The 3-day Passport is a great deal for $18, considering it鈥檚 $5 to ride the cable car just once. Bus service is fast, efficient and runs 24-hours.Overall: This was great, fun hotel. My husband and I loved the Japanese theme. The location right next to the Japan Center gave us tons to eat and tons to shop. The downsides were the short bed, the lack of wifi, the poor TV, the lack of a dresser, and very short shower.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	1	

<Author>chimoose
<Content>Truly unique boutique hotel I checked into the Hotel Kabuki simply because I was attending a conference there - no expectations as to the quality or personality of the hotel.I was pleasantly surprised by this unique hotel on the edge of San Francisco's famed Japan Town. It has recently been refurbished (substantially, from what I understand) and is very tasteful. It's quiet and private, with staff who are understated but eager to serve. I was greeted in the lobby with a sake tasting; it was the perfect introduction.My room, a king room on the corner of the 12th floor, was terrific. The Japanese theme holds through to the guest rooms; mine had the additional bonus of being a corner room with a small balcony overlooking Japan Town to the west and Cathedral Hill to the south. The highlight, though, was the Japanese bath . . . a very deep tub meant for soaking with aromatic bath salts. Outside the tub was a separate faucet and stool meant to be used for washing before entering the tub. It was quite an experience!The conference center was well-appointed, and the staff again was very courteous and efficient. The food at the conference was unique and good - not spectacular.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cindyandrich
<Content>Terrific Time! My husband and I celebrated our 24th anniversary at Hotel Kabuki, and we had an amazing time! We arrived in the pouring rain and were pleasantly greeted with sake and wine tasting before we even got to the front desk to check-in. When we checked in with Michael at the front desk, he upgraded our room when he found out we were celebrating our anniversary. Tomo refilled our glasses with sake and invited us to take our glasses with us to our room. Later that evening, Michael delivered more of the yummy sake and some delightful, tasty snacks as a nice anniversary treat. I jumped in for an enjoyable soak in the wonderful tub--the sake was a great complement to the bath! Then we enjoyed the lights of San Francisco in our corner room. The room was nicely furnished, and the Lather bath products were a nice touch. In the morn, we awoke to a beautiful sunrise sneaking over the buildings on the horizon. We had the weekend planned and took Michael up on his offer to help us with anything we needed--we wanted to take a bottle of the yummy sake home with us. Michael got us a bottle. We would highly recommend Hotel Kabuki. The price was right, the room was great, and the staff was awesome. Parking was good for a large city: we parked in the underground lot next to the hotel--very easy access and out of the continuous rain. We didn't spend near enough time in the hotel. And, we didn't take time to enjoy the Kabuki Spa, which we heard was great. Guess we'll have to plan that on our next visit to SanFrancisco--and we'll definitely stay at Hotel Kabuki!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>loafingexec
<Content>A great place to stay in SF I stayed at the Kabuki as part of a conference, or I might never have found it. What a gem. Rooms are wonderfully renovated, including a great Japanese tub and shower, Japanese decor and wireless in the rooms and hotel lobby. Right in Japantown, a block off Geary, which has buses straight to downtown/Powell area. Free happy hour for guests on weekdays 5-6. Check out the affiliated Kabuki Spa and pools, but unless you have a massage appointment, be prepared for a wait for the public pools. At least at our group rate, it was a great value. Although the lobby amenities don't match the Hyatts of the world, the rooms themselves were every bit as comfortable..  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>mjmorin
<Content>Great value lux-light hotel My husband and I stayed at the KH for 11 days, combining business and pleasure. We requested an Executive Suite which was overall an outstanding value, very large and comfortable for a long stay. We had requested a quiet location, which was honored. While the executive suites are lovely and comfortable, the lighting is not ideal for actually working in the room as the lamps provided are quite dim. However, there is a lovely desk with a comfortable office chair, copious/convenient electrical outlets and free WIFI which was seamless. There is also an in-room safe which accomodates laptops. The added bonus of this room is the sauna in the bathroom.Constructive criticisms: the inconsistent housekeeping, particularly noticeable over the weekend. The room itself was always cleaned, but removal of dirty glasses was variable, we had to request wineglasses daily from the front desk, outside carpet needed vacuuming. The front desk staff was extremely responsive and should be commended on their customer service approach. The restaurant is a joke compared to the copious other excellent options in the immediate area. For those not familiar with SF, this hotel is not in the thick of things of San Francisco but in Japantown which we actually wanted. For breakfast, head up Filmore (4 blocks away) to one of the boulangeries. Overall a great stay, not the Peninsula, but an outstanding value and wonderful customer service. Just skip the restaurant.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>klcarpenter85
<Content>Great Hotel!! Wow. A great hotel! Hospitality was great and very accommodating. The access to the Miyako mall and Japan town is great (didn't even have to get wet). The king suites are very spacious and the Japanese style baths are great for soaking in. When we arrived, they had us in a western style room (which was still very spacious) but we wanted a Japanese style room. The front desk fixed it in a flash and gave a new room. The king bed was a sleep number and very comfortable and the linens were soft. The bath even had a small sauna (which was great for drying wet clothes after it rained). The downsides of the place is the difficulty to get a taxi and how far it is from other attractions in the city. But its still only a $7-$10 taxi ride to anywhere you would want to go (straight down Post street). Public Transportation is also convenient. But if you enjoy the Nissei culture, then this is the place to stay!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zopa
<Content>Fabulous Stay at the Kabuki! My husband and I just came back from a 5 night stay at the Kabuki. It was the most wonderful hotel we have ever stayed in. We have stayed in other nice hotels in San Francisco and other cities but this one was the best. The staff were ever so courteous and accommodating. At first we were given a smaller King bedroom on the 16th floor which was quite nice but was not what we had booked (we had booked the larger renovated King corner room that had a sitting area and 2 glass doors/windows with balcony). When we brought this to their attention, they immediately moved us to the 15th floor corner King room and offered to move our belongings. I am not sure why there was a mix up but they took care of it promptly and graciously. Both rooms were clean and well taken care of and have a nice Japanese decor. The spaciousness and comfort of the sitting area with chaise lounge, chair and glass coffee table was a welcome treat after walking the streets of S.F. The deep japanese tub soothed our muscles and mind--no need for a hot tub spa! I especially loved opening the soji screens in the morning to look out over the city and mountains. It is also pretty at night with the city lights. Having a covered though narrow balcony to step out on to feel the fresh air was nice too even when it was raining. The housekeeping was exceptional.  Further staff accommodation/kindness: One evening we inquired about where to buy a bottle of wine. When the front desk staff said it would be quite a walk and it was raining, they then produced a bottle for us, no charge! Only 3 minor areas would enhance the room: 1. Put a sliding door to close off the bathroom 2. Have a chest of drawers for clothing 3. Offer black and green tea with the in-room coffee set up. Check specials as prices can vary. Our cost was $125 but 2 weeks later I saw that it was $179. It would have been worth it for that room but also would have been beyond our budget.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JPinOakland
<Content>Nice place My wife and I live in the Bay Area and wanted to get away for a couple of nights alone (no kids). My wife insisted that wherever we stayed, it had to have a good sized tub. I think all of the rooms here have deep Japanese soaking tubs, so she was pleased. The bed was quite comfortable.I agree with most of the other reviews, the rooms are on the small size, but that is standard for SF. The staff is really terrific and the restaurant was soooo nice. It was my bday, so they comped us on the entire dessert bill, including drinks! The other nice feature is that it's attached to the Japan Town Mall, which is totally enclosed and has a nice selection of restaurants to choose from.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Meyta
<Content>Heavenly Kimono Robes       Guestroom  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>California28
<Content>Being in Japan again We visited Japan a couple of years ago and enjoyed staying at a hotel in the Hakone region. That hotel was geared to domestic Japanese tourists and we stayed in a tatami room. The tatami room at the Kabuki was fairly authentic except it didn't have the Toto toilet and it smelled musty. Like the hotel in Japan there were no lights by the futon bed on the floor so when I got up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom, I couldn't turn on a light until I got to the bathroom. Fortunately there was enough light from the lights outside on the street shining through the shoji screens for me to see.Guests are offered a tea service which was delivered to our room. I wanted a very light tea but it was served from an airpot where the tea had steeped too long so it was bitter.The employees were very courteous and helpful. When the TV remote didn't work, my husband called the front desk and an employee came promptly to our room and gave us a replacement.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>agarrz
<Content>Loved the Kabuiki Exceptional service! The Kabuki is conveniently located and newly remodeled. Rooms are nicely appointed and comfortable. The restaurant was surprisingly good for both breakfast and dinner. But what makes the property stand out is the truly exceptional service! Every single staff person we came in contact with was a delight - helpful, knowledgeable and very, VERY nice. This hotel has my strongest recommendation.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>BeachChair
<Content>Very Friendly Staff Good remodel of the Miyako. Every staff member was exceedingly friendly. Room offered tight quarters between desk and bed, so may not be the best for heavy business. Hotel restaurant very good and plenty of room. Quiet area. Only noise came from loud door latching in hallways. Better soundproofing around doors would help. Taxis have to be called as there are none that wait there. Eat at Florios - 5 blocks away for great food.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>PADRERULES
<Content>Hotel restaurant is the best Ate breakfast  dinner at the hotel restaurant, the O Izekaya Lounge  everything was just an awersome experience.Food was great  also the service from the staff.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Peneloper1
<Content>Pretty nice My husband and I just got back from a 6-night stay at Hotel Kabuki, and for the most part, enjoyed our stay. We reserved and were presented with a renovated deluxe king room, only to be disappointed! Although it was on the 16th floor, our room was tiny and a bit outdated. The room was very clean, but smelled of smoke. The bed wasn't a king, and the view from the room was very average. The staff was nice enough to relocate us. We settled for the same type of room on the other side of the floor, which was slightly larger and had a king-sized bed. The view into the city was spectacular. Although the walls were paper thin, we found the 16th floor to be very quiet.We LOVED our soaking tub, our cozy bed, the free internet, and the festive decor. We also appreciated the wine hour, the great martinis in the bar, the front desk, and literally being in Japantown. We highly recommend parking underground for half the cost of valet, and reserving a room as high up as possible for a good night's sleep. The front desk even gave us a half bottle of cabernet for no reason-what a nice touch! We always found our room as neat as a pin when returning back in the afternoon.We did NOT like the lack of storage space in the room (where to put clothes?), nor the desk and chair being inches away from the bed-I had to climb over the bed to get to the other side of the room when my husband was working at the desk. We also did not appreciate the inappropriate conversation made by the bellman upon arrival. We were not given the tea service as promised, but maybe they were too busy? Being that the rooms are so tiny, we would probably opt for a corner room if we were to return.Overall, we felt that our stay was a great value, yet presented some awkward moments. The staff does make a valiant effort to accommodate the guests, and we left very content with our experience.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Triptaker365
<Content>excellent-- If you can sleep through intermittent thunderous traffic My room was pleasant, extremely clean, and I really liked the comfortable bed and the selection of pillows. The Japanese touches in the room, especially the bathroom, were fun. The staff was efficient and friendly and the location was good. The room rates were reasonable and the free Internet was a nice perk. BUT-- my room, for five nights, faced Post street. Every few minutes, I could hear loud thunderous roar caused by trucks straining their way uphill. The noise was especially bothersome after 5 in the morning. I don't understand why they haven't installed soundproof windows. The loud noises marred an otherwise wonderful stay.There is a restaurant inside that seemed to be good but I didn't have a chance to eat there. There is also an exercise room. If you can handle public transportation (why not, this is San Francisco), buses costing $1.50 run up and down Geary very frequently (right behind the hotel). So you can avoid taking taxis for many simple trips, especially during working hours.A variety of fine and not-so-fine Japanese and Asian restaurants are nearby. But no Starbucks or similar cafe was visible within walking distance. It was amusing to see a Denny's in Japantown, two blocks from the hotel. On the last day, I noticed a Peet's Coffee sign in themovie theater window a couple of blocks away.Aside from the disturbing intermittent traffic noise, Hotel Kabuki seemed to be a fine place. I would definitely stay there again if they renovate their windows (or if I can get some efficient earplugs).  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>engaged14
<Content>not a good room experience Did not like the room i got. Payed $199 dollars for it. Received a corner room. Only 6 inches of room to get inside the room because a bed dresser was in the entrance way next to the bed. the bed was facing the window. Bad feng shui for chinese people. Bathroom was good. But terrible room layout. I couldnt get my luggage through the entrance that i had to pick it up so i wouldnt hit the dresser with my luggage. I will never sleep at this place again especially at a rate i paid. I should of just stayed at Clarion near the airport where i've stayed before and paid half the price and received a larger room. Customer service was okay. Nothing special.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>youngarchi
<Content>Excellent place to stay       Shoji screens in room  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>dboth
<Content>Yes, you should stay here! This was the second time we stayed at this hotel within the year, and would not hesitate to come back again. Perfect location for Japantown, and convenient for the rest of the city, too, without being downtown in all that craziness. Convenient shopping and parking.Wonderful beds!!! Clean rooms, in traditional styling. Love the deep soaking tubs! The only improvement I would recommend would be to add a sliding wood panel door between bedroom and bath, for privacy (in bathing area) and so that turning on bathroom light at night doesn't disturb those sleeping.Best of all, this hotel is across the street from Bushi-tei, a fabulous (1 Michelin Star) Asian-French fusion restaurant, that is an incredible dining experience!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>babette1
<Content>New upgrades make the Kabuki even better! I recently stayed at the Hotel Kabuki, formerly known as the Miyako Hotel, and was happy to see that the new upgrades had made the hotel even more attractive than before. I booked a corner king room with a deep Japanese tub. This time I was only on the 4th floor, so didn't have much of a view, but the room had big windows and a comfortable bed.  Included in my room package (booked at the hotel's website, jdv.com) was a $20 coupon for O-Izakaya, the newly-opened restaurant on the 1st floor, where I sampled high grade sake and small dishes of Japanese fusion cuisine. I followed the suggestions of my knowledgeable waiter, and ordered a wonderful scallop dish, and an interesting Japanese mini-donut dessert. The dishes are small and meant to be shared, so don't go here if you are ravenous and have a small pocketbook. I visited my usual spots, including Kinokuniya Bookstore, the Paper Tree Origami Shop and the Japanese dollar store by the hotel above the bank. The hotel is conveniently located smack dab in the middle of Japantown, and is near most major tourist attractions.I always enjoy the deep Japanese bath, but was puzzled to see that the shower just outside of the tub had been removed, making it difficult to wash before getting into the soaking tub. Just a small quibble for an otherwise perfect visit.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DDTexas
<Content>Joie de Vivre Hotel was a joy A friend had described a recent stay in SF that sounded delightful so I checked in to her suggestion. We did not choose that one, but it was part of the Joie de Vivre Hotels chain. As I looked at other options they had to offer, I became interested in the Hotel Kabuki .We were looking for something a bit different in San Francisco at Christmas--NOT drowning in Christmas decor--and a Japanese themed hotel seemed like the ticket. Then, the location turned out to be central. We loved it. Went everywhere on buses or walked. Staff could not have been nicer. Rooms very nicely appointed and I thought the rate was a bargain. Our view was fantastic. We booked a couple of nights for othere family members and they were equally impressed. A small problem did arise, but it was far overshadowed by how well it was handled. I will definitely look to Joie de Vivre Hotels for future visits to CA.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>firecatstef
<Content>Nice room, good housekeeping, no Internet We stayed at the Kabuki the weekend before Christmas. We booked the executive sauna suite at what we considered a very reasonable price. We love the location of the hotel right next to the Japantown mall.The room was beautiful, modern, and spacious, with comfortable furniture. The bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've slept in and it didn't bounce around like a lot of hotel beds, so I could turn over at night without disturbing my partner. My partner liked the sauna. The living area and sleeping area are separated by a translucent screen, which is what might be expected of a Japanese style room but isn't what we were hoping for, because one of us likes to go to sleep early in a dark room and the other likes to stay up late with a light on.The bathtub wasn't quite what I was expecting (it was similar to a typical Western bathtub, but the sides were a bit taller, and there was no bathing area outside the tub). My partner asked to see a room with a soaking tub setup, but the room was a lot smaller than what we had, so we didn't move.The hotel advertises free wireless Internet, but it rarely worked in our room. No wired Internet was available as far as I could tell. We didn't get the advertised welcome tea service. That was OK with us.We had good service from the housekeeping staff. One day we asked them to clean our room right away because we were leaving and coming back shortly. They did. Another day we didn't want any housekeeping, so we left the Do Not Disturb sign up all day, and they honored it鈥攖hey just left a card saying If you want housekeeping, phone. (These days most hotels will bug you even if you leave the sign out.) My partner had trouble hooking his laptop up to the TV, and they reasonably promptly sent a service person up who helped figure it out.We had some minor issues with bell service. A bell person was not available when we arrived. We had loaded our own luggage onto a cart and were heading to our room when one appeared and followed us to our room, perhaps hoping to get a tip for not actually doing anything. We had planned to use valet parking, and we used it for a couple of hours on our first day there, but after we got back for the evening, the lot was full and we were directed to self park in the Japantown lot. Not so terrible, it turned out - the Japantown lot is cheaper anyway (which we knew), and has parking directly under the hotel (which we didn't know). We didn't get charged for the few hours of valet parking we had.Maybe I'm behind the times, but I expect the staff of a hotel of this class to be willing to call a taxi when requested. My expectations were not met. The first time we requested a taxi, the bell person got us one but acted like he was doing us a big favor. The second time, he said it would take less time if we went out to the taxi stand in front of the hotel and hailed a taxi ourselves. That was a bit uncomfortable because one of us is mobility impaired and we had to stand there for a while.We ate at the hotel restaurant twice for breakfast. The coffee was good and promptly refilled. The food was OK-to-good. One time we had to wait a long time for a table even though the restaurant was almost empty.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	4	3	1	

<Author>neaNyc
<Content>Japanese Bliss-American style We really enjoyed our family (2 adults, 2 children) stay at the Kabuki hotel. It is centrally located and we were able to get around the city easily. The hotel is connected to a mall with inexpensive food items----an array of Japanese food and there is dining at the hotel as well. Spent time in the small but empty fitness room and very much enjoyed the Japanese soaking tub in the room. Hotel guests receive one free pass to the Kabuki spring/spa bath house but book spa treatments well in advance!!!!!!-I was unable to book any treatments during my stay.Would stay again...the rooms were clean and stylish and the daily wine tasting cocktail hour was a lovely touch.The room was a little small for 4 but I was told it might be tight. Next time, we will book the family suite off the garden.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rainbug593
<Content>Mixed bag While it's location and price are reasonable, I had anmixed experience at this hotel. My boyfriend and I booked this hotel as a romantic weekend getaway. The Joie de Vivre addition was obviously still in the awkward teenage years of a redo. The lobby was wonderfully Zen in its decor. We paid for a King bed with a balcony and a view of the city. I was less than impressed with what the reality was. The balcony was a concrete slab and wall that extended less than a foot from the room and connected with the next room over (no privacy). It looked less than updated. The view wasn't bad...a generic city view... nothing to write home about. And while the room we booked, and most of the rooms at the Kabuki tout their traditional Japanese soaking tubs... they were laughable. If you weigh over 140 pounds (like me), fitting into one of these tubs is a tough sell. The shower head was broken and the shower door was not sealed (so water got everywhere on the floor). The pouring bucket proved to be more useful than the shower head. As for the hotel staff, I would say they were giving about 50%. Every time I called downstairs for a taxi it took 10-20 rings for them to pick up. When my boyfriend called from the airport it took 18 rings for them to pick up- which was more than frustrating. When we finally got hold of them, they were very helpful in giving direction and restaurant advice. The beds and bedding were the most impressive thing about the whole experience. They were perfect. The room was very small, there was barely enough room to move around it. There were no curtains per se, just sliding wooden panels (which did not do a good job of keeping out the morning sunlight). A few things to keep in mind, before you arrive, bring earplugs (it's a noisy part of town) and bring your own room service (as they haven't gotten to that part of the renovations yet).  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	2	3	2	4	

<Author>kmekat
<Content>Zen in Kabuki Our family always stays here when we go to SF, and for good reason. Kabuki creates a great hotel experience, down to the details: hot tea served in a cast-iron kettle, a wonderful unique square tub, patios with views of the city which open by sliding the wooden doors that have beautiful Japanese paintings (..now that was a long sentence!) And during off-season, you can find some great room rates. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DMLLosAngeles
<Content>Great Price/Performance This was probably the sixth or seventh time my wife and I have stayed at this hotel in the last year and a half. so obviously we are quite comfortable here. However, this is the first time we have stayed since the completion of the recent renovation, and I can say that it really makes a difference. There are still some niggly issues with small details, but the overall experience is extremely positive. The pluses are as follows:1. The rooms are spacious - we have always stayed in corner rooms.2. The bathrooms are in general spacious, and the new arrangement is quite appealing.3. The new room furniture is far more contemporary than the old furniture - now there are flat screen TVs, and the everything is updated.4. The linens - both bath and bed - have been significantly upgraded and can hold their own with any top level hotel.5. We ate at the completely redone Japanese restaurant and had an excellent meal. The waiter knew the menu inside and out. His recommendations hit the spot. The best dishes were dirt cheap.6. This is probably the best hotel to stay in San Francisco, if you have a car and don't want to pay an arm and a leg for parking. We were able to self park within 100 feet of the room elevators at a cost of $15/night. We were within a mile of downtown without any of the traffic. There was never a wait to get in or out of the lot or any problem of finding a parking space regardless of time of day. Having spent $51/day at the Mark for parking in the past, this is an absolute bargain. Plus it's centrally located7. As usual, the staff was very friendly.So what are the negatives?1. The Kabuki is not the Four Seasons - the total luxury of a world class hotel is not here - but then neither are the room rates.2. One day our room was not made up until early evening. This was a minor pain, but it should not have happened.3. The rooms could have more lighting.4. The new furniture has less drawer space than the old. This only matters if you are traveling for an extended period of time, which we are frequently doing.All and all, the Kabuki offers a great price/performance package, so the minor negatives are vastly outweighed by the overall positives cited above.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Shoshan
<Content>Loved the Kabuki Hotel My husband and I needed a hotel room for only one night and chose the Kabuki Hotel. The hotel was wonderful and the staff very accommodating. We were generously greeted upon check-in with complimentary sake and/or wine which was a lovely touch. Our room was gorgeous and we treated ourselves to the Japanese bath treatment (ofuro) provided in our room complete with step by step instructions. We felt transported in time and country. The attention to detail in the room and the atttentive staff made our stay truly memorable and we wished we'd had time to stay additional nights. Though the hotel was under renovation, we were not inconvenienced in any way.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sar53
<Content>Rip-off bar but good hotel The room was great, the service was very good but I was hugely disappointed with the bar. The hotel has directions to a bar in the lobby and the bar we were lead to was a stupid Karaoke Bar. We stayed for 2 drinks each and we were charged 50 euros for 4 drinks altogether- an absolute rip-off!!!!!! I blame the hotel for that, even though the bar can be accessed through the hotel into a small shopping complex. We were charged for listening to the japanese singers who were useless, just cause we wanted a few drinks without wanting to go down the street. This was the so-called hotel bar as such. It sort of ruined the goodness of the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>2	3	5	4	5	3	1	5	

<Author>bdeml
<Content>Could be a great hotel, but... I thought this hotel would be much better based on the reviews. It's true that the lobby is spotless and when you're there it seems like it will be a great stay, but it seems like they gave, like, 75% effort on our stay. Some of the disappointments were:1. No ice bucket. Had to call downstairs and wait 15 minutes for one to be brought up. (Isn't there a checklist of some kind for the housekeeping staff?)2. Broken shower bracket meant I had to hold the shower thing by the handle the whole time. An almost relaxing shower.3. Sliding glass doors to balcony is shared with the room next door. Before you jump out of bed, swing the curtains open and say Good Morining San Francisco! be sure to check the folks from the room next door aren't looking into your room. Also, the balcony sliding doors where unlocked when we arrived which means if we hadn't checked, we'd have left all our stuff in there totally accessible by the next door neigbors via the shared balcony.4. Bare wall patch where they had done some repairs in our room, but not repaired enought to paint or paper over. Oh yea, very Zen spackle job there.5. Security Risk - although there is a sign when entering the hotel through the totally Public parking garage in the basement saying someone will have to buzz you into the hotel... we just parked, opened the door to the hotel and took the elevator directly to the 10th floor and our room! How can you ever trust a knock on the door for room service after that kind of a security hole in a major city?Anyway, this is a nice location and the lobby and decorating hint at superb service, but it's like the management is alseep at the switch, so you get good service only when a particular staff member feels like it... 75% of the time.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>YoshikoSacramento
<Content>Weekend Getaway Hotel Kabuki is the newly renovated version of one of my old standbys, Hotel Miyako. Now managed by the Joie de Vivre chain, Hotel Kabuki is a sleeker rendition of its former self. I loved the new decor. More, I loved the personal attention. Although the hotel is still rolling out its services, I like the idea of being welcomed soon after check-in by a tea cart with your choice of teas. The service was not available when we checked in, but we were the first to try the bath butler services. The assistant manager went out of her way to make the experience special by fulfilling my request for hot sake. Members of the Joie de Vivre Club receive a room upgrade, and we were provided with a suite for the weekend. This is not the fanciest hotel in San Francisco, but I think good service trumps almost everything else when it comes to a great hotel stay. I really appreciate that no one knocked on our door at 8:00 a.m. to hurry us out so the room could be cleaned. There were some rough spots, like we were missing some towels, but the hotel is still shaking out. I look forward to returning.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>CarmelCoasttraveler
<Content>Zen-like stay We chose Hotel Kabuki for a two-night celebration of our anniversary because we love the Joie de Vivre hotel chain. Hotel Kabuki was yet another wonderful stay for us. We loved the quiet, Zen-like atmosphere of our room, the art-filled lobby, wine-reception, and wonderfully attentive staff. Our Japanese deep-soaking tub simply added to the atmosphere and our first evening was capped by an absolutely amazing dinner in their newly opened restaurant. The server, manager and chef were attentive鈥攖he food fantastic and all of it sustainably farmed, grown or fished. All of this located conveniently in Japantown near Fillmore Street. Fantastic value! We can鈥檛 wait to return!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravellerC
<Content>A Nice Hotel I chose the Hotel Kabuki because we were seeing a concert at The Fillmore and wanted to be within walking distance of the venue. I made reservations through the hotel website. We arrived around 5pm. Weparked in the Japan Center Garage which has an entrance to the hotel. The cost was $15 for an 8-24 hour period. Which is not bad for SF. We chose to park here instead of trying the hotel parking after reading reviews. We saved ourselves time and frustation as the hotel parking lot is truly a small parking lot (appx. 20 cars). Check-in was smooth and quick. We even received a complimentary room upgrade. The recent renovation could be seen throughout the hotel. Thelobby was beautiful and the room was great. The Japanese motif throughout the hotel has a very calming effect. After checking in we headed out to find the venue and some dinner. TheFillmore is about 5 blocks away. We were very comfortable walking around the area. We ate a Korean restaurant nearby the venue. It was quite good (but I've forgotten the name). We had time after dinner to walk around before the start of the show. There is a little mall near the hotel which has quite a few restaurants in it. We were disappointed we didn't think of walking through there first as there were quite a few restaurants we were interested in eating at. The bed was extremely comfortable. So much so that I didn't want to get up in the morning. And the bath/shower was wonderful. We received complimentary passes to the public bath but were unable to use them since we were only there for the night. Hopefully next time. We had an ejoyable stay and look forward to staying there again.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>curlytop990
<Content>Peaceful Oasis Newly renovated (Nov 1, 2007), this hotel has a calm adn restful Japanese decor. The new Lounge is wonderful, great sake and food selections. Safe place, and living in japan town was a great experience. Taxi's are available easily, and so is public transpotation, although I did not use one. The staff is very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GochisoGourmet
<Content>Renovated Bliss We would only stay at the former Miyako Hotel while in The City. The renovation and renaming to Hotel Kabuki continued the great accomodations. With a central location, loads of parking (which is at a premium in San Francisco) and a newly renovated room, the Hotel Kabuki will continue to be our prime hotel in The City. Also got to try a Sleep Number bed that the original Bionic Woman espouses on those infommercials.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Beryl_Markham
<Content>Patience rewarded with a serene performance A fabulous renovation is under way at the former Hotel Miyako in the Japan Center, SF. It is now known as The Kabuki Hotel and operated by the Joie de Vivre boutique hotel group. The staff could not have been friendlier and more helpful. We were upgraded to a suite the night we checked in. We had reserved a JdV online special King view room with Japanese soaking tub. Unfortunately our upgrade was to a partially renovated suite, not in the view tower. The room was a weird combination of a tatami-room bedroom (bed on the floor) and a western-style bed in a room separated by shoji screens. The bathroom was a little odd, it had a flip down bathroom scale!? The brand new flat screen tv was not visible from the beds, or any other piece of furniture in the room for that matter. After some rearranging, one of us was able to watch tv comfortably. The (western) king size bed was comfortable, the room quiet and we had a great night's sleep. I'm sure this is going to be a very nice room when the renovation is complete. The next morning I called the front desk and we were given the room we had originally reserved with no fuss. THAT room was fantastic, completely renovated in beautiful, soothing colors and relaxing textures. We had a view to the east looking at downtown SF. It was a very comfortable and elegant room, full of special touches, such as an obi decorating the top of the bed covers, Japanese pottery and sliding screens decorated with a Japanese Lord and Lady. The Japan Town neighborhood is lively and full of wonderful places to eat, fun shopping at Ichi Ban Kan (the Japanese dollar store) and other more traditional Asian stores in the center. It is also within walking distance of the Filmore shopping district with again, great eating, drinking and fun shops to explore. This is a great alternative to the noise and bustle of Union Square. Discover a different San Francisco neighborhood!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>hola_y_saludos
<Content>Comfortable stay, nice amenities at the Hotel Kabuki I just returned from a three night stay at the Hotel Kabuki. The hotel was convenient to lovely restaurants in the Japantown area, as well as close to the Filmore district for shopping and more lovely restaurants. The bed was comfortable with soft pillows, and a nice treat was the japanese style bath with deep soaking tub. I was there for a conference, the conference facilities were nice, as was the catering. I especially appreciated the free wireless internet access and the business center.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>HoosierProf
<Content>Wonderful hotel! Hotel Kabuki has a wonderful, peaceful ambience and an attentive, friendly staff. I would love to stay there every time I go to San Francisco!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wstmark
<Content>problematic stay! Having just undergone rennovation there was no room service, no mini bar and alarms that went off in the night. The restaurant is currently closed. The neighborhood closes early and by 8pm there is no local convenience store, you need a cab to get a soda!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	1	4	1	2	4	

<Author>Texican56
<Content>Great Hotel Rooms were as promised, beds comfortable. Parking limited but public parking is below building  $15 per night, no in/out. You can usually park at the Hotel during the day and when you come in for the night - park in the public garage..Cash only.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mononofu
<Content>Great location and love the Japanese style!!   showReview(10450962, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>yhuuilp
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Kabuki   showReview(10408762, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cmac3
<Content>Excellent stay!!       View out of north sliding door (14th floor)  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pittmala
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised--we'd come back!       Miyako Hotel San Francisco lobby  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AwlBidnz
<Content>Not ready for prime time   showReview(10284282, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bogus-Blogus
<Content>Pleasantly surprised   showReview(10265671, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>momfroma2z
<Content>Great Time at the Kabuki   showReview(10209405, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lnTraveling
<Content>Great stay at the Miyako (aka Kabuki)   showReview(10154094, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>Frednoos
<Content>Moyen, sans plus !   showReview(22213100, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	3	3	3	2	

<Author>sfbell
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傝惤銇＄潃銇勩仧闆板洸姘椼伄銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(20922902, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pas mal pour un court s茅jour   showReview(20551126, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un des meilleurs h么tels de SF   showReview(20551127, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excelent rapport qualit茅 / prix   showReview(19634110, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bel hotel   showReview(19634109, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A conseiller pour tous ceux qui recherchent un peu de s茅r茅nit茅 dans une grande ville   showReview(19634108, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s agr茅able dans le quartier japonais de Frisco   showReview(19634107, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un vai bonheur   showReview(18525958, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tout le silence 脿 deux pas du centre ville   showReview(18525957, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ユ湰銇潰褰便伅銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19171737, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚ner Aufenthalt in Japantown   showReview(15568779, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>soddisfatto   showReview(14726074, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel recommandable pour un prix tr猫s int茅ressant.   showReview(13975180, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

