<Author>rabbit1006
<Content>Nicest place we've ever stayed We stayed in a one bedroom ocean casita. The view alone was worth the money. The whole resort seemed to be about 10% full, which I didn't mind because it was so quiet and peaceful. My husband would've enjoyed a game of beach volleyball, but there weren't enough people to play. The service we had was top notch (Pablo especially). We were wondering if the hotel was full if we would've had such great service. My husband loves to golf, but he is always disappointed in caribbean golf courses, but not the course here. He was impressed with the course and thought the clubs were above par for rentals. They had his shoes  clubs waiting for him in a cart when he arrived for his tee time. Upon completion, he was handed a cold towel. Nice touch. The Spa: I need a whole paragraph to describe the spa. It was the best spa I've ever been to. Unlike most spas, you actually felt like they wanted you to stay and enjoy the amenities. We went to the spa so often we joked that it cost more than our casita. The treatment rooms were quiet (usually at spas I can hear people outside in the hallways, etc). I like the fact that they added in the 20% for tips so you didn't have to worry about it. Some people might not like that or feel that 20% is excessive, but we usually tip 20%, so I liked it. It just seemed like the spa thought of everything. From good cold refreshing water, to iced down cold towels, to awesome hair/body products. They had a tea room where they served tea (obviously) and had huge futons and couches which were so comfortable and clean. Everything in the entire spa was clean and good smelling. They even had orchids out between the sinks. They had clean brushes/combs and every other bathroom necessity you could think of. Instead of just handing you a pair of one size fits all slippers, here they had your actual size which I appreciated. Restaurants: OVERPRICED beyond belief. Blossoms was so mediocre I was surprised. Our meal was over $200.00 and I felt it was worth $80 total. The steakhouse did have a good strip and I had excellent tuna, but a bottle of win that should cost $40 in a restaurant was over $100 here. Otello's is no longer there, but it was the opening night for a new italian restaurant  that was the one really good meal we had. The outrageous bill didn't bother me as much b/c I enjoyed the meal. Ballyhoos was closed due to construction. We had friends that loved hanging out at this bar so we were disappointed alittle bit. But since the resort was so empty it probably wouldn't have been a lively hotspot anyway. Casino: There's a picture of a craps table on their website which does not exist. There is no craps. I didn't care, but my husband loves craps. They had 1 full table of blackjack going  I joined five other people and sat down at another table, but they didn't have enough dealers  we had to wait almost an hour for them to open our table. I've never had to sit around and wait to lose money before. Annoying. Since the place was so empty, the casino seemed boring. Not enough sights and sounds. It was probably a good thing b/c we only went the one time and probably saved ourselved hundreds of dollars. We rented a car outside the resort at Cabrera's car rental. Waaaaay cheaper. We did the rainforest thing  it was great. We were slightly disappointed in the Bio Bay. You are no longer allowed to get into the water, so you can only see so much when putting your hand in the water or moving your oar around. The funnest thing we did was an ATV tour in Luquillo at a family owned ranch. They had horses (ones that actually looked very healthy and alert), go karts, mountain bikes and ATV's. It was called Hacienda Carabali's and the tour guide we had was fantastic. He spoke in english  spanish. Overall, we loved Puerto Rico more than any other beach destination we've been to. There are so many activities and so much beautiful nature here. The weather was perfect and so was the hotel. We're already planning a return (hopefully in February). We feel like we did so much while here, but only just scraped the surface of what P.R. has to offer. We didn't explore Old San Juan at all  wished we had. Next time for sure.So, pack your wallet (you'll need it here) and don't be cheap or you won't enjoy yourself here. We LOVED it!!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alusa
<Content>Beautiful We returned from a trip to Las Casitas in Fajardo, PR two weeks ago. A shuttle was waiting for us at the airport ($60.00 rt) and we had a pleasant ride for 1 1/2 hours till we arrived. The property is huge and Las Casitas is situated atop a small mountain overlooking the Caribean. We didn't realize that Las Casitas is basically joined to the El Conquistador Casino. It is separated by a little strip of property and a pool. Las Casitas is the lovely, quiet property with orchids growing on palm trees, while El Conquistador is a lively place with restaurants and gift stores etc. Don't buy water, as they come to your room every evening and ask if you'd like bottled water. (I did drink tap water there on one occasion and had no problems). There were a couple of little stores where you could buy sandwiches and also a starbucks. Of course, anything you buy in the store is really expensive. The restaurants were expensive and food was blah. I don't mind paying 25.00-40.00 for excellent food, but.......pretty disappointing. We found that the best bet for breakfast was the Caribe Cafe. We were disapointed that there's no place to get a cocktail at Las Casitas. We went to the infinity pool one evening and there's no bar service. The view was so fabulous and there was a breeze and a glass of wine would have been great. We skipped the breakfast at Las Casitas. It was expensive and I saw a bird walking around amidst the food, while the employees ignored it and continued chatting. We thought there would be a beach, but there isn't one on the property. There is a beach though! You take a free tram to the bottom of the mt. from El Conquistador, then take a free ferry to El Palamino Island. The resort owns this island and it is beautiful!! I sat under palm trees, sipping a mojito and reading Jimmy Buffet's book A Pirate Turns 50 while looking out at the water. Oh my goodness... all the various colors of blue and green!! We rented snorkeling equipment for $16.00 and proceeded to swim to another, smaller island nearby. There are several coral reefs and the snorkeling was great. We ate at the Iguana Cafe and it was fine. As we were sitting there, a rooster walked by, then a long black lizard and then a rabbit. I saw an iguana when trying to take a short cut across a field to the Rest room. Anyway, this Palamino island was my favorite thing to do and it was free. We wanted to see Old San Juan and El Junque rain forest, but we had already spent so much on food, so headed to enterprise rental car at El Conquistador. Javier was great and got us fixed up for a day for 89.00. We saved by not doing those tours and did it our way. The rain forest was beautiful although we didn't see any green parrots or birds. We did do the touristy deal of walking to the big waterfall and it was worth it. Along the way there are all kinds of swimming holes and other smaller waterfalls you can sit in, but when we got to the big one, a guy helped me up the ledge and I leaned back under the falls. You talk about exhilarating!! I'm 48 so anyone can do it! San Juan was ok. I'm used to New Orleans and it seemed like a less charming version of that. Not that NO is always that charming. :-) Anyway, we did stock up on a few grocery items and wine. We stopped at a local restaurant called Racine's (sp ?) and had the Mufungo. It was good. One thing about PR, is we never saw vegetables on the menu, unless you call ice burg lettuce and a slice of tomato your veggie! My poor travel companion was hoping to get some salsa dancing under her belt. The only place around was a bar at El Conquistador. We waited and waited till they opened one night. Alll we saw were teenagers/college age kids!! Go figure! We finally got a tip about local food. We were told to go down the tram, through the marina parking lot and then continue around the side of the mountain on a little road. Sure enough there were a few little restaurants. Nothing fancy and all open air, but festive and fun. We went to Oceanview and they had a band with steel drums etc. Very fun and of course we had more Mofongo!! This time around we were with the locals and the food was good and reasonable. The people in PR were so nice and friendly. Also, no begging! My travels in Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Mexico, and Barbados involved people coming up to me on the beach in the water or whereever, trying to sell stuff. Our room at Las Casitas was lovely and the bathroom was great. There is a coffee maker, blow dryer, iron and big magnifying mirror. Only complaint is the lack of any bar service and no nice restaurant with good food. Very beautiful, romantic property.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ShazzG
<Content>Not worth the money.       view of hotel from boat  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>pthomp2268
<Content>Relaxing Getaway       One of the dining areas  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>branditoogood
<Content>Most amazing vacation!!!!       Three bedroom casita living room  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ann2468
<Content>Very relaxing Las Casitas Village is quiet, upscale, and very relaxing. If you are looking for a place with action and excitement or if you have loud kids- please...stay at the El Conquistador- so the rest of us can relax in the tranquility that Las Casitas has to offer. The spa was wonderful, the infinity pool was breathtaking, and the service was excellent. I visited with my sisters for a girls only get-away and we found the staff to be friendly, very accomodating, and we had a wonderful time.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rerearuba
<Content>WONDERFUL VACATION My family and I just came back from a 4 night stay at las casitas village. We had a great time. The resort is just beautiful. The service was excellent. Our butler Ricardo was there anytime we needed him and was extremely nice. I even called him on his day off not knowing and he still got what I needed. The pools are beautiful at the casitas(3 of them). We didn't have a problem getting a golf cart shuttle to take us to and from the casitas. The most we had to wait was 6-8 minutes and that was on a very busy saturday evening. Yes the food is expensive and sometimes not very good but there are plenty of island restaurants around. We will be returning to las casitas in the near future.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JoyAtlanta
<Content>Not for executive meetings I booked a long weekend retreat for eight executives, who were sadly disappointed in travel time, service, food quality, and getting around villa. Trip to/from airport to villas was longer than anticipated. Room service took an hour to arrive. Butler service was almost non-existent. Food quality was very poor at The Strip House and most of the food was barely touched. Too difficult to get from villas to marina, main hotel, spa. Had to wait for trolleys to arrive to transport you around the complex. Would not visit again.On the good side, employees were nice, scenery was nice, villas were clean.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	1	3	

<Author>RedCarnationReady
<Content>NOT for Luxury-Seeking Traveler What an odd experience I had at Las Casitas....first of all, while the place is pretty there were hardly any guests so it felt VERY lonely and there were hardly any staff members in sight during the daytime. (No staff at the tropical pool at ALL to take a drink order or anything). At night, it was a bit creepy coming back to this place with NO ONE around except for the hired security guard. The place is not well lit at night and that made it feel weird too. I'm all for solitude but this was just...odd. On my last day, I called the Bell Captain to ask that they send someone to assist me with my bags and I was told to bring them down the stairs and bring them by the pool area...I thought I must've heard wrong! I asked again and then they showed up to assist me. I really would NOT recommend this as a full-service luxury resort, it isn't. The staff is simply not trained for that level of service. Don't let the high rates fool you. This place is sort of sad - even the umbrella tables by the tropical pool are tattered; a real eyesore at a place that is all about luxury.The best part of this resort is Palomino Island so it's not such a bad idea to stay at The Marina area and have your meals down there where it's nice and calm. FYI, the casino at the El Con attracts tank top wearing guys with beer bellies and it is not a pretty site, it also makes the place appear less luxe since there's no dress code to dissuade these gut-bearing guys that visit by the dozens...better to stay at The Caribe Hilton; a WORLD of a difference in Customer Service and the service there is given with an open hand (not a tight fist like at the El Con).  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	5	2	5	

<Author>kmacdLondon
<Content>good family time some technical glitches both before and after our arrival....upon arrival at the airport, our requested hotel transportation was not there.......initially annoying as we were tired after a long flight, but actually lucky as we took a taxi-van to the resort for less less than half the resort-quoted price.........getting to las casitas, the initial impression is a good one....the villas are attractive, pastel stucco..fountains and well tended plantings abound..we had a two bedroom villa with a large terrace overlooking the sea....great space with nicely appointed kitchenette and living area..huge master bedroom..smaller second bedroom with twin beds and no windows.....teeenage kids had no issues with no windows..two baths..groceries we had pre-ordered to be the villa were not there.......thus were especially pleased that carmen rios, a las casitas staff member, had taken the time to send a bottle of wine accompanied by several nice cheeses and fruit...apparently she appreciated the lengthy two-stop journey from london and our late arrival..the gest was a lovely welcoming.........overall, the staff members in charge of las casitas were attentive, helpful and kind..........carmen went above and beyond..groceries were ordered the next day, again...a great idea to have snacks, drinks, etc on hand with two teens.......good idea..we ate breakfast both in the room and in one of the outside cafes..slow service, but a nice breakfast..eating out and recognizing it was a busy time, we made reservations through las casitas for three of our evenings..getting to the venues, no record of our reservation was found..thus, some scrambling needed........food overall was good in all establishments but not extradordinary....expensive...no one in the family particularly liked el comquistador side, the antithesis of the las casidas side.......las casidas was quiet, relaxing, generally handled being fully booked well...........el conquistador was teeming with guests, poolside jammed, noisy...too muchunfortunately, all dinner facilities are on the el conquistador side..plus, getting to the resorts only beaches is on the el conquistador side...in addition, guests must queue and take fast-moving ferry transport to the resort-owned island......first getting to the ferry by taking a funicular...........too muchthe island beaches were crowded on one side, but after walking ten minutes, less peopled beaches could be found....once there, fine, but the hassle of getting there was more than we were willing to do generally..........most often, we stayed at the pretty pool near our villa......only issue being lack of chairs.........just too many visitors looking for relative quiet..the pool itself attractive, infinity pool with lovely view....  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>Hodiecat
<Content>Relaxing vacation This was our sixth visit to Las Casitas and we were pleased to see that LXR is making some needed changes to the hotel, since they have taken over ownership and management of the property.Manny Melendez, Operations Manager of Las Casitas, was so gracious and helpful, he did all he could to ensure our stay was enjoyable. We see improvements to the running and efficiency of Las Casitas under his direction. Eggy Lopez, our butler, as always went out of his way to make our stay comfortable and easy. We had some issues with the sofabed in our casita which Eggy tried very hard to resolve for us, Joanne, a server at Las Casitas Cafe, remembered our family from past years and is always so pleasant and smiling each morning at breakfast!!We would love to see some updating of menus at the restaurants, when you return year after year, you get very tired of seeing the same menu choices-particularly for lunch and breakfast when you eat at the restaurants closest to your casita. Enjoyed the new Strip House-an excellent meal and cocktails. Otellos was again a good meal with quality service. New water park is fun-meant for young children, under 10, not much amusement for pre-teens or teenagers. We go to Las Casitas to have a relaxing vacation in a beautiful environment, staying at Las Casitas vs. El Conquistador, provides more serenity and privacy while still being able to utilize the amenities, such as the casino and restaurants, of a larger hotel. We enjoy the Goldern Door spa for both services and group fitness classes.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>flaca6147
<Content>My favorite place in Puerto Rico The staff at las casitas village in Puerto Rico, particulalrly Alfredo Bizardi, the only female Butler, Ms. Gmez, and all the rest of the Butler staff, as well as housekeeping, icluding Belen, made my stay with a frined who just lost a child due to a still birth, incredibly relaxing, refreshing, and most of all, comforting.Whle the cost was steep, it was well worth it. There is another butler whose name escapesme but is tall, young, and whose son just turned 5, who went out of his way tio ensure that my friend was cared for without her even knowing that I had mentioned why I was beinging her there. The grounds, service, and villas were spectacular. I would recommend a trip here to anyone, not just someone in mourning, The Golden Door Spa's representative, Miriam, I believe, was phenomenal, as was the service.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Luvtobepampered
<Content>A slice of heaven We spent 9 heavenly days at Las Casitas. Our stay was terrific from arrival to departure. We stayed in a 2 bedroom ocean view villa. The location is breathtaking - we were set high on a cliff overlooking the clear, green blue ocean. This was our 2nd year at the Conquistador. We very much enjoyed the activity of the hotel last year, but were drawn to the serenity and the charm offered by the Casistas. We were pampered by a great staff. Before we even arrived on island, Manny Melendez did a terrific job in seeing to our accommodations. Our butlers, Manny and Will could not have been more accommodating. Both were easily accessible, having supplied their cell numbers to us. And we called them! They were very prompt in responding to our requests. They could not have been more helpful. And Ana Colon, was very helpful in getting our dinner reservations organized. The staff is a big part of the reason that we would hope to go back yet again next year!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cdemonte
<Content>Eddie Trau and Sonia Make Las Casitas Exceptional The Portofino of the Caribean - Las Casitas!! An exceptionally beautiful environment with great activities for children and service beyond belief, by the consummate professionals Eddie Trau and Sonia. Request them, they are unmatched in caring and service!! They make Las Casitas my favorite location in the Caribean!!!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nytx
<Content>Beautiful place -- would love to go back I just returned from a 5 day stay at Las Casitas. My family of 5 and a friend's family of 5 stayed in a 3 bedroom villa (4 adults; 6 kids age 6-13). The villas are beautiful!!!! Very clean and spacious and we were upgraded to an ocean view at no extra charge. It is much quieter in the villas than the hotel and I would recommend staying there. We did not use the hotel's transportation. Instead we used TM Transportation. The owner, Tony Mateo, is very professional. He was waiting for us in the baggage area and was instantly friendly and polite. We needed a large van to transport the 10 of us and he had a cooler of water, soda and local beer for us to enjoy. Although he is from NY he has lived in PR for 20 years and was a wealth of information. On the way back to the airport he drove us through Old San Juan to show us the sites. Since it was Good Friday, all of the stores were closed. The cost was $290 for all of us. I highly recommend this service.We took full advantage of having a stocked kitchen Each family packed a suitcase of non-perishable foods (muffins, cereal bars; pop tarts; gold fish crackers; fruit roll-ups, etc.....) and then we sent in an order prior to our stay to have other food (meat; cheese; milk, etc...) in our refrig when we arrived. We ended up eating breakfast in the casita every morning; packed sandwiches and chips for lunch and made 3 dinners. We did eat dinner out near the marina one night....our bill for 10 people with tip was $185. The food was average and very expensive considering we only had burgers and cokes!!!! The butler service was non-existent and, overall, the service is not that of a 5 star hotel. While everyone is very nice, they are not proactive in asking if you need anything. Our butler announced when we arrived that he would be off for the next 2 days. He said his partner would be able to help us but we never heard from him again. We finally saw them the night before we were leaving to see when he should come by to bring down our luggage. It would have been nice to be contacted each day to see if we needed anything. The private island is very nice and was not crowded considering it was spring break/holy week. The boat to the island was easy to use and the kids really enjoyed it. Unfortunately, the island closed down for the remainder of our stay because Puerto Rico was experiencing 20 foot waves (first time in 45 years!!!). We brought a soft cooler of sandwhches, fruit and drinks to the island. Everyone seems to do this.The water park is fun and I recommend only doing a half day. It is small with only 3 rides and a lazy river......I do not think it warrants a full day. We were able to bring our own snacks and drinks.My husband and friend played golf and said the course was very nice with beautiful views. They brought their own shoes but rented clubs.My friend and I used the spa and had a message. It was great!!!! You are able to use the spa amenities all day for no extra charge. Since we had 6 kids waiting for us, we only stayed for about 2 hours.There are plenty of pools to choose from with the Infinity pool at the casitas being the prettiest. I would definitely go back to this hotel even though the food and service are below par. The grounds are beautiful, the views are breathtaking and the casitas are worth the price. Next time I would rent a car and venture off the poroperty. I would have loved to taste Puerto Rican food -- which is non-existent at the hotel. I recommend this resort for families with kids. My kids loved it.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frizzled89
<Content>Awesome Experiance My family and I stayed at las casitas village for our 1st time. We come here alot, but usually stay in the main hotel. Both of my parents have special dietary needs, and our butlers Will and Manny were both amazing helpful. They recommened us restraunts, made reservations, and most of all they always had a smile on their faces. My sister and I both thought they were funny, and totally helpful. My family and I are going back in MAY!! and we requested Will and Manny again!TRY IT OUT FOR YOUR SELF  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PetePuma
<Content>Excellent Experience  We just returned from a wonderful stay and experience at Las Casitas Village in Puerto Rico. We made our reservations through their website which was easy to do. We were later contacted by Ana Colon, a Personal Vacation Planner at the hotel, who sent us an e-mail with helpful guides to planning our arrival. Prior to the trip Ana was very helpful via e-mail in orienting us to the El Conquistador facility, provided restaurant suggestions and reservations, waterpark tickets and even personnally, took on a special food request we had by enlisting her Mom to make us some typical Puerto Rican food! Service can't get any better then that!!!The property is large, so be prepared to walk and plan your activities. The pools are spectacular and numerous. The private island is absolutely beautiful and excellent for water sports. We have 2 small children and they had a blast snorkeling and swimming in clear emerald green waters.We had breakfasts at Las Brisas restaurant and dinners a Blossoms and Othellos at the hotel. Food was excellent, but it was pricey. Reading other reviews we expected this so it wasn't a surprise. Transportation to and from the Village to the main hotel via golf-cart shuttle was fine, although I can see where this might be get cumbersome for some people or be problematic if the hotel is super crowded. Our villa was in the south Village of Las Casitas and although we did walk once to the main hotel, its all uphill and we only did it once.I'd definitely recommend Las Casitas and we're certainly planning to go back. Given this experience I'd request a villa in the North Village to be a bit closer to the main hotel, and I'd better plan our menus and stock the villa to do breakfast in to conserve some dollars.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mcjc08
<Content>The best time ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We stayed at this hotel for our wedding. Everything was great!!!!! It is a little expensive but it is a big beautiful resort. WHAT DO YOU EXPECT? If you can't afford to pay a little extra for food and drinks you should stay in Puerto Rico anyway. Our butlers Eddie and Jose were terrific!!!!!! They were so great to have they made everything easier. Definitely as for them!!! There are really no complaints for this hotel at all!! All of our guests had a great time and they had no issues either. I am already making plans to spend our 1 year anniversary at Casitas. Feel free to email me if you have any questions!!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>JTMcLean
<Content>Las Casitas - A top spot within a top satop This is an oasis within an oasis. Las Casitas is perfect place for a family vacation. oy vacation. Spring Break, 6 kids, Aunt, Uncle, Grandma and my wife. They have butlers and staff that take care of everything. Manny Santiago and Wilfredo Carmona are tow good examples.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vivid_traveler
<Content>Thank you! I spent a week at las casitas village and let me tell you, it was more than I expected. I was overjoyed with the idea of having my own personal butler service and enjoying the new facilities that the property had to offer. My butlers names were Pablo and Jeffrey whom helped me with reservations and appointments, they were fabulous. I enjoyed the calm and serenitive Golden door spa and even went to the highly recommended rain forest. Not to mention I felt like a kid again when I enjoyed the water park. I do recommend this resort not only because of the facilities, but by the great service provided by the staff. Keep up the good work!!!!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>hurley108
<Content>Great stay!!! My family and I had the pleasure of staying at Las Casitas Village. Since the moment we arrived we felt amazed with the beautiful property. We fell in love with our ocean view casitas villa which had a pool just a few feet away. The staff members were friendly, specially our butlers Jeffrey and Pablo, whom went out of there way to make us feel welcome right from the start. We are looking foward to our next stay and we will be requesting them again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>rogderryan
<Content>Great Service We recently had a fantastic vacation at Las Casitas. The service provided by our butlers Wilfredo and Manny helped make our stay with 2 young boys truly relaxing. This resort has it all.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>getson
<Content>Las Casitas muy bueno! We have been coming to Las Casitas every year since our honeymoon, 15 years ago. While we love every aspect of this resort the main attraction to us is Edgardo Lopez (Eggy). Eggy has been our butler for each year we have spent there. He is kind, knowledgeable, courteous, and tends to the needs that make a vacation memorable. He has truly mastered the art of making a trip a totally relaxing experience.In addition, Manny (new asst. mgr.) Edward Trau, and the other office staff members have made Las Casitas a place that we will continue to visit as often as possible.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MACNEILL
<Content>Las Casitas Was Fabulous The total experience at las casitas was wonderful, the staff was attentive and helpful especially Eggy Lopez our butler. The food was great and the ambience was perfect.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mr_joy
<Content>great view,and service My wife and I stayed at puerto rico for 5 nights vacations at LAS CASITAS VILLAGE. The location is STUNNING!!! , the gardens, the rooms, the pools and the beach are beatifull.!!!!The CHECK IN,and CHECK OUT process was quick (thanks ALFREDO). he was very polite and patient with us.We got a one bedroom villa with ocean view. The room was nice and clean at all times, thanks to the housekeeper, who was always verry consistent with her service. (sorry i dont remember her name, but she was great.)The buttler service was ok, i met him on the check in process but, since i never needed nothing special, i didnt bother them. besides they seems to be overwork. WATER PARK is new and nice, they still doing some light construction but we didnt care. In my opinion the shouldnt be charging extra to enjoy been at the water park. The hotel has more than 5 POOLS where you can RELAXXXXXX your self and be serve by their staff. TheINFINITY POOL at las casitas, of course is the best. Believe what you read, prices are crazy for sandwiches and drinks, but the service make it worth. (at least in las casitas rests. VENTANAS) Ventanas has such a great view, and friendly staff. FRANQUIE took care of us at the pool one day and the rest of our stay, he was serving us in the restaurant. He was very attentive always. After 5pm EDNA took care of us at VENTANAS BAR every evening. She was very nice and the best bartender in the entire resort (drinks were properly poured at all times, always tasted the same). And suggested us a few drinks. She make our evenings delightful with her drinks (MOJITOS, RUM PUNCHES, POMEGRANATE COSMO...) and talking. NIGTH LIFE: there is no much to do at las casitas but you can always take the shuttle to the main hotel. they have transportation gonig on all day and all nite. My wife enjoyed the CASINO a lot (she is a big Gambler).meanwhile i enjoyed my self at the pizza rest. BELLA VISTA.OVERALL we had a great time in puerto rico and would be booking again if we go back to the caribbean. THANKS to all the staff.THIS HOTEL IS 100 % FIVE STARS  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>luvstravel035
<Content>Great Vacation! Traveled to Puerto Rico with husband and 4 children, Feb. 19-26th. Stayed at the LXR resort Las Casitas Village  Golden Door Spa. Staff was courteous and very helpful especially Ana Colon - Concierge at Las Casitas. She grocery shopped for us and made sure our accommodations were manageable with little ones! The butler's were always willing to help in any way. Room Service was fantastic. The rooms were comfortable in the 2-bedroom casita. The private island - Palomino - was a fantastic beach with all of the water activities a family could want. The restaurants were great, especially Blossom's - Japanese Habachi tables. Overall, a great vacation for a family!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JR3
<Content>Great Hotel - but expect to spend a lot We recently returned from a six night stay at Las Casitas, and were part of a group of 13 family members that included 3 generations. The accomodations were quite nice, and we really enjoyed the many pools, water park, and Palomino island, as well as the golf course. Some in our party used the spa for massages and hair/nails as well. No real complaints to speak of, and overall I was very happy with our vacation. The resort is quite large, so depending on exactly where your room is, you can expect to spend 10 minutes or more getting from one part of the resort to another. Since the beach is on Palomino island, it is a bit of an investment in time to get there: walk to the funicular, take it down, wait for the ferry to the island, ride the ferry, and you're there. To be safe, leave 30 minutes or more each way: ferry ride alone is about 10 minutes but you need to be there early to get in line or you have to wait for the next one (they left roughly every 30 minutes). You should expect to spend a lot of money on meals, unless you use the kitchen in your unit to do your own cooking (not my idea of a vacation). For example, at lunch a burger with fries will run you roughly $13-15 and throw in another $6 or more for a frozen drink. Obviously this starts to add up quickly if you have a large group. We were there over the president's day holiday weekend, and although there were a lot of people at the resort, it did not feel overcrowded. By midweek many folks had left to go home. We at at Blossoms at one of the Benihana-style tables, and also at Otello's, the Italian restaurant. Both meals were quite good, in fact I was surprised at how good the food was. The service was quite good in the restaurants as well.Some other tips: * If you plan to go to the island/beach when the resort is busy you will want to go early so you can find some chairs in the shade either under a hut or tree. * It may be advisable to make your dinner reservations shortly after you reserve your room, again depending on whether it is a busy time at the resort.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WarmWeather711
<Content>As Good as it Gets My girlfriend and I just returned from a week in Puerto Rica where we stayed at The Casitas Village which is a part of the El Conquistador Resort. A number of things both physical and human made this a week of absolute pleasure. The physical plant including the wonderful beach Island, the unusual swimming pools,golf course(short and narrow), five excellent restaurants, general grounds (acres of them) added up to an excellent layout. However the most pleasant part of our vacation was the service we received from everyone. When we checked in we were assigned two butlers who couldnt do enough for us...no request went unfilled. I most congratulate Eggy our favorite butler as being one of the best I have ever seen at both timely and service beyond the call of duty. He is a magician..sometimes I just thought about something and low and behold he would suggest it. We count recommend Las Casitas more highly and of course Ask for Eggy.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>purechic
<Content>Best Family Vacation I am currently planning my next family vacation to Las Casitas. Although I have stayed at the El Conquistador resort several times before (and had a wonderful experience each time), last year was our first stay at Las Casitas. I feel that it was THE BEST family vacation we have ever had. We had a garden two bedroom casita. My husband and I had one bedroom with a king bed and bath and my three children had their own room with two double beds and their own bathroom. Anyone traveling with children can relate to the expense of having to get two rooms. Our 2 bedroom casita totally solved that problem. I felt that we all had our space when we needed it. We had 3 separate balconys to relax on. The kitchen was amazing. How nice to have a fully stocked refridgerator on a carribean island! The butler service was perfect. Everything we asked for was taken care of immediately. Every item we ordered for our kitchen was there upon our arrival. To me that made it very worth the price. We were able to eat breakfast at our leisure in the morning and have snacks whenever during the day. I loved the privacy and the quiet of las casitas. The staff was very accomodating and prompt. I go into any vacation we take expecting to pay resort prices for food. It is a resort. I didnt find the prices exhorbitant. There are many choices for dining. And if you dont wish to have an expensive dinner there are other options on the resort. I hope this review helps anyone who is on the fence about visiting Las Casitas. It is one of the best vacations my family ever took. The large two bedroom casita was perfect for our 5 person family. The island is lovely and the boatride is relaxing. There is a nice lunch restaurant on the island for lunch and drinks. Water sports and activities are a lot of fun. One nice thing about the private island is that it is really private. There are no bothersome vendors and salespeople wandering the beach trying to sell their wares. I found that to be a nice change from other islands we have visited. There are lots of little nooks to explore on walks while on the island. There is horseback riding there as well which was quite fun. You can explore the entire island and the view from the top is exhilarating. Expect to walk a bit to the various areas. The resort is tremendous but the view is breathtaking all around the resort. We didnt mind walking at all. It was all very relaxing. Lots of spots to take pictures. We cant wait to go back this year!!!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>mpschecterlaw
<Content>Loved Manny Santiago My family has stayed twice at Las casitas.We specifically requester butler Manny Santiago for our second trip.He is special and so is Las Casitas.You have a great place.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lori23jocy
<Content>Great Stay Me and my husband want to thank two great butlers at Las Casitas. Mr. Carlos Mangual and Ruben Perez who assisted us when we arrived. They were not only gracious, knowleggeable and very professional, their manner was one of compassion and concern, as if we were the only individuals they had to assist in the hotel. Throughout our stay, Carlos and Ruben exhibited the same qualities in every encounter time after time after time. We also observed them with numerous other guests.This hotel is very remarkable and the view is even more espectacular. We truly had a wounderful stay. Looking foward to comming back as soon as posible.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BLB100
<Content>Exceeded all expectations! Our stay was perfect! We just returned from Las Casitas last night. We've traveled quite a bit and this resort ranks up there as one of the best. I did a ton of research before this trip and was concerned about the mixed reviews on this property. Let me say that everything was extraordinary.We moved from a hotel room at El Conquistador to one of the Las Casitas villas. Got a great rate via AAA, under $500/night. Yes, this property is expensive, but well worth it. As others have mentioned, stop at Walgreens or Amigos and stock up on water and food.One should definitely rent a car to have access to the great local restauarants and to tour around the island a bit. Try La Estacion just outside of the resort's main gate. AMAZING food!! And take a day trip up into El Yunque rain forest, just spectacular.The new water park is perfect for all ages. The toddler area is so well-designed for the little ones; and the water slides are a blast. We were thoroughly impressed with everything here.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>manindemand
<Content>Bulters make your stay a success. My family  I have been staying at this beautiful hotel( las casitas village) for the last 7 years. My first experience was before children. The hotel offered everything a married couple could indulge in. My first butler that year, was Jeffery Franceshi. I didnt realize that for the next 6 years, I would be seeing Jeffery Franceshi, Carlos Mangual,  Ricardo Rodriguez. All, whom I have a strong connection with. These butlers go beyond the call of duty to make your vacation as pleasurable as possible. I swear, some times they changed the weather. I live in New York, and know about service. My family was waited on by these fine young gentleman. They work together to make sure every need was met. The logistics of these men are swift  precise. From fedexing our luggage, to Getting stuff for our kids above  beyond my expectations. I would not come back if it weren't for them. They truly make your stay a stress free experience. I truly hope that the hotel mangement understands all these men accomplish for there guest. I also witness them treating the other guest with the same execution. See you next year.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jtrip23
<Content>Loved it! My family recently stayed at at Las Casitas and had the best vacation of all. The location, amenities, and staff were fabulous. The villas were everything we expected and then some. We would definitely recommed this for families and we will be returning again very soon.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dannna
<Content>vacation done right       capt ron  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>delbymom
<Content>Just returned from Las Casitas and had a wonderful time. Just returned from Las Casitas 1/21/08 and had a wonderful experience. Not sure about some of the negative reviews...our stay was excellent. The casita was clean and the ocean views were spectacular. The food at the hotel was great and if you are going to stay at a resort like this, one must expect higher prices. However, we did not feel it was out of range. Went off the property to Passions Restaurant in Fajardo...food and service was excellent. Strip House food was OK...not Peter Lugars by any means and only complaint was the service...not great. We were a party of 8 and the tip was included...perhaps that was the reason why. Chartered a sailboat.one day which was excellent. Captain Domingo Garcia (www.sailpuertorico.com)...would highly recommend it.. He took us to a great snorkeling place...very reasonable and he cooks a wonderful lunch. For families with young kids, the water park is scheduled to be open in February...Palamino Island is fabulous also. The ferry ride is a fun experience. All in all, we would return and are already planning our trip for next year.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>WasabiAlabama
<Content>Get ready for Random over charges on the entire property Third time staying on this lovely property. It takes some of us a little longer to learn the hard way. The second stay I was over charged but luckily saved all of my receipts. I don't mean $10 here or there- I mean $75-$500 on every purchase. It is their way of doing business. A bottle of wine that we never received or an extra charge for spa services or a charge for breakfast that was part of our package. Well, this last trip was the worst with over $1000 of additional charges on my american express. I spent hours at the front desk before checking out going over the inaccuracey of their book keeping. They blamed their new computer system to their new employees. Bottom line is that this is a standard practice and unfortunately I will not be back. Thank goodness I keep all receipts and use american express. It took 6 months to resolve and american express took care of it. (no word from the property mgt) If you go, it is beautiful - but expect to be charged much more than you ever imagined.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>DoctorNewYork
<Content>Great For Kids Great accomodation,the kids loved Palomino Island and all of it's activities, and the personnel couldn't have been more pleasant and helpful. Will definitely return!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>jul1904
<Content>Las Casitas nice but inconvenient while the view was spectacular, unless you stay in Las casitas north in a renovated casita...the new casita where we stayed was beautiful but inconvenient. We stayed in a 1 bdrm oceanview casita...the pools are gorgeous there is a bar w/ a lunch only menu. For breakfast, you could take a golf cart 1 stop to the braekfast only place...very expensive..4.25 for a small coffe..luke warm at that. The biggest problem was to get to the main hotel El Conquistador for dinner or gambeling involves calling for a cart and waiting up half an hour...same goes for getting to the marina to go to the private island. My advise...stay in the ElConquistador ask for a newly renovated ocean front room! Half the price very convenient! Breathtaking as well...Striphouse for dinner was excellent(I had 10 oz. filet mignon) Otello was good not great...of premisies Stingray .was great the people were extremely friendly...but the casitas are overrated...room service is from el conquistador...so no hot coffee in the morning...we took cart over and had starbucks. must do bio bay tour and must go to el yunque rainforest and to La mina falls to swim under falls! Rent a car if going to fajardo...taxis are outrageous...rPrivate island is paradise!Only for hotel and casitas guests! Lunch place, watersports ,horseback riding or simply lounge under a palm tree and have a drink...this was the best! Went to old san juan...day trip is all that is needed...Try a mojito! Yummy! I would definately go back , but to the el Conquistador!Oh the spa was average...comparing to Borgata in ac and mar a lago in palm beach...no one guides you each step..you go in and figure it out....no one caters to you after and no yummy friuts are offered water and tea available...just not as hypnotic as i would have thought.but definatley pricey.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marissad
<Content>Eh? Expected much better... I decided to take my husband away for his birthday and heard some good things about the villas at el conquistador, so I researched and decided to go with it and hope for the best. We arrived and everything was fine at check in, then they showed us to our casita ( 1 bedroom villa) with living and kitchen areas. As soon as we stepped in we could smell the strong odor of mold. Before letting the bell man leave I looked around, the bedroom area was decorated and stunk no better than a motel that you would pay $50 for a night! A second later as I was looking around I stepped right into a puddle of water and realized that there was a major leak on the walls of the bedroom and all across the ceiling and floors...it was disgusting. Not 5 star at all. So I called the front desk, and they did not believe me at first, so they first sent us a maid to clean it up (you cant just wipe up a major leak!) then when the maid said she couldnt do anything about it, I called the front desk again and they said we'll send the engineer , so we patiently waited and again the engineer said he cant do anything about a major leak. So about 2 hours later after all this chaos of them not just taking my word about the leak a lady at reception named Laura told us the only other casita available was very far all the way down the hill and was a 2 bedroom, newly renovated casita. Thank g-d she gave us that room because if not my husband and I were ready to leave and go to the Ritz in San Juan. The newly renovated casita was absolutely gorgeous with spectacular views and wrap-a-round terraces with lounge chairs and tables and so on. The bathrooms were nice but not great. Same thing with the beds, not too comfortable, but manageable. It was great having the new kitchen and large open living area, but had it not been for the leak in the old casitas we never would have got this room. Now that leaves me to wonder how the hotel is still renting out the old casitas with that are infested with mold and water and just felt damp and gross... The second terrible thing was the service, the place is just way too big, I guess, the service was awful, for example the morning that we left I called for some shampoo and conditioner at 9 o clock, half an hour goes, then an hour, and I finally call again, they just apologize, but if it was the only time, I would understand, but everything is in slow motion. At the pool and ocean they dont ask you if you want a drink you have to wave down the only waiter that is serving 100's or people, then when the drinks arrive 30 mins later they are no longer even frozen! I really dont understand because the more waiters, the more drinks served and bought which means more $ for the hotel...The service for the shuttle was ok but not great, we just called and told them to call our room when the shuttle was arriving. However when we needed a shuttle from the main hotel back to the casitas it took close to fifteen minutes..We didnt eat any of the food at the hotel, but did order a fruit platter from room service, I thought Puerto Rican fruit was good, man was I wrong, the fruit had absolutely no taste as if it was not in season at all...All in all, the newly renovated casitas have great views and are roomy, but the service was definintely lacking, and I would not come here again nor recommend it. Especially, if they are still booking the guests in the old casitas.  I am starting to wish we stayed somewhere else, even though our vacation is over.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	2	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>nehaopper
<Content>Could not be worse! After reading great reviews of this place, my boyfriend and I decided to try it in July 2007. Our initial impression of the place was quite good - the views are spectacular and there is quite a bit to do on the resort itself. However, the food at every single restaurant and cafe on the resort is overpriced and terrible. We dont mind paying a high price for a meal but atleast it should be edible. But we were not satisfied in the least bit with the food. The other horrible experience we had with this place was theft. We had money locked in the room safe, and upon returning to our room in the evening, the safe was open and all the money was gone. After logging a complaint with the resort police, the response was horrifying and lazy. Upon our return from Puerto Rico, we called them every week to get a status on the investigation but all in vain. Its October 2007 and no one has called still and when we call them, they say  the manager is not there.We are definitely never going back there - contrary to what we had decided when we first saw the resort.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	5	4	2	1	3	

<Author>brandbridgeltd
<Content>once a 5 diamond resort Las Casitas is a beautiful resort in a stunning setting with a wonderful staff who truly understand customer service.The resort is clean, well landscaped and quiet with three distinctively beautiful pools. The garden courtyards with babbling fountains provide a perfect peaceful touch, far from the hustle and bustle of the main resort at El Conquistador.Much of what had made Las Casitas Village a five diamond resort years ago remains, but what brings it down is the lack of customer service and attention to detail at the main resort, El Conquistador. We were totally surprised at the amount of trash---piles of it---on the beaches at Palomino Island. The beach bar tenders were lazy and rude. When we called the manager's office at El Conquistador to complain about the trash, we were told he would return our call---he never did. The staff at Las Brisas Restaurant is horrible. Don't go there if you don't intend to order the breakfast buffet. They have no time for you if you order off the menu. The staff at Otello's; The Strip House; and Bella Vista are all wonderful, so it's isolated pockets of rude and poor service that no one should have to experience especially when paying for over priced drinks and food.Keep an eye on what you're paying for as a Mojito at Las Casitas costs $16 and $8 at the Bella Vista Bar at El Conquistador. Las Casitas bars and restaurants automatically add a 20% gratuity, but not at the El Conquistador restaurants and bars, so be careful to check.The new management seems to be improving some of the older sections of the resort, but they need to concentrate on a uniform guide of customer service for all of their staff.Hopefully they will bring back such attention to detail that made the entire experience, both at Las Casitas and El Conquistador, a five diamond resort---otherwise they need to drastically reduce their rates.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DallasTexas_TGG
<Content>Isolated Experiences I just returned from a five night stay in a one bedroom, garden view casita with my husband and daughter. Everything we experienced was positive. It was quiet, peaceful, clean, accomodating, family friendly (everyone seemed to have kids), easy, worth every penny.Anything negative that I read online beforehand or heard in person while we were there, was easily worked around. I along with nearly everyone we spoke to seemed to feel that the positivies more than outweighed the negatives. Here were a few things we worked around...The food is expensive!! For some reason when I read that, I thought we would be able to make better restaurant/menu selections and not spend $250 a night on dinner. On average you are going to be looking at $16 burgers, $44 steaks, $10 mixed drinks. As soon as we arrived we spoke to our butler about creating an order for groceries and I even took someone's advice from this site  added alcohol to the list. Others we met hopped in a taxi and went to Wal-Mart themselves. Las Casitas sends someone to the grocery store and charges you based on what you spend, so it ends up being $25 for every $100 you spend. We spent $150 for groceries, two bottles of alcohol and the surcharge  it kept us in stocked for breakfast  lunch the entire visit. The beach is rocky. For the most part it's actually broken coral from a reef that you can walk out to. We wore flip flops in the water, which wasn't ideal, but wasn't a problem either. None of the kids seemed phased and most of the adults seemed okay to consider it a non-issue.NO INTERNE or movies! They are accomodating and will let you use the internet in the Las Casitas office. Otherwise, you have to take your laptop to the main hote (El Conquistador) for wireless access. They said they are working on getting wireless to Las Casitas, so at the very least check in with them. Also, our living room had a DVD player, but there were no On Demand movies available. They said they don't have a subscription for anything other than the El Conquistador, so if keep that in mind if your like to curl up with an On Demand movie during your vacation.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>AnnaBarbara
<Content>Beautiful place to visit! On short notice we decided to take a trip to Puerto Rico and found Las Casitas. We were not sure what to expect since we can be particular when it comes to hotels. When we arived here - we were very surprised by how beautiful it was. First, someone met us outside of the lobby, put our bags on a golf cart and drove us to our room - it was so easy!The view was amazing -- we looked right out over the water - which was shades of blue and green - truly beautiful. We loved waking up in the morning and looking right out over the water. We enjoyed going over to the private island on the boat - we have friends that use our pictures of the water as their screensaver. Although waiting for the funicular (sp?) could be a little frustrating. We decided we made the right choice to stay in Las Casitas and have access to the rest of the hotel. That way, we had could go to the less crowded pools (great infinity pool!!), but still could go to the restaurants at the resort, which were surprisingly good. The room was nice and open with lots of open space. The only complaint was the cleanliness was lacking a bit and there was broken glass on the patio. The kitchen in the room was dated, but may have come in handy if you bring kids. However, I am anti-cooking on vacation, but we used the fridge to store some bottled water, etc. We rented a car at the hotel and went to the rainforest and San Juan - both were definitely worth seeing. We would come back here or elsewhere in Puerto Rico -- we loved it!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	2	5	4	3	

<Author>Soni007
<Content>Terrible! Horrible! Disgusting! This hotel claims to be a luxury hotel. However, I don?think they know the meaning of luxury. The rooms were disgusting and the service was terrible. We paid over $600 a night and got a smelly casita with a moldy bathroom and a leaky refrigerator. For that rate, I expected a lot more. If I ever go back to Puerto Rico, I would never stay at this resort.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>icssteffens
<Content>Worst Service I Ever Had During my vacations at Las Casitas Village my daughter and two friend were returning from the private beach and took the monorail to the hotel. Having started their trip up,the cable from the car broke and fell down to the starting place. They were helped by some construction workers to get out of the car because the door was stuck. Next day ,I requested assistance to take my daughter and friend to the hospital for check up because they were having some back and neck pain. They told me to take them to the hospital and if I needed transportation they will pay for a taxi. I lost 2 days of my vacations and all I received from the hotel was a tray with some cheese and . No one ever called to see if whow they were doing.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>jgsgroups
<Content>Breathtaking Infinity Pool. Great Palomino Trip. Bring Mop I stayed in a guest room. I was lucky to get the ocean view. It was awesome. I think it is the best placed I have stayed. They gave you slippers which made it nice. The infinity pool was awesome. Very relaxing even when there are lots of peoples the view is so breath taking that you forget about annoying people around you. Is great that you can enjoy the Conquistador Hotel facilities, restaurants and pools. There are also two other pools at las casitas village and a few more in the conquistador. The golf cart ride from las casitas to el conquistador is fun. Palomino was great. The food at palomino was good. Is something like chili's quality. You can snorkel .. not great snorkeling but very entertaining and safe. The beach has lots of algae so bring beach slippers. There are nice beach umbrellas at Palomino if you want to stay away from the sun. The trip to Palomino Island is 7 minutes. They don't allow outside beverages or food but you can always pack a few in your back pack if you want to save a few bucks. The beach at Palomino is not that great but just knowing that you are in a small island makes it very interesting and fun. There are beach sports like Kayak rental and I think you can Kayak to palominito island which is another cute small little island half a mile from palomino. Beach sports are not free.Had Sushi at Blossoms one night and it was New York grade sushi and not too expensive considering that you are at a hotel. The conquistador lobby is nice and big overlooking the ocean and the pools. Service was Ok . The rooms were not super clean but enough for me. Tiles are harder to clean I guess. The balcony was huge and nice. If you can get a room with ocean view go for it .. is gorgeous. All rooms seem to be close to the parking but there are always stairs that will make you think twice to ask for help. The personal butler never showed and never heard of such a thing. Had no problem getting towels anywhere at the hotel. People were very friendly. This was definitely a great stay. They only minor flaw was the room floor which was a little bit dirty especially after moving the beds they don't clean under the beds. If you want ice you have to call room service. Cannot just grab it yourself. I don't know if there was a charge for that but heard that they charge for every call you make. I had no problems with my bill. Everything was in place and payed nothing extra for parking. Maybe they forgot to charge that? or parking is free ?I paid everything with my credit card cause I was warned about overcharges if using the cards they give you. I guess you should never mention your room number. I got to the hotel at 3:30 but the room was not ready. Had to wait for 2 hours but you can start using the facilities. Used all coffee the first day but never got refills. But at least someone came to asked if we needed anything and they gave us more towels and two little tasty chocolates. I paid $267 per night and it was definetly worth it with all the ammenities included. No kitchen in the guest rooms. This room is great for two people and one child. I am not sure that paying $ 400 per night is worth it but at least you get 2+ bedrooms and a kitchen.El conquistador is a few bucks cheaper but I rather pay 50 to 100 bucks more per night at las casitas for the guest room. They don't give you toothbrush/tooth paste so bring your own.My Wife did a room service check. She marked the glasses of te bathrooms slightly + the disposable coasters and they were not changed after room service. Don't expect great service but if you want to enjoy a nice and very relaxing place with a cute little island which is free to visit in a big resort with a breath taking infinity pool Las Casitas village is one of the best in puerto rico maybe in the Caribbean.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	2	4	5	

<Author>Bowhead
<Content>Will Certainly Return This review is long overdue, but the urge struck me as I was planning my return visit to Las Casitas in February. We stayed there at the end of January 2007 and I feel somewhat guilty for not writing sooner.Where do I start...I have stayed at the El Con a number of times, however this was my first visit to the resort with my family, so I decided to book a stay at Las Casitas. My wife, three children(2,7,9) and I stayed in a 2 bedroom casita overlooking the ocean. Wow, what a view!Check-in was a breeze, and we were immediately greeted by our butler, Luis Posada. While I can't comment on the other butlers, I cannot say enough about Luis. He was always there (except for the day he was off), extremely attentive, very proffessional and courteous. He certainly made our stay much more enjoyable. The pools are great. The private Island is very relaxing. As for the food...True, it is expensive, but not outrageously expensive. We ate off campus a couple of times and it was great. Would highly reccomend trying that. As for the service...If you are looking for 5 star New York or Paris service, you won't get it here. However, keep in mind THIS IS THE CARRIBEAN...Relax. If you are looking for 5 star Carribean service, Las Casitas delivers. No matter what resort I am at, It is very rare that I can travel with 3 small children and truly feel relaxed, but Las Casitas pulled it off. For that, I am extremely thankful.I have been to many resorts over the years, with and without family, and I can now say with certainty that Las Casitas is the Jewel of the Caribbean. Overall, I would highly recommend Las Casitas.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Gngrasso
<Content>Just Returned from Las Casitas Village       View from the balcony  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>geekhead
<Content>Location Location Location!       From the rroom  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	3	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>snoles
<Content>Loved Las Casistas What a fabulous place! The most beautiful resort I have been to. My only complaint was housekeeping.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kdenise
<Content>Great Family Getaway After seeing Las Casitas voted #1 in the TL Family mag, we decided to book it for our family getaway during our daughter's Spring Break. We were really nervous because of the mixed reviews, but decided to go anyway. We found Las Casitas to be really lovely. The grounds were beautiful and our room was spacious and quaint. I mistakenly booked a guest room instead of the one bedroom villa, but we still were not disappointed. We also thought the cost of the room was very reasonable. The one thing that we totally agree on in the other reviews is that it is quite expensive. We first thought these were travelers who may not want to pay or perhaps weren't discriminating, but Las Casitas is expensive. You don't get a break on anything. Take others advice and do your own shopping for meals in on some days. We ate at several of the restaurants and our favorite was Strip Steakhouse. Service was great! Our steaks were flavorful and cooked to perfection. Seafood pasta amazing and fresh. Our server was even great with our 4 year old daughter who was out with us very late since it was our last night. Stingray Cafe was also really good. Best place for burgers- Virgin Burgers by one of the main pools. Palomino Island was a lot of fun. Great for entire family regardless of ages. Kids club seemed really good although we didn't use it. We definitely agree with those who said to rent a car. It gave us the flexibility to go off the property and explore on our own. It turned out to be cost effective, but also gave us the flexibility we needed with a 4-year old. We explored the El Yunque on our own and had a wonderful time. In addition, we hung out at Lucillo Beach and did the Bay Biolumenescent on our own. Overall it was a great trip. We would visit again with groceries. By the way, we aren't heavy drinkers, but we were disappointed iin the quality of cocktails. They tasted fantastic, but they all tasted like Virgin drinks! Add liquor to your grocery list!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>momofthreepa
<Content>loved las casitas, but bring a fat wallet Las Casitas is great. Definitely superior to El Conquistador, much quieter, more plush, secluded. The rooms and service are great. Don't believe any bad reviews. Everyone we spoke with thought it was great...... just VERY expensive on the property. No need to leave property with lots of choices in menus and activities. Palomino Island is great. Recommend the resort highly .  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>skipmays
<Content>A Pleasure It must have been our charm and good looks (I jest), but our recent four days at Las Casitas was terrific. We somehow missed most of the horrors noted by other TravelAdvisor guests. Las Casitas is a mini resort within a big resort and worth the extra bucks. Our room was private, clean and spacious and although it did not have all the toys and ameneties found in many other resorts (internet, etc.), it was fine by us. Our ocean view and intimate/private balcony was complemented with an adjacent swaying palmtree that quietly swooshed 24 hours a day and acted like white noise that made us totally oblivious to anyone or anything that might have disturbed the tranquility and the ocean view. Yes, many of the restaurants were overpriced, but there were less expensive options on the property that offered local cuisine that we have have always enjoyed (from many visits to Puerto Rico). What we thought was a complementary continental breakfast at the Las Casitas' pool cost us $50. We are quick students and the next day enjoyed a nice $7.50 (for two)breakfast at a Micky D's down the road. We made it a point to eat out as often as we could; not because of the prices, but because local, neighborhood restaurants (all over the island) offer a vast array of traditional foods that are usually a highlight of a visit to a different or unique culture. We can get prime steaks, Italian delights or deli sandwiches at home but can't duplicate the crispy but tender roadside barbequed pig (on a spit) you can find at a roadside shack in Luquillo. Back to the hotel: The boatride to and from the beach (Palomino Island) is part of the beach experience. It's a neat ten minute break with a bar on shore at either end (if that's of interest.) This was our first visit to this property and probably won't be our last. We enjoyed our stay and made the best of the few speedbumps we did encounter. Relax and leave your attitude behind.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>llychornblower
<Content>Best Resort on the Island!       infinity pool  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moreace01
<Content>Wonderful weekend trip After reading many reviews, we decided to stay at Las Casitas over the El Conquistador - and am very glad we did! We were a bit nervous because of some bad reviews. We loved Las Casitas - the ocean view from our room was outstanding, the infinity pool was gorgeous (albeit a bit cold) and it was much quieter and prettier than El Conquistador. As others have noted, the food isn't great - we did enjoy the food at the Strip House and had cheap breakfast at David's Cookies. But did not enjoy the Stingray Cafe and definately would not recommend the cafe by the casino at the main hotel. We were a little disappointed that there was no good Puerto Rican food offered at the hotel. If we had more time, we would have rented a car to explore a bit more(the traffic isn't as crazy as people make it sound, but lots of roads aren't marked so I am sure that can make things confusing). The resort grounds are so big that you are kind of isolated there. But, between the pools and Palomino island, there was enough to do to keep us happy. We also did the bio-bay tour and really enjoyed that. All in all, we were very happy with our trip to Las Casitas and would definately recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>arp1997
<Content>Loved Las Casitas!!! We just returned from a 4 night stay at Las Casitas. After reading many of the reviews on this website, I didn't set my expectations very high. However, we were thrilled with our stay at the property!! The staff was very friendly and out going, and the property and room were beautifully maintained. We had booked a guestroom but were upgraded to a one bedroom villa with ocean views. For a $25 fee our butler did grocery and beverage shopping for us (much cheaper than a cab or renting a car). We had plans to venture off the resort, but we loved it so much we didn't budge. Palomino Island was beautiful, as was the infinity pool. We are early risers, so there were always plenty of sun chairs for us. The restaurants at the main hotel were good- notably the chinese and steak places. I do agree that the food and drinks were expensive- averaging $40-$50 for two for lunch and well over $100 for two at dinner. But hey, you're on vacation, right???The facilities at the Golden Door Spa were excellent, including a well equipped fitness center. We also had one of the best massage treatments there as well.As we were leaving, we were already discussing our next visit to Las Casitas.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>thirdavenue
<Content>Solid if expensive resort Spent 5 nights at Las Casitas in a new, ocean view one bedroom casita. We had a lovely time. Plusses are an amazing view, nice new big suite (bigger than our Manhattan two bedroom), amazing private beach/island, and Golden Door Spa is really, really nice. Minuses are that the food is average and terribly expensive (though the sushi is new york good and steak house is getting there) and the service across the resort is a little clueless (but not hostile), except services is great at spa and steak house. The butler thing is an unfulfilled promise, we met a butler on the first day, who was also our bell hop, but it appears in truth to be a pay service if you want any butlering, doesn't come included in the casita rate.Here's a solution to the expensive restaurants: rent a car and go off campus. Casitas charges a very high $65 per person to and from the airport. Instead of a couple paying that $260, rent a car for less than that and go out to dinner each night (and go to a nearby grocery and get some breakfast stuff). You'll save and there are some great-to-amazing restaurants in the area that the casitas staff can recommend for you.We were pretty concerned for our vaco considering the reviews we read here, but we set our expectations to average and were pleasantly surprised. That said, we cannot speak to older casitas or the El Conquistador hotel rooms.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>RSGNewYorkCity
<Content>Nothing luxurious about Las Casitas in Puerto Rico Quite shocking but las Casitas practices false advertising. They say on their website that continental breakfast is included with a Casita but they mean it's available but not free. If you're looking for bed bugs (add a $50 cab ride to the nearest pharmacy for medication), loud air conditioning units housed right in the middle of your Casita (so that you feel like you're in an airplane), bad service (we had to carry our own luggage), lousy, overpriced spa treatments (frankly I wouldn't even call it a massage), and lets not forget the unhelpful and uninformed staff, then Las Casitas is the place for you. And don't plan on getting up from your pool lounge, because it will be given to someone else as soon as your back is turned. There was absolutely nothing luxurious about our stay at Las Casitas except for the price. Save your money and go to a Holiday Inn.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	-1	-1	

<Author>crispex
<Content>WONDERFUL LAS CASITAS VILLAGE Our trip to Las Casitas Village was from November 20th to November 27th. The eight days were GLORIOUS!!! Las Casitas is located on one of the MOST beautiful properties in Puerto Rico. The views are great and the archtecture of the casitas always amaze me (this was our third visit)The casitas are large and well fitted. There is bedroom, livingroom, dining room and fully equipped kitchen. Bathroom is ample, with separate toilet area which is extremely useful and private when necessary.The INFINITY pool at Las Casitas forces you to truly relax and enjoy. The service at the pool area, concierge and throughout the casitas is great!!! You can tell I highly recommend Las Casitas.One minor voice of opinion: Bring back an on premise restaurant at Las Casitas for gourmet dining, as previously was.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clatoo13
<Content>Loved the property! Service was so-so       The Sky over the Ocean  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	2	3	

<Author>Geanne
<Content>World-Class Resort in Fabulous Location Las Casitas is an easy drive from San Juan and San Juan airport, located within the El Conquistador Resort. The gargantuan size of El Conquistador and the range and quality of facilities and activities are beyond impressive. We found our room and common areas, including the resort's many pools and hot tubs and restaurants, to be clean, well-maintained and well-managed. We stayed in a one-bedroom suite at Las Casitas and it was beautifully designed and decorated in a way that maximized the resort's dramatic location on a cliff overlooking the sea and outer islands. The outer islands include the resort's own private beach-island playground, Palomino. The boat ride to Palomino Island was delightful -- wonderful crew -- and we all greatly enjoyed swimming and snorkeling alongside the island's dock. We found the quality of the food at the resort to be fresh and high quality and the prices were reasonable, especially considering the overall quality of the resort. We also had a wonderful dinner at a local seafood restaurant off the resort property. We very much enjoyed both the resort's facilities and its location near small seaside communities. Hotel guests included families with children of all ages and couples from the U.S., Puerto Rico and many other countries. This is a resort that is suitable for families and for couples and other groupings and for business and for pleasure. Our conversation on the ride back to San Juan airport was dominated by questions about when we might return.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jms238
<Content>Absolutely phenomenal There may be no more impressive property out there than Las Casitas Village. Part of El Conquistador resort, Las Casitas is a little more upscale, with better service.We stayed there for our honeymoon and couldn't have asked for anything better. The view is beautiful, the pool is as good as advertised and the grounds are lush. There is not a better hotel setting out there.As for the shortcomings, the walls are a little thin in the rooms, but that's true at too many hotels. Also, the beach isn't exactly outside your door. You can get to Luquillo Beach about as fast as you can get to the resort's private island.For those who do not have deep pockets, the restaurants in the resort are very expensive (do NOT get trapped on Palomino Island with nothing to eat, because you will pay dearly), but nearby Fajardo has many restaurants and supermarkets to choose from.I have told everyone I know they should stay here, as the experience is unmatched. I was wowed every day of my stay. I will definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kdb07
<Content>beautiful romantic rooms with view What a view. Our room was in the 5200 building. One room overlooking infinite pool with ocean and mountain view. The amenities are fantastic. Yes, there were a couple of housekeeping issues but since we paid almost half (161.00). We were in love with our room. Had we paid full price we would have been put off with asking 3 times for things and the tub/shower needs regrouting desperately. The floors were very dirty but what a view and comfortable king bed. 2 nights is not enough time for so much to do here. You have all the use of the El Conquistador Resort. The beach is wonderful. Get a kitchenette and save money on food and drinks. We would love to go back for this price but not the 379.00 price. We actually booked in Fajardo online right before we checked in. Maybe that is how we stayed so cheap. Check out the fish market in front of the marina. Great little roadside stand. Try the fried fish, not battered!! Get a really cold beer from next door and enjoy.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation Escape We just returned from a fantastic week at Las Casitas. We stayed in one of the newer 3 bdrm casitas and it was incredible. Beautiful view. Quiet. Private. Granted, we're not used to staying in the Ritz or other luxury type resorts like some of those offering reviews....we're more like Hampton Inn/Embassy Suites kind of people. So for us, this was a dream vacation and a dream location. The pools were great. Palomino Island was great.A couple helpful notes perhaps:1. Renting a car was helpful. You can do it at the resort but we did it from San Juan for the week. Much cheaper this way if you want to take tours on your own and not rely on all resort tours. For example, the Rainforest tour was approx. $50/person through the resort, but if you drove yourself, if was only $3/per person. Big Difference. We also saved the $60/person shuttle fee from the airport to the resort. We 'pricelined' a compact car for the week for about $180.2. There's a grocery store about 5-7 minutes away. Stock up on breakfast foods, sodas, snacks, etc. The food is way overpriced...but that's resort food anywhere so you really shouldn't be shocked.3. I'd highly recommend the Biolumenescient Bay tour. Very cool and unique experience. The same stuff that makes lightning bugs light up is found in these single cell plankton (1.6 million/gallon) and you can kayak out into a bay and swim and see your arms and feet glow as you swim around. Awesome.4. If you want to snorkel, you can rent equipment on Palomino island for $8/person and snorkel on your own and see some very cool things versus the $60/person snorkeling tours. Granted, you may see more out on the tours, but if you're a novice and just want to experience it...go the cheap route.5. My wife loved her spa experience and felt very pampered...much more so than any spa she's been to before.6. You can walk to just about anywhere you want to get to in about 10 minutes or so. You can get shuttled anywhere you like as well, but we enjoyed the walks.7. As for the 'fine dining' restaurants, we ate at Blossom's (chinese and japanese) and Isabella's (steak). Both were okay, but not great. I've had better steaks, but it wasn't bad and the chinese food we had was better than average.8. One thing you can inquire about is a vacation planner. This person was wonderful and extremely helpful in booking all our reservations and tours.Hope that helps some. I'd highly recommend the experience and would jump at the opportunity to return.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Five Star Prices not worth it My extended family and I stayed at Las Casitas village in order to attend a wedding. The room was OK, but considering that we payed over $1000 per night, I would have expected much more. The beds were what I would expect to find at a Motel 6, the tub and sinks didn't drain, and the floor was tile with no rugs in the bedrooms. My feet got dirty as I walked barefoot across the floor. The refrigerator broke, flooding the kitchen. We had to wait over 2 hours for a repair person to arrive. The maid had not left us ANY towels that day, so we had no way to mop up the wet mess ourselves while we waited. My uncle got locked in the bathroom, due to a broken door. He finally had to muscle his way out, as help was not forthcoming. The laundry staff ruined two shirts which were to be worn for the wedding cerimony. My father-in-law had over $900 stolen from his in-room safe. The hotel management offered absolutely no apology or compensation for our troubles.The staff was rude and unhelpful. I asked a pool staff member to move an umbrella for me so my children would get shaded from the sun. The surly staffer hastily grabbed an umbrella from neighboring chairs and halfheartedly placed it so that about half our chairs were shaded. I was about to ask for a second umbrella, but the staffer had already marched away. The clay tennis courts were uneven and poorly maintained. I would not be upset by such treatment if I were staying at a two or three star resort - however, I do expect a certain level of service when I am paying over $1000 per night for a so-called 5 star resort. Las Casitas Villas is NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wanabe 5 Star Resort That Tries Very Hard Not To Please The El Conquistador Resort  Las Casitas Village and Golden Door Spa markets itself as the premier 5 Star destination in Puerto Rico but is actually a maximum two star anabe?establishment at 5 star prices. It promises iced Caviar and Champagne and delivers Soggy Peanuts and warm Ripple. I am of course referring the Las Casitas Village part of the Resort that offers itself up as a rarified experience. I am an experienced traveler with friends on travel desks at two major publications who fell victim to a marketing trap, ignored the advice of my travel card advisor and booked directly on-line. Shame on me. Las Casitas says expect to be pampered by your personal butler that tends to your every need?instead expect a guy that speaks no English to show up at your door on the morning of your check out, hand you his professionally designed business card (I put mine in my scrapbook) and wait for a gratuity. This after 7 days at Las Casitas and at check out, Ie finally met my personal butler, a celebrity moment in my life. The hotel describes luxurious suites and appointments and if youe lucky, you will get my suite and have a waterfall, right in your suite, but alas it the AC that drips water from behind the bedroom wall and puddles under your bed. The hotel engineer, a really nice guy and a Boss, told me that you have to expect water leaking if you put the AC on, he suggested we use the ceiling fans, I told him it was very warm and humid and that I like AC. Also, standing 6??in a room with 8?ceilings the fans actually hung pretty close to my head. OK so I slouched a lot, avoided the fans and went to the Golden Door Spa for comfort and escape from my Luxurious suite. The Golden Door Spa is OK but not worth the bucks, don expect w new age experience as much as an 80 left over. But the staff attentive but should lose the attitude; it not the Ritz Carlton, now that a Spa. Oh, I don want to leave out the high end fixtures and faux finishes in the Bathrooms. But alas, the fixtures were broken and the fuax finish was actually lines of solid rust on your bathroom walls (yes, I tried my best to clean them off). To be fair, we did get some of the renowned Las Casitas personal attention when we got locked out of our room on five different nights. Calling from my cell phone to the front desk and after an hour sitting outside on a curb, a bellman would arrive, always smiling, apologizing and explaining his happens all the time? Let not forget the sterling management at the El Conquistador Resort  Las Casitas Village and Golden Door Spa. It seems that everyone is a manager or boss or an executive at the Hotel, maybe that the problem, they need actual workers. Finally, watch you Credit Card at the El Conquistador Resort  Las Casitas Village and Golden Door Spa or you might find a charge on the credit card that you checked in with for $20,000 (yes, its true, it really happened to me). They explained that this was a legitimate charge for possible charges that you might make during your stay, but I was reassured by the Manger at the front desk, not too worry, management at the resort will gladly refund my money, soon and if I complain, and if they call you back, my credit card company is investigating.We got a lot of apologies at El Conquistador Resort  Las Casitas and Golden Door Spa where employees, bosses, management seem confused and distant but achieve amazing clarity when they aggressively look to your for a gratuity. A bright spot are the wonderful restaurants. my advice unless you wanabe be a wanabe, is to eat at the many good restaurants at El Conquistador Resort  Las casitas Village and Golden Door Spa, stay away from the very public rivate?beach on an island by the Marina and, now read carefully, sleep someplace else. I did not listen to my experts, I expect that no one thinks anything that looks this good could be this bad, but eureka, it is.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible service and food, way too expensive for what is offered. Beautiful location, BUT in no way should this be viewed as more than a 2/3 star resort. Rooms are nothing like as luxurious as advertised, the one we stayed in had only 1 lounge chair on the balcony (when we asked for another, we were told that we were restricted to 1?) no plug for the bath (despite requests it was never provided) furniture is tired and walls are very thin!! Concierge/butler service was a joke. For the price we paid we expected a lot more ....Room service requests had to be chased up on several occasions, it took us over 45 minutes to get some ice delivered on 2 occasions!!!Food was very expensive and poor quality at Las Casitas ( thank goodness for some good local restaurants outside the resort) and service in the restaurants was lacking in all respects, staff appeared untrained, demotivated, disinterested and even the management handled our concerns with borderline disinterest. Whilst there, sadly we frequently heard other customers complaining of the slow, poor service and poor food quality. If not for the location we would have checked out and found somewhere else after the first night...despite our complaints, it did not get any better for the rest of the stay.Reluctant to try the spa (one of the reasons we chose this particular resort) bearing in mind all the other bad service we experienced, for fear of further costly disappointment.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The problem with spring break I have mixed emotions about Las Casitas, in part because our experience changed over the course of 5 days. When we first got there (after a long wait for luggage, two lost bags and a long drive) we were pleased with the accommodations, an attractive, well equipped 3 BR casita with a great view, though we had to wait until after 4 pm to get into it (We arrived around 2). We had rented a car so we headed back out to get groceries in the evening which really helped because, as many others have commented, the food is very expensive and drinks are even more so. We had a decent dinner that night at Stingray after figuring out how to get there--a golf cart ride, walk and funicular ride down to the water level. The next day or two we enjoyed time at the infinity pool and a trip to the island but then things started to deteriorate. Pre-Easter crowds arrived and it was a 40 minute wait for the boat to the island (they only run one boat every 30 minutes) and a struggle to get chairs at the pool. By Saturday morning we were out at the pool at 8 am to be sure we had a place to sit on our last day. At our dinner Friday night at Otello's we waited 45 minutes for our appetizers and my husband was bumped by the waiters walking behind him every ten minutes or so. Even the spa was crowded--when I went for a facial there were no empty chairs in the waiting room. (Not so at the spa gym where no one seems to attend the fitness classes and I was able to get a treadmill no problem). We ventured off the resort for dinner several times and found Metropol and Pasion por El Fogon to be enjoyable but not great (they lost our reservation at Pasion and one of our party of 7 didn't get his entree until everyone else had finished theirs). Our best meal of the week was in Old San Juan (about an hour and tweny minutes away) at a restaurant called Aguaviva. I think at a less crowded time of year it would have been a very nice place but as it was I was disappointed having spent so much money that I couldn't totally relax and enjoy what the resort had to offer. The manager and others at the resort told us that they are working on improving the boat situation and that will be key.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great weather and mingling with the locals Our family of 4 just returned from staying at Las Casitas Village. We went over Easter weekend and stayed in a 3 bedroom ground level casitas. We were in the middle section by the Manor house which was very conveniently located by both the infinity pool and our local pool. We chose to not have an ocean view as we were not sure how safe it was for our young child over the bluff. (It is very safe in hindsight). We arrived Good Friday and the resort was very busy. Many PR families came to the resort for the weekend and as a resul t the pool and ferry was very busy. We visited Palamino Island and were underwhelmed. We also found the ferry process - a significant process and not worth the effort.We instead decided to take daily road trips in the morning and visit local beaches - Luquillo and Seven Seas. During the week it was very quiet at both the beaches and the pools. We met many local PR families and enjoyed learning about where they lived and what extended family members were in the U.S. Everyone we met were very nice. We went to Seven Seas Beach 3 times and it is right up the road from the resort. Our butlers Ricardo and Carlos were very attentive and helped us decide what places were worth the visit. For example, we wanted to go to Viques for the day but with a young child - they advised against it since it would take too long and not be interesting enough.We bought groceries from Amigos down the road and rented a car which gave us freedom to sight see independently. We went to the El Yunque Rainforest and hiked one of the trails with a waterfall. We went out to dinner and the food was fine. Service at Otello was extremely slow and chaotic. Blossom's Japanese was the best service and especially with kids. We ate in at the Villa the rest of the time and it was much easier. All the restaurants in the Village close early and are not open for dinner or drinks. This apparently is a change due to the new owners (Blackstone Company). We did not venture up to El Conquistador pools as they looked crowded and the pools in The Casitas Village were calmer and felt more isolated. We spent the second 1/2 of each day in the pools. If you are looking for service however, this is not the pool to come too.We enjoyed our trip overall including a trip to Old San Juan and taking the new route 66 which is much faster than taking route 3 all the way into the city.Weather was great. Everyday sunny and in the mid to high 80s.We would return to PR and Las Casitas Village.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a beautiful hotel I don't know about all the negative reviews but I just came back from a great family vacation from casitas. The staff was very prompt, nice and willing to help at all times. I did take people's advice and dined outside the hotel and I would recommend the restaurant pasion about 5 minutes away from the hotel. But other than that great villas (we were upgraded to 3 bedroom casitas from a 1 bedroom which was very nice), great pool (the infinity pool is beautiful), the golf course although very challending is very fun to play at and the camino island was a lot of fun too. I strongly recommend.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>milosita
<Content>Uggh...yuck, are you kidding me? Thank god we had eachother...my boyfriend, my friends being there to help distract me from being so at all the bad service, disgusting plastic overpriced food and unhelpful staff. Its a real shame, Puerto Rico is such a beautiful place. The hotel didnt project any of the true beauty,people,culture and foods. Trying to get off the property to venture the rest of Puerto Rico was the hardest task I ever endured. They charge insane amounts and always tell you there are no reservations. That was their plan, they didnt want you to leave, they wanted you to stay and spend $100 on breakfast $200 on lunch and $400 on dinner (for 2 people) and the food was Horrific! Oh and 20 drinks later I have a slight buzz, Whatever...  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>havaneserule
<Content>Nice Family Vacation The Casitas are beutifully sited around three pools with lush landscaping. Our 2-bdrm was roomy for our family of 4 with spectacular ocean views (we were upgraded from golf course view - what a treat!). First, the bad: Our first five days the pools were very quiet -Thanksgiving changed that to crowded pools and very poor housekeeping (they didn't even come one day). We were in a newer Casita, so the complementary breakfast was a LONG hike up to the older Casitas - and the hot items were $18 pp. Even hot chocolate isn't free - charged us $4. Use of the gym at the Golden Door Spa is $25/day - a 5 Star resort should include it. The free gym is at the Marina (10 min walk/ride on funicular) with limited, old equipment. The good: Having the use of all the El Con facilities is a big plus - with lots for the kids to do. The 24-hr butlers were very helpful - setup a great kayaking trip on a nearby bioluminescent bay and a scuba dive. If you want luxury and quiet, yet enough action for teens (our group had 5) - this is the place. The kids could head over to Palamino Island for a beach day while parents enjoyed the pools. For food - two offsite restaurants were great - and reasonable - Lolitas (mexican) and Metropol- both in Fajardo. The Hotel's Japanese rest. was fun but $400+ for the eight of us. Rent a car and save money by getting groceries - especially with kids. The kitchen is well-equiped w/ big fridge. We often stay at Ritz so wanted comparable luxury for a family vacation. Despite a few issues, we feel we got it at Las Casitas.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>brando1
<Content>Overrated!!!! Overrated!!! This review is for the Las Casistas property. To set the baseline I have traveled extensively domestically and internationally. I really thought you would pay for what you get, not here. I have no problem spending money for good service, accommodations, or food.Well, to say it simply this place is not worth the money. The trip was my g/f and I early 30s. Rates at this place start in the high $300s/nt. and go up very quickly. If your expectations are not very high, then this is the property for you. The plus' is the property location (near Fajardo) is awesome on the top of the cliff (also near the rainforest-20min) and the grounds are very rainforest like. Plus the infinity pool is very cool. That's where the positives end!First the drive from San Juan is long (45 - 90min.), depending on traffic on a horribly maintained road. Also road signage like most of Puerto Rico is set up for locals and is very poorly marked. The property is old, and outdated, again for rates at over $400/nt. The property according to their sr. mgt. is going to have $26M in renovations, but judging how terrible and slow construction is on the island, I wouldn't hold your breath. Service is underwhelming the butler service is a joke, we never saw our bell-hop after the first night, even after tipping him $20 for putting the bags in the room. Rooms do have full kitchens, which I recommend buying groceries at the market near the main road, because food at the resort is VERY high and marginal quality. Also drinks have a minimum 15-20% service fee added, so you are looking at an average $10 per drink. Service at the front desk is very inconsistent, everyone means well, but very poorly training. I would not blame them, but their mgt. Again the Puerto Rican mentality is manana (aka slow) nice people, but you will wait. Housekeeping is inconsistent on when service will happen, as we called to request it and they forgot. BREAKFAST is a joke. Continental is included in your room rate, but if you want the hot breakfast you must pay $18 and receive no credit towards/for your free continental. PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY! Don't stay here. Again lower your expectations for FOOD! Expensive, you will spend on avg. $25-$30 per person. We tried restaurants locally and at the hotel both were marginal quality and very expensive. You don't pay for what you get! The island is crowded and no big deal. Also the resort is very spread out, (most places 10-15min. walks), which was no problem for us, since the property was landscaped very nicely. The g/f went to the spa and said it was above average. The spa has a very nice workout facility, $25 per day without a treatment. The hotel has a free facility where the equipment is very old and mostly broken.Bottom line save your money, this place is not worth their rates!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible, but loved the infinity pool My family and I took a trip there this past month and we stayed one of the newer Casitas. Upon arrival we expected the butler service to help us with our bags and to get setteled in. However the butler service that was raved about, was seemingly non-existant. On first look our casita was very nicely appointed. But after closer examination, we found out hot water was turned off and there were dirty dishes in the sink. The view was decent, we overlooked the two skyscrapers in Farjado and we were on the bottom casita. We ventured to the larger hotel for dinner and the service was horrible. The food was terrible and that was the last meal we had at the hotel other than the mediocre breakfasts. The concierge was very terrible at getting us reservations. We wanted private tours of pats of Puerto Rico and the hotel was unable to acccomadate us. If you are used to luxury traveling complete with private tours, this is not the hotel for you. The only tours offered on a big tour bus, without any privacy. We spent the whole week trying to get a boat to Culebra and Vieques, but the hotel was unable to reserve us a boat. The one thing we did love about the hotel was the private pools in the resort, especially the infinity pool. This was the one great part of the hotel. Our stay was supposed to be 8 days, but we only ended up staying for 5 of the 8 and we spent the rest of the trip at the Ritz Carlton in San Juan, which we highly recommend. Hope this review helped.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow! What a great experience We stayed here for our 1st anniversary and can only speak highly about this hotel. We didn't enjoy the 2 hour bus trip but the drinks on the bus are a great diversion. Check in if you are not a Wyndham by Request member took up to 2 hours. So join--it's free and the check in is much better! The spa  fitness center are wonderful. The tennis courts very nice. The private island is very enjoyable. The infinity pool wonderful. The rooms very nice. Only thing I missed was a happy hour with some type of entertainment. The drinks are a little overpriced. The view of the ocean is fantastic even with the African Sand. Would definitely go back!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Quite honestly the las casitas is absolutely wonderful all around. From the amenities to the service. Listen my experience was wonderful, and let me tell you I have travelled abroad and stayed and many luxury hotels. This is one of the best. All those people that complain and say how bad this place are obviously out of their minds. Granted this is a tropical resort, and the culture is slightly different, so you wont always get the hand and foot treatment that you may use to, but its worth the stay. I say a 3 nite stay is ideal to get the most out of this place. Don't listen to the negative hype... Its simply ridiculous. This place is great...  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sam0256
<Content>not so great for the money I usually take what people say on these reviews with a grain of salt but sad to say most of the reviews were almost all true. Before the vacation began we had problems with getting the package we requested. Talked to many different people but no one had a straight answer, and this contunued on all through the vacation. Here are the Pros and cons. Pros- Grounds are beautiful and well kept up. Rooms (new) are great, they are really nice. Cart drivers were all very helpful and nice seemed to be more helpful than anyone else on the property. Beach is nice but a bit rocky. Cons- To get a golf cart you have to wait 10-20 mins. You may call and request one to be waiting but most of the time you still have to wait. Billed for many things that we were not suppose to pay for. Tried to make us pay for things that were suppose to be in the package. (still have not cleared it up all the way) Lines were rediculous at the time when we went. Although it was a puerto rician holiday. Beach was always crowded. Most of the staff was not helpful what so ever. Tend to be rude and they do not appologize for mistakes they have made. Went to 4 different resturants ALL were VERY EXPENSIVE. Example- eggs and bacon $16.00, a hamburger is $15.00, and dinner is any where from 25-80. Never mind a coke is $5.00. 2 out of the 4 resturaunts gave us the wrong dinner and never came by and even apologized. Every bill we had for three of us was always over $200.00.Overall- I would not suggest this resort if you are trying to have a relaxing vacation. There always seemed to be a new problem. You could never get a straight answer on where how long or what time things are going on. Before going I read these reviews and I wish I had listened to them. I hope this helps for all that are trying to plan a great vacation.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>2	1	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>they need to clean and remodelated the rooms Looking for a special place, We stay at the Conquistador.This is a beautiful hotel but the room need to be repair. the ambiance during the week is horrible. The food is expensive an thanks to the people from Concierge, they recomended a restaurant: Pasion por el fogon, we visit this restaurant two night, because the food was amazing an the price very reasonable. Our best moments in Puerto Rico was the time we spend in this place. Our recomendation. Do not eat in the Hotel, too expensive, go to this restaurant, you will love it.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>reviews not far off where to start okay the weather was awesome can't beat the carribbean sea for some beautiful sailing snorkeling kayaking and the beaches are gorgeous - now on to the casitas village - we (myself, my husband and three children) were fortunate to get the newest section of las casitas which just opened in november - the unfortunate part is that they have some kinks to work out - the hotel itself was overbooked (read real crowded) and understaffed (way understaffed) i have read in trip advisor a suggestion to tip your butler at the time of arrival to assure great service and attentiveness this did not work we saw our butler upon arrival and never again after that - i had to call the concierge the first two days to get them to clean up the villas (at 4:00 in the afternoon mind you) the main pool and the infinity pool were packed beyond belief i cant imagine how early towels were being place on chairs it felt like they were sneaking out during the night the upside of this being that the pool in the new section was a well kept secret the only problem being that there was no food or drink service - we were AMAZED by the prices of food (which is saying alot as we dine in NYC on a steady basis) even room service had a delivery charge as well as a 20% service charge tacked on and forget about Palimino island it was beautiful however on friday by noon they had closed off the island as they had reached their limit of 1200 occupants - excuse me its an island for crying out loud when we did get on it on saturday by 10 am finding a lounge chair was near impossible! the frustration of the guests was so high that tempers were flying from time to time (read real pushy) the errors on bills at checkout were laughable as there was a line of people complaining about mischarging - the room service menu took three days to arrive at our room (my teenage son loves room service) and the in room movies did not work- i wouldnt go back with the kids as there was too little for them to do and too costly for them as a whole our villas was gorgeous and had we stayed at the main hotel i would have been greatly dissapointed -  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't bother going if you're looking for a relaxing getaway... We stayed at Las Casitas the week of February 21st. This was by far the WORST vacation I have ever been on. The accommodations were superb, which they should be since it allegedly a 5 star resort, and we happened to stay in a new bldg. While we were called a week before our stay to confirm our reservation and ourtesy limo?service from the airport, we were not made aware that check-in was at 4pm (our flight arrive at 10am), when we arrived at the hotel around 11am, we were told the room would be shortly. Shortly, turned into 3:30pm. For staying at a 5 star resort, the situation could have been handled far better than telling us we could change in the bathroom and lay out by the pool or get a drink while we waited for the room to be ready. It was also quite disheartening to watch your managers frantically try to find out if the room had been cleaned or not and get no response from the maid service. Transportation throughout the grounds of the hotel were horrendous, waiting 20 minutes for a golf cart, when it would take about 20 minutes to walk to your destination. And when our destination was dinner, it was quite a letdown. The restaurants were priced where you expect for a resort, however the quality was sub-par again for a 5 star resort. For what was supposed to be a romantic getaway for us, hardly was that, especially with the fact that it seemed as if we were there during family week. The island beach seemed like a novel idea, until we got there. De-boating seemed like we got to a kid playground with children running around everywhere. While we were informed that there an dult section?it literally up a rocky dirt mountain path, which neither of us was willing to climb. The beach were also extremely rocky, again which isn acceptable for a 5 star resort. Timeliness of EVERYTHING was extremely slow, whether it because it was a busy week or the complex is vastly understaffed I don know, but when I told at the pool at Las Castitas that no one is around because it their day off, isn that management responsibility to schedule someone to cover. I was impressed with the butler service which was excellent, although they should let us know when our butler day off is (we tried to reach him and our call was not returned until 6 hours later, by someone else). Finally upon check out, we looked over the bill noticing that the courtesy limo service was being charged to us for over $400, which was never mentioned. Fortunately this was taken off the bill. Our butlers, Roberto and Eulid were great, as was our server at the caf we had breakfast at, I believe her name was Lauren (?), and the bartender there, Mary. Overall, I would not recommend Las Casitas to anyone seeking a romantic 5 star getaway.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise! Just got back from the resort and it was better than we imagined. Of course, i read the reviews before we left and some were not so good. The views were breathtaking and the employees were friendly with tips on happy hours and hideaway places for us to enjoy. Our favorite was the infinity pool and hot tub where we drank coffee in the morning and watched the sun rise! As far as the private island is concerned, it was breathtaking. There were all kinds of activities, restaurant and shopping on the island. We rented the snorkeling equipment for $8 per person for the day and had a ball. There are coral reefs all around and you don't need to take take the $65 a day snorkel trip. The boat ride out there was fun and sometimes can see dolphins. If you didn't know about the boat ride out, then you did not do much research on the resort before you left. Well worth the money!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jasan3
<Content>beautiful  We just returned from our second trip to Las Casitas in January and found it more wonderful than the first time!! The service was first class - requests to change rooms (a leak in the floor of a closet) were met with immediate help. Room service is unbelievable - we were served dinner on our veranda as if we were in a 5 star restaurant - the most romantic dinner we ever had. The atmosphere is relaxing. The beach is beautiful. We will definately return again  again  again.... $$$ but well worth it if you want to be spoiled! Treatments at the spa are great!!!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Should have listened to the bad reviews! Just returned from a week at Las Casitas where we had probably the worst vacation experience we've ever had. We have never complained at any hotel, certainly have never felt the need to write a negative review, but after the horrible service we received at Las Casitas we felt we had to share our experience with the world. I am originally from Puerto Rico and wanted my family to have a great experience in a beautiful setting. The hotel is very beautiful but after three days of terrible service we were ready to forfeit the rest of our pre-paid week stay. Unfortunately it was a holiday week (Three Kings- Jan 6) and it was impossible to find any other rooms. We took our complaints to the manager who refunded us two nights stay (at $1200/night) and by the end of the week we still felt ripped off even after the refund. Apparently half the staff was off for the week and our butler was only available for 10 minutes when we checked in, just long enough to collect his tip. We never saw him again. Our request for a sailboat charter went unanswered despite repeated reminders to both the butler and front desk, they just never booked it. Breakfast was unavailable because according to them somebody called in sick (all week?). They lost our dry cleaning and then argued we never sent it (eventually they found it- still dirty), calls to the butler and front desk for things like ice, an iron and towels, all of which are supposed to be supplied by the housestaff, were never answered. We even had to get out of our car and open the gate to the property ourselves because the guard inexplicably disappeared after he saw our car approach. I could go on and on, we just felt like we were in the Twilight Zone. My biggest regret is that I had considered returning to either the Horned Dorset or Cap Juluca but reading some of the good reviews about Las Casitas convinced me they were in the same league. Big mistake!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful!!!!! Talk about luxurious! Well this is your pick. This hotel was a charm. Very private and exclusive in Las Casitas Village, but if it is action your are looking for its just a short stroll to the main hotel where there is enough action for anyone. Great restaurants, casino and shopping. The only negative thing I want to say about this hotel is the beach access. The beach a 15 minute ferry ride away and its only open from 9am til 5pm-what a bummer. But the pools are great and if if you are not a beach bumm then this is your pick. The rooms are fantastic and large with full kitchens and living areas. The butler service is also a great touch. Five star all the way!!!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5-Star - No Way Not even close. Staff was woderful but everything else wasn't worth it. I've stayed in waterfront rooms at Little Dix, Caneel Bay and suites at the Ritz in St. Thomas for less money and a better experience then this overblown tired property. Dirty and dated bathroom (cable wire hanging from wall without a TV, desk phone jammed into vanity, orange ring in tub), small stains on the furniture, only one lounge chair on balcony, ants in kitchen with dirty wine glasses upon arrival and no dish soap), etc., etc.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Casitas I recently had the pleasure of vacationing in Puerto Rico for my birthday. I chose Las Casitas Village based on reviews I read on trip advisor. I read reviews on just about every hotel and resort in PR. Upon arrival we entered the grounds and the guard questioned our whereabouts and I advised that we were checking in and gave my name. By the time we reached the Casitas, and before we could get out of the car, our butler Robert was there to greet us. He greeted me by name! From that point on we were escorted to our two-bedroom, two-story Ocean-View Villa. Robert checked us in after showing us around our Villa, we never had to go to some check-in counter and wait for someone to look us up in a computer and have us fill out papers. From that point on we were catered to 24/7. We never unloaded the car, they did, and put our luggage wherever we wanted them to, up or downstairs. The rooms were very clean. There was a full kitchen downstairs, a mini kitchen upstairs, a balcony both up and downstairs. Service on the entire grounds of the resort was 5 star all the way and the resort is beautiful and very well maintained. You could stay on the grounds of the resort for days and not even think about going into town. I am planning another trip to Puerto Rico and will most definitely stay at the Las Casitas Village.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GCDallas
<Content>Will stay there again, maybe Just ended my four night spirit of lifepackage with them. I was greeted by the butler on arrival who led me to my room which I thought was great because it was personal. I stayed in a one bedroom casita with a balcony that overlooked the ocean. This was wonderful. However, the room is not quite 5-star. It was old and needs to be refurbished. The bathroom also looked pretty used. It was clean however. The service was wonderful. They catered to my every need. Food was just ok. The spa was fabulous. The housestaff were all friendly and courteous. Great tennis lessons from Juan. I will stay there again maybe if they put me up in the new area that they are currently building.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mothersill
<Content>Las Casitas Fantastic ! What a wonderful resort. Husband and I (and three kids) got a deal of $309 per nite in a one-bedroom at Las Casitas. Included free kids club($45 per child) , kids eat free, two for one spa ($ around $100 per treatment) and golf ($110 per round). room averaged out to about $25 after we used all the freebies (which we did). I would not stay at the main hotel ever. Too crowded and showing its age. BUT...Las Casitas was great. Very quiet, not crowded, lots of pools and hot tubs, lovely free cont. breakfast, VERY gracious staff and great views. Our one bedroom had a king bed, sofa sleeper and kitchen. Each morning we had breakfast as a family at the main pool at Las Casitas, dropped the kids at the club, went and played 18 holes of golf (or did a spa treatment), picked up the kids from the club, swam, got ready for dinner at one of the main hotels restaurants (where the kids ate free from the kids menu), stopped by David's cookies for our nightly coffee and cookies and then strolled home. It was a perfect holiday. meals in the main hotel were good but not great. japanese Bloosoms was fun for the kids and the meal was pretty good, upstairs cafe above the pool was again ok (we had burgers) but the kids loved their meals which sometimes is half the battle. Isabellas (steak house) was good but not great. Golf grill was the best. we had lunch there every afternoon. to be honest, the food wasnt horrible but not amazing. i didnt go there for the food and dont expect a hotel that can hold over 3000 to have amazing food. but the meals were good and the kids really enjoyed it. i found the cost to be the same as i have paid at other large resorts. with three children, the kids meals usually add up but that helped to keep our costs down with the eat free plan. the kids loved the club also. took a boat over to their private island, swam, went down the water slide, watched movies, played video games, ate, did crafts (of which I lots that i took home) and made new friends. they even did cool things like Dive in Movie where they showed a movie on a large screen by the main hotel (around 7p). they had free popcorn and floats in the pool for people to use. because our kids are small we didnt attend, but it looked like fun. overall, Las Casitas gave us everything we wanted as a family. time with my husband alone, time with the family, golf, spa and a great kids club. I would like to go again with another couple and get a two bedroom. it would be fun place to go bk. to .  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was great I stayed in this place in July 2003 and had a terrific time. It is a beautiful place. The setting is beautiful, the service is excellent, and the rooms were lovely. There were a few small places where things outside could have been a bit better maintained or cleaned, but these were really small issues. I recommend the place highly -- IT WAS WONDERFUL.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>martineber
<Content>Relaxing time! Traveled to Las Casitas in May 2004 and had a very nice stay. We traveled with our 16 month old daughter and set up babysitting through the hotel before we ever left home. We were very pleased with the babysitter the hotel provided -- a mother of an employee. She has provided this service to the hotel for a number of years and we felt very comfortable leaving our daughter with her so that we could enjoy time to ourselves. The Villas were very nice -- I highly recommend booking an ocean view room -- makes a big difference. The beach was a bit of a disappointment -- and, takes a lot of effort to get there; however, I really didn't care because the small Las Casitas area was all I needed. The small pool was quiet, peaceful, lovely and had great service -- my wish was their command. The larger Wyndam resort was a bit of a nightmare -- huge and crowded -- a stark contrast to Las Casitas. It was fun to walk over in the evening for dinner, but that is where I drew the lline. The spa was very nice -- next door to Las Casitas villas. Overall, the resort was lovely -- grounds were very beautiful -- lovely to stroll through. Our daughter loved hearing the tree frogs sing in the evening on the way back from dinner. Restaurants were fine -- don't go fancy -- the more casual dining is much better. My husband is a big golfer and had good things to say about the course -- very hilly/challenging. I would return.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort! We just got back from our trip to Las Casitas, and we absolutely loved it. Our 2-bedroom casita was extremely spacious and well-kept, the views from the balconies were stunning (and we didn't have an official ocean view). The staff was courteous and quite competent. Having been to several other Caribbean resorts, I was most impressed with the physcial beauty of the spot, since the whole resort is elevated above the ocean with gorgeous vistas, which I loved. And beyond that, the landscaping and care for the grounds is exceptional. The spa treatments that my family members and I had at the Golden Door Spa were amazing--I don't get tons of massages but this was the best one I have ever had. My only compaint was the quality of the restaurant food. While a previous reviewer said it was consistently good but expensive, I thought it was consistently mediocre but expensive. If we had not been in Las Casitas with the ability to cook some meals for ourselves and had been forced into three meals a day at the restaurants, we would have been more disappointed with the overall experience I imagine. I know with the scale of a resort it is hard to get the food just right, but I felt that everything else at the resort was amazing and such a treat, it is a shame they can't make more of an effort on the food. If they got the food right, I think this would be one of the best resorts in the world! Overall I highly recommend Las Casitas for an extremely pleasant and relaxing getaway.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent vacation   showReview(2014661, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic!   showReview(1772172, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top Notch service   showReview(1557630, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not for a honeymoon   showReview(1532528, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This 5-Diamond needs polishing   showReview(1369456, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Believe what they wrote!   showReview(1134384, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Very rough 5 diamonds   showReview(1110048, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NikiC
<Content>Worth The Trip But It Is No 5 Diamonds!   showReview(1089606, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In Love   showReview(846772, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staff is very rude!   showReview(821931, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

