<Author>westcoaster49
<Content>Great Hotel except for the noise Hotel Roemer in Amsterdam is one of those gems that, at first glance seemes perfect: comfortable rooms, exceptional service, great ambience....except..this diamond is flawed...and unfortunately for the Hotel Roemer, the flaw is nothing they can solve. The problem is the Friday and Saturday night yahoos that reel out of the pubs at 1 or 2 in the morning and seem to find it necessary to scream, shout, sing their way home. I would definitely stay here again but make sure that it was not on a weekend. The location is both a plus and a minus. You're handy to Amsterdam Centraal with its shopping and restaurants and to Vondel Park, but also close to the nightlife. On the plus side, the service is terrific (thanks, Fernanda) and knowledgeable, the rooms are clean and include an i-pod dock, and the breakfast is very decent. All in all, a treasure of a hotel...just not on the weekends.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>2	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Cappy2108
<Content>Special Birthday Stay!       Lucius!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Cilantro_and_Lime
<Content>Good but a bit sloppy The Hotel Roemer was the final leg of our month-long excursion to Europe. We stayed in room 34, on the top floor which sold itself as a Junior Suite. The room was large and contained a small couch and table, so I guess that might be considered a suite? I'm not sure what the standard definition of a suite is, but for Amsterdam the room was large. I agree with the other reviews that the staff was incredibly relaxed and friendly. Offering a welcome drink seems to be the standard these days, but the hotel has an all-inclusive bar which made the place feel a bit like home. I enjoyed sitting down to a relaxing drink at the end of a very full day. We encountered a couple of problems, which for the price, were inexcusable because from other reviews, they seem to be recurring. First, for the first four mornings, the staff kept asking us for our confirmation to make sure that breakfast was included. I eventually emailed back the reservation to the hotel to clear things up. Second was the way that they handled breakfast. There aren't enough spaces for all the guests to eat at once, which is fine, but they don't have an orderly system to seat people when it's busy. Clearly a foreseeable problem. [We were directed to wait on the couches until a place was available, only to have other guests seat themselves at dirty tables. I was told by the staff that they didn't want to insult these people by telling them to wait, and instead chose to insult the rest of us who were already waiting. (I sound like an old geezer, don't I?) ] All of this leads me to the conclusion that the place is disorganized; management ought to know that the problem exists but chooses to ignore what a few simple changes would fix. It's just sloppy. No matter how friendly the service may be, for $625 a night, I expect much, much better.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	5	2	3	

<Author>serenityseekerFL
<Content>Lovely but overpriced Let me preface my review by saying that at $400+ USD a night, I expect a lot. I had read so many wonderful reviews of this hotel, I decided to splurge and spend the extra money. While I agree with all of the positive reviews in terms of the quality of the hotel, I would not spend this money again to stay here.  The hotel staff were simply wonderful, the hotel is beautiful from the check -in desk to the room, and the location was fabulous. The room is quite small; however, it is in agreement with the size of typical European hotel rooms. The room was outfitted with a comfortable king-size bed, a large flat screen TV, a safe, and a somewhat stocked minifridge. The bathroom is fabulous with a huge tub, an interesting shower, two granite sinks, and a small flat screen TV.  In summary, while this hotel is fabulous, it is not worth $400 USD/night when I stayed at another great hotel in Amsterdam for less than $100 USD (see my other reviews).  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	2	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>GonsoSpain
<Content>Absolut Perfect We just landed from AMS in Madrid after spending a beutifull weekend. Our best choice was this hotel. It is quiet in a very nice neigborhood, very convinient for visiting the museums and close to the cemtrum.The staff is perfect. They are pofesional and trained to make your stay pleasent. This is a boutique hotel so don't expect large rooms, meeting rooms, etc. This is its beuty. Everything is design to make your experience different. Thank you to Roemer for delivering such experience.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thetravelbug_8
<Content>Roemer ncie but not totally convincing We just spent a wonderful weekend in Amsterdam at the Roemer. The location was excellent- near everything but on a quiet side street. Our room was nice although it was in the basement. We liked all the little details: a small flatscreen TV in the bathroom, and ipod dock, a well stocked bar in the room, nespresso and tea in the room. Our only complaint was the breakfast. There is a ala carte breakfast but it seemed quite disorganized. There were not enough tables for all the guests so we waited for a table. Once we were sitting it took almost an hour for our food to come. When the food finally arrived it was average quality, not bad. On a positive note the breakfast room is lovely with a nice view on the courtyard.All in all we liked the Roemer but are not sure we'll go back the next time we're in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>CarnarvonBoy
<Content>Very smart with extras adding something special This hotel is a little away from the centre of town but an easy walk and more pleasant to be away from the typical Amsterdam party scene. The hotel was small and not all rooms are perfect but after a couple of moves we ended up in a perfect room. What made the stay however was the little extras, a nice nespresso coffee machine in each room, free coffee in the bar area and free wine and beer between certain times in the lounge.Although not worth much financially it was great to not have to worry that every thing you wanted during your stay was going to be an extra on the bill. There was even a decanter in the room included in the rate.Overall a great spot, close but not surrounded, and with a feeling of a very classy boutique hotel.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>LFarndell
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Roemer My wife and I have just got back from an amazing bank holiday weekend in Amsterdam. We wanted to stay somewhere with a boutique feel, and for us it came down to Banks Mansion and Hotel Roemer. As we were already pushing the boat out, and we had found a deal that made Roemer a bit cheaper, we plumped for the latter. So glad we did! Got the train from the airport to central station and found the tram which takes you to Leidseplein. Total cost was about 8.5 euros each compared to about 40 euros from the airport and probably took about the same amount of time. Tram is a great way to get about and get a feel for where you are. Found the hotel easily and was immediately made to feel at home with a glass of wine. After booking in and getting an amazing room upgrade (still not quite sure how we managed that!) we settled in to the suite (room 14) in the basement. I have read reviews about this room, and you definitely have to realise that even though the room is amazing and massive, the trade off is that its under the main eating area and therefore prone to noise. Not quite sure how as there are so many thick rugs up in the breakfast/bar area. Earplugs and large nightcaps sorted out this problem for us. We certainly can't complain as we got the suite upgrade for free, but I would imagine if you were paying for the extra room, you may be a bit disappointed with the noise. But I hope that doesn't put people off as it was still the best room i've ever stayed in. Great double rain shower, double jacuzzi bath, walk in wardrobe, huge bed (but two singles on a king frame), 3 tv's, nespresso, private access to the garden. Unfortunately the DVD player didn't work. The staff are all very friendly, and I have to agree with other reviewers that it is sometimes a bit chaotic, especially at breakfast time. If its busy you may not get served for a while, so make sure you help yourself to the bits that are out. We weren't sure on the first day whether to help ourselves to drinks etc, but soon learnt that this is the best way of getting on with things there. Treat the place a bit like home from home and it will make it all a lot easier! Cleaning staff are ok, but a bit hot and cold. We liked to take a glass or two of wine down with us when we got back in the evening and by the end of the 3 night stay we had about 10 wine glasses with us! But otherwise it was always spotless. Great location for Van Gogh and Reiksmuseum. Vondelpark is a great place to spend a few chilled hours and the restaurant under the film museum there is a definite recommendation. Would also recommend the canal bus as well. Great way of learning about the canals and seeing the city. All in all an amazing weekend in a perfect hotel. Can highly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>highfly
<Content>Enjoyed stay       Outside hotel  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>paulandjacqui
<Content>Weekend to remember We, my fianc茅 and I, stayed in this lovely hotel for the weekend, the weather was terrible however it did not seem to bother us. And it was all thanks to the wonderful people and atmosphere in this hotel. We had the normal 2-person chamber, but there was nothing normal to it. The whole decoration was stylish and very comfortable. We had all we need it! I want to say thanks to the persons working at the Roemer Hotel for making this a weekend to remember!!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>AReillyLondon
<Content>Hotel Roemer every time. WOW! I cannot recommend this hotel enough. My husband  I spent 3 nights here for our anniversary and we shall be returning the first chance we get. I'm not sure why other reviewers complained about the staff, we found them extremely helpful, friendly and very knowledgeable about A'dam. The garden is lovely to relax in after a day of touring the city, the free drinks and bar snacks are also a nice touch. We stayed in room 14 which is in the basement, but with stairs leading to the garden area. Our first impression was magical as when we opened the door to the garden a duck and six ducklings waddled in front of us. They became our pets for the few days as they were living on the pond in the garden. The room is very large and the bed enormous. As for the bathroom WOW again! The shower area has two showers and is large enough for 4-6 people. The jaccuzzi bath is huge too, my husband is 6'4 and could very comfortably relax in it. The food is excellent at the hotel. The breakfast is included and is delicious. We missed b'fast a couple of times so ordered room service meals which were very large portions and also delicious. Pick this hotel if you want a romantic break or even if you have children, the garden is a great area for them to run around in.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>toujours1
<Content>Romantic, young, and hip I booked the Hotel Roemer for 1 night in order to celebrate my birthday in style (was in Netherlands for work, and wanted to live it up!) Had seen the hotel featured in a British mag as a must see hotel in Europe, and the price seemed reasonable.I loved it all: the location in the charming Vonderpark area, the greeting (although I was a bit surprised by the 'would you like a drink' question as I was doing the check in!), the room, and, of course, the all-inclusive mini-bar and happy hour!! I have never seen this included in a hotel package, and what a treat it was!About the happy hour: wine, snacks, beer, soda 脿 gogo in a cute intimate environment ALL included! About the room: Good size, lovely large bed (althogh why seperated by two seperate covers? So hard to cuddle!), fashionable yet understated deco, and A NESPRESSO MACHINE next to the bed. What else?The bathroom was also lovely: stone sinks that dry quickly, jacuzzi, shower, lovely shampoos/conditioners, and a hairdryer that acutally dries your hair! Just one small piece of advice: you must put the do not disturb' sign on the door if you do not want them walking in on you with water, candies, or just to ask if you want any drinks. Nice service, but maybe a wee bit much!In any case, I very highly recommend this hotel, by FAR the best I know in Amsterdam. Just don't reserve on Spendia.com, as they take a 40鈧?comission!  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Greenmnky2
<Content>Best Hotel I Have Stayed In... EVER!       Jon Stewart on TV in Amsterdam. It struck us as funny, so we took a picture!  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sundogg99
<Content>Modern boutique Visitors to Europe in late January will not struggle to find available hotel rooms. Although Amsterdam is mobbed with tourists in the summer (and hellishly expensive as a result), in January, hotels compete for the relatively few visitors willing to brave post-holiday winter weather in the Netherlands. I did some online research and decided to go with the Hotel Roemer's excellent winter special - our room, which in the height of summer season will cost guests around 400 Euros per night, was a total bargain at 109 Euro. You'll be lucky to find anything under 200 Euro/night now, even off-season, but the hotel does post occasional web specials.In addition to the righteous nightly tariff, I chose this new hotel (less than two years old) because of its excellent location. The hotel is situated on a quiet, attractive side street bordering on Amsterdam's lovely Vondelpark. But within ten minutes' walk, hotel guests can enjoy the park, the Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh museum, or reach literally dozens of restaurants, clubs, and shops in the always-bustling Leidseplein area... yet be able to retire to the peace and serenity of a typical Amsterdam residential neighborhood. The ten minute cab ride from the train station will set you back around 13 Euros. The hotel is built into an existing building and thus blends seamlessly into the neighborhood, which is a mix of lovely private dwellings, apartments, and other boutique hotels. The hotel's small lobby and registration area open onto a cozy bar space which in turn leads to the breakfast seating area. The Roemer offers guests breakfast, but at an eye-popping 20 Euros per person we opted instead to wander out for our morning meal. Everyone we dealt with at the hotel was cheerful, helpful, and professional, and of course, everyone spoke impeccable English. When my wife showed up a bit early for check-in, the desk clerk offered her a complimentary drink from the bar while our room got its final housekeeping touches - not a big thing, but a graceful, elegant gesture that established the entire tone of our visit. Speaking of housekeeping, let me quote from my wife's notes: The housekeeping staff is as friendly as everyone else at the Roemer, but they haven't quite figured out how to work inobtrusively. If you want privacy, be sure to use your 'privacy' door hanger because housekeeping seems to visit the room several times per day. During a three day stay, they walked in on me twice without warning. Everytime we left the room, we returned to a made (or turned-down) bed and fresh towels. Sometimes they even left little snacks for us. I guess this is a 'pro' too, but I wish they'd been more invisible. My take on this whole thing is that it's an awfully pleasant dilemma: the rooms are impeccably maintained, even after slobs like me take multiple showers, naps, and generally trash the place... not intentionally, just by virtue of living in the room. Hey, if someone is willing to come in and straighten up after me, I'm all for it. And at those times when I don't want visitors, I'm fine to hang out the Leave Me Alone sign. Beyond that single point of contention, however, my wife and I were unanimous in our praise for the Hotel Roemer. Our room was beautiful. European hotel rooms tend to be smaller than North American counterparts, and ours was no exception - but the room's small footprint was offset by attractive furnishings and high-end amenities. To begin with, our room's minimal square footage was augmented by a large covered balcony, from which we could peer into hotel's rear courtyard, as well as the backyards and windows of several surrounding structures - an intriguing glimpse into urban life in a wealthy Dutch neighborhood. Inside, the room's high ceilings added a feeling of spaciousness and serenity. While our king-sized bed occupied most of the available floor space, the remaining area was well-organized. Two wardrobes flanked one entire wall - one held the mini-bar and safe, the other had ample room for clothing. There was a desk between them with something that seems to be a true luxury in European hotels - multiple electrical outlets configured for European, British, and American plugs -- a very nice, very convenient feature. A small, flat panel TV was mounted on the wall above the desk - one of three such TVs in the room. On the desk, the hotel provided a Nespresso espresso machine for in-room coffee, and an electric teapot. Full-on, floor to ceiling blackout draperies made for a restful night's sleep. The king size bed was very comfortable, with huge pillows and crisp linens. The side tables were quirky -- they're stacked cinderblocks. They're actually quite attractive, but some may find them a little weird. On one of them, there's a JDL iPod dock with speakers. This was a nice little amenity which allowed my wife to keep her iPod charged and for us to listen to music without headphones. A second flat panel TV adorned a wall near the bed. The bathroom was pure luxury, with exquisite attention to detail. As is common in many European hotels, the Roemer featured spanking new, modern fixtures. A shallow, rectangular sink was integrated into the black marble countertop. A deep jacuzzi tub provided a relaxing soak for my wife, while I appreciated the oversized marble shower with rainfall showerhead. Above the bath counter, the third flat panel TV, presumably to watch while in the jacuzzi. The bath featured other nice touches, such as a lighted make-up mirror and digital scale. Hotel Roemer charges a relatively reasonable 12.50 Euro per day for internet access. They also offer free access via two laptops in their lobby, which is a nice alternative if you only need access briefly. Other hotels charged as much as 12 Euros an hour for lobby internet access Minor complaints: Hotel Roemer is a new hotel, and despite the wonderful attention to detail and the top notch service, they've got a few kinks to address. - The flat screen TVs, while undeniably cool, are also hopelessly confusing. Three TVs in the room, one remote. We used the TV over the bed to watch CNN a couple of times, but we never had any need for the other two-- a good thing, since we couldn't figure out how to turn either of them on. - The bathroom plumblng fixtures are very attractive, but among the least intuitive I've ever used. A laminated card on the vanity would have saved my wife from inadvertently soaking herself on the first two mornings. - Mixed reviews on housekeeping staff... let's agree that they can work on being more unobtrusive. - Although all the hotel's rooms are non-smoking, the lobby is not. It's a beautiful lobby with a fireplace, comfortable seating, and a full bar - but it absolutely reeks of stale smoke, and as a result was not a place we were inclined to linger - a shame, really.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>JoleneBrussels
<Content>Cozy in the Roemer We stayed 2 nights at the Roemer over Easter and we found it really very nice. We had a room downstairs, Room 11. At first, we found it a little strange to be going downstairs, but it was a really spacious room (compared with most European hotel rooms) with a nice bathroom  jacuzzi tub, it felt like having your own apartment really and it was really quiet. The staff was friendly and helpful. They have a nice made to order breakfast, snacks and drinks in the evening near a cozy fireplace in the common area. It also had a great location just on the edge of the Museumplein on a quiet street. We totally recommend it, we'd definately stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mumindalen
<Content>My only pick in Amsterdam Quaint and cozy in a modern sort of way.I really liked it, and felt that Hotel Roemer gave little tips on interior decorating. My boyfriend wanted the Grass thatch painting that hung in the hallway, still does :)We had the executive suite, and only stayed one night, which wasn't enough to fully enjoy the room. Tub and all...The backgarden was such a treat, calm and secluded (as secluded as you can get in Amsterdam I guess LOL)Some other reviewers have commented on the size of the rooms, and me never having seen the reg. sized rooms I don't know. However my boyfriend is a BIG guy, 6'6 (2m), and he was very comfortable. This says a lot. We have also travelled a lot so we do have something to compare with. But this begs the question, how much room does one need?I read one amuzing review when the patron was going on about how much the amenities added on the cost of the stay (lcd TV's etc). LOLIf one has that attitude, one needs not look any further than the average hostel w no frills. For the rest of us, I assume that Quality is rather experienced in tighter quarters than not at all. Stayed in a gigantic room in a Luxury Hotel in Amsterdam, with zero personality that was horrible.I'll happily take Hotel Roemer, and go back when I decide to return to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>superali99
<Content>Mixed Blessings       Our Executive Room - still tight for space though!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	2	5	2	4	

<Author>996cz
<Content>Best Hotel in Amsterdam I have stayed at no less than 10 different hotels in Amsterdam over the years, and I can honestly say that the Roemer surpasses them all. The location is great. It's a three minute walk to the Leidseplein, very close to the museums and to the high fashion street. It is on a quiet, small street so there is little to no noise. I had a room on the top floor overlooking the garden.(Very quiet.) The room was great. Very large for Amsterdam standards. (I did stay on another occassion in a smaller room at the Roemer, which was on the small side, but where it lacked in size it made up in comfort and amenities.) The room is decorated in a modern, stylish yet very comfortable way. The bathrooms are great. T.V's are everywhere. The service was really good. It's not a big hotel and there aren't that many staff members, but everyone was very friendly and did anything to make you enjoy your stay.I ate breakfasts there and ordered room service a few times. The breakfasts were very good--nice selection of meats, cheeses, fruit, juices etc.I highly recommend the Roemer.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Griswalds83
<Content>Little Gem Pricey but very friendly, service impeccable, and a nice breakfast included. For families; location is good:- 2 mins walk to canal bus and 1 min walk to Vondelpark (nice restaurant under the film museum), 5 mins Von Gogh museum  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>TDel71
<Content>Great small hotel My wife and I stayed here May 2007, after reading the great reviews on here. It was a very nice place, although it is a bit off the beaten path , depending on what you want to do. Renting a bike is almost necessary , as the hotel didn't seem to have very many of them for guests. Conveniently, there is a bike rental place nearby. The rooms were nice, clean, with good decor. The only thing that they could improve was a tendency to be a bit understaffed, with often only one person doing all guest interractions, such as checking in/out, getting drinks (there is a nice courtyard in the back) , and helping with information all at the same time. Overall, a very good hotel , and I thought reasonably priced.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>jshorty
<Content>Pure pleasure! My husband and me have not long arrived back from a fantastic stay at the Roemer. It was pure pleasure and enjoyment. We stayed in a Junior Suite and believe me it was superb! Fab jacuzzi bath,excellent flat screen TVs, 3 of them! Complimentary whisky,gin and vodka also tea and expresso coffee. A DVD player and a docking station for your i-pod. There were fluffy bathrobes, slippers, towels and creams, lotions and toothpaste. Everything yoou needed and more! The staff were extremely pleasant and helpful, the views were lovely and the location was perfect.In fact I don't think I can fault any of it.. well done to everyone at the Roemer who made our stay just right. Will certainly be booking a room here again.Thankyou!Mr and Mrs M. Coventry England  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ibb
<Content>Trendy hotel tucked away in calm area       My room  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>lflw
<Content>Fantastic hotel/location       lounge area  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cmofish
<Content>Lovely hotel in perfect location For me a 5 out of 5 hotel is a hotel so good that you don't even think of trying anywhere else. Next time I go to Amsterdam, this is where I want to stay. From the moment we were served a free drink in the garden on arrival everything was great, especially the jacuzzi bath. The location was just right as its in a quite residential street but is 5 minute walk away from busy Amsterdam! The price we got was really reasonable too.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>freelander1994
<Content>Loved it! Warm and friendly receptionist. Location is great - on the edge of the Leidsplein and the museum district - so whatever takes your fancy! Easy walking distance to most places.We asked for a quiet room (wouldn't want ground floor rooms near bar or lifts) and although we were at the front on the first floor (rm 20), it is a quiet street and we slept soundly.Rooms size was fine for us - not sure it required three tv's tho!Lovely, small fireside lounging area for afternoon tea and cakes (complimentary) and the complimentary bar in the eve - which includes free side bowls of salads, canapes etc - was a lovely touch to set you up for an evening out.Room service was a bit shoddy I must admit, but rooms were very clean (they just left dirty glasses both days and the bed was a bit of a mess after the turn down service!). Overall, found the hotel very pleasant - clean, modern, friendly and great location and would stay again. You do however, have to get up early (I mean 9-10ish - not 10-11ish) for breakfast otherwise you will have to wait for tables as there are very few places to accommodate everyone.Take the hop on/off canal cruise (36euros for 24hrs), be prepared for a 2 hour queue even in winter for a visit to Anne Franks house and take a stroll down the 9 Streets for chic and independent shopping.Take the train from the airport (8 an hour) to the Central Station and a short 12euro taxi ride will get you to the hotel. We uses our canal cruise ticket to take us back to the station in the evening 鈥?lovely ride at night time.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>TravelBuugg
<Content>Loved it but skip this place if you're claustrophobic A boutique hotel about a 5 minute walk from Liedseplein which is a happening square. The hotel is definitely small - just as the other reviews mention - but even after expecting a small room I was slightly shocked. You could only fit one person on either side of the bed. There's not much room for luggage and moving about if you're sharing the room with another. The bathroom was pretty tight as well. But the good side is that the room was immaculate - crisp linen, feather comforter, fluffy pillows. The bathroom had a tv so you could enjoy the news while showering. This is an all inclusive hotel which meant that the drinks were free in the minibar and so was breakfast. Breakfast was da-lish! We ordered dutch pancakes every morning. The dutch really know their pancakes. But you may have to wait to get a table, as one reviewer mentioned, since this is a small hotel. And sometimes you have to wait for the front door to be opened as they don't just allow you to walk in. You have to be buzzed in which is nice for security but a pain in the *** when its freezing out and there's no one at the front desk to let you in. Overall, you'll enjoy it. We did!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Tal200
<Content>Many Many buts The good part is the location, new rooms and relatively freindly stuff.But, there are too many buts for this hotel:1. Rooms are very very small, even though I order the executive rooms2. It is a butique hotel. it means you will wait for breakfast, sometimes wait outside till someone will come to the reception and open the door, etc.3. When we checked in, there was a half empty bottle of water in the mini bar (!!)4. When we checked out, I asked to pay in 3 payments (trust me, with the bill you will need it ;-)). they said ok, i signed 3 times, and when i got back home i saw that all payments were taken immedately... G. when i called they say there is no policy of payments....Too much money for this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>TongH
<Content>Great stay! I was staying at Hotel Roemer during x'mas. Unfortunately, I had to be on my own for one day but the hotel staff made me feel very secure and welcome. The hotel is small but lovely. I booked a double room, it is quite small but it's clean and functional. The location is ok about 5 minutes walk or less from the tram stop (Leidseplein) you can take route 1,2 or 5 and the hotel is more or less on the road behind Mariott. From there you can walk to Rijks museum, Vondel park and many more. Overall, the experience at Hotel Roemer is quite enjoyable and I would definitely return there if I have a chance.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>noirbidu
<Content>Loved Hotel Roemer A very nice boutique hotel. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. The room, although small by US standards, was very functional and clean. I loved the TV in the bathroom. The dvd player and Ipod docking station was a nice accessory. I also loved the included drinks and snacks in the room and the bar in the lobby with included snacks and drinks. The hotel location, on a quiet side street, near the Liedseplein and several tram stops was extremely convenient. All in all one of the better European hotels I have ever stayed in.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kerrywoman
<Content>gorgeous chic hotel lovely place, excellent staff, great location. Found the inclusive policy to be a great idea, the wine in the evening was lovely, not cheap at all. Breakfast was top quality and very plentiful. Our room was an executive one, on ground floor, and it was lovely. Well worth the price I paid, in my view. Really comfy bed, slept so well!! Spacious, bright room - airy and spotlessly clean. Lovely lounge area to sit and read in the room, in addition to the public lounge area near reception (which also has free internet access, very useful).  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>salgys
<Content>Chic exclusive hotel in upscale neighbourhood but small rooms The roemer, as others have written on this review page, is located close to the museum area and upscale shopping street. The hotel is small, with a living room - like lobby, a cosy bar with a very friendly barman. I read the review before I booked and knowing that the rooms are small, I paid more for an executive room (about Euro 340 pernight). Unfortunately, when we arrived, we found our room to be very small and claustrophic except we had a balcony which provide a bit of relief. We went down to the reception and asked but were told it was the executive room. Later, I found out there are rooms in our floor which is bigger so perhaps not all excutive rooms are small.Apart from that, the hotel is wonderful. It's location is perfect with the wonderful Vodler Park right next to it. We rented the hotel black bikes (much more diginty than renting the bright yellow tourist bikes) and had a most wonderful time.One night, we were tired so we ate at their sister hotel the Vodler Hotel across the street. Unfortunately, I had a tummy ache that night.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>LizzyG2307
<Content>Perfect in Amsterdam A perfect weekend in Amsterdam. That sums up our experience at the Hotel Roemer. From the moment we were greeted upon our arrival to the final goodbye as we left. Friendly helpful staff who catered to our every need - with a smile and a genuine caring that we were enjoying our stay. Room was amazing, the bathroom to die for. The jacuzzi bath perfect to ease away the strains of walking around Amsterdam all day and the rainfall shower a real treat. We upgraded our room and got everything included - breakfast and all drinks all the time, well worth doing. Decanters of spirits in your room and a mini bar fully stocked. A stylish, comfortable and quiet hotel with a brilliant courtyard decked garden. Located within minutes of all the museums and just a few minutes walk to the Leidsplein and access to all the trams to take you where you wanted to go. It was an amazing 3 day stay and the best recommendation I can give is that we can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Elizabeth79
<Content>The best location I stayed here with a friend for four nights in October. We went for a fun break away, and we wer glad we stayed here. I think the greatest thing about the hotel is its location. It is in a quiet street, very close to the nicest shopping street and the vondelpark. The museum district and the De Prijp (best place for non-tourist type restaurants and bars) area are also stroll away. But best of all, its a good distance away from the sleaze of the red light district!The room itself was very nicely decorated - everything is modern and comfortable. The bathroom was lovely with a jacuzzi bath and rain shower. Our main complaint about the room was its size - it was quite small and pokey. However i have heard that this is standard for Amsterdam hotels so we didnt dwell on this. The other negative was that i had booked a twin room and also emailed the hotel to confirm it was in fact a twin. When we arrived it was two beds pushed together that for some reason could not be pulled apart. We were informed this was the only type of room they had, so i felt i had been misled during the booking process. The hotel operates on a 'fully inclusive' basis. This basically means you can have free minibar, drinks in the bar and breakfast. Dont be fooled by this - we just had breads in the morning which can be bought cheaply elsewhere. Plus the booze didnt have labels and we suspect was cheap. We booked thinking this would save us money overall even though the hotel was pricey - i dont think it did so be careful of this trap/gimmick! One other thing to note: we asked the staff twice for help on things to do, and they werent able to do anything for us. While they were very nice people this was disappointing. Overall i have to say we enjoyed ourselves and would consider staying in this hotel again - depending on the price! I definitely believe that the location here made our mini-break.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>ginny100
<Content>great hotel great hotel, fantastic staff who were very cheerful and very helpful with all our questions. Loveley city garden. we had a king size room with bath and 2 rain showers, very spacious and everything you would need, eg hairdryer, plenty of sockets etc.Would stay here again and would encourage someone to use this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EnglandElizabeth
<Content>A brilliant hotel This was our first stay in Amsterdam and we absolutely loved this boutique hotel. It was in a good location, a little out of the hustle and bustle but within easy walking distance to the main attractions. The hotel was spotless and the staff were very helpful. My husband loved the television in the bathroom and I loved the Jacuzzi bath - perfect after a day of sightseeing in the cold of January! The hotel bar was lovely - very relaxing for a night-cap before going up to our room! The tram system is excellent and very easy to use to get around. We would recommend a canal trip - that was a nice way to see Amsterdam. Enjoy this great hotel - we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Londonbabysw19
<Content>just perfect! i went on a romantic trip with my girlfriend - its was our 1st overseas holiday together - ofcourse we spend lots of time together already but this was our first time living together and doing everything together for 3 days - as you can imagine the hotel would be very important to us! and i have to say everything was great! when we first arrived we were welcomed and had help taking our luggage to our rooms - the place just had a warm, personal and friendly feeling. The decor is lovely too and very unique boutique style.Our room was perfect - not too big not too small just right for a couple. There was cable TV, ipod docking station, DVD etc and a lovley bed - very clean with modern theme throughout. the bathroom was a bit small but a great shower lovely mirrors.downstairs in the lobby there is internet and also a cosy bar area with great big comfy sofas perfect for rexaling before going out or after you get back - they had every drink possible in the bar and all staff from reception to bar and cleaners were great and friendly! The location is fantatic but get your bearings because the streets look the same so sometimes a wrong turn can put you right off track - the best way to the local bars clubs etc is to go through and behind the Hard Rock Cafe - once here you can get anywhere from the shopping areas right to red light district and dam square. Vondel Park is like 3-5 minutes away and also the trams are great - quick clean and on time they can take you anywhere and fast too! cabs in to dam sqaure are cheap too so if your out late get one back! we got lost on the way home just becuase we preferred to walk talking in the sights and sounds! there are also bikes with a small carrier at the back perfect for 2 people - they are cheap and about 6 euro per person (12 Euro as they only hold 2 people) but you can get these anywhere and the drivers tend to give you a tour, expaining what everything is as you pass - good to know stuff too!all in all we had a great stay and saw and did so much - the hotel is great and i will be staying again soon! thanks for a great stay! and Amsterdam in itself is a lovely place - no matter what your going for you can find it there!the hotel Roemer is great value for money, location, comfort, and ambience! go there!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i have been to amsterdam about 20 times (my job takes me there too) and on all types of visits from working, with the lads on a crazy weekend, with a girl on a quiet relaxing break, on a music holiday to go clubbing and raving etc - and also a 17 year old years ago to experience the place and definitley the hotel Roemer just had something special so would say its better then the 5 star hotels i stay in when working in amsterdam!thanks!Omar - London!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ans206
<Content>Great service We stayed in the roemer several times for business purposes and for pleasure. The hotel is small and very personal. Rooms are great, remember amsterdam is a small city with often very small hotel rooms, but the roemer has absolutely made the best of it. only 20 rooms and all are different. They all have several tv's, ipod docking statioons and a nice nespresso machine. The bubble baths are a very very nice touch. This also goes for the tv in the bathroom!! The staff is nice and friendly. Ask for a specific room...and they will probably help you. The bar is cosy and small. internetcomputers for free in the lobby, all in all a nice place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Snouchy
<Content>Great Location and chic rooms       Bathroom  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>wagtails
<Content>an absolute pleasure to stay at the Roemer Spent 3 nights at the Roemer during July and it was an absolute pleasure. Very stylish boutique hotel with very friendly, professional staff who know what customer service and satisfaction are all about. We reserved an Executive/King room over 3 months in advance at an excellent rate and we are glad that we did because the room rate kept rising as the Roemer's popularity increased (based on TA's popularity index). Today the cost of a 3 night stay would be double what we paid. The hotel is relatively new and at the time we booked was still establishing its reputation - that reputation is now well and truely established. We arrived mid aftenoon to a warm friendly welcome and after checking in were offered a welcome drink. While the room was a good size, the huge king bed took up a lot of space. This was compensated by a delightful large balcony with outdoor table and chairs overlooking the beautiful landscaped garden and outdoor courtyard. Unfortunately the weather was not the best during our stay and we made little use of this comfort. The bed was extremely comfortable with an abundance of huge pillows. The bathroom was very plush and practical with an enormous shower head and the added bonus of a small plasma TV to entertain while showering, or a long relaxing bath, after a day of tourist activity. The location of the hotel was excellent, in a quiet street with a short walk to Leidseplein and its many touristy restaurants, as well as a departure point for canal cruises, and a little further to the Rijksmuseum and the Van Gogh Museum. The area is well served with trams, no's 1, 2 and 5 passing frequently to whizz you off towards the central station and other touristy areas. The staff were very helpful in providing directions and answering any other questions we had. After returning to the hotel after dinner on the first night we met the very friendly and personable barman who brought our welcome drinks as we sat by the fire in the lobby lounge. He also provided useful information to assist us with our planned activities over the next 2 days. After that we made a habit of having a nightcap from the cocktail bar each night and a chat with our friendly barman. The lobby also had 2 computers for the free use by guests which was very much appreciated. The only downside to this hotel, and it is only a minor one, is that breakfast is not included in the tariff, but you can partake for an extra 20 euro per person. As most others have reported in reviews of this hotel it was easier to wander into Leidseplein to enjoy a more economical breakfast. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in Amsterdam, which exceeded our expectations, and our stay at the Roemer was a major factor in ensuring that we were completely relaxed and comfortable while exploring the delights of this city and returning to a home away from home. After travelling though Europe for 6 weeks and staying in 6 hotels with superior/deluxe rooms and 2 apartments we agreed that the Roemer was right up there with the best.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>imp1
<Content>highly recommended Stayed 3 nights in July 2007. Smart boutique hotel in an excellent positon of the City. Close enough to walk to all the sights yet just off the main roads to provide a peaceful refuge at the end of the day.We had one of the rooms at the rear of hotel which had a balcony overlooking the well designed garden. Staff were very attentive and friendly. We didn't have the breakfast but there are loads of eating places a short walk away.Decor was very modern and the bath was wonderful - liked the tv in the bathroom.The bed was enourmous and comfy, so much so it was a tight squeeze to get out one side.Housekeeping was a litte lax sometimes - eg tea making facilities not topped up - but this is a minor gripe really, and we would certainly return.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Maykush
<Content>Beautiful hotel, great stuff and location We come to the hotel for 5 days and 4 nights, 4-8 of July.The hotel is cozy and beautiful, as if some one accommodate you in his own house. The stuff is excellent and very welcoming, helping, guiding and always smiling.Rooms are very beautiful and designed.For me, the problem was that the rooms are too small (and I'm talking about the king executive rooms) which made me feel a little in claustrophobic. We had a room with balcony which made the situation a little better.My suggestion, if you do care about the room size, is to take the king executive rooms in the second floor, without balcony, but with much larger space in the room itself (Room number 30). I must say as well, that my wife really liked the room in spite of its size. The location is beautiful, very quit on one hand and very close to the laidsplain on the other hand (3 minutes walking distance).I personally, love to seat in my room, to look out, and to live the city what you can not do here.On the other hand, if you need a quit place after a busy day to relax and in the same time to be very close to the main events, this is the place to come to.I ordered directly with the hotel and not through any internet site and got a much better rate then all the sites offered.I recommend this hotel and think it is a wonderful place to be at during your visit in Amsterdam  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>nidhipandey
<Content>wohoo!!! a great hotel..arrived early..room wasnt ready but left our stuff and had a wander in amsterdamstayed in room 28-massive bed, 3 TVs, ipod dock, dvd player-we love our gagets and throughly enjoyed the stuff given!great barman..had welcome drinks and was left alone if we wanted some us timedown side is that prob breakfast isnt provided..we werent so bothered but i guess if u pay around 250 euros per night for 2 people.....??should it be includedalso the hotel isnt geared up for food..it comes from its neighbouring hotel--there were some issues with room service...the menu was wrong..no food..cook was unwell...but , well..these things happen i guess...  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>sarah-1975
<Content>Fab Hotel We booked to stay at this hotel as a treat for my husbands birthday. We got the train from the airport (20 mins) and then got the tram (either No. 1, 2 or 5), we would recommend anyone to travel this way very clean, cheap and easy to use. We arrived quite early so our room was not ready but they were more than happy to keep our bags for us, we were also offered a free welcome drink which we could have then or later from the bar so we decided to wait until the evening. As the room was not ready we went out for a walk the Hotel is ideally located for the main leidseplein square (5 min walk) where you will find all the main bars and restaurants, and lots of good shops. We had dinner one night at a Restaurant called November which was very tastey and very reasonably priced (would recommend). In the main square there is a bar/cafe called The Bull Dog which do fab pancakes of all types of variety great for breakfast, You can also get your 'smokes' and space cakes/hot chocolate!! if your in to that sort of thing from downstairs in the bull dog which is great.Back at the hotel we checked in about 3pm and were advised we had been upgraded which was a nice suprise and our luggage had already been taken to the room for us which was a nice touch. The room was lovely the bed was huge, there was 3 flat screen tv's one for the bed area 1 in the sitting area and 1 in the bathroom. The Bathroom as a spa bath and a rainfall shower which were fab, the room was very clean and modern with all the mod cons, snazzy coffee maker (you need to ask for suger!) ipod holder, telephone, use of bathrobes (free of charge!) lovely fluffy clean towels. We enjoyed our free welcome drink from the bar when we went out that evening so we both had a glass of wine (you could choose anything though!) On my husbands birthday I had put some balloons up for him and left his cards out on show and when we arrived back in the afternoon the hotel had left us a bottle of champagne on ice which was fantastic and another really nice touch!. Unfortunatelty due to the weather we had, we didnt get to use the outside area but it looked really nice water features and great decking would be lovely in the sunshine!.We didnt have breakfast as we did feel this was a little pricey and it was much cheaper to get something in a local cafe.Overall I cannot fault this hotel and the staff are happy to help nothing is to much trouble, we will definately return here.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>uniceverse
<Content>A delightful experience! This was my first stay in Amsterdam, however my brother has been here a number of times, and both from a novice as well as a seasoned travelers standpoint we both give this hotel the highest recommendation. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly (and spoke perfect English...a huge help for somebody who isn't fluent in the Dutch). We were both given room upgrades and aside from the obvious advantages of being newly decorated, the rooms were just beautiful: comfortable, cosmopolitan and chic as all get out. In particular the bathrooms are exceptional- well designed and extremely large (almost gigantic by European standards). The location was also excellent, close to Vondel Park and the Museum quarter.All in all I can't really find fault with this excellent hotel and feel compelled to say that a visit to this marvelous city will be much enchanced by including this fine establishment as a base of operations.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sbluey
<Content>Fantastic! This hotel is fantastic and I'd recommend it to everyone! I was upgraded to the Execuitve Suite which included iPod speakers, TV and DVD in the bedroom and the bathroom, huge mini-bar and a brilliant jacuzzi bath. I was only staying in the room for 7 hours in total, but I made sure I took a bath and used each of the fabulous perks of the room for at least 5 minutes!!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	4	4	

<Author>frequentflier3
<Content>Very original We were very impressed with the Hotel Roemer, and would certainly go back if we could afford it!The location was excellent because it is very quiet, yet easy to get to all the tourist areas.We were very surprised to find that our room had a flat screen television (plus another one in the bathroom). There was also a docking station for iPods (we are too old to have these, but I am sure that young people would find this very convenient).Our only problem was that breakfast cost 20 euros. If this had been included in the price we would have given it five stars.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Uisce
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous Hotel Roemer is a small boutique hotel in a quiet area close to all museums and shopping areas etc. We stayed in room 21, a small (but executive king) room and in some ways a little cramped but the balcony with two chairs and small table increases the size of the room by a third with a lovely view over the back gardens of the nearby houses, it is Amsterdam afterall and only newly built hotels have large rooms in general. The room was sparkling clean, toiletries are of a good quality, the mini bar is well stocked, strangely though ours was missing sparkling wine/champagne. An espresso machine was in the room as I believe it is in most rooms but was not supplied with sugar or milk (a Dutch way of drinking coffee) and tea was not available either. I take it this is normal but when we asked for what we wanted,it arrived almost immediately with a smile and 'nothing's a problem' attitude. The room service menu is limited and only available until 11pm but it is a small boutique hotel so there are some sacrifices! Breakfast was a small dissapointment and the only aspect of our three day stay we were not happy with, but not sufficiently unhappy to complain. However, drinks are always served with snacks, coffee with tiny muffins and soft and alcololic drinks with beer nuts, a lovely touch. The staff were warm and friendly, Joost the evening barman is an expert at judging if guests want to be left alone or have company, chatting, suggestions for trips, restaurants etc. He makes a mean cocktail and is very helpful and friendly.The hotel has a cosy, warm and intimate feel to it, almost like being a guest in someone's house. Although while we were there there were aIso business travelers holding meetings in the hotel and they seemed to be as delighted as tourists. I would highly recommend it this hotel if boutique luxury in central Amsterdam with a cosy atmosphere is what you are looking for.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Sagarika
<Content>Enjoyed Our Stay We spent two nights in Hotel Roemer at the end of May and were very pleased with the place.We got a 'small double room' but were offered a larger room for the second night, but we were too lazy to move. The room, though small, was rather well equipped and had a pleasant artsy decor. The bed was comfortable, we had a wardrobe with a safe, minibar, ipod dock and flat screen television. The bathroom was very clean and the rain shower excellent.The staff were polite, friendly and very helpful. The hotel is located on a quiet street, within a couple of minutes walking distance from Leidesplein and Vondelpark. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sushi1
<Content>Fantastic! This hotel was absolutely brilliant. We were greeted with complimentary glasses of wine to enjoy in the lovely patio garden.The decor is fantastci - quircky but great. Lovely jacuzzi bath and the rain shower was great too. I almost don't want to tell people about this hotel in case they put the prices up but I honestly couldn't find a single bad thing to say except after four nights going home to my boring bathroom made me grumpy!Enjoy  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>FreedSA
<Content>Couldn't be better-traveller from South Africa My husband and I spent 7 nights at gorgeous Hotel Roomer. It was my first visit to Amsterdam and the celebration of a 'special' birthday. Our choice of hotel was perfect! Our loft room was spotless, stylish and had wonderful facilities not often found at other hotels. The airconditioning, dvd player, flat screen TVs (with one in the bathrom!), coffee maker, Ipod docking station, jetted bath and rain shower enhanced our stay. And the staff were wonderful too-they were warm, welcoming and helpful. Nothing was too much for them. We experienced 5 star service. Joost was a most passionate barman and had an expert knowledge of dining options in the city. I was pleasantly surprised on my birthday with a bottle of chilled champagne sent to the room (thanks to Simone and Joost for all their care and making my birthday so memorable). The cosy lounge with an open fireplace, magazines and newspapers, laptops with complimentary internet access and a view of the newly established decked garden provided home-away-from-home comforts.The hotel is well situated away from the touristy areas, but within easy walking distance of tram stops, cafes and restaurants, museums, shops and main squares. Less than a 5 minute walk from the hotel is the upmarket designer shopping street in Amsterdam. We highly recommend this gem of a hotel!  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>walkerw6
<Content>A wonderful stay in a true gem! Just spent a fantastic 3 nights at Hotel Roemer. We know Amsterdam quite well and chose the hotel because the location is central (2 minutes from Leidseplein, and the upmarket shops in Pieter C Hooftstraat) yet really quiet, on a virtually traffic free sidestreet. Although it cost slightly more than we usually spend on a long weekend away, the hotel was well worth the money and didn't disappoint in any way. Our room was not huge, but as others have mentioned the big comfy bed, deep jacuzzi bath and rainfall shower really make this a 5 star experience, and I could easily become addicted to having a flat screen TV by the bath as well as 2 in the bedroom! The bar manages to be both 'designer' stylish and totally relaxing, with its fire and sofas to sink into, and there is a beautiful courtyard garden (rare in Amsterdam!) with the sort of seating which is perfect for lounging in with a drink and catching the early evening sun. Being just around the corner from the Vondelspark and its beergarten is a bonus too, if you have nice weather. The staff were very welcoming and happy to recommend restaurants etc, tho in the end we used the internet terminals in the lobby to research some excellent local eateries. We didn't choose to have breakfast in the hotel - preferring to wander up to the Spui for the Cafe-Luxembourg-and-weekend-paper option. Also, 20 euro for breakfast seems quite pricy, given that a cafe breakfast can be had for around 10. But, all in all, Hotel Roemer was a little haven of peace and luxury whenever we needed a break from all that sightseeing, shopping and cafe-visiting.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pink_fluffy_mushroom
<Content>Cosy Boutique Hotel       Our room  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>fattaileddunnart
<Content>Great Place to Stay- Lovely "Boutique Hotel" We stayed at Hotel Roemer for five nights over the Easter weekend. The staff are very friendly and professional. The rooms are lovely. Ours had a balcony overlooking the back garden (decking in garden under construction but should be finished within a few weeks). The jacuzzi bath was perfect at the end of a long day walking the streets of Amsterdam. The location is great. It is right near Leidesplein Square which is a main hub. It is a short walk to the Van Gogh Museum, Rij ..Museum. It is easy to walk around Amsterdam and this is a great place to use as a base. If you are less enthusiastic about walking, there are trams from Leidesplein Square. The 1,2 and 5 go from the train station to Leidesplein Square via Dam Square. It is all very walkable but if you have luggage it is probably worth getting the tram.You can buy tram tickets on the tram (more expensive) or buy a strip of 15 tickets (2 tickets per trip) from tabacconists. There are a more economical option.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>karensells
<Content>Modern boutique hotel-great choice! This was one of two hotels we stayed at for our week visit. It was a beautiful room, modern, with plush bed, flat screen TV (one in main room, 1 in bath), desk with internet hook-up, dining table and 2 chairs, jacuzzi tub, shower, etc. Spotless, non smoking and in new condition. Our particular room was next to a somewhat noisy supply closet. There is a small bar, breakfast can be purchased, staff was helpful. Close to all the musems.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ccrr77fr
<Content>a design and sophisticted hotel It's not that easy to find a nice and different hotel to stay in Amsterdam but i've found the right place perfectly located in the most fashionnable district of Amsterdam, at a foot distance from Vondel Park and the elegant shopping area and not far from the historic and cultural interests.The hotel is a small property extremly well designed where you'll find some ultra lively rooms very comfortable, spacious and cool. Except a huge bed so great for a remarquable rest, you'll have the advantage of a bubble bathtub, so relaxing after a long walk in this fancy city... Everything in this hotel is very satisfacting and we have really loved our room, 34, at the third floor for the high ceilings and the nice view on the amsterdamese rooftops.Moreover, the area is quiet at night and this is a fantastic plus in a busy city.About the staff, what else to say that all of them are great and very efficient. During all the stay, they do their best to offer the best hotel experience. They're very friendly and smily and this is very appreciable.So, it's a 'GRAND PETIT HOTEL and even the breakfast is really really good with high quality food and a very nice service...Hotel Roemer is the best adress in town... Don't hesitate to choose it.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smudge53
<Content>Fantastic Hotel This is a great hotel, our room (11)in the basement was large, clean and tidy.Our stay was room only so we didn't take any meals in house.With a jacuzzi bath, separate rain shower unit, flat screen tv and twin marble sinks I could have lived in the bathroom. It was our first stay in a hotel with the boutique label so we knew decor wise it would be new and modern, and wow was it.The hotel is located in a quiet side street just 5 mins walk from Leidseplein with good connections by tram to central station.The staff were friendly and helpful, providing us with complimentary refreshments while our room was being prepared.We caught The Roemer in a state of newly refurbished and would without doubt return.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>LondonTravels
<Content>Just refurbished - go and enjoy! This is a good hotel which has recently been refurbished to a high standard - the hotel photos from this site don't do it justice! Staff are friendly and helpful - the barman even went to the sister hotel a street away to collect the right ingredients for our cocktails. We walked into the centre of the city in about 40 minutes, or you can easily catch a tram.The hotel is ideal for the Rijksmuseum and its adjacent Van Gogh Museum. It's also walking distance from the upmarket shopping street Pieter Cornelisz Hoofstraat. Do lunch at Patou on Pieter Cornelisz Hoofstraat - its a great upmarket cafe. Rooms do vary in size and facility - our room (no 18) was well equipped and stylishly decorated but had no bath (not a problem for us but some people are bath-addicts!) we did have three small flat screen TVs. Why we'd need three is anyone's guess ... How well the refurbished rooms will last (a shower room with no extract is surely doomed) is a point of debate, but go and enjoy while its fresh.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>izzywizz
<Content>Fantastic Found this hotel by chance on a website, and encouraged by trip adviser reviews stayed for three nights at the end of feb. It's on a nice quiet street (which also has houses based on different countrieswhich is quite cool) and is close to the centre so we just walked everywhere despite the rain. Staff were friendly and helpful, and the room was a nice size, well laid out, clean and with a fab bathroom with jacuzzi bath and downpour shower. Only fault I could find is they forgot to charge us hotel tax, so receive a very apologetic phone call when we got home asking if we minded them adding 拢10 to the bill. Will definately stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>RebeccaDevon
<Content>Fab Hotel! My husband  I stayed at the hotel with some friends for three nights. After having searched the internet stumbled across this hotel. Am pleased I did! The location is great with some amazing designer shopping just behind  really close to all the tourist attractions  restaurants.The hotel is nicely decorated  they have thought of everything in the rooms with great coffee makers (essential for morning recoveries!). We booked a suite which was a bit more expensive but well worth it with a huge square hot tub  3 flat screens tvs.The staff are all super friendly (especially behind the bar). They do seem to push certain restaurants when asked for recommendations and these were quite pricey. There are loads of much cheaper alternatives 5 mins from the hotel and everywhere we ate was good value.Would recommend Anne Frank's house and a boat trip to see lots of the town and will definately be staying at this hotel again as it is quicker to get to Amsterdam than London for great shopping!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>miepertje
<Content>Geat hotel near everything       Seating area with designer chairs  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>AndyWaters
<Content>What a place! My girlfriend and I stayed at the Roemer for valatines this year (it was a surprise). Read the reviews before I booked, but still wasn't too sure what to expect.Probably the best hotel I have ever stayed in to be honest! Located in a quite residential area near to the Leidesplein, not far from the bars, restaraunt's and cafe's. Brilliant staff, bar guy was very friendly and helful too! As for the decor and rooms etc....It was quite simply something else, get those 5 stars out!! Will deffinately be going back there when we return to the Dam!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>monsey-moo
<Content>Fantastic hotel perfect location            
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>TeoArmes
<Content>Fantastic Stay at the Roemer!!        BEDROOM  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RocketRoy
<Content>Superb hotel! Me and my Partner stayed here in january,We only stayed here by mistake.We originally booke to stay in the sister hotel, hotel vondel which is just around the corner. When we arrived at the sister hotel the guy in the reception honestly told that they had over booked. They offered a smaller room or told us about his hotel.We was a bit suspicious at first until he told us about what we would get. Jacouzi bath,large rain type shower and 2 plasma tv's (1 in the bathroom) and dvd in room.OK. We took it and it was FANTASTIC!This is the best hotel we have stayed in Amsterdam.Staff there will bend over backwards to help you in anyway.Bit on the pricey side but Would definatly stay there again!I personal would say that this hotel is not a 4 star, More like a 5 star!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bluen0se
<Content>You won't find better for the price ... I stayed here with my girlfriend for two nights from 13th February. We arrived at the hotel at 2pm and although the room wasn't ready, we took this as an opportunity to explore the immediate surroundings, which includes the Leidseplein. On our return we were offered a complimentary drink and then taken to our room. And what a room it was! Ground floor, massive double bed, jazuzzi, walk-in shower and Plasma TVs. A real bargain for the price paid.The staff were all very friendly, even searching the internet to help us find a quality restaurant. If I ever find myself in Amsterdam again, I'll be staying at the Hotel Roemer!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ROISIN1994
<Content>So Luxurious! Stayed for 3 great nights in this beautiful hotel. I can't say anything negative about this hotel, has to be the nicest I've ever stayed in. It was so clean with very modern calm colours which wouldn't normally be my taste but I loved them here. The rooms were so luxurious and the jacuzzi was huge! No dirty grouting or dirty shower curtains which really put me off some hotels! Great barman who recommended good restaurants to us, really helpful and pleasant staff. Breakfast was lovely too. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>greengirl33
<Content>Fantastic hotel and location!! Just returned from a 2 night stay at the superb boutique Hotel Roemer. On arrival had welcome drink in the pretty cosy bar area felt very friendly. Guided to our room and found we had been upgraded to a junior suite as it was a birthday celebration!What a room biggest bed ever (7 feet wide) 2 flat screen tv's in living/bedroom area plus 1 in the bathroom along with big jacuzzi bath and rain shower we were blown away with the high standards and the excellent staff, would deffinately return to this excellent modern hotel.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JoshSin
<Content>True boutique experience, best location.   showReview(6778704, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SandstormCo.Durham
<Content>Did not stay here!!!   showReview(6519224, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>Reea
<Content>Loved the hotel   showReview(6339207, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>designer_10
<Content>possibly the best hotel I have ever stayed at (definitely in Amsterdam)   showReview(6332973, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Design-Family
<Content>Delicious!   showReview(6318013, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>boygav
<Content>Nice - but still not finished   showReview(6090361, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JetTex
<Content>Great hotel   showReview(6049347, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>trixibelle7
<Content>Fantastic Boutique hotel   showReview(6004338, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>magicbluesmok
<Content>Extraordinary place.   showReview(5925090, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yoppe
<Content>Perfect, one of a kind!   showReview(5783109, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vetsch
<Content>Hotel grunds盲tzlich ganz OK.,. Ausser Service! der ist miserabel!!   showReview(23131829, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bubblemma
<Content>Fantastique h么tel   showReview(18838956, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lmontuori
<Content>Un magnifico hotel, perfetto!   showReview(14006792, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Non fatevelo scappare!!!   showReview(13201765, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SABERO
<Content>Personal encantador   showReview(10811336, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>agreable hotel   showReview(11309682, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Wahl   showReview(11309683, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lesparisiens
<Content>hotel agr茅able   showReview(10197274, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	1	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ecxcellent hotel proche du quartier des mus茅es   showReview(11657266, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

