<Author>BrisCaz
<Content>Just make sure you get good rates I stayed here simply because I was working with a client and they were staying here as well. My company paid premium dollars ($349) per night because by the time I booked the only rooms available were Ocean View Executive Suites and I have to say, before I went, I was quite excited at the thought of staying in such a room. However, the reality was quite different (or maybe they put me into an ordinary room and pocketed the difference). Let's put it this way - if this is their Executive Suite then I would hate to see the standard rooms. There was a sitting room area that you entered first and then the bathroom and then the bedroom. It was all very ordinary and definitely not what I expected. To top it all off I was on a low floor and so didnt have much of a view at all - only really of the kiddies playground by the swimming pool. I did have glimpses of the bay area and I could just about see the jets as they came in to land. Apart from that , the room stank of cigarette smoke and I had to get an ionizer brought up.The location, however, is good and I do agree if you need an airport stopover that is is probably a way better choice if you dont mind the taxi fare to here (as opposed to shuttle buses for the airport hotels). The restaurants around here are truly great and I would be amazed if anyone couldnt find somewhere to eat that they enjoyed. On top of that the hotel itself has quite a good complex of shops and places to eat so all in all it is a good placce to stay but justmake sure you get a good deal thats all.I think if you do a deal with the hotel and it includes breakfast etc then it is possibly worth it but honestly I was super disappointed especially considering what my Company paid for this. So make sure that you get a good rate and make sure you have a room on a high floor with proper Ocean Views and this would be a good place to stay.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	3	

<Author>Reviewer14
<Content>A good hotel for a conference I did not choose to stay at the Novotel Brighton Beach, it was booked for me to stay at while I was at a conference.Check in was fast and the rooms were very clean  spacious. The cleaning ladies were very polite  thorough. My room had a lounge room and bedroom which was separated by the bathroom. The bed was very comfortable. The room also had a nice balcony with views over the water to the city in the background.Breakfast was really good with lots of choice of hot  cold foods, such as eggs, cereals, several different breads, juices coffee  lots more.The gym is complimentary and also great. Lots of cardio machines, and all very modern.All in all, the Novotel was a very clean comfortable place to stay for work. The only reason I wouldn't recommend it is because Brighton Beach is not an area that I would recommend to stay at in Sydney unless it is a stopover as it is close to the airport.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>calimnet
<Content>A good experience overall I had to write an exam in Sydney and requested a room away from street noise when I made my booking. Not only did they give me a room as requested but they upgraded me to a suite at no extra charge. I though the staff were very friendly and efficient. Check in was easy and quick. The room was clean although a little bit musty smelling when I arrived. Its a nice location, 5 mins from the airport, across the road from the beach, and there are loads of eateries in the area. Given the reason for my visit, I didn’t get to use any of the amenities at the hotel so I cant comment on those.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>9681
<Content>Real problems with checkin Recently stayed here with a group of friends to celebrate a birthday. The service was appalling. Arrived at 2.00pm and two rooms booked were not ready. The group was going out for dinner so availability of only one room for the group all requiring showers before dinner was to say the least annoying.We all used the room to shower and dress and went to dinner. Second room became available at 7.30pm. As it was a celebration one of our party asked the reception upon arrival to store some champagne. It was agreed that it would be taken up to the room with some ice and glasses when the room became available. This was delivered hours later with no ice or glasses.Hotel blamed staff being sick for problems with rooms. After complaining the group was given a free breakfast and car parking.When you plan a special occasion you put your trust in the hotel to deliver a room by at least 3.00pm and keep commitments.Never again will we use this hotel. If you cannot deliver rooms you don’t deserve customers.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>DownunderSugarglider
<Content>Mixed thoughts about the Novotel I stayed at the Novotel on Christmas night and got a special price - but their normal rate looks overpriced for what you get. we were in a Bay side suite which has a litlle separate lounge area from the bedroom. this gave us plenty of room. View was half Bay (which is not very exciting) - half city. Everything was fine - bed comfy, pillows comfy etc. Old TVs with a couple of extra cable channels - worked fine. usual mini bar. We only got 1 towel in the room (and no bath robes) so that was a bit damp. I was surprised that the bathroom is all marble and gold and then really cheap white plastic, chipped tap handles. Usual array of usual standard toiletries. Only 1 cockroach visited us in the night. reasonable sound control from the planes and traffic.Being Boxing Day the health centre was closed - so no indoor pool. Heaps of kiddies were making good use of the outdoor pool. My big gripe was the christmas dinner buffet. We paid a whopping amount to have a special christmas buffet only to arrive and find that they were doing the usual buffet with a few extra touches. Inquiries brought the response that the chef thought the christmas advertisement was wrong and so the special meals were not going to be cooked. This must surely be some form of false advertising and no discount was offered!The breakfast buffet was the usual fare. I think you could do better with your money in Sydney  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>YingYang66
<Content>Nice place, watch the detail As you would expect in this price category the hotel is excellent. Nicely located within $20 taxi of the airport with a good selection of restaurants in and around the hotel. Although I was at the hotel on business, there were plenty of sunburnt holiday makers.Check-in all OK and my booking was correctly handled. I was upgraded to a Bayview Suite which was appreciated. I had an in room meeting with two other guests that day and the extra space was needed. In room furnishings were in good order.Some areas of the hotel were showing their ware. On first arrival onto my level I fel tthe hall smelt musty and the carpets looked worn. This was also the case in room where the carpets are looking worn in the doorways.In the rooms there were some minor issues. An old Pringles packet in my bedroom cupboard. A neighbours breakfast tray was left to sit in the hall from 8am to at least 8pm that night. On checkout there was an attempted mini-bar charge for jelly beans which were still in the room. Not sure what they were up to with that one.Overall, a very pleasant stay and I would like to go back, although next time on holiday allowing more time to enjoy the facilities.By the way, if you are a seafood lover, try Petas restaurant opposite the hotel it was excellent.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>pinan
<Content>Great location and service I enjoyed my stay at this hotel. I found the staff to be very friendly. I was upgraded to a Bayview suite which was lovely. I had a large room with separate lounge room, bathroom  bedroom. I had 2 Televisions a large balcony overlooking the water, the city skyline and the airport. The location was superb, located across the road from Brighton Beach. Outside the hotel dozens of restaurants and shops, even a Coles Supermarket. Great location and friendly staff, I would definitely return.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>auws
<Content>Good location. Good service. Good room I booked this hotel due to its location. It is 15 minutes from the airport and right across the road from a Botany Bay beach.The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. I received an upgrade to a Bayview Suite and I loved the room. It had a great view out to the bay. The only complaint was there was no room in the toilet. If you are claustrophobic or trucking a little too much in the backside you may have trouble.The buffet breakfast is awesome. The buffet dinner was disappointing.Overall though, a very good hotel.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>DeanDidThis
<Content>Less than expected Stayed in a Bayview Suite for 3 nights (7-9 Feb) for a conference held at the hotel.Room: Our room had an internal door and thus a separate lounge area (with sofa that would have been a second bed if required) to the bedroom. The door is good for having the office available for work and to keep the bedroom quiet -- although the airport is not far away, so the jet engines are easy to hear. Mascot (Sydney international airport) does have a night curfew though. We had nice views of both Botany Bay and the Sydney CBD skyline, although half the hotel just faces the bay, not the CBD (L-shape).The bathroom design was a little awkward -- the toilet shoved in next to a separate shower, with not much manoevering room. You'd want not to be a bigger framed person (as I am), as you'd find the toilet placement a little uncomfortable. Something to put up with only on a short-term basis, although better toilets on the conference level of the hotel. I'd rather the shower and bath together to not have to squeeze in the toilet.We had some ants in the room (and one wandering cockroach, who we put back outside -- we guess he probably came in through the balcony door). The ants weren't prolific, but a little annoying wandering around the lounge area and bathroom. Not enough though to ask housekeeping to attend to them.Soft bed, pillows ok and 2 tvs with limited channels. We had to get the battery changed in the remote, but that's a random chance of happening I guess.Staff were okay. No sign of concierge/door staff to help with our bags on check-in though -- the lobby was deserted in that respect, so our up to us with the bags, even after checking in. It was also worth re-confirming the booking by phone the day before we arrived, as the hotel had only put down nights, not 3 as originally booked. And we also were originally told it might be hard to get a room with a king bed (rather than twin beds) -- although on our second call the hotel staff member was surprised by this information -- and assured me king beds were the main option (all beds king, not queen or double).Facilities: The conference facilities were fine, food and seating typical for this style of hotel. The business centre must have been out of order: there were only 3 computers inside the front foyer of the hotel with abysmal printing facilities: a small laser printer with toner saver turned on -- at $0.20 per page for awful toner coverage, it wasn't suitable for any business purposes. Perhaps there is another centre in the hotel that usually operates? My wife was directed to the foyer computers for this purpose: coin operated, not too hard to use, but useless printing facilities for business documents.The hotel's internet access was provided by outsourcing ISP Azure, and was wireless. My 1-month old PC's wireless was too new, and I had to use a wireless bridge (supplied by the hotel for free, but then not very practical to take my notebook PC into the conference room with the added peripheral and need for a power outlet). This service was $20/day surcharge, or $66 for 10 hours (less hours were available). Bandwidth varied, from really slow to low end of broadband -- download speeds from 3kb/sec to about 35kb/sec. Thankfully I knew how to disable my wireless connection and enable a LAN connection for my notebook PC -- it did require some IT skills to get it setup and working.The pool and outdoor gardens were closed for renovation -- black plastic bordered the restaurant so the whole outdoor area was not visible during our stay. This wasn't mentioned when booking, although as we were there specifically for a conference it didn't spoil any plans.Food: We had room service dinner twice in 3 nights -- and had a side of fries with tomato relish on one occasion. The relish turned out to be plain tomato sauce in a little jar, but otherwise the service was prompt (to the time they said they'd take -- about 15 mins one night and 30 mins the next). Pricing was pricey, but typical and expected for this type of hotel. There was a convenience store outside the hotel, but under the same roofline: this was very pricey and not temperature controlled, so some food on the shelves was soft/melted. And at $6.95 for a 100g packet of chips/crisps, this was not your usual 7/11 pricing!Food in the restaurant for lunch (conference buffet) and breakfast (full buffet) was fine and nice quality. Plenty of seating, although on a sunny day, the sun in the east-facing windows (and the reflections off Botany Bay) was too bright so we sought seating away from the view (plenty to choose from).Nearby restaurants were affordable, relaxed and very enjoyable, less than 2 minutes walk from the hotel lobby. There's a food court as well as some cafes and the main shopping street for Brighton-le-Sands, so good range of choices.If I had a choice, I wouldn't book here again. If I had a car in Sydney, I'd probably find somewhere nicer to stay and drive to the venue each day. (After 20-odd trips to Sydney, I'm feeling now like I'd be comfortable driving -- Sydney drivers seem more chaotic compared to Melbourne, where I live!). But I'd stay here again if it was required for a conference venue (I don't think there is much other choice in the area south of the airport, and certainly not much convenient public transport other than taxis of course).Overall, rating of average.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Warrens_of_Conder
<Content>Ok but could be better!       View over the Restaurant  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>barnowl54
<Content>Could be better We stayed here again enroute to the US mainly because of proximity to the airport and it was pretty good when we stayed here last year. We booked a suite for $20 more so we had more room. It is not a cheap hotel in our view so look for good deals. The king bed was very comfortable but there was no bed for the two teenagers. The queen bed advertised turned out to be a sofa bed which we had to ask to be made up. Quite frankly, if I were the hotel manager I would have been embarrassed by the dilapidated state of the sofa bed. The matress was literally undulating! It was falling to bits. They left only one pillow so we had to ring again and ask for more which were delivered promptly. The towels left for the kids were thin and fraying. The location is great and the pool and garden area are very nice. There is a walkway to the beach. The room had views of the garden area, the bay and the airport. Next time, I think we'll look around for something else.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>dancingprincess
<Content>Just OK We stayed at this hotel for 1 night in August 2006. It was OK but I would have expected more for the price. The room was average, the TV didnt work and the staff were indifferent. We were offered another room as the TV didnt work but because we had already unpacked and it was just one night we declined. The outdoor pool was very nice with a waterslide for the kids but it was cold(not heated in winter). The location of the hotel is pretty good, there are lots of nice restuarants around and the water across the road but it was quite noisy and the rooms were not very soundproof. Whilst we have no real complaints I just thought the hotel was very average for the high price charged. It is close to the airport and there was plenty of underground parking for $15 per night.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>The_Hotel_Reviewer
<Content>Great View but staff a little hit and miss       Workspace  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Ellemay
<Content>Nice position close to airport       bedroom  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stopover location       Sunrise over Botany Bay from the hotel room  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>goodnamesaretaken
<Content>Big Resort hotel They ran out of non smoking rooms which totally skewed my thoughts about this hotel. Room service was prompt but the meal was awful. Room had comfortable bed. Shower was hot, water ran with enough pressure. Its located by the Sydney airport so expect lots of jet noise.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mavalenzu
<Content>Buen hotel, mal personal.   showReview(10429902, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>もうだいぶ前に宿泊し...   showReview(19916204, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

