<Author>JavierLongo
<Content>Like staying in an abandoned town on a deserted island We stayed during the summer of 07. It was a wondeerful experience thanks to the enormous beauty the island has but the place was just OK. The bad part is management: they are intolerant, obnoxious snobs who care nothing about your satisfaction as a paying guest.There are other places to stay. Do shop around for a better deal.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rhodie2
<Content>stay away from here Isolated. Poor beach access. Long walk to pool and all uphill return to only adequate housing. No restaurant. No effort made to make guests feel welcome , cared for or to accomodate any special needs. Incredibly poor services. I will never return to Tamarindo Cottages.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	2	1	2	1	2	2	

<Author>BSteele57
<Content>Tamarindo Estates Got off the airplane and one of the hosts was at the airport to meet me with my rental jeep and keys to my bungalow. She gave me a map with all of the sites plainly marked as well as places to eat, shop, etc. I drove to the bungalow and found bottled water chilled in the fridge for me. The view was awesome! The air-conditioning in the room was frigid and the snorkeling some of the best I've seen. I met all of the hosts at the on property restaurant that night and we had a wonderful chat as I learned more about Culebra and the lifestyle there.  I will definitly go back again and when I do, I'll stay with my friends at Tamarindo Estates. Louisville, Ky  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tmack98
<Content>Beautiful island, horrible hotel This will be brief. Culebra is wonderful: the people, the beach, the weather, the food; yet our hotel -bungalow, cottage, shack- was horrific. It was isolated, poorly maintained, and expensive. My family and I will most assuredly be returning to Puerto Rico, but I will never put my foot on anything associated with Tamarindo.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	1	3	-1	1	1	

<Author>Laurahfc
<Content>Private Casitas, Incredible Snorkeling From the top of a hillside down to a coral-strewn beach and some of the best snorkeling in the Caribbean, Tamarindo Estates gives you everything you need in Culebra. The casitas are funky but comfortable--and most importantly they are air conditioned. Down by the water there's also a restaurant in season (not open in the summer) and a swimming pool. You'll take a long, rutted road to get to Tamarindo, but by then you'll be used to potholes and ditches since all the roads on Culebra could use a good coat of asphalt. Recommended for families, friends or couples.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>vacationnazi
<Content>What you see is not what you get What you see in the internet is not what you actually get. The villas are tiny and the administration very unfriendly. Also, you have to walk a long way to reach the beach. My friends stayed in a private villa that also is a rental and they really got their money's worth. Culebra is beautiful though and we will go back, but we will not stay in Tamarindo Estates.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	1	3	

<Author>Eunice711
<Content>Enchanting place. We are from New York and traveled to Puerto Rico for a family reunion and decided to do it at Tamarindo Estates. Each little apartment kitchen had everything we needed from dishwashing soap in the kitchen, pots and pans, paper towels and the bathrooms were clean and wer also equiped with soap, shampoo and conditioner. Each small apartment has a balcony with tables and chairs. There is a shower outside to clean up before going to the apartment. There is a barbecue pit in front of the villas with tables. The place was clean and comfortable. The walk to the beach is a long one but once you get there the view is fabulous. The pool is a good size and the pool house is equipmed with bathrooms and shower. The beach house has tables and you can also barbecue there. The property manager was very helpful and was always there when we needed him. Adults and kids enjoyed the place. The best snorkling in the island is right in front of this property, we found out it is a natural reserve.The only problem we found is that you must bring your food supplies from the main island or be prepared to pay the prices of culebra. They do not have supermarkets but small stores. We found everything we needed but not always in the same place. Make sure that you rent a jeep (we did) or you will not be able to move around at wish. We did find that taxi drivers are easy to find and during off hours if you make previous arrangements they will pick you up and wait for you to take you back to the hotel. There are many restaurants in town.Recommendations: The most beautiful beach is Flamenco beach - a taxi ride away. You can walk it but there are no side walks and you can not always see the cars coming so we decided it was safer to drive there. There you will find kiosks with food and beverages.Make sure you get your ferry tickets early as they sold out fast and be on line at least an hour before if you are traveling with luggage.There is a car transport that works from Monday to Friday, if you want to take your car from the mainland a reservation is needed but it does not work on Saturday and Sundays.All and all we will do it again. If what you are looking is a quiet, peaceful place full of nature. This is it. We are ready to do it again..  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>FrequentFlyer2007
<Content>Stay away When it comes to Culebra there aren't too many options because it is a tiny island....however, I was not happy with Tamarindo Estates. They charge between 140 and 200 dollars a night for a tiny one bedroom suite...the air conditioning only works in the bedroom. which has a tiny full size bed..the mattress and pillows are covered in plastic covers. The bathrooms are old and at times moldy...they only offer you one bar of soap and a few rolls of toilet paper...no shampoo, no hair dryer. The living room area and kitchen is muggy because the a/c doesn't work there (who can even think about cooking when it's 90+ degrees?)And the absolute worst part about staying there is that there is zero customer service. There is no main office that stays open for a certain number of hours a day...no one is there to give you tips about the island...instead the management just wrote up a xerox copied manual of restaurants and car rental agencies in the area.They basically gave us the keys and said buh-bye you're on your own.If you like paying nearly 200 dollars for hands off service...go for it. If not I would SKIP the Tamarindo Estates...it is not worth the money and there are other accomodations on the island that cost the same but should be much better.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	1	1	2	

<Author>FancyDay
<Content>Exceeded expectations Like others here, I was pleasantly surprised by Tamarindo Estates. I expected the worst, and my expectations were happily exceeded.Five of us stayed in adjoining cabins for two nights in March. Luis, the property manager, could not have been nicer or more helpful. In addition to the basics of the cabins, he gave us tons of information about his favorite restaurants and beaches, snorkeling, and how to avoid injuries from fire coral. We enjoyed the small pool and the snorkeling right off Tamarindo's property. The snorkeling there was among the best we found on the island, and we had the water to ourselves each time. The small sandy beach is a 5-minute walk down the road.The cabins are extremely basic, but spotlessly clean. The bedrooms had ceiling fans and A/C, which we didn't even use all the time. There is satellite TV in the bedrooms. The kitchen had the essentials for cooking. Most of the units, especially upstairs, have beautiful views from the porches. Tamarindo Estates is a good choice for a secluded, self-catering choice in Culebra, especially for families.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	-1	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>NyQueens
<Content>One of the better (if not the best) places to stay in Culebra We stayed at Tamarindo estates 2 weeks ago. Since we spent a lot of time looking into the accommodations in Culebra, we are puzzled by the negative reviews of Tamarindo. There are 2 things to remember about accomodations on this quiet, rural island: 1) the options of where to stay are limited and 2) the typical resort type hotels are rare. Most decent places charge $200/night because they can. Culebra is for people who need peace and quiet, want to unwind and clear their mind at the beach, and can live in comfortable but not luxurious resort type hotels. Tamarindo Estates is efficiently and very well run. We stayed in a 1 bedroom cottage that was well kept, comfortable, very clean, and had a lovely deck facing the ocean. All the cottages at Tamarindo should afford great views. There is a lovely pool right on the ocean and you are steps away from Tamarindo beach. True, you will not be brought a stack of clean towels nor will your sheets be changed daily. There is no room service or a luxurious on site spa. However, all you have to do is make a quick call to request new linens, and towels. (There is apparently a restaurant on site, but we never used it). We cooked simple meals in our kitchen, which was well equipped. There was no oven, but a bbq grill with charcoal is provided on the deck on which you can grill to your heart鈥檚 content. There are a few things that Tamarindo can easily upgrade that would improve the experience -- they could provide better bed sheets and linens, and use real and not tacky plastic flower arrangements. To us, these were minor issues given the lovely surroundings and views and pretty comfortable accommodations. (Another plus is that Tamarindo, because it is off the main road and not in town) seems to lack those famous roosters that people have complained about keeping them awake. However if you stay in town (see our review of Casita Linda, which we do not recommend, particularly for people in our 30-40 year old demographic) the roosters will keep you awake most of the night. A note on getting around the island -- unless you are an olympic cycler, you will need a car to get around. We had a good experience with Carlos Jeep Rentals.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beachlvrr
<Content>great view, no so great a place! My 16 year old daughter and I stayed 10 days here in mid August. We loved Culebra, found it very quiet and quaint with wonderful beaches and friendly people. We found the Tamarindo Estates to be extremely overpriced - the grounds were private and needed some tending to. It had outstanding views of the water and a small but very nice and clean swimming pool. The beach area was ok for snorkeling but not a swimming beach, which was fine with me. The cottage itself was small, and NOT updated in the last 25 years I think! Fridge was Kelvinator - and partially froze some items, furniture and decorations were not updated and very cheap. Bathroom was clean but again very old and the bedroom had a wondow unit air conditioner that blew directly on the bed which was cold but hot when it was turned off.I think what bothered me the most was that there was no housekeeping service....linens not changed, garbage not removed, no fresh towels for the entire 10 days. Believe me I am not high maintenance but for over $200.00 per night this should be included and offered.I never saw the staff except when checking in and on the way to the pool - but I prefer it that way unless there is a problem. Overall we had a wonderful trip with no regrets. This place has so much potential but needs some updates and better management. For a MUCH lower price I would consider staying there again. We will definitely visit Culebra in the future but I think I will rent a villa instead of paying very high prices for a hotel with none of the amenities one would normally expect.Please don't read this and think I am disgruntled because it was an awesome vacation. I am actually very easy to please- and again I have no regrets.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>EricTraveling
<Content>Stay Away From this Place--Unless They Cut the Price in Half Positives: Extraordinary view, of the open water, bay and beauty of Culebra, which is a tranquil little island about one hour by ferry from the east coast of Puerto Rico or 25 minutes by small plane, from San Juan. Also a peaceful spot. Very few people. Little noise.Negatives: This place is an insult. A rip off. A real bit of explotation. The problem is not with the natural setting. As I said above, it is beautiful. But for 200 a nite, you get a bed that is wrapped in plastic and that sags so much I got up and slept on the floor, the pillows also had some weird plastic wrap on them. The shower was like a spitting bit of rotting luke warm water. The bed room itself, had almost no windows, felt like you were in a hospital room. The living room, despite its position facing this extraordinary scene, had windows that you could not really open, the site itself is next door to a landfill. The management or staff---what managemnet or staff. You arrive. You pay in advance. That is the last you see of them. No restaurant. Not even a place to get coffee. No room cleaning service. They did not even offer to open the gate so the cab could bring our bags to the room. Or, of course, help carry our bags up the hill to our room. Sign the advance payment of your credit card and you no longer exist. Unless you check out more than 20 minutes late. As you will be automatically charged for another day. This place should shut down, get a new owner and try again. Better for now to stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WorldTraveller65
<Content>The view is magnificent! Tamarindo Estates consists of small cottages with amenities that include a small kitchen and sitting area. Since it is located on a 60 acre estate right next to the ocean, it makes for a fantastic view from the front porch. The website was deceiving though, because we expected the cottages to be right on the beach when in actuality they are located up a hill a few hundred yards from the beach with access only from the road. We were there during the week, and there did not seem to be any other guests, so it was very quiet. But I think that if the cottages were full, it would not be quiet at all because the cottages are located so close together. I was not too impressed with the rooms. There is an old window a/c unit in the bedroom that blew directly on the bed, so when it was on, it was freezing, but when it cut off, it got hot. The bedroom is in the back of the cottage, so opening the windows would have been warm. We were given 4 towels to start, and it seemed to be a problem to request clean ones when we had used the other ones at the beach. The beach at Tamarindo is reportedly best for snorkeling, certainly not a good beach for swimming or lounging. Flamenco beach (one of the world's top beaches) is located only 5 minutes down the road, so it is best to do your swimming there. Overall, if a view is all that matters to you, then Tamarindo Estates is the place to stay, but since the cost is more than other places in Culebra, I would have expected more from the accommodations. Nevertheless, Culebra is incredible and when you are there, all of the other stuff fades away.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>tranquillity and snorkelling Culebra is wonderful - there's absolutely nothing to do. Take a snorkel and lots of books to read. Tamarindo Estates is not cheap but it was perfect for us. Lovely view, well-equipped cottage (we didn't want to have to eat out). Every beach we went to we had entirely to ourselves (except Flamenco). We had the hotel pool to ourselves - where in the Caribbean could you expect that! Found lots of good snorkelling and came home completely relaxed. Lots of useful information on arrival from the manager, and then we were left to ourselves. Perfect. Don't go if you want someone else to entertain you. Do go if you want the Caribbean without the people.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jujane
<Content>it wasn't great We went the first week of May of 2005. The caretakers were very friendly and helpful but the accomodations left much to be desired. The suite was stifling hot except for the bedroom so the only place to comfortably hang out was the bedroom. The furnishings were very drab and old-foam slivers for pillows, worn down towels, old sheets; it was my impression that not a dime of the profit went back into the the establishment. The beachchairs were old and, for the most part, broken and stained. All in all I found it to be a depressing place. Because Culebra is so small there's not alot to do at night except hang out in your room. Perhaps if the charge was far less I wouldn't have had reasonably high expectations. I wasn't looking for luxury but neither was I expecting drab and depressing.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxurious by Culebra Standards We spent 3 nights at Tamarindo Estates. The property is located on the west end of the island just a 3 minute drive from Flamenco Beach and a five minute drive from town. The road to Tamarindo is probably the best pavement on the island. The property is a collection of condos on a hillside. Each building houses 3 livings spaces. The structures are separated by trees and shrubs to insure privacy. We stayed in the middle section of the the condo on the far end of the property #302. Our quarters featured a small kitchen with stove-top, microwave, and refrigerator. The coffee maker was an Italian style coffeemaker which made excellent coffee once you figured out how it works. The bath and bedroom are air conditioned while the kitchen and living area are not. The west facing property does not get the breezes that the east facing properties do so the AC comes in handy. The bed was a double bed that seemed a bit cramped. The water heater was an in-line model that you had to flip on a few minutes before getting in the shower. It was effective though.Tamarindo has it's own rocky beach which features some decent snorkeling if you're willing to swim out a bit. I saw a barracuda, a large stingray, and the largest puffer fish I've ever seen. There are also some beautiful sponges and a forest of sea fans nearby. Watch out for the sea urchins though. A stick would be painful. Just down the road is a narrow sandy beach where you can rent kayaks. They also have a beach side pool and a restaurant. While we were there, Chef Rikki had just left to take a job at another property so the restaurant was not up and going at the time. They plan on hiring 2 chefs in the near future.What you lack in sea breezes is made up for in view. Directly in front is a gorgeous vista of Cayo Louis Pena. The sunset views are also spectacular and not to be missed. At night you can see the city lights of Fajardo to the west and Vieques to the south. We enjoyed sitting out at night and counting the stars. Make sure you bring your insect repellent though. The mosquitoes are voracious. The Off seems to keep them at bay though. Also sweep up any dropped crumbs. They attract ants rather quickly.Tamarindo also has a great supply of books and over 150 videos which you'll make use of. There's not much to do on Culebra besides relax and read a book. The television coverage is poor so if you want entertainment you'll have to grab a book or video. The only television channel we could get was an all sports channel out of Fajardo. I was a bit surprised that they didn't have satellite TV but we are here to get away from it all right? Everything is located at the caretakers residence at the middle of the grounds. You can also exchange your towels for fresh ones if you like.The staff at Tamarindo was also very helpful. While you don't get daily maid service, they are willing to help you with just about anything else you might need. You get a fresh supply of water in your refrigerator when you arrive. You can purchase more at the ample grocery store in town. We just boiled water at the end of each day and refilled the container. They don't recommend drinking the tap water. It tasted fine to me though. Nevertheless, we boiled our water just to be safe. People who stayed at other properties mentioned to us that they were prohibited from flushing toilet paper in the toilets. We were never told anything about this at Tamarindo. I'm not sure if this was a failure on the part of the staff or just a limitation at other properties.Overall, Tamarindo was a great place to stay. It's a bit rustic but it has a charm that's all it's own. Don't come with expectations of a beach side resort and you'll be pleasantly surprised. It's definatly an upscale property by Culebra's standards.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BobY1
<Content>For the most part,wonderful! We enjoyed Culebra and Tamarindo Estates.Very secluded and private.The main road to the hotel is now paved with easy access and lovely beaches.The snorkeling is nice,but not spectacular.The rooms are comfortable,but in the warmers months,not quite practical.We would have loved to have cooked in the kitchen,but only the bedrooms have A/C and are the only respite from the heat of the day.A/C to all areas of the units would be much nicer in addition to providing satellite TV to the living area to utilise that area better.The good news is there was a nice porch on our unit,(upstairs,overlooking the bay.Theres so much to see that the bad parts were small disapointments overall.In the cooler months,I would stay there again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>chiroguy
<Content>Great This is a simple, nice place to stay on Culebra with the best snorkeling right off the coral beach. It is not the Ritz but if you are looking for luxury you are on the wrong island. Very helpful caretakers. Dont rent the cars as they are hazardous....go to Carlos Jeeps instead. Riccis was pretty good with nice sunset. The pool is very secluded and quiet as is the entire property. Five minutes from Flamenco beach and two miles from the airport. I would go back and stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic I recommend this establishment to anyone that is looking to spend some time in paradise. We spent several days on the island of Culebra, and Tamarindo Estates is a near perfect place to stay if you are looking to unwind. The access roads have all been paved, so getting to the cabins is not at all a problem (some reviews mentioned that it was hard to get to from the road). They are only a minute or two from the main road, which also gives you access to the other beaches, restaurants and other needs that you may have. You get your own very clean and cozy living space with a spectacular view of the islands off of the mainland of Puerto Rico. There is also a nice little restaurant on the grounds, which is literally feet from the water. Bring a waterproof camera and gear from some great snorkeling right in that water. The staff is VERY friendly and helpful. They know quite a bit about the island as well, so take their advice about what to do and where to go. The people of Culebra are also very friendly. You will always be in good hands.If you want a getaway that is unforgettable, go to the great little island of Culebra, and stay at the Tamarindo Estates!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tamarindo Estates: Not bad, but get your car elsewhere The Tamarindo Estates is a nice property, but overpriced for what it offers. The rental cars that are optional with a room reservation are in poor condition at best (old, beat up, no AC) and, given the even worse condition of the road to get to the hotel, I would recommend renting from Carlos Jeep Rental or other (newer vehicles, AC, automatic transmission). The room would be well priced about $20-40 less per night, and the property would receive 4/5.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful place to stay on Culebra What a great place to stay on Culebra. The location is perfect, close to Flamenco Beach and town, yet very private and secluded. The cottages are nice and clean and include a kitchen, air conditioning and a VCR. The views of the water and nightly sunsets from the porch are excellent. There are caretakers who stay nearby and are friendly and helpful and have a supply of videotapes, books and condiments for your use. To top it off some of the best snorkeling on the island is right off Tamarindo's beach. I highly recommend this miniresort to everyone looking for a quiet, restful spot from which to enjoy the lovely island of Culebra.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elisar
<Content>Fabulous Stay We just got back from a week at Tamarindo Estates and had one of the best vacations ever! The villa was spotless, the staff helpful, friendly and charming, the jeep was perfect for our needs and the island of Culebra was alittle bit of heaven. We had a great time snorkeling, sunning, reading, hiking. The residents of the island were friendly and courteous. It was fabulous!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great view; a little rustic Culebra island, its beaches and snorkeling are as good as it gets. As you might expect, however, its infrastructure is minimalist. Bring as mcuh as you can (food, toiletries etc.)Tamarindo estates was ok.The best part of the TE was the view and a nearby restaurant (Ricki's).The unbelieveably bad part was the road entering the property. It is so destroyed or undeveloped that local taxi refuse to enter. If you like extreme dune buggy rides or mountain biking you'll love this road (unpassable unless you have a jeep). The staff was friendly. Videos and books are available. Brink plenty of mosquito repellant.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

