<Author>Bagpuddycat
<Content>Great place to stay after an evening at the O2 We stayed at the Hilton Canary Wharf after going to a gig at the O2 arena, to save a long schlep home afterwards. It couldn't have been better for the purpose. A single stop on the tube from North Greenwich to Canary Wharf, and then a short walk to the hotel (don't try to walk round by the road - turn left from Canary Wharf tube station, then walk ahead and straight through the foyer of the building now in front of you. Then over the footbridge, turn left, and you'll soon see the hotel entrance, off to your right)I'm pretty sure we were upgraded to a higher standard of room than we booked, as we appeared to have been given a deluxe room, when I only booked a standard double. I got a good rate, by paying in advance at time of booking, so this was an added bonus.Staff were helpful, appeared genuinely friendly and enthusiastic. The room was spacious and new-looking, with a very comfortable bed. The en-suite was spotless and the shower good.Breakfast, in particular, was excellent. A vast array of food on the buffet, with a good choice of both hot and cold items and plenty of extra little bits like seeds to sprinkle in your muesli, a bowl of yoghurt with the fruit, etc.All in all, we had an excellent night's stay and I would wholeheartedly recommend this place to anyone else looking for somewhere to stay close to the O2.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Hornseapotter
<Content>Give it a try.You will not be disappointed. The closeness to the O2 Arena was the main criteria for choosing the Hilton Canary Wharf as the base for our weekend visit to London but it ticked all the boxes for us. It is a short walk to the modern Underground Station through a shopping mall containing top end retail outlets. Central London is only 10 to 15 minutes away.Our room which was an Executive Double was large by British standards with bath,shower,flat screen T.V.and a big,very comfortable bed.We dined in the the hotel and the experience was extremely positive with good food and wine .All members of staff were smart,welcoming and efficient and a credit to the Hilton Group.Try this hotel.You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>microbailey
<Content>Very comfortable, well situated hotel We (a couple) just stayed at this hotel for 3 nights holiday, and found it very comfortable. We had booked a standard Guest room, but on arrival got upgraded to an Executive room on the 13th floor. The room was immaculately clean and very spacious, having views over the Isle of Dogs towards the Thames. The huge bed was very comfortable, and the bathroom one of the largest I have seen in a hotel room.Each evening we came back to find the room cleaned, made up, with little touches like soft lights on, background music playing, and chocolates left. We had breakfast included in our room deal, and the choice covered just about anything you could want 鈥?2 self-service buffets of either cooked English style (bacon, sausages, eggs, mushrooms 鈥? or Continental style (cold meats, fruit salads, croissants, cheeses鈥?. There was also a good choice of cereals and breads. The bar is average price for a city hotel and had a good choice of cocktails and snacks. We didn鈥檛 use the restaurant (some nearby places were cheaper) but the menu looked good. The bar area is open plan and minimalist, with big comfy sofas 鈥?very pleasant.As for location, this hotel is not in the centre of London, but out to the east in the modern financial district. It is a few mins walk from the tube station (Jubilee line 鈥?takes about 15 mins to South Bank), and about 15 mins walk from the river taxi (which is an excellent method for getting to London Embankment or across to Greenwich). There is a seemingly endless amount of shops, fast food outlets, and cafes in the nearby (underground) shopping mall, where weekdays you can mix with London鈥檚 financial whizz kids from the Canary Wharf buildings. Not to be overlooked for eating out is the small array of restaurants along the water鈥檚 edge at Westferry Circus (where the river taxi stop is) 鈥?especially nice at night when you can see the lights of the City buildings reflected in the water. The whole area feels incredibly safe at night as it is quiet and constantly patrolled by private security staff.If there is anything negative to say about the hotel it is that it is located right beside the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) station (South Quay) 鈥?a real boon when you don鈥檛 want to walk anywhere, but slightly annoying for noise when the trains start up in the early morning 鈥?I imagine this could be more of a problem if your room is on a low floor facing the elevated line, but for us it wasn鈥檛 really noticeable.Staff couldn鈥檛 be more helpful, right from the check-in desk to the room cleaners. Whenever we encountered a member of staff they smiled and offered to provide assistance (in contrast to some hotels I鈥檝e stayed in for business).I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to visit London in comfort, but also wanting to be slightly out of the city (for noise and safety).  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Boynts
<Content>Superb Hotel, Location  We stayed in an Executive room (1201) which had lovely views of the Thames  some of London's famous buildings including Tower Bridge  the London Eye. The room itself was very spacious  very quiet  the large bed extremely comfortable.We had access to the Executive lounge which allowed us complimentary drink  food including tea, coffee, cakes, alcohol  hot  cold nibbles.The hotel is only a 5 minute walk from the tube stations of Canary Wharf (Jubilee Line  DLR)  a 20 minute trip into central London. We actually travelled into central London along the Thames via the clipper which cost 拢10 for the 2 of us  is located about 10 minutes walk from the hotel  drops you off at the Embankment  close to all of the tourist attractions.As part of our package we had dinner included on the first night  had plenty of choice from the A La Carte menu. The food was of restaurant standard  as it was our 20th wedding anniversary the hotel included a complimentary bottle of wine with the meal(just as well as the cheapest bottle is about 拢25 normally).The staff were very efficient  we were made to feel most welcome  the management team made sure that we were particularly well looked after.We would certainly return to this hotel on our next visit to London.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>willip
<Content>Excellent Hotel made all the better by the staff Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. As a diamond Hhonors member, was upgraded to the Executive Floor. Asked if I could upgrade further to a Junior Suite and was offered this for a further 拢20 + tax per night. However, as the room was not ready when we checked in at 4pm, they offered to waive this charge for the full 4 nights without even being asked!The Junior Suite is very spacious, has a seperate bath and shower and complimentary mineral water refreshed daily. The Executive Lounge was superb with a full free bar open from 6pm to 10pm daily. The breakfast is also very good with a selection of hot and cold dishes.The thing that stands out about the hotel is the staff. They addressed me by name and there were always smiles and offers of help. I will not hesitate in returning to this hotel in the future.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RashidAgadir_Morocco
<Content>Absolutely the most ideal location in Canary wharf Stayed at the Hilton for one night. Upon check-in was instantly upgraded to exec room, thanks Hilton Honors Gold Card! Room was extremely well presented and furnised with wonderful views from 14th floor. Free water and chocolates were a nice touch. Bathroom very spacious with shower cubicle and bath. Fresh oriental lillies were a nice touch! The exe lounge was nothing special but had nice views and extremely good service. Breakfast was rather basic probably better to take in the main restaurant. The hotel is within walking distance to the malls of Canary Wharf 5 mins walk over the footbridge. Definately staying here again!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>vaneegh
<Content>Great hotel, very friendly and attentive staff This Hilton hotel has great rooms, very clean and spacious. The staff is very friendly and makes you feel very welcome. The breakfast is one of the best I ever got, a very large buffet and a cook who is willing to make whatever you want. The only disadvantage of this hotel is its location: if you need to be at the Docklands for business it is great. If you are visiting as a tourist consider taking another hotel because this area is very quiet at night. (however, with the Jubilee line you are in 20 min at Covent Garden)  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bob1949
<Content>Still a good bet! We enjoyed a good week-end at the Hilton London Canary Wharf and it is still a good bet! The rooms are spacious and modern, the Executive Lounge is good with free internet, free drinks and canapes in the evening and there is a modern feel throughout with a good bar area which serves appetising food. It is a little way out from the centre but nothing that should put you off. The staff are unfailingly pleasant and overall, this is great value for London and I am looking forward to returning in November for a week-end stay. It is easier to use the Jubilee Line into London than the DLR trains and a day travel pass gets you everywhere. Overall, a great hotel that is consistently praised by Tripadvisor posters, justifiably so.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BA-traveler
<Content>A fantastic Hilton, to be highly recommended! This hotel immediately responded very forthcoming and assist full (thanks Stephanie!) to my e-mail with questions about a rate, so I knew from the beginning this would be a hotel with the true Hilton spirit of guest friendliness. And it was even better than my expectations; we had a true fantastic weekend break in this Hilton Canary Wharf. From Heathrow airport we took the metro, first the Picadilly line and on Green Bank we switched to the Jubilee line. It takes in all about one hour and 15-20 minutes and it goes not totally underground. On the Canary Wharf station go up with the high elevators, outside turn left, walk trough the glass (Jubilee) building, pass a pedestrian bridge and you will see the Hilton slightly on your left. It is just a 5-minute walk.Inside everything is very modern and there were many people lounging in the Cinnamon Bar and Caf茅 on this late Friday afternoon, giving it all a relaxing atmosphere. We were directed to the 14th floor with the executive lounge for my Diamond Hilton status. We received a warm welcome and check-in went smooth. Before we went to our room we had an excellent cup of coffee together with some snacks. Every afternoon they serve cakes, pastries and sandwiches and it all looked and tasted very good.Our room was very comfortable, with a high quality King bed, an easy chair with ottoman and a working desk with chair. There was plenty of wardrobe space, coffee/tea facilities and two complimentary bottles of water. With check-in we were asked which newspaper we would prefer and to our surprise we already found an issue in our room. (These are the small details that make this hotel more than excellent.) The bathroom was spacious and clean with separate bath and shower.We went back to the executive lounge for the happy hour (from 6:00 till 8:00 p.m.), with all kinds of alcoholic drinks for free. The quality of the food presented with it was surprisingly good, with a variety of cold and hot items. There were even healthy snacks, grilled vegetables on a stick. In the lounge are two computers available for free Internet.We had an arrangement with breakfast and dinner. For the dinner they offer a 3-course meal and we could make a choice of about six for each course. The food was absolutely delicious and also service here was great. On both evenings Geerjanneke from the Netherlands and Hoon from South Korea served us, two enthusiastic young persons with the proper skills and dignity. There is a good wine selection, the first evening we had a bottle or red wine, the second we made our choice by the glass. It was expensive, but not extremely and the quality was very good. Only the tables are rather small in the restaurant. On return we found our bed prepared, two bathrobes and slippers and some chocolates. Breakfast was outstanding as well; we had it in the Cinnamon restaurant with our arrangement. What we saw in the executive lounge was also good.Going to Greenwich with the Maritime Museum and Royal Observatory is very easy; the station for the DLR (sort of light rail) is next to the hotel. Also going to the center of London is no problem, with the Jubilee line it is only about 12 minutes to Westminster station (Big Ben, Changing of the Horse Guards etc.). As I mentioned before we had a superb weekend and would choose this hotel whenever we would be in London again. Also rates are very reasonable during weekends, the DBB rate is very attractive.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Naniwa
<Content>Excellent - surprisingly spacious Stayed here for a meeting and was pleasantly surprised. Although right outside the steps for the South Quay DLR station, I didn't use this as it's only about five minute's walk to the Jubilee line station at Canary Wharf.The staff were friendly and very attentive, the food excellent. What did surprise me was the size of the rooms. I had a 'standard' room, but compared to other London rooms it was massive, well appointed and comfortable.Good business facilities, and would definitely stay here again and recommend colleagues to do so. Being one stop from North Greenwich for the O2, it would be a good place to stay for people attending a concert or something.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Xena444
<Content>Consistently great Professional check -in. Very efficient and polite staff. Had stayed here alone on a business trip a few months previously, so this time brought my spouse for a combination business and leisure trip, and I had built his hopes up in a big way about the breakfast. We were not disappointed- first class selection, quality and freshness along with a pot of fresh coffee replaced every time you need it. Rooms- great. A/C great. Am planning a return again soon. Canary wharf is a great base for sight-seeing in London.Only cons- gym small.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Lichfield49
<Content>Fantastic hotel Just arrived back from a weekend stay at this hotel - it is super. Very nice rooms, breakfast excellent, very friendly staff and most of all very clean. I would stay here again when I have another weekend in London. Excellent value for money.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>wizla
<Content>faultless! i stay at this hotel on a regular basis and its never let me down, nothing is to much trouble , most of the the time ive stayed at weekends where if you book online 7 days prior you can get a room for around 拢100....... bargan!, secure parking ( 拢15) exellent sauna and steam room and a good sized gym.the concierge ( in our case a chap called ben) bent over backwards to help with anything we wanted, a real first class service!, cannot recomend this place enough!.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Alfie1920
<Content>Lovely modern Hilton Hotel       Hotel bedroom  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>e16guy
<Content>Another fantastic stay at the Hilton Canary Wharf I have just got back from my second stay at the Hilton Canary Wharf, and have to agree with most of the other reviews here that it is a superb hotel. The rooms are large and comfortable, and a nice touch is that bottled water is waiting in the room when you arrive, and replenished on our second day. The price of the bottled water in the hotel has been commented on elsewhere, but if you ask the restaurant staff for tap water they will happily oblige. We loved the buffet dinner which was included as part of our room deal for the first night - possibly the best buffet I've ever seen with a wonderful selection of starters, main courses and desserts. Having just returned from a holiday in the States where healthy eating was not high on the agenda, it was great to be able to help myself to a variety of fresh vegetables and fruit. It was also nice to help myself to two desserts! The service at the restaurant was good. We were so impressed with the dinner buffet, we opted to dine in the hotel again on our second night.The breakfasts have been commented on in other reviews, and I have to agree they are great. A great selection of cereals, full cooked breakfast and a large choice of fruit and continental-style breakfasts, and loads of cakes and pastries. Absolutely fantastic. We had a couple of problems during our stay, but these were dealt with in such a professional and courteous manner, it would be harsh to even mention them. A few of the other reviews have raised points I'd like to cover... The hotel, in my opinion, is not difficult to find. It is right next to South Quay DLR station, and just a short stroll from Canary Wharf tube station. I didn't have my stopwatch with me, but I find it hard to believe it was even a 5-minute walk, it is literally just round over a footbridge and then through a building's foyer. There is certainly no need to get a taxi from the hotel to the station, as one reviewer said! The restaurant is not like a caf茅. I found it to be a stylish place to eat, wih fantastic food and excellent staff.There is a safe in the bedroom, and whenever I was around the hotel entrance there were at least two members of staff on duty, so I don't know why security should be an issue. The only time we were aware of the DLR noise was when drinking in the bar on the ground floor. We didn't hear anything from our bedroom, and weren't even aware of it in the restaurant although I guess you probably can hear it from there if you listen out for it. I find it quite funny that two constant themes seem to crop up in reviews for this hotel - firstly, that it is not conveniently located and is a walk to the Jubilee line station, and then secondly that it is too noisy because it is situated next to a DLR station. I used to live in the docklands area, and loved using the DLR. Jubilee line might be quicker, but the DLR is so much nicer as the trains run mostly above ground. Just check for any engineering work when travelling at weekends.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OTLR
<Content>Very disappointed My husband and I stayed at this hotel last weekend mainly to attended a concert at the O2 arena. Hotel was extremely difficult find - not signposted at all and to complicate matters further the hotel appears to be in the middle of a building site! However, Check-in was friendly  efficient.Rooms clean.Restaurant appears to more like a cafe - Food average. Staff friendly but in my opinion appear to be a little clueless.One word of advice, please ensure you take your valuables with you when you go out , as they will probably have disappeared on your return, hence we will never stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>DerbyDave
<Content>Brilliant Stayed in a family room here in June with a 3 month old baby. Best hotel stay in the UK ever - nothing too much trouble and staff attitude fantastic. Some public areas of hotel are a bit jaded but are in the process of being renovated. Even room service was good! Definitely recommended and because of it's location mainly for business travellers so the family rooms are ace! Get one overlooking the thames if you can....  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SharonSteven
<Content>Great Place for O2 visitors Fantastic Hotel Easy Access to the DLR and Tube servicesStaff were very freindly and professional and this was our second stay. We will definitly stay again. If your going to any shows etc at the O2 this is the place to stay Fantastic Steve  Sharon  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jniv170
<Content>Great for the O2 Arena. We stayed for one night as a stopover for the UFC 85 at the O2 Arena. The first thing we done was register for the car park, for 拢15.00 the concierge told us we could come and go as we liked for 24 hours. For us this was a godsend, the security, piece of mind and flexibilty this afforded us was worth 拢15.00 without any doubt. The checkin was effortless and the reception staff were polite and professional. The room on the 9th floor was very modern,spacious and clean. We did not experience any noise issues from the nearby DLR, this may have been down to the fact that our room was on the opposite side of the hotel, probably a worthwhile request as when we were walking through the hotel we did hear the trains passing. A good nights sleep was had in a comfortable bed and breakfast/checkout was spot on. In summary, we will be back for the next UFC and wouldnt change a thing. Thanks Hilton.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IrishDave2005
<Content>Fantastic Hotel and Service. I have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Hilton. My reason for styaing here was were were attending an event in the O2 (UFC). The Hotel is within 5 mins walk from Canary Whar Station.It is a little tricky to find, just ask someone like we did and once you find it your sorted for the rest of your stay.The Hotel itself is beautiful inside, very modern and clean and the staff are very friendly. We had a twin room on the 7th floor which was very nice, the beds very comfortable.My only gripe with my stay is that I am a Hilton Honours Member and on booking I was told we may have an upgrade but would definitely have access to the exec lounge. When we got there this was not case, we were refused the Exec lounge.Overall, I would definitely stay here again!!!!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kat225
<Content>Great hotel Booked direct with hilton and found a fantastic rate which included dinner and breakfast for 拢95 each night for the room ( 2 people )Having stayed in 2 other Hiltons and various other London hotels this was the best by far. Spotless, great decor, fantastic food ( service at dinner was a little slow )The location we found to be fine ok its not centeral London but a few stops on the tube and your in the centre. We went to Grenwich for the day and tourist sights for the second day.No problems with this hotel and we WILL be staying for another weekend in the summer ( if we can get booked )  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>rebsed
<Content>Another excellent stay..... My husband and I stayed here for two nights at the end of May 2008. We got a fantastic deal from the Hilton website for dinner, bed and breakfast for two nights. As we fly in from abroad to London City Airport, this hotel is excellently positioned for us. We also find it easy to get into the city centre from Canary Wharf and indeed timed a tube journey to Covent Garden as being 20mins door to door.The dinner that we had included in our package was amazing quality and value. We had expected a buffet dinner whereas we actuallly received a three course a la carte menu. I would eat in the restaurant at my own expenses after the positive experience.Every member of staff that we encountered was helpful and friendly - breakfast was well organised, the business centre was great, reception was efficient.The rooms at this hotel are particularly big by London standards and, for the price, very good value.Overall, I think that this is a perfect hotel for a London weekend.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jjjbbb
<Content>Perfectly Acceptable for Business in Canary Wharf I've stayed here twice for work March 2007  Feb 2008. My experience was identical both times. Hotel is fine - I find the bed  room to be very comfortable and a decent size, but I can't say the same about the bathroom which is very small and has poor water pressure. Both times I started the week with breakfast in the hotel - and after seeing what it costs, I decided to pick up breakfast in one of the shops in the underground shopping center that runs under the office buildings. I do have to say that the hotel was extremely generous with an ultra-late check out (5pm-ish) for a very minimal charge. This made a huge difference as it allowed me to relax, workout, shower, etc. in the comfort of my private room before departing on the very long haul back to Australia (and work would not have paid for an additional night for this purpose). I would request this hotel again for this reason if I went back to Canary Wharf for work and this is the reason why I'm giving it an above average. Note to London tourists - Canary Wharf is not where you want to be. It is a long tube ride to most of the places you want to visit and it is very dull at night unless you like dining at restaurants that cater to a business crowd.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	2	5	3	

<Author>Uncleinan
<Content>Best Hilton I have stayed in! I have stayed in many different Hiltons over the years but this was without doubt the best I have stayed in. I have stayed in Hiltons with 5 star and 4 star plus ratings but Canary Wharf was better than any of them.We only had a standard room but it was large, modern and clean. Breakfast was excellent with a wider range of fruit, pastries, and hot options than any other Hilton I have come across. There were always plenty of staff on hand in the bar, restaurant, and reception.The location of the hotel was fine. If you want to get into the centre of London then take a 5 minute walk into Reuters Plaza and pick up the Jubilee Line there. It is quicker than using the DLR.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>weehet
<Content>Thank you Booked this hotel for its proximity to the start of the London marathon the night before the race. On arrival we were unexpectedly upgraded, at no extra cost, to an executive suite and directed to the executive check-in on the 14th floor, where we were greeted with extreme courtesy and complimentary drinks. Everything was wonderful, beyond expectations. Staff were helpful, polite and friendly; accomodation luxurious. Food was perfect, particularly the breakfast which was served early and had been thoughtfully prepared with the requirements of marathon runners in mind. Can't recommend this hotel too highly - pity about the building site all around, but that's not their fault and presumably won't go on for ever ...  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>arransue
<Content>Excellent, can't wait to go back! As a birthday treat I booked an all in deal with VIP tickets to the Tutankamun exhibition at the o2. The hotel room was so lovely that we were tempted not to go to the exhibition but glad that we did. The o2 was so easy to get to from the hotel, just one stop. The staff were fantastic, the concierge were incredibly helpful when we wanted information on where to buy sandwiches from locally, they gave accurate information with no pressure to use the hotel restaurant. The carpark was a great bonus particularly in this part of London, we were happy to pay for the security and convenience. Breakfast was brilliant and when we asked for more coffee at 11am when service was due to finish there was no hint of rushing us out. A slight inconvenience was the roadworks directly outside the hotel that meant we were unable to drive directly to the hotel. All in all a great experience and I can't wait to return to the Hilton.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mm123
<Content>Fabulous Hotel We booked our stay through the Hilton website and got a very good deal for bed and breakfast. from the minute we stepped through the door, the staff could not have been more pleasant and helpful. As Diamond Hilton Honours, we were upgraded to the executive floor and were given a beautiful spacious room. The beds were very comfortable. The room was immaculate. The separate shower in the bathroom is great.We arrived at 9.30 am and were able to check in which was great as we were only there for the week-end.The executive lounge is very good and had a very nice breakfast selection. There was a wider selection in the restaurant. Canapes and drinks are available in the lounge from 6-9pm and there is a good selection of drinks.The hotel is a bit further out but the DLR is next to the hotel and the tube station is about 5 mins walk.We had a great stay and would have no hestation in returning.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nightingale0
<Content>So Happy with the Hilton What a pleasant surprise to find that such a capacious and immaculate room had been reserved for us as part of our weekend deal. The room was non smoking and high up, as requested - and had every convenience that you could possibly want - including bathroom scales, which - incidentally I did not dare try - after a week-end of breakfasts which were so delicious and included hot and cold choices and everything from fresh raspberries to cashew nuts.The Friday evening buffet style dinner also came as part of an excellent value - pay in advance package - with a great variety of starters mains and puds. As usual the bottled water was way over priced,but as the rest of the food and service was so good this seems a minor moan to be expected in all city hotels unfortunately. A previous reviewer is right in that the area all around Canary Wharf is a building site at the moment -but the rooms are so comfortable to sleep in with good size TV and generous beverage tray - and most people who visit London do not stay around the hotel all day looking out of the window. The DLR station is right opposite the hotel and all the lines were working fine when we were visiting. You can be in the greenery at Greenwich within a few stops or to the Tower of London in 10 to 15 minutes - just be careful which train you get on - the instructions are a little confusing but this is not the fault of the Hilton.  The station is not manned so an oyster card would save a lot of confusion with tickets if you are there for a few days.The Hilton staff are young, smiling and efficient. However, I will be contacting the hotel to suggest that they add more local maps and knowledge to their information base - nobody could give us information as to where our friends holiday townhouse was - just two or three blocks away -and we had to go ask a local estate agent!These are just small niggles which did not spoil our stay - the towels and bathrobes were replaced each day - I dropped the shower head - the taxi we ordered arrived in 3 minutes flat - a brand new estate .Just a note if you are driving to the hotel - they have garaging but due to the one ways and constuction work around there seems absolutely no parking elsewhere and and our cab from Kings Cross could not find it - so you will need good directions too. All in all a really good hotel - better than some 5* and most importantly one that makes you feel that they are really pleased to have you there. Well done Happy Hilton.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>missukManc
<Content>excellent really nice hotel, nice roomsexcellent customer service!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mikey47
<Content>Beware the DLR!       Hilton bedroom  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mazandben
<Content>Perfect Very clean, Very friendly and helpful staff, Decent breakfast, comfy bed cant fault this hotel and I am quite picky  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>CJN1946
<Content>Brilliant Great hotel lovely rooms, king size bed, polite helpfull staff. We found a good deal by booking in advance and although the Hilton is not in the centre of London it is within a few minutes using the Jubilee Line (forget the DLR which at weekends is undergoing perpetual maintenance work ). There are some good restaurants nearby; the hotel restaurant was popular but a little beyond our budget. The hotel is also in easy reach of the O2 dome and Greenwich with its Maritime Museum.I would definitely use this hotel again, if you can get a good advance deal the rates are similiar to some much lower quality hotels in the centre of London.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>SusieQNottinghamUK
<Content>Internal treasure, external nightmare. I can't fault the hotel once you're actually IN IT.My problem is with the photograph they used to advertise it, because what you really have at the moment is half a building site next to it, with my view being a wall of tatty plastic sheets blowing in the wind.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>regtrav_8
<Content>Excellent THE HILTON CANARY WHARF is a brilliant hotel in every respect .The bedrooms are clean comfortable and spacious. Breakfast was great with a massive variety of food.The staff were superb ,nothing was too much trouble especially the two concierges.Our weekend was faultless, this is definitely the best hotel we have stayed in. This hotel is easy to access and in very nice surroundings which is another bonus.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>juniorbeaner
<Content>beautiful hotel       sink and toilet  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pdx42
<Content>Smart Stay at the Hilton I stayed here one night and can't complain. I flew in from Zurich and was leaving for Washington the next morning. My incoming flight landed at London City Airport which is very convenient to the Hilton; just take the DLR from LCY and it drops you in front of the hotel; after making a change of trains. The front desk staff was warm and welcoming and noting the elevated tracks of the DLR are just feet from the hotel, I specifically asked for a room that was on the other side of the hotel so I wouldn't hear the platform/train noise. They were happy to give me a quiet room on a high floor - and it was quiet. The rooms are smartly decorated though the reading chair in the room is more for the eye and less for the back. I didn't stay in the hotel much - just to sleep - but after a relatively horrible experience at the President Hotel a few nights earlier, it was great to be in a four star hotel. The bed was quite comfortable; the television - plasma - worked fine and as I mentioned, the staff was friendly, outgoing and attentive. The hotel is one stop from Canary Wharf on the DLR or you can walk there in about seven minutes. The downside of staying so far east in London is if you have to make a connection out of Heathrow you've really got quite a slog. I left my hotel at 8 and didn't get to the check-in at Terminal 3 until 10:30am. I took the DLR and two tube lines. It was a bit of a hair-raising experience and I should have left at 7am.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Bigtravel
<Content>very good Got this rate through the hotel (I tend to find it cheaper booking online) and paid out about 拢180 for two nights two rooms including breakfast. This was another trip for me taking two teenage boys to London for the weekend. Check in was friendly, efficient and had no problems whatsoever. Our wishes when booking were hounered-interconnecting, with one twin and one double. I do tend to have some trouble usually with hotels on this request so it was nice to not even have to ask. The rooms themselves were large very clean and modern, although better suited to business travelers which is expected with the area and had absolutely no complaints on this front; and with very nice views and clear mornings to wake up to was a bonus. The service itself could not be faulted, all the staff were friendly and met any requests with courtesy and efficiency.Breakfast is brilliant, filling us all up till late afternoon, which is another bonus when you have fussy kids with you. The only thing I had qualms about, which was not the hotels fault in any way was that to get into the more central part of London, your only option is the dlr and the underground, which is not always convenient to travelling around. All in all I would probably stay here on my own, as there is not much to do for younger ones in the area, but this is Hilton hotel as it should be.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	2	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ajenk
<Content>Simply Excellent! Bedroom - Spacious, clean, modern and comfortable.Dinner - Well presented, tasty and quickly served.Breakfast - SuperbStaff - FaultlessBest stay I've had in a hotel for years!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>andreasmyth78
<Content>Great Hotel I booked the Hilton hotel after reading several reviews on Trip Advisor and I have to say it did not disappoint. Myself, my sister and my niece were going to the Spice Girls concert so were looking for a hotel that was convienient to the O2 arena. The arena is only one stop away from Canary Wharf and the train station is less than a 5 minute walk from the hotel. There are also a large number of underground shops and restaurants which was also very handy during our visit. We had an early flight on the saturday and the very helpful check in staff had our rooms ready when we arrived at 10.30am which was great after our early morning start from Dublin. I would have absolutely no hesitation in recommending the hotel, the rooms were beautiful and modern aswell as large and comfy.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ScottNorwich
<Content>Superb.... second to none service       bathrm  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mellow_40
<Content>Depends what you are looking for? Staying at the Hilton whilst working in Canary Wharf. The room (executive) is a good size and I like that there is a seperate shower and bath in the ensuite. The bed is comfortable and the small reading lights very good. The only real down side is the general lack of light in the room. Hotels seem to be ignoring central lighting these days and just having a table and floor lamp.The big negative for the hotel is the general space, the bar is way too open and cold. Not at all inviting!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>IrishGuy1234
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       Hilton Room  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Silverbull
<Content>Simply Excellent ! On arrival greeted with a friendly smile and fast efficient check-in.Nice large room, clean and airy. Furnishings in good condition and bed very comfortable. Bathroom clean, and good quality complimentary toiletries.Breakfast, a good choice of continental and cooked breakfast plus additional choices made to order. The staff are what makes this hotel special, so often large hotel chains spend 拢'000's on the appearance and facilities only to let themselves down on staffing. The staff at the Hilton London Canary Wharf are a credit to hotels management - friendly, efficient and always on hand to help.I strongly recommend this hotel whether your stay is for business or pleasure.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AnHedgehog
<Content>Good Room We stayed two nights there. The room was very good. We first had a room with a big bed, as we requested, but with a window in front of the DLR, which was a little depressing. We asked to change an got a nicer room, but we didn't check the bed, which was two single beds put together, not very comftorable for a couple; when we saw that, it was too late to change it again. It has been the only bad point. The buffet breakfast was very good, as the dinner we had there one night.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DAHL79
<Content>Wonderful hotel! We just spent 3 nights in this wonderfull hotel with my parents inlaw, and we had the best time. We have stayed in London before, but this is absolutely the best hotel we have ever stayed at in London.The rooms were large and modern. It looked very new and clean, and the complentary water and chocolate was a big plus!The breakfeast buffet was fine and there was plenty to choose from. We chose the package that included dinner on the first night, and the 3 course menu was excellent.We stayed on the 12th floor and had access to the excutive lounge on the 14th floor, where we had breakfast on the day of arrival while waitng for our room. We also ended every evening with a night cap in the lounge area, and it was really nice and had a great view of London.We will absolutely be staying at this hotel again the next time we go to London - we had no complaints what so ever!!!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>franandhow
<Content>Our function at this AMAZING hotel Well, this could be a long one. But PLEASE read.My husband and I have just made a very large function at this hotel, followed by 4 rooms for an overnight stay.Firstly, thank you to Lorenz Muller, Stephanie Suttle and Oliver Reiter for their fantastic help with our function, thank you guys :)The function was fantastic, the food (for 180 people!) was the best, the staff worked so hard, without any complaints.So 100% for food and staff.All my guests were very impressed and we have all been to really great venues.The overnight stay was lovely too, on the executive floor, but unfortunatly had no time to use any facilities.I think we will use this hotel again very soon.In fact would use hotel for any reason in a flash, 5* all around.Francine and Howard.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FamilyTraveller39
<Content>Warm welcome for families Stayed here for 10 days--Aug 17-27--with 2 young teens. HHonors member and access to Executive lounge (stunning views of the London skyline on the 14th floor). We had 2 adjoining rooms for a great rate--about the same as a single room would be in other parts of London. Accommodations were impeccably clean, spacious, comfortable and modern. We found accesss to the Exec lounge to be a great value--they have an amazing free breakfast buffet, light food (including fruit) and refreshments all day long, tea sandwiches and cakes at tea time, and evening hot and cold hors d'oeuvres/open bar that are enough to make a light meal. (Given the low value of the dollar vs the pound right now, this was a huge money saver, and also if you are jet lagged and hungry at odd hours, you could easily get a light snack or beverage). Lounge offers free internet access and meeting space for work also. The Hotel can make reservations for you at top London attractions to save time in line (like the Tower of London). They were also great about finding my daughter's lost toy, which turned out to have been collected with the sheets and sent to the hotel laundry--Oliver the manager personally took care of it, and returned our beloved bunny within a day. The lounge and concierge staff are extremely helpful and welcoming--they go out of their way to give personal service and greet you by name. Very close to Canary Wharf tube station on the Jubilee line and the DLR South Quay station train stops right at the hotel door. If you like theater, there is a TKTS booth right at the Canary Wharf DLR station platform that is identical to the one at Leicester Square in Central London, but you can get your tickets as early as 10 a.m. Also easy access via DLR to Greenwich, which has great markets on Sunday and a lovely park, museum  observatory.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MrHiltonFan
<Content>Amazing high standards! This hotel really brings the Hilton chain , the fame it deserves. After visiting several other Hiltons in London, this hotel was amazing. Simply the best london Hilton, modern and comfortable! Since I am a Hilton Hhonors Gold member, a suite upgrade has been given!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kazPaisley
<Content>Fantastic Hotel - I highly recommend it. Stayed at the Hilton London Canary Wharf from 17th to 19th August. We met up with our friends at 11am on the Friday and they had rooms ready for us.We stayed on their offer of 2 nights BB with Dinner on 1st night, for 拢209 per couple. This was an excellent deal and great value for money. Our meal on the Friday night was a buffet and it was lovely, plenty of starters, main courses and deserts to choose from and as much as you want to eat. At breakfast there was everything you could possibly think of, it was fantastic and kept us going all day!The hotel itself is very modern, we had a standard double room which was huge! It was really nicely furnished and the bathroom was lovely. Both spotlessly clean. I rate the standard of this hotel very highly, I really felt like it was a weekend of luxury. The staff are so nice and friendly and always greet you with a smile. Towels were changed every day and they have a turndown service. We came back in the evening to find the curtains drawn, bed turned down, little chocolates on the pillow and bottles of water on the table which are complimentary. When we arrived there was a bottle of still and a bottle of sparkiling water on the table which was complimentary. When the come in to turn down your bed they provide more if you have used what is there. This was a really nice touch.We chose this hotel because it was close to the O2 Dome, where we were seeing Prince (who was great!). It's an ideal location for the Dome, as the Jubilee line is a couple of minutes walk from the hotel and the Dome is only 1 stop away. Canary Wharf is a really nice area with a shopping mall, bars and restaurants nearby and the area itself felt very safe. Some people mentioned that it's a bit out of London, but we didn't find this a problem. It's a lovely area to stay in and with the tube station so closeby you can be in the centre of London in no time.We flew into London City Airport and took the DLR (Docklands Light Railway) to South Quay which is just outside the hotel. If you're going out and about buy a day pass for the tube, this day pass includes the use of the DLR.Our friends drove into London on the Friday morning, parked at the hotel car park, which is locked up and completely secure, and didn't leave until 5pm on Sunday and they were only charged for 2 days at 拢15 per day.We had a fantastic time staying at this hotel and I would definitely stay here again. I recommend it to everyone. The only thing I was suggest is to ask for a high floor, as the DLR runs alongside the hotel and I would think that you would hear a bit of noise from this if you were on a lower floor, we were on the 11th Floor and didn't hear it at all.Please don't hesitate to contact me in you need any more information on the hotel or the area.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Duikertje
<Content>London's best We had a great weekend at the Hilton Canary Wharf. Not only because we had a very good deal from their website, but also because everything was just better than expected. The staff, the room, the food, etc. Comparing this hotel to other hotels we stayed in the London area, this one is a league of its own, by far better than all others!And good to know: despite of it being quite remote from downtown London, being on top of the, very new and fast, Jubilee Line, you're in downtown London very fast, comfortable and easy.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>PollyLiverpoolUK
<Content>Great location for 02 arena Great location with train station next door.Check in was pleasant staff really nice making us feel really welcome.Room was lovely, clean, fresh and well presented.Didnt have andy drinks for food at the hotel as we were going to the 02 arena.Check out was quick also and staff again really warm again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jackiesouthwales
<Content>My favourite mistake! When I arrived there, I couldn't understand why this hotel had received hot and cold reviews on the TA website. Neither could I understand why it didn't have the swimming pool pictured on the hotel's website. It was only when I got home and double-checked that I realised I thought I'd booked the Hilton Docklands when it was actually the Hilton Canary Wharf (I thold the taxi driver Hilton Docklands, but this is where he delivered us). And what a happy mistake it turned out to be!Modern, elegant, clean, great situation - and all for an excellent rate of 拢102 over the net. I chose it (or rather its sister hotel!) because it was one of the closest to the O2, where we were going to see a musical legend. I can't understand why other reviewers have said it's not convenient to London's other attractions. A couple of tube stops and you're wherever you want to go.The bars and restaurants of Canary Wharf are just over the footbridge, and the neigbourhood feels completely safe.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone planning a trip to London.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>banbury_phil
<Content>Puts others to shame The Hilton in the Canary Wharf is an excellent hotel that puts others rated in the same class to shame.It has one amazing quality that is so rare to find these days, especially in terms of hotels, the Hilton Hotel not only meets expectations, but in many ways exceeds expectations.The hotel is fantastic, very contemporary and comfortable; the rooms are a good size and offer every facility one could require.The location of the hotel is excellent, positioned immediately next to the South Quay Docklands railway, and with the line running outside the hotel room windows; not a whisper of sound can be heard from inside.The staff are friendly and courteous and drink prices in the bar appear reasonable (with location in mind).I did not eat at the hotel so cannot give any indication to the standard of food, but if it was anything like the hotel I would suspect there would be no issues there either.I paid a 拢85.00 for the room for one night (not including breakfast), which I felt was exceptional value. This rate was only available on one website that did not immediately name the hotel until after I had booked and paid for it, because of this it maybe hard to find this rate elsewhere.I find it very hard to fault this hotel; it helped make a visit to the Docklands area of London into a thoroughly lovely and enjoyable weekend.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rambler
<Content>High Standards in Docklands This Hilton is just a short walk from Canary Wharf tube station and is well located within docklands. The building itself is fairly anonymous and dwarfed by the higher skyscrapers all around but inside it is clean, modern and well furnished.Rooms are generously sized with the usual facilities and furnishings are of a good standard if a little predicatable.We stayed for just one night whilst seeing a show at the nearby O2 arena. In this respect, it's ideal. One stop on the tube - you could even walk if you're energetic.The bar and restaurant area were smallish but well appointed. During the week this is very much a business hotel. The evening bar scene was sparse and tourists were a minority. Staff were excellent - above the normal Hilton standard I'd say and service was good.If you're visiting on business or at the O2 - go no further than this Hilton. If you're visiting London as a tourist - I'd stay nearer the centre. This hotel is a bit far out of it for me and docklands is interesting for a visit but not really the London most tourists will have in mind.Overall - a good experience.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JannieR
<Content>A bit of luxury A great hotel!We booked a 2 night break with dinner on the first night with a platinum card, and at reception we were told to check in at the dedicated executive reception desk. After parking under the hotel (拢15.00/night) we made our way to the executive floor where the receptionist booked us in and told us that we would be entitled to use the executive lounge which offered a complementary bar with an extensive selection of alcoholic and soft drinks, aswell as a range of snacks and crudites and canapes.We made our way to a very well furnished, large, modern room with complementary fruit  dips, mineral water, tea/coffee  biscuits, quality bathroom toiletries, newspapers, iron  board, safe etc - every small detail was thought of.Our dinner meal was buffet-style and offered extensive choice. We preceeded the meal with drinks in the exec lounge, and continued on there after dinner.The following morning the breakfast choice was amazing: full english + extensive buffet with choices such as smoked salmon, meats, cheeses, cereals, breads, yoghourts, fresh fruit, even a juicer to create your own health drinks. We found that breakfast filled us up for the rest of the day and decided to just opt for what was on offer in the exec lounge the second evening - we didn't need another dinner.We found all the staff to be very friendly and helpful at all times.The hotel was not very easy to find on our first evening, but we discovered that it was in a great location within walking distance of all that Canary Wharf has to offer - excellent!We even managed to walk south across the river and into Greenwich and right up to the edge of Lewisham where our son lives - bone-weary when we got back though.All-in-all a great stay, and good value for money as we did not feel the need to buy lunches or a second night's dinner with the exec lounge on hand. The exec lounge also offered breakfast, but we ventured down to the main restaurant which had more options.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Fifer9
<Content>Faultless Just back from two night's at the Hilton Canary Wharf and very happy to record top marks for the hotel and its staff.I had booked this stay using reward points so was a little anxious that we wouldn't get the same treatment as if we'd paid cold hard cash, but there was no second class treatment here.In fact, we felt quite spoiled by the attentiveness of the reception staff in particular who put the special into special occasion for us.The rooms were splendid - modern design, very comfortableBreakfasts - all you could expect and moreLocation - out of the centre but good shopping mall on hand and the Docklands Light Railway at the front doorService - attentive, friendly, informative, individualExtra touches - the icing on the cakeI've stayed at many Hiltons, and whilst the Hilton Cologne still tops my personal list, this is the best Hilton I've experienced here in the UK. It even knocked spots off the five star hotel we splurged on earlier in the week - much better value and service which made us feel like we mattered.Thanks to the staff who made this stay perfect.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>leqiqi
<Content>Excellent hotel, highly recommend it! Just back from UK last Sunday, Hilton Canary Wharf was the last stop of our one week journey in UK. This was the second time that my husband and I stayed in Hilton hotels. The previous one was at Hilton Paddington. Each time we booked through Hilton website and got very good deal through it. For this time, 109pounds/night/double room included the first night dinner and two days breakfasts. Here are some comments:the location--comparing with Paddington, it's not very central, but it locates in London's CBD with very beautiful and modern surroudings. If you are not in a hurry, walking to oxford circus station only takes 10-12 mins at most, and the underground shoppingmall opposite the hotel is one of popular shopping spot in east London. Usually, you can reach to Bond Street within half an hour by taking the subway.The room--the room is very spacious and stylish comparing with Paddington. Everything is quite new. The bed is very comfortable and I love the sofa by the window. The bathroom is also great and very clean. The food--the three-course dinner at first night is much better than Paddington with many choices. The breakfast is brilliant with many choices. Similar to Paddington.The staff--the staff in Hilton Canary Wharf are excellent, very friendly and very helpful and very efficient. We can see the hotel itself has a successful management team. Will definitely come back again if we visit london next time.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ewex06
<Content>Good London Hotel quite distant from central London I've stayed at this Hilton location at least four times. Its a very good hotel. We chose it b/c of its newer construction, larger hotel rooms, and modern clean bathrooms. I have absolutely no complaints of this hotel except that it is not very central. However, we've been able to get good rates thru the Hilton website, about 拢70/night, including first night dinner and breakfast every morning. The breakfast buffet is very good, the dinner so so, but good for London standards. It's worth about that 拢70-100/night, I wouldn't pay more than that.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Degas
<Content>Fine and Functional Booked a night while on a 2 day course here and pleasantly surprised. Very much a business hotel with incredibly efficient check in/out staff and the most attentive 'I.T. fixit' man I have ever come across - he really went the extra mile to get the in room broadband funtioning on my dodgy new laptop.Room itself was large - so nice to have the room to swing a cat if that way inclined, with good and well lit desk for working and a great shower. Despite being able to wave and have eye contact with travellers on the docklands light railway running outside my room (was on 2nd floor - would advise asking for a higher one) there was not much noise.Docklands itself - like visiting anlother country - very sterile - full of suited clones and not my scene - but interesting for a day or two.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Zacharius
<Content>Great Hotel in a Great Area Took a few days off after work in Dublin to come to my favorite city, London. Originally planned to stay in a hostel to have some fun, but since I was feeling under the weather, after one night in the hostel, I decided to use some Hilton HHonors points and stay here. It was an absolutely fantastic experience. The hotel is so easy to get to either by DLR (South Quay) or Tube (Canary Wharf and a 2 minute walk), and in an area often overlooked by tourists, but includes nice restaurants, shops, and the 3 tallest buildings in the UK (one of which, the Citigroup HQ, I had a view of from my room). Check in staff extremely nice, room very VERY large with lots of open space, bathroom very clean and comfortable, and bed quite comfy. Breakfast was a little dissapointing, and had I actually paid for it (they gave it to me for free since the hotel was full and they could not give me a room upgrade) I would have been darn right angry. Health club quite good, and concierge fantastically helpful recommending a good Indian restaurant (Mem Saheb, try it out), finding me a post office, and other odds and ends. I would certainly stay here again without a second thought...it's almost nice to take a break from the busy areas like Knightsbridge, Bayswater, etc. while still actually being in London  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DinnyKnow
<Content>Business like Stayed here for business for a week in March. The hotel is convenient to London City Aiport and EXCEL exhibition centre.The rooms were large and clean with tea/coffee making facilties and a mini bar. There was also complimentary bottled water each morning. The breakfast was very good with the usual selection plus some extras, freshly made omelettes of your choice.I dined in the restaurant twice and had no complaints.Overall this is a good business hotel. I would not stay here if on holiday.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Carrie95014
<Content>Satisfied Customer!       Canary Wharf Hilton Room  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>looby2
<Content>Fantastic We stayed here for two nights in early April. We were lucky enough to be staying in an execuituve room with the full use of the execuitive floor. I would reccomed any body to pay the extra and do this. The room was enormous we were there with our 9 year old daughter and usually end up tripping up over the pull out bed, not in this case there was plenty of space. It was a well decorated room with everything you could ask for clock radio, DVD player even scales in the bathroom! The bed was also huge and extreemly comfy.We used the execuitive floor for breakfast again everything you could wish for and plenty of choice. We were able to use this room anytime we wished for drinks or snacks. Also available were a couple of computers if you needed them.The hotel is very well situated for the Tube and the Docklands Light railway, it took us about 10 minutes and we were in the heart of the city.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>terravisum
<Content>Love it!!!!       Executive room on 14th Floor  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Coops60
<Content>Hilton is OK We stayed here for one night in April 07 as my wife was running the London Marathon. We were upgraded to the executive suites which was good, the room is big and bed was great. The bathroom is superb, there is a separate shower and bath and you can even hear the TV in bathroom on special speakers in there! We were offered a free breakfast in the executive lounge but this wasn鈥檛 until 8.00am, far too late for the marathon so we asked if we could have it downstairs in the normal restaurant which we weren鈥檛 able to do, which seems a bit odd. Good shopping to be had at Jubilee Place and Canary wharf (nearest tube station) and DLR seemed Ok (broke down though on marathon day!). The DLR is right outside the hotel and lower rooms will be opposite it, if you are a light sleeper make sure you request a room away from this!To be honest we won鈥檛 stay at this hotel again, this was just for location to the marathon start.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Raylin08
<Content>A wonderful find Spent a couple of days here over Easter. Had a suite so were able to take advantage of the executive lounge on 14 floor.Throughout the hotel the staff were very efficient, polite and helpful. Our junior suite was very large and had spectacular views overlooking the Thames with London in the distance. Everywhere was spotless. Our standard Hilton break included dinner on the first night which was more than adequate for a freebie. We have stayed in Hilton Docklands across the water before but never again as this place knocks spots off it.It costs 拢15 per 24 hours to park the car which we considered very reasonable for London. It was also nice to have all the shops and the boat to the City on your doorstep. All in all a brilliant find and one which we will be back to often. The Easter egg on the pillow was a lovely touch!!!!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mister.c.
<Content>Absolutely Spot On       Bedroom (1)  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rocker562
<Content>Nice place, no sleep.. Writing this after my second night of terrible sleep. The first I will blame on jet lag, the second is due to the bed. Hard as a rock, no sheet, just a comforter that makes you too hot when on, and too cold when off. The rest of the hotel is nice, good staff, great bar/restaurant. From looking at the other reviews, I would recommend booking a suite, as those folks seemed to like the beds.The hotel is very close to the Canary Wharf tube station, as well as an underground mall. Other than that, mainly businesses. I wouldn't suggest staying here when traveling for pleasure, I prefer something in the middle of town.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Leeds_Visitor
<Content>Modern and Excellent Customer Service       A view of London from the Hotel  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yorweb
<Content>Good value, Good location Booked a two night stay including breakfast both days and evening meal on first night for 拢179.Evening meal was absolutely awful, supposedly nouveau cuisine but simply an excuse to serve minute portions of tasteless food. However everything else was great and in contrast to the evening meal, the buffet breakfast was fantastic. Room very nicely decorated, 11th floor had great panoramic view from Greenwich to Crystal Palace. The location is also good just yards from South Quay DLR station. From here you can get into central London quickly.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Mrs_hard_to_please
<Content>Fantastic views We booked this hotel because of the excellent deal available which included a half price room for children under 18 on the same terms. We upgraded to an executive room (拢123 instead of 拢89 standard), so that our chidren could have a twin. We had some difficulties with the call centre and paying the deposit, but our problems ended there.The hotel is easy to find and we were checked in quickly and efficiently, although we arrived earlier than the specified time one of our rooms was ready, and the other wasn't long.Rooms were spotless, staff were friendly and food good. Our deal included dinner on the first night - this was from a set menu with three choices for each course and was good value.The executive rooms come with access to the executive lounge where you can enjoy afternoon tea and pre dinner drinks and canapes (inluded in room rate) and there is a fantastic view across London from here - with the key sights etched on the windows. Breakfast can also be taken in the lounge and although it states continental, there was also bacon, scambled eggs, sausage mushrooms and tomotoes available. If this isn't enough you can still use the main dining room. The lounge also has a couple of pCs for internet access and free wireless access. Soft drinks and tea/coffee are available all day  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EssexPrincess
<Content>Not great for light sleepers Stayed in an exec twin room on the 11th floor. Nice hotel, clean and modern room decor. Bed very comfortable. Bathroom average. Whilst being located so close to the DLR is an advantage for travelling the disadvantage is the sound of the DLR echoing around the hotel until late and from early in the morning. The main air conditioning in the room is also quite noisy.Restaurant is very nice though.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Squonkie
<Content>My New Fave London Haunt!       View from the door  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SteveDirect
<Content>Awesome hotels, but uncomfortable rooms The hotel has to be one of the cleanest, stylist, best positioned hotels in London if you need the docklands. As soon as you walk through the door you are greated by efficient and courteous staff looking to meet your every needs. The lobby and restaurant area immediatly open up in front of you, and show a new class of style and elgance some of the older Hiltons lack.The rooms are also exceptionally well laid out, very spacious, and stylish. However this is where the stay for me falled short. The rooms have no opening windows, and with a choice of air conditioning or over heating, you are very limited in what choice you have. The air conditioning is particular drying and makes the room uncomfortable to be in.The bed was also a massive disappointment. Having stayed at this hotel on many occassions as a sole occupant, the beds are extremely comfortable. However when sharing with my wife, the bed lacks all independnce in its spring and cushioning, to a point where any small movement by one, was felt by the other. The hotel took my complaint on board, and where courteous enough to refund part of my stay. That said, no amount of compensation covers having to sleep on the floor in a room where the air is also so dry you end up awake most of the night.I still state that this is one of the best located hotels in the docklands, and I would consider it again, but only as sole occupant.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Central_TX_HAM
<Content>Best Hilton Experience in London In looking for the perfect hotel at which to stay, we read the reviews here online and are now so glad that we did. i strongly concur that this is the best Hilton in the London area. As noted, the DLR stop is immediately adjacent to the hotel, and the newer Jubilee Line Tube station is a very easy, short walk. I'm a diamond member, and the staff at the Canary Wharf Hilton were among the best I've seen anywhere. Actually treat you as though you are a valued and honored guest. Wish I could state this about most of the Hilton properties but alas ...The hotel is new, even so, the housekeeping staff are quite good -- this establishment is spotlessly clean. The executive rooms are large and nicely laid out with large bathrooms -- separate tub and shower, excellent. I had checked in Friday evening, and the wife and our 8 yr. old joined me on Saturday. The staff had a roll-away bed already in place, and with the generously sized room, this was no problem finding a place for the roll-away. Staff at the excellent executive lounge suggested, (during check-in), that we take our included-with-the-booked-package dinner on Saturday night, so the family could join me. Dinner worked out simply fine. The hotel restaurant is quite good, service was exemplary and the food choices were superb. We also appreciated and ordered from the decent wine list. The executive lounge was very well done, wireless access, great breakfasts and a spectacular view West towards the city center. The bar downstairs was a bit awkwardly situated in the space between the lobby and the restaurant, affording no feeling of privacy or coziness, but this seems a small quibble. In addition to the hotel restaurant, the cafe, restaurant, and bar scene in/around Canary Wharf are quite lively with a varied selection of cuisines and nightlife offerings. Having stayed at several Hilton properties in London, I will make Canary Wharf my first choice preference.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yachtinteract
<Content>Great new Hotel Stayed at this hotel on one of the deals where you get breakfast and evening meal on the first night.Arrived and went to checking and was told that we should checking in the executive lounge on the 14th floor. When we arrived at the lounge they where expecting us and had all the paperwork ready.Booked an executive room but as a Hilton gold card holder got upgraded to a junior suite. Room was large with a divider to separate the bed room part from the lounge. Had a great view towards London. The separator is just wooden bars and so not a separate room. Huge bed.Bathroom was large with a separate shower and bath. Executive lounge is large with great food and drinks in the evening. Staff are incredibly friendly and helpful and always seem to remember your name.The evening meal included with the deal we went on was OK. You had a selection of about 3 items for each course. Not a great choice.Breakfast is the usual Hilton Buffet and was never that busy at the weekend which was great.The hotel is very modern and in the evenings has candles everywhere. The location is not to bad. Great if you want Canary Wharf but otherwise there is a DLR station just outside the hotel and it is only a short walk to the Canary Wharf tude stop.Overall a great hotel with very friendly staff and new rooms.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chrismar50
<Content>Great Hotel and Location My daughter and I stayed 2 nights a the Canary Wharf Hilton. We had a deal which included evening meal on the first night and then two night's bed and breakfast. The Hotel staff were very efficient. The evening meal was good. Full English breakfast (buffet style) was excellent. We found the location very good. It is accessible on the London Underground via a shopping centre at Canary Wharf which was only a 5 minute walk away. We also used the Docklands Light Railway which we could use with our underground 3 day pass. This is right next to the hotel.Would use this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>kev1983
<Content>one of the best in london I stayed hear with my partner for one night on the 18th november in a exsecutive room, check in was very quick and staff were very plesent! the room it self was perfect bigest bed ive ever seen, and very nice fernishings! bathroom was lovley with seprate bath and showwer, the exsecutive lounge was great with free soft drinks all the time and free buffet and alchol in the evning! would most defentaly stay hear again and the extra for the exsecutive room is well worth it!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xpetalx
<Content>Brilliant Hotel. Arrived after booking on London Town, and was happy with every aspect of the hotel. Got a deal whereby dinner is included on the first night....dinner was buffet style and very nice, plenty of choice and a good variety of salad, sweets etc.The cooked breakfast was the best I have had anywhere in the world! Faultless. A quick mention to the staff who were professional and very friendly, we had a fire alarm on Saturday night after a guest lit a cigarette in their room, the hotel was evacuated in about 5 minutes! and as I had run out of my room in barefeet I was chased by a member of staff brandishing a pair of slippers! They were obviously well trained for such events, and handed out silver blankets to anyone who wanted them as it was very cold. We all got a nice hot cuppa when we got back inside the hotel, all in all I couldn't recommend this hotel highly enough, and I wouldn't hesitate to use it again next time I visit London.An extra note, although this is docklands it is very well served by shops and bars/restaurants. It also has a railway line which stops at the entrance of the hotel, I think it is the DLR line, the stop is called South Quay. Central London is very easily reached either by car or short train journey, we had a great time trawling around the Tower of London and the National Gallery.The hotel rooms were spotless, very modern with wireless internet, coffee, tea and minibar. Room service snacks were lovely too.10/10 for everything.... Loved it.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yellowbelly7
<Content>attentive service First morning there was no reduced sugar jam at breakfast, being a diaibetic I can not eat the full sugar option. I commented about it when asked if everything was alright at breakfast time, I was told by a staff member that there would be some jam the next morning. I wondered whether my request would be acted on. I was delighted to find the right jam there the next morning, it proves they listen to their guests staying there.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Susie78
<Content>Lovely hotel, friendly staff My husband and I recently stayed here and absolutely loved it. Perfect location - quiet and yet only a short tube ride from the heart of London. Staff were extremely friendly - I would like to commend them all to the management! The room was lovely. We ate at the restaurant one night and thoroughtly enjoyed our salt marsh lamb - lovely menu. Breakfast was superb. I would highly recommend this hotel with its great location and staff.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tomtopes
<Content>Ultra modern with great service I stayed at the Hilton Canary Wharf for one night in October. I couldn't get into the Four Seasons or Marriott in Canary Wharf and my travel agent booked me at this hotel. As this hotel was only months old, I didn't even know there was another hotel in Canary Wharf. Nestled among the many modern buildings by Marsh Wall is this ultra modern hotel. Upon checking in at the front desk, I was informed that I was upgraded to a Junior Suite and escorted to the Executive Lounge on the 14th floor for special check in. The lounge was beautiful, with great views and nice decor. The lounge served breakfast, snacks and drinks. Although it was over when I checked in, which was after 9pm. The service was excellent with the lounge attendant and the downstairs clerk both being extremely attentive and personable. As the lounge stopped serving food, I bought Indian takeout at the restaurant directly across from the hotel and brought it back to the lounge and ate while I worked on the computer. They had two or three computers with internet connection. Although they charged for hi speed internet in room, it was free in the lounge.The junior suite was located on the 9th floor and it was very modern with a partition between the sitting area and the bed. The bathroom was very large with separate shower and tub. Overall, it was extremely well appointed, but modern. If you were looking for more traditional decor, this is not it. One small complaint was that my room had only one TV. It was a flat panel TV that served both the sitting area and the bed. As the room was rather large, the TV was about 14 feet away when you are sitting in bed, maybe they could have spring for another TV by the bed. As the Four Seasons and the Marriott are always busy, the Hilton Canary Wharf is a great alternative, especially if you want to be near Canary Wharf (it is a short walk over a foot bridge to get to the Underground station). I will bet that as people hear of the Hilton, these upgrades will be more difficult to come by.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Paddyjc
<Content>Average Stay I stayed at the Hilton Canary Wharf recently and i must say it was a pretty average stay. I was expecting a wow being a new hotel but left feeling a bit deflated. I was not too impressed with the location as it's situated a little bit too far from the restaurants and bars and at night it is very quiet around the hotel area. Check in was good but i don't like all these loyalty membership forms being pushed on me, especially when on a leisure visit. The room was quite large but lacking in warmth. I didn't like the furniture at all and it would have been nice to have a sofa in the room. The tv was very small.We ate in the restauarant that evening and we both found the food to be poor. The choice on the menu was not very imaginative and the food quality although presented nicely tasted poor.Breakfast the next morning was quite pleasant but for a Sunday morning at 9.30 you could kick a football around the restaurant it was so quiet which was great as we were able to relax and read our papers.Check out was friendly although when i asked to leave my luggage till later they were not too keenfor some reason.Overall, an average stay.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	5	3	3	3	

<Author>MirandaUK
<Content>Friendly, modern hotel We've just returned from our second short stay at the Canary Wharf Hilton. This hotel is clean, modern, and a nice change from some of the more tired Hiltons in the West End. As Gold card members, we were upgraded to an Executive Room and staff couldn't do enough. The room was decorated to a high standard and the bathroom facilities were excellent. Although the location isn't ideal, it's an easy 20-30 minutes' underground journey into the heart of London. Our only complaint was with the drains in the bathroom sink. For some reason on both visits, the sinks were draining very slowly and on our first stay, it became completed blocked!Would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	2	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>IADDutch
<Content>The best London Hilton A great, new Hilton in London. Modern, well appointed, great executive floor lounge. The staff was not only very helpful, they are actually happy and seem to be enjoying themselves!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>phil2001
<Content>Hilton Canary Wharf Rocks   showReview(5958466, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GB01
<Content>Excellent all round   showReview(5954416, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>jojo888
<Content>Great stay - v. spacious rooms   showReview(5774815, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Karter
<Content>A perfect stay   showReview(5773599, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gorpalm
<Content>Dour look on the outside, smart design inside       Big bed, nice soft furnishings  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	2	4	3	

<Author>sarcher
<Content>Modern   showReview(5715361, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	4	5	

<Author>KevinPB
<Content>Absolutely first class   showReview(5709243, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rob1233
<Content>Wonderful new hotel   showReview(5544131, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>The Black Adder
<Content>Excellent new Hilton!   showReview(5512981, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent stay   showReview(5466489, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Enchant茅e   showReview(17431118, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>beeindruckendes hotel in dynamischer umgebung   showReview(11358842, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

