<Author>twbat108
<Content>Beautiful hotel This is a beautiful hotel, nice service, etc etc. Lovely rooms, everything was really nice. Only problem is the location, it's really quite far from anything, don't stay here unless you have a rental car, or an unlimited taxi budget.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>majsis83
<Content>One of the best hotels we've ever stayed at! We were recommended to stay at this hotel by a relative this summer. We are from Sweden and made a road trip and were about to spend the last couple of days of our trip here. We stayed at the hotel for five nights and we had some splendid days. Although we weren't at the hotel so often, we had an awesome time when we were there. The fruit and water table by the pool made our sunbathing experience much more luxe! Fantastic! The location was great, easy to find, just by the freeway. We didn't hear anything of the traffick to our room! The room was really modern and stylish! The aircondition was great! We want to give credit to the cleaning personnell who always cleaned our room so nicely!! It was a friendly gesture that they came to the rooms in the afternoon to ask wheather we wanted new towels. Have to recommend this hotel to everyone!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Green-Realtor
<Content>Contemporary Classic I had a very enjoyable stay at the Luxe on Sunset. The staff know what they are doing, the rooms are large, the beds are extremely comfortable (never slept as well in a hotel), the pool is just large enough to do laps, the bathroom was pretty much as big as any I've seen in most 5 star hotels, and the decor is comtemporary classic, with earth tones and strong square shapes. The restaurant is good, but not excellent. I tend to judge on the classic caesar salad with chicken. The chicken was over cooked/dry. The service at the spa is very professional, and welcoming. The pool is salt water, which is becoming the norm. The conceirge was able to let me know about a local but competing restaurant for breakfast, which I did enjoy. I also sat in the bar one night for dinner, and the bartender was excellent.There was only on issue, which was the band that I've been told plays Tuesday and Thursday. I could clearly hear them in my room, and I was a distance from them. Luckily they only played until 10:30 PM. They were good, but it was distracting that I could hear them in my room. Also I could hear every word in the hall (they might want to consider sound proof doors). I would not recommend this hotel to light sleepers (this isn't one of my issues.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>galvestonboys
<Content>Luv the Luxe A sparkling gem of an oasis. The setting and location are perfect. The two hotel buildings are seperated by a hilly incline which is an easy walk or drive up the hill with the sparkling and beautifully appointed pool on the upper level. A few rooms overlook the freeway, but most overlook the pool and gorgeous surroundings. The room was very large, quiet, and extremely well appointed. The decor and furniture are definitely not IKEA, like some of the other reviewers seemed to think. The staff, valets, and waiters treated us superbly-with prices in line with any major US city-valet included at $21/day. The Luxe is far superior to most hotels in this price range anywhere. We arrived before check in and they allowed us to change in the gym and relax at the pool while waiting. Lunch was excellent and can be delivered poolside.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DesertDweller11
<Content>Treated like second class citizen I purchased a two night stay at the Luxe through Sky Auction for my wife's birthday. We checked out after the first night. I booked a king size room. When we arrived at the hotel, we were told that no rooms were available at the time we arrive approximately 12 noon. however we were told to come back later and we would be taken care of. We returned about 6 pm and was assigned a room. We entered the large room that was pleasantly decorated. However it had two standard size beds. Both my wife and I have leg problems and it makes in nearly impossible to sleep in a standard size bed. When I called the front desk, I was told that I would be called back in 15 minutes with a resolution. After about 30 minutes I was called to be told there were no other rooms available and there wasn't anything we could do. I called housekeeping to get a few extra pillows to help brace our legs and was told they would be right up. After 30 minutes we called the front desk and their response was that we would be called in 10 minutes with the location of our requested pillows. 30 minutes pasted and no pillows arrived. We called the front desk again and a few minutes later pillows arrived. Unfortunately the pillows had wet pillow cases. My wife took the pillows to the front desk and asked if the clerk would like to sleep with wet pillows. About 20 minutes later new pillows with dry cases arrived about 90 minutes after the first request. The room had one robe in the closet (the robe was shabby with the lining all torn) we asked the representative how delivered the pillow if we could have a second robe and the response was no only suites can have two robes and if we wanted one we would need to call the front desk.The next morning after a very restless night of sleep we checked out. The clerk at the desk hardly acknowledged are presence and never asked why were checking out early or if we had a pleasant stay.I would urge people to avoid the Luxe.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	5	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>LolTM
<Content>The steepest hill in hotels! I last stayed in the Luxe in 2004 when I had a pleasant few days. After reading some reviews on this site, I was concerned that the place had gone downhill, however I took the chance as I wanted somewhere with a balcony (to smoke) along with a restaurant and bar.I shouldn't have worried. Unfortunately it seems that people are more likely to write a review after a negative stay - I feel that positive stays deserve a review also!Let's start with Customer Service. I could not fault it at all. Unfortunately (through no fault of the hotel, they got the wrong booking information) I was put into a standard room rather than the Jr Exec Suite that I booked. I mentioned this at the front desk and spoke to the desk manager to apologised profusely for the issue but mentioned that they were fully booked that evening. He promised to sort it the next day. It was sorted the next day without bother. I went out and when I returned I had a new room with all my cases moved over. The suite was great. Extremely spacious with additional seating, huge bed and desk to work upon. The bathroom was also large with a sunken bath and a shower that could take at least four in comfort if you are so inclined (I did want to try it out but couldn't find another three people to join me :)Unfortunately my AC stopped working on the first night in my new room, just as a wedding started outside my window. I had to open the window to get some air into the room but just as the wedding music was making me stir crazy, the maintainance man fixed my AC - again, great service - fixed within 30 mins.As for food, it is quite expensive (well for the US anyway), but it was okay. Some dishes were great, others less so but the guys in the restaurant were incredibly friendly and polite. Likewise all the staff!Parking is a pain. Valet parking is compulsory at $25 or so per day, but again the valet team were incredibly quick and efficient - less than five minutes to get the car from turning up at the front desk.So what was bad? Nothing really, only a few really picky grumbles. Firstly whilst their website and the general hotel sites such as travelocity and hotels.com state they have smoking rooms, all rooms are non smoking. Not a problem if you get a room with a patio or balcony, but I had neither. Mind you, the 20 yard walk outside was far better than the 10 minute hikes I have had in previous hotels!Another problem was with the events. Rooms in the lower complete that are odd will tend to overlook the party area. Not a problem if you don't go to bed until later as they tended to be over by 10:30, but for early sleepers it can get quite noisy.The hotel is also split with the lower complex with restaurant and event areas, and the upper area with spa and pool. Rooms are at both locations but they are split by the steepest hotel hill in the world. Seriously, this baby must by 1:4 and 30-40 yards long! You can get a ride up to the top, but having to tip someone just to get to your room can be frustrating.The location is a little out of the way however (given good LA traffic) you can get to Santa Monica, Hollywood etc.. in a few mins. The place is right on the corner of Sunset and 405 so you can get anywhere easily - just don't try it in the morning and always take the garage exit to get to the highway!So all in all, a very pleasant stay and I will definitely be back if only to enjoy the excellent, polite and friendly staff that the Luxe employs - thanks to you all!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BetterthanJackBauer
<Content>Stay at the Luxe! First of all it has a great location. Right at Sunset you are quickly in BH or Hollywood (if LA traffic allows). We had a wonderful and great stay. The staff was nice and helpful. Our room was large by all means and we got everything we asked for. Even when we considered switching to a (more expensive) room by the pool, they did not hesitate for a second and showed and offered us the rooms without extra charge. I stayed at numerous hotels in LA and the LUXE was one of the best ones I stayed at. You definitely get a very good price/value ratio. I will definitely stay there again. I might also try out the one on Rodeo. For families I recommend to get a room by the pool, all others stay in the main part.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mdog75
<Content>Pleasant stay, nice room We stayed here for a wedding a few months ago and had a really nice stay. Our room was ready when we arrived, the staff was helpful, and our junior suite was quiet and much bigger than expected. The breakfast at the restaurant was good too. Our only complaint was that the ventilation system in the room was pretty bad -you could actually see the heavy dust buildup all around the giant a/c vent. It was the same in our friend's room, and it was pretty gross and unhealthy.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>byuby5
<Content>Pig with lipstick This place is an outdated dump. Motel 6 with nice landscaping. You think it is going to be nice and it is not. Staff is poorly trained. Management is weak. I am trying to think of something nice to say and I can not think of anything.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveler2themax38
<Content>The luxe isn't luxury! Rooms were okay. Didn't receive wake up call, only found two towels in room, and had to call 4 times to eventually get them. Food service took in total 21 1/2 hours. Amenities were okay, except bowl of ice cream with cookie was $8. Wouldn't stay here again. Also, room looked out over freeway.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	1	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>LizzieandFred
<Content>Great stop-over hotel We stayed here for 3 nights on the way back to the UK after a holiday in New Zealand. The location is ideal, being on Sunset Boulevard, but we hadn't taken into account that it was directly overlooking the Freeway. It didn't bother us at all in fact, as we were in the rooms at the top of the hotel, the spa section, so it was reasonably quiet. The rooms are clean and spacious. I would suggest the pool side rooms with a balcony, as the quietest and prettiest views.The staff were friendly and helpful and we enjoyed the excellent service and good food in the restaurant at breakfast and one evening when we dined in. The pool is great and our sons spent most of our stay in it. The valets were very obliging about taking us up the hill in their golf buggies, if the courtesy bus wasn't there.Overall, a happy experience in a friendly, well run hotel.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SteveHouston
<Content>Mixed Bag at the Luxe We recently spent six nights at the Luxe, located off Sunset Blvd. and the 405 Freeway. As we frequently travel with our small dog on business we were pleased at their open dog policy and had no complaints about how we were treated. We booked a Junior Suite (a large room with a seating area - no doors in between). The room was comfortable and had an open sliding door to a grassy area outside - perfect for walking the dog and relaxing outdoors. Rooms and grounds appear well maintained. Service was enthusiastic and very polite, but somewhat spotty - our bags took about an hour to arrive from the main lobby. Wireless internet - there is no wired internet - is spotty and cannot totally be relied upon.There are two main problems with the hotel. The first is that it is located up a steep hill right off of Sunset Blvd. This means that joggers and dog-walkers will have a hard time. We drove about a half mile to a less trafficked area for exercise. The second problem is that the hotel is on two separate levels, separated by quite a bit of steep hill. The main lobby and some rooms are located in the lower level. Another set of rooms, including ours, and the spa are located at an upper level. The only connection between levels is walking up and down the hill on a road, waiting for a sporadic hotel shuttle ride or driving up and down and having the valets handle your car. As we had a lot of business to do at the lower level - we were interviewing prospective staff in the hotel bar and restaurant areas - we found this very inconvenient. On the positive side, location is excellent for driving. The hotel is one minute from the 405 freeway and quite near some excellent parks - including the little known but lovely Will Rogers State Park.We would return to this hotel again, if we could make sure we were given a room on the lower level  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>2	4	-1	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>Shiraz888
<Content>Had a great stay. I have just returned from a weeks break at the Luxe and thought it was v good. Having read the rather mixed reviews here I was a little anxious, however, I was pleasantly surprised by both the hotel and the service. The room was extremely spacious and spotlessly clean. The decor is nice and quite simple and stylish - certainly better than most US hotels I have stayed at in the same price-bracket. The pool area was also very nice.I found that all staff (valets, front-desk staff, housekeeping, room service) were friendly and efficient. I never had to wait long for my car to be brought round and the valets recommended me some great routes to drive in the hills above LA. Housekeeping staff were also very good and my room appeared to be cleaned about 3 times a day.I did not eat at the hotel restaurant, however, I did order room service for breakfast and snacks. I found the food to be of a decent quality, good portions and also reasonably priced.Personally, I thought the location of the hotel was v convenient - particularly with the 405 freeway being so close-by. A few things to note: there is not really anything within walking distance, parking is $22/day, and Freeway noise is faintly audible in the room.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kimanneb
<Content>The Luxe is great The Luxe on Sunset is a great hotel - the staff is friendly and helpful and the location is excellent. The rooms were large, a little sparsely furnished but the bed was comfortable and the bathroom large. We received a coupon for a complimentary glass of wine our first night which was appreciated. The food, as it is at most hotels was only okay and overpriced. Skip the toast and coffee breakfast for 12 bucks and walk the 10 minutes to Barrington Ave in Brentwood - a lovely walk along Sunset with beautiful houses to look at and have breakfast at one of the 2 bakeries or Starbucks - for a lot less money. The hotel offers a shuttle service, but to a very limited area - Brentwood, which is a very easy walk, the UCLA area and the Getty Center. The Luxe has a sister hotel on Rodeo drive and since most people want to go to that area, it would be nice if the shuttle ran between the hotels, but it does not - and it is only about a mile out of their three mile radius the shuttle travels. Overall, I enjoyed my stay and would gladly stay there again.Kim from Indianapolis  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>drjoannah
<Content>Boogers on the Mirror I went down to LA to spend Christmas with our Daughter and her family. When I moved into my room it was simply disgusting. There were hairs in the bathtub and toilet. Boogers on the vanity mirror, stains on the carpet and the window as filthy. I should have figured out that the hotel was not what it was cut out to be. As I first walked down the dark hallways, the light fixtures were full of dead bugs!I complained and was offered to change rooms. After looking at the alternative, I chose to stay in my current room because I did not want to listen to the freeway noise all night. I asked for a housekeeper to come by. I explained the problems (fortunately I speed some Spanish) and tipped her in advance. After shopping I returned with some spot remover and applied it to the carpets, and most of the spots came out. I also bought a pair of slippers so as to never have to place my bare feet on the carpets.I made the most out of my trip, but I will never be back to the Luxe.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	4	1	3	1	3	

<Author>AgieLu
<Content>Nice Stay My husband and I stayed in the Jr. Executive suite Rm 319 for the weekend and we had a great time. My husband surprised me with stay here next to the Spa, which was right outside out patio. The bed was very comfortable although the bed frame looked like an IKEA special, the comfort more than made up for that minor detail. We spent some time in the sauna, right outside the spa and across from our sliding glass doors. The bathroom is huge, separate shower, and tub has jacuzzi jets. The jacuzzi tub was the highlight of our stay, simply awesome. Since we live nearby and just wanted to relax, we had dinner at the hotel, which was of course pricey but not more than what is expected. Room service was efficient and friendly. I read some negative reviews and I believe that many probably have merit, but our stay was enjoyable. Also our room was located on the upper property and there is a complimentary shuttle to take you to the main lobby.Room includes: comp wireless internet, cable, flat screen tv  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>petitchablis
<Content>Dreaful Service Wanted to advise other travellers NOT to book this hotel, staff were incompetent and lacked training and it was not just my husband and myself who had problems three other couples were unhappy also. We had to wait an hour before check in after being advised it would be 5 mins, they double booked our room we had a famiy enter the room 5 mins after we had - mini bar not replenished with water after asking them for 3 days straight to do this, no one seemed to understand the concept of bottled water. I could go on and on but would take up too many pages, please do not go there !  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	1	1	4	

<Author>shatoora80
<Content>nice This hotel was pretty nice. We had a little problem in the beginning, having two double beds instead of one king bed, but they moved us by the next morning. The hotel was located about 15 minutes from Sunset Blvd. The pool was located up a steep hill, which was hell to walk up, but was so beautiful. We also visited the spa, which was relaxing. Overall, this hotel was a nice and relaxing.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Tottiisahottie
<Content>It's the little things that count This is the second time this year I've stayed at The Luxe on Sunset.I agree with the reviewer that called it the little hotel that could.If they would just take the time to update/improve certain things, this hotel would be great.Pros -Great location, cool vibe, huge rooms and bathrooms. Cons -Valet parking takes too long, no hotel shuttle service anywhere, thin walls, front desk staff needs to be trained on basic hotel knowledge.The concirege never returned my calls and then went home for the evening leaving us to find a restaurant and make a reservation, when I asked for help from the front desk staff they could not name ONE Mexican restaurant in the area!The front desk staff has no knowledge of the hotel's spa. They will make a reservation for you, but not inform you they will charge you 100% if you cancel, we had to talk to the front desk manager to get things fixed.Little things like burned out lights in the room,the wrong room service menu in the welcome folder, forgotten turn down service, dead batteries in the remote controls, tub not draining the entire weekend and the air conditioning shutting off in the middle of the night and not one person knowing how to reset it. (this is a common occurance at the hotel as it happened in June as well)Mind you this all took place in a Executive Juinor Suite.I would stay here again, as I like the interior and location, but it does get to be a pain when you have to call to the front desk every 30 minutes to remind them of something.The front desk manager did reduce my room rate for all the trouble, but if they just got it together this hotel could be Great!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LovingtheTravelling
<Content>Lukewarm Experience Staying at the Luxe Hotel Bel Air seemed a good idea as it was close to our destination but was like a roller coaster 鈥?1 moment all seemed well and the next, not. PROS: Great location to freeway, place looks great from the outside, Front Desk staff friendly, Valet friendly with some confusion at times, cost of $22 for parking each day. Didn鈥檛 use the pool, restaurant et al due to lack of time to do so, people using the restaurant seemed fine with it. Room was clean, bed comfortable; TV had TV plus movies, and free internet connection in room.CONS: Service inconsistent 鈥?1. told by the Front Desk there was 24 hour Room Service yet late hours Room Service consisted of a few cold items, not as the Menu page read which had hot and cold items and when we questioned this, they said they didn鈥檛 know about that and would call us back, but did not, 2. no daily paper offered, e.g. the Los Angeles Times (this IS Los Angeles) and when we asked, no one got back to us with one nor how we could get one, 3. Checkout time offered a full staff of valet parking personnel but only 1 bellman, causing long waits to bring baggage down, 4. Room hallway painted dark colors so looks long and dark, 5. Room 136 Suite - inconvenient electrical switching, small section of carpet wet by bedside, showerhead regular rather than the deluxe expected of a suite, room situated where you could not watch TV from the bed and sofa, Mini-Bar had small liquor bottles scattered on top of the frig, plus it was not stocked well to help somewhat with the Room Service deficiencies.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	4	4	4	1	4	

<Author>torontofashionsta
<Content>Not recommended for young people       the pool  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	1	2	2	

<Author>ttocsffej
<Content>You get more than you pay for... I travel to L.A. every couple of months, and have been reluctant to try this hotel due to somewhat mixed , although mostly acceptable reviews. My wife and I were in town last weekend to attend the Genesis concert at the Hollywood Bowl with clients, so I was looking for something close to the Wilshire Park N' Ride for concert purposes, and also near the Getty Center, where we had lunch the next day. The Luxe (and the Angelino next door) fit the bill, but having had a so-so experience at the latter, I decided to give the Luxe a shot. I will say that things started out a little rocky. We had a car/room package and I had trouble getting the hotel reservations department to respond to my inquiries for confirmation and pickup of the car. After too much effort on my part, things were finally sorted out the day prior to my arrival. (General Manager-this is the one department that needs to get it's act together!) Arriving on Sunset Boulevard, a tiny sign--easily missed--in front of an equally well-concealed driveway, leads uphill to an pull-through entry court for valet parking. Clearly, this is NOT The Peninsula, however, they have done a decent job updating an old but spacious facility. Like other reviewers, I do think they could use a bit more polish on the apple--this was an IKEA quality re-do, not Roche-Bobois; although that is clearly the look they are going for. The lobby and entry areas look very promising, with nice decor and lighting. Very chic. But how about replacing the old steel room doors, mouldings, and bathroom fixtures? These have a patina of use that draws attention to what hasn't been updated. The long and overly dark hallways to the rooms are trying for a cool attitude, but really come off as long and overly dark. That is a shame because all of these things consprire to cheapen an otherwise stylish decor. The biggest issue I have with this hotel is in the details; for example: it's nice idea to have HD flat screens mounted on the walls...but there isn't an HD signal coming to them so every channel looks distorted due to the expanded aspect ratio of the flat screens...springing for HD service would solve that. Our room had an ill-fitted front door that would not close tightly, letting in lots of noise from the hallways. Walls, as others have mentioned, are a bit thin but noise from adjacent rooms is not that obtrusive. That being said, all the basic ingredients for success are present: the rooms have lovely new carpeting, nice decor, good bedding, decent baths, and are huge! The grounds and common areas, especially the outdoor seating areas for the lounge and restaurant, are lovely. One would not realize the 405 is 200 feet away unless on the fringes of the property. The valet parking was very responsive and at $22 is well below the rate for most hotels in L.A. (As for those who've quibbled about tipping the valets repeatedly...go stay at a Motel 6, for god's sake!) This is is L.A. get over it. I practically had to stuff money in their hands as it was; they all seemed reluctant to accept a tip.The restaurant is small but well-appointed. We had good service and a leisurely breakfast there, although the kitchen did not seem to know what eggs over easy are supposed to look like. Prices are reasonable for Los Angeles.The true highlight here is the staff, which from the front to the back of the house, were absolutely warm, gracious, and helpful. No L.A. attitude here. We arrived a bit early and were offered a complimentary glass of wine while waiting for our room to be checked by the housekeeping supervisor. No less than 3 people called or came by the room to be sure everything was in order. A welcome bag of dried fruit and nuts in the room from the marketing director was a nice touch...it will score her some future business for sure! I really do intend this as a very positive review. For the location, price, and quality, you'd be hard pressed to touch this elsewhere in L.A. Unfortunately, it's easy to nit-pick the Luxe, because SO much is right that you know a little more money and work invested in the facilities would make this place even finer. Sure, it's not a 5 star, but you're treated like a 5 star guest. The low-key, elegant surroundings have such a private, clubby feel, that you forget the bargain rates and come to expect everything to actually BE 5 star quality. That's how good it is. In the $200-$350 price range in Los Angeles, the location and overall experience simply cannot be beaten. I can honestly say I got way more than I paid for...I can't wait to return.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Carolind
<Content>Loved The Luxe We stayed at the Luxe from August 4 through to August 11 and we loved it so much we came back at the end of August for another week. We are Australians travelling through LA. Upon hearing that we were returning to the Luxe all the staff were genuinely thankful and kept thanking us for coming back. The Luxe is a beautiful boutique hotel, very clean and well maintained. We prefer the smaller no name hotels and we found this one perfect. The staff are all so helpful and friendly, always say hello to you whether it be the front desk staff to the housekeeping to the valet. As per the previous review we thought $22 parking was enough and didn't tip and we were never treated rudely, the valet were alwasy friendly and we never waited long for the car. Although the room service menu isn't huge the food is nice and reasonably priced. They have a room service menu, and in restaurant menu and a poolside menu - loved getting food and drinks by the pool. The pool area was just really nice and relaxing, never too busy we always got a bed. They refresh the towels several times during the day. The pool is heated so is a nice temperature no matter what time of day and have nice music playing up there (not loud). There is a steep walk to get to the pool from the front of the hotel but they have a golf cart giving rides to and from the pool for those who don't want to walk. They also have a tennis court and provide rackets and balls. Our room was just the basic room and was very big and roomy. The beds were extremely comfortable and had plenty of pillows. The rooms are just decorated really nicely nad browns and beiges and nice pictures of shells. There is a flat screen TV with cable. They also provide free wifi throughout the hotel, as well as having and business centre where you can use computers and printers free of charge. The bathroom was very nice and also roomy. The rooms are kept extremely clean and housekeeping came through everyday. Our room on our first stay was located above the valter parking area but never had a problem with noise of cars or people. The hotel is located on Sunset Blvd, on the border of Brentwood which is an extremely upscale neighbourhood (mostly gated streets). The neighbourhood is extremely safe to walk through and we regularly took walks to the local shops (called Brent-Air) for milk and such. One time Jennifer Garner was there while we were getting some dinner! (Also, staying at the hotel was Sopranos and Bad Boys actor Joe Pantoliano). The hotel is located directly off the 405 freeway and although it is very close, we could never hear any traffic noise at all. Being close to the 405 means is it very easy access to where you want to go. The hotel is located about a 10 minute drive to Beverly Hills to the east and about 10 minutes west to Pacific Coast Hwy in Santa Monica. It is in a excellent, safe location and would definately stay here on our next trip to LA (if only we could afford to live in Brentwood we would!). We cannot say enough positive things about the Luxe. On average the hotel was about $200US per night and was well worth the money for the area. To me, safety is extremely important in where I stay and this area cannot be beat. If you find something wrong with this hotel you are the kind of person who will find something wrong with any hotel, no matter the price or star rating.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CambridgeHappy
<Content>Had a great time We arrived on 6th August and left on the 11th and our stay was well above average. The hotel has two sections and we were on the upper level. No problem with bags or car although it is valet parking and being English paying $22 a day includes, as far as I am concerned, the ability to go  come as I please at no extra cost whatever the Yanks say! Room was lovely, quiet and well fitted out although no lift between floors and we were on the top floor of 2. Staff couldn't be more helpful but housekeeping does need to be checked! Staff very helpful and gave us good directions when needed. WE only had breakfast which was well priced and OK on service. The hotel has been well refurbished and the pool was great. My wife  I would certainly recommend the Luxe to all when on vacation to LA..  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Mierel
<Content>Disaster We stayed at the Luxe, a hotel near our home, due to a plumbing problem at our house. When I arrived, the person at the front desk decided, based on my appearance (I came in late, from work, and in informal clothing) that my husband and I should be relegated to a room on the far level of the hotel. I was told I would be driven up, as I was very tired, but when I went to go get the shuttle, I was told I would have to drive myself up. (My husband and I arrived separately). On the upper level, there was only valet parking, which was fine, but I should have been told that. Also, the parking level was on the third floor, and my room, on the fourth floor . There was no elevator. (I was not told this either). I had to carry my computer and a heavy bag upstairs myself. I had asked for a room with queen beds, and was told there were not any, which I believe was not true. The next day I left in the early morning and returned in a couple of hours. (I had requested and had been given late check-out). I went to sleep. Twice, hotel employees attempted to enter my room, although there was a Privacy hanger placed on the door. Both times, my room door was opened, but the person could not enter since the door was chained. The staff did not respect the sign and the hotel had failed to advise staff members of the late check-out. After complaining, more than once, the hotel made a partial adjustment on the bill. The hotel is beautiful and new, but we were very disappointed with the poor service and bad treatment on the part of the staff. We hope this was an isolated incident.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>1	4	4	1	5	1	1	5	

<Author>bijou2006
<Content>Nice, but Huge room - almost uncomfortably so - for a solo traveler (over 600 sqft); nice amenities; separate shower booth, etc.The hotel consists of 2 building (main and the spa tower). I was assigned to the latter, and you would like a ride from the main tower because of the steep uphill (the hotel does offer a ride). Internet - can be improved (wireless).Valet parking - takes long because short-staffed. Breakfast - need a car to the nearest Starbucks, so you'd probably eat at the hotel restaurant (about $20). To get on Fwy 405, you need to make a sharp left from the hotel on the busy Sunset Blvd. (coming back to the hotel is no problem).  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>queensboulevard
<Content>Lovely, serene and comfy Sadly, we needed to go to L.A. on a moment's notice to go to a family funeral. Our stay at the Luxe Bel-Air made our trip very relaxing and comforting. We had a king room overlooking the front drive, in the lower building. Furniture and decor was very West Elm or Bo Concept style. Giant, comfy bed, about a dozen pillows, white-chocolate brown-chrome color scheme, sleek iPod dock style alarm clock, flat screen TV. Did not hear street noise.I'm very familiar with LA, and even though I don't like Bev Hills or Bel Air at all, this was a great location - Spitting distance to the freeway. Hotel is right next to UCLA-Westwood and halfway between Beaches and Melrose-WeHo-Farmer's Market-Museum areas. Also, reasonable drive to the Valley. Service was always kind and responsive. Front desk staff was always friendly, if not incredibly knowledgeable about local dining recos. (They all seemed new or not from area.) We always got our car from the valet within 5 minutes. No one had their hand out.The hotel is on a hill, so one building is up a steep hill. We always found valets to take us up to pool area at upper building via golf cart if we didn't feel like walking it. One afternoon, 7 of my local relatives came over (4 little kids, 3 adults) so the kids could swim and eat lunch, and the hotel staff were very gracious. No one questioned whether the kids were guests, etc. One valet even gave the kids a zig-zag Disney tram ride on the golf cart to and from pool. Prompt response to request for extra towels. Service in restaurant was friendly but slow, esp when you have four hungry, wet kids with you who just want chocolate milk, hot dogs, fries and burgers! (Otherwise service for breakfast was very prompt, esp one morning we told them we were in a hurry.)We booked through Expedia, and did not get the breakfast-included plan, so we did not pay top dollar, but it was still above our usual lodging budget. Plus, they charge you $22-night mandatory valet parking! Yikes, But, considering the circumstances, I do not regret our decision. Our only complaints were the mandatory parking charges, the bathroom needed more towel hooks (a common deficiency in hotels all over, I notice), and a teeny-tiny closet.P.S. Mazel tov to the girl who was having her Bat Mitzvah party there Sunday night! Fun to watch from a distance.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MovieGuyParadise_CA
<Content>Missing attention to detail I recently stayed at the Luxe Hotel-Bel Air for my first time. Furnished nicely, though everything seems to be painted olive drab green. I was pleasantly surprised to have been upgraded to a suite, although it was on the 2nd floor over a rather noisy driveway valet area. Lots of doors slamming, loud voices etc. While the room was clean, comfortable and well decorated. Finding things as simple as a light swtich was a chore, the maid had turned down the bed and turned on a number lights none of which worked with a wall switch. Lack of convenient plugs to charge a cell phone or laptop shows the age of the original construction. The attention to detail to such things as no shampoo or lotion in the bathroom, a remote control thatwas inoperative, all of which can be rectified with a quick phone call to housekeepking but really shouldn't be nescessary at this level of a facility. The bathroom lighting was not well suited for a bathroom difficult to see to shave, and would have been awful for applying make up if I had my wife with me. Nice marble in the shower but a motel 6 shower head that was not high enough for a 6' tall person.They do have excellent wireless internet, which was free (as it should be). Surprised to not find a daily newspaper at my door although they claim to offer it on their website (again attention to detail). Lastly I requested an airport pickup and drop off through the concierge, both which were prompt and courteous (and extra cost), but handled by an outside service and not operated by the hotel, hence the return to the airport was in a town car that smelled like old ashtray.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	5	

<Author>deelite9909
<Content>Nice on the outside, but... Stayed two nights at this hotel for a birthday weekend, and I'd give it a B overall. PROS: Courteous staff, comfy beds, beautiful restaurant, airy walkways, fairly nice decor, very close to Getty and fine dining. CONS: Noise, $22/night valet-only parking, broken fixtures in room.This hotel seems like they tried to cover up a formerly crappy hotel with some paint, nice IKEA-ish furniture, and accents to make it seem more luxurious than it really is. Several wall outlet covers were falling off, the iPod docking clock/alarm was broken, and the walls were fairly thin. But, the staff was so kind and welcoming, and the location was a good one, that these inconveniences mostly made up for the faults. I doubt I would stay here again for $199/night though...  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>danvers
<Content>Amazing Service and Ambiance       PoolSide  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SBeg
<Content>The Little Hotel that Could I just stayed at the Luxe for one nite (vacation travel) -- thought the place was pretty appealing and also thought - if they could just put a bit more money into it - it could really be a little gem. Our room was initially a poolside view, second floor in the upper building - the room had a nice little balcony and you could not hear any noise from the 405, it was quite charming. Room furnishings were fine by me (but the refrigerator looked like it came out of someone's dorm room) We did hear a loud hum/motor come on and I think it was the airconditioning units above us up on the roof - I think if they could find a way to dampen this sound it would be really good, as if you stayed here in hot weather and that was cycling on/off all the time it could be quite annoying.The shower handle came off when I tried to use it - we called maintenance and within 5 minutes someone was there to take a look at it. He explained he wouldn't be able to fix it immediately and that we would have to move to another room - again I was surprised by the speed - within another 5 minutes someone came up to move us - my husband asked this time for a 'city view' as he is a former LA resident and thought that would be nice. While the city side rooms do not have balcony's, and you can hear a little highway noise, the view is pretty amazing for anyone who would want it. I think if you were there on business you might not want to stay in the upper building, as you have to go down to the lower building for breakfast, bar, lobby etc etc and if you are in a hurry you might not want to walk down or take the golf cart shuttle. Our package came with breakfast - food was fine, not great, but the outdoor eating area is very nice. The best part about this place is truly the staff - they were all very pleasant and helpful. The next best thing for me was the pool -- room was fine - I think with a tiny bit more upgrading it could quite the joint!  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>AP_Phoenix
<Content>Liked the Luxe... Stayed at the Luxe Hotel for a weekend (feb 16th-18th) and really loved the decor of the room and lobby...modern w/ very clean lines throughout. The room was REALLY spacious (got a room with 2 double beds). Also like the location. Very friendly staff.Some issues:1) Being on Sunset right off the 405, the room was a bit noisy. If you need silence to sleep this may not be the place for you as you can hear the freeway. 2) Parking costs $22 a day which is not uncommon in LA, however during the day no self parking is permitted...so on top of the charge, I had to tip the valet to park my car.Unable to rate the restaurants or pool / spa as I really only used the room as a crashpad.I might stay at this hotel again... i'd say it was above average except for the noise.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>simonkklee
<Content>Wasn't disappointed but... I didn't expect too much but since I think I got an excellent rate of US$160 per night, I wasn't expecting The Ritz.The staff are friendly enough and I don't recall seeing any of the cleaning staff during my stay. The room size was very nice - two good sized queen beds and a separate bathroom and toilet. Overall, I was very pleased with the hotel itself.However, when I stayed there it just happened to be a wedding party of some sort. My room was facing the rearside of the hotel overlooking the outdoor dining area and at the back there is some kind of hall or room for private parties. They made a hell of a noise while I was jetlagged and such - this was a Thursday night. That party went on in to the early hours and even shutting the windows didn't help. So just be careful there are no parties happening at the time of stay.It's a little out of the way if you don't have a car so only stay here if you have rented one. They were charging something like US$22 per night for overnight parking but nothing for hourly charges.I'd probably stay again if I got the same rate but not if the rates were higher.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jenny1812
<Content>Nice hotel with excellent staff After reading some of the reviews, I was a little nervous about staying at the hotel. The reasonable price however, made me give it a go along with the hotel's very close proximity to the 405. I stayed for 3 nights and found it to be very nice and comfortable. The rooms were large and very clean although as stated in a few other reviews, the walls seem to be a little thin; we could hear the toilet flushing next door. Other than that, I can't say anything negative. The staff was very friendly and we had no problems checking in/out. I would definitely stay again when in the Los Angeles area.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>aedportland
<Content>Cozy, modern, quiet In a time of insanely high hotel prices in Los Angeles (what gives?) this place was a nice surprise. It seems to be a recently remodeled 50s or 60s era hotel that's been done in quite nice, modern (danish/asian style) with warm, earthy tones. Why I liked it:--rooms are large--modern amenities (flat screen tv, radio alarm clock with ipod docking station--tucked back in the trees on a hillside. even though it's next to the 405 (convenient!) you can't hear the cars at all.--very quiet--good food in the restaurant--nice, open air lobby - has a resort-like feelPotential drawbacks:--my colleauge said her walls were paper thin - construction of the buildings doesn't seem great  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>California2
<Content>Renovation nightmare! This was suppose to be holiday of a lifetime! Holiday was booked in Nov 05 through First Choice Signature (mean't to be a reputable firm!). Three weeks prior to our travel they told us the hotel was under extensive renovation! Apparently this had been going on since Oct 05 and the managment knew that it was unlikely to be finished in time! Nice of them to tell us!They stated it would not disrupt our stay only that:1.) We would have to get a shuttle bus for 1 hour (return) to another hotel across LA as the pool was closed!2.) No fridge in our room3.) There would be noise from 9-6pm each day4.) It was all due for completion the day of our return!They added after all this we wish you an enjoyable holiday!It was noisy and the work did disrupt our stay! Definately not recommended!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>psycgrl7
<Content>The Luxe sux! Though the Bel Air address, convenient location and tasteful decor make one think upon arrival that a true gem has been found, don't be fooled! Our July 2006 stay was filled with serious and costly problems fro beginning to after we arrived home. The rnovations of pool and spa continue with no available information given about this fact on the website, by phone, or any other means. There is no information on the parking, which is a steep $22/day by valet ONLY until one arrives and has no other option from which to choose. The electricity in our room went out every day three or four times daiy although nothing was plugged in other than what was in the room originally. Garbage was eft on the patio near our patio door all day baking in the heat and asn't removed until several call later. Our children's accompanying room had no locks and would not be fixed by management. NO amenities wer available: robes, slippers, pool, spa and no information was posted or conveyed about these issues anywhere or by anyone. Management did not honor the reserved price which was listed and confirmed on their website and through the confirmation. Worst of all, hundreds of dollars of unauthorized charges were billed to my credit card by the Luxe staff and was only realized pon our rturn home.This is a wolf in sheep's clothing.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nchamp
<Content>Enjoyed Our Stay My husband and 2 teenage sons stayed here on a recent trip to tour UCLA. It is located at the 405 Freeway and Sunset Blvd. We stayed in room 117 which is not far from the main lobby. The room was not your average chain hotel room. The decor was very modern which I enjoyed. A nice change from Marriott, Sheraton, etc. The bedding was very comfortable. I was concerned because we only reserved one room for all 4 of us, and the hotel does not have queen sized beds.We had a room with 2 doubles and a twin sized roll a way bed. My older son who is 6'1 really appreciated that the roll a way was a real twin mattress and not one of those mattresses that folds in half. We were all very comfortable. The free wireless Internet connection was very strong and we were able to have 3 laptops connected to the Internet at once. The bathroom was beautiful with travertine floors and shower/tub. The bathroom is average size but has an upgraded sink and hardware. The bathroom was very clean - no mold/mildew. There is lots of counterspace.The pool was being renovated so it was not available, but the staff had mentioned that they had arranged for guests to use another pool elsewhere (at UCLA I believe?).The parking was $25 which I thought was steep, but this is LA. Beware that when leaving the hotel, it is almost impossible to go east on Sunset. You have to go west and make a u-turn so leave a few extra minutes.Overall, a nice stay, and I would definitely stay again. I told them I was touring UCLA so they gave me the UCLA rate which I think was about $25 cheeper, so try to get a discount if you can.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay at the Luxe! I stayed at the Luxe for a recent business meeting and the hotel and service were both fantastic! The rooms are huge! The hotel has totally been redone and Everything in my room was brand new! The front desk clerk was very hospitable and I have never been so welcomed in an LA hotel! My room service breakfast was delivered in less then 10 minutes and they even called to make sure I was happy with my meal and did not need anything else.After breakfast I checked out and my car was waiting for me, no that is service! I will be back!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dk67
<Content>Nice room but ammenities and service lacking My husband and I stayed here while attending a wedding (not on site) over the weekend. After reading some of the reviews, we asked for a renovated room. They added $10 to the price for a renovated room.Our room was huge. Nice furnishings and decor. There was even a kitchen in the room, and we had not requested one. Nice wide flatscreen tv mounted to the wall.Discovered that our shower was broken. The knob that you pull to get the shower to turn on had broken off. We called down to the front desk, and they promised to get somebody to fix it. It was fixed by the time we returned from the wedding. Inconvenient.We requested room service for breakfast the next morning. Not only did it not arrive at the time we requested, but I noticed that nobody even picked up our request (left on the door) until that morning. They did get the order in and prepared quickly but another minor inconvience.Upon checking out, I asked if we could use the business center to print out our airplane boarding pass. The center was occupied, but the front desk offered to print them out for us which was nice.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't get stuck in an unrenovated room We were given one of the unrenovated rooms in the upper building, which was far from the main lobby and restaurant. Our room was about 40-50 years old and was very dated, although quite large. The closet was tiny and you could only open 1/2 of it at any time. The plumbing required replacement. The cleaning staff unplugged the bed lights each day for some reason (the plug was under the bed). The windows to the room were filthy as was the carpet in the room. The furnishings in the room were made of formica.The staff in the restaurant could not understand our orders and were very slow.The problem is that the main lobby is very fashionable and provides a false expectation. We think that our room and the service were worth about 1/2 of what we paid. Would not stay there again as we had a 2 star experience.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience at The Luxe! After reading all the awful reviews here on tripadvisor, I was really expecting the worst and had very low expectations for the hotel.I'm happy to report that I was pleasantly surprised and very pleased with the hotel! The front desk clerks were very nice and check-in was quick and easy. We were given a choice of rooms (renovated and unrenovated) and without hesitation I chose renovated. Thank goodness I did! The renovated room was lovely. The carpet was new, the linens were new, everything was new... in fact, I could still smell the fresh paint, or maybe it was the wallpaper glue? The room was very large and very clean. However, it didn't look finished. There was no artwork on the walls and although it was a pretty room, it looked incomplete. In fact, I think it might have been incomplete since we visited friends in other renovated rooms and they had shelving and artwork. Regardless of this, the room was very comfortable and we enjoyed our stay.The valet parking was pricey at $18 a day, even if you self-park in the upper lot. I did check out one of the non-renovated rooms (I had friends staying in one) and it really wasn't that bad, the beds had the new linens which helped. The hotel grounds were lovely, even with the construction going on out front. The lobby area was beautiful, very modern and chic. I'd stay there again. Hope this helps!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>RUN AWAY! ...as fast as you can! If you're looking for a hotel with NO service, this is the place for you! There is an overall lack of management at this property. Not enough staff is the biggest fault. The upkeep at this property is non-existent: rooms (and I visiting a few of them) have broken door hardware, outlets, bath fixtures, and non-operating refridges. The grounds around the pool and buildings are not maintained (weeds and small trash are seen in many corners of the exteriors). Good luck getting anyone to bring a few towels up to the pool! The unfortunate logistics of the parking on the property are worsened by the fact that the front desk (10 feet away from the front valet stand) refuse to coordinate with the sub-contracted valet/parking folks. An antiquated phone system doesn't allow you to call them either... that would make sense, and anything that seems logical is absent from this hotel. One again, I blame the G.M. of this hotel... and guess what?... there ISN'T even a manager at this hotel... actually told this by the front desk personnel! Now THAT'S logical, huh? I live in Los Angeles and book my visiting clients in local hotels. I'm glad I never sent any of them here before seeing for myself. PLEASE do not be enticed by the low rates and great deals that can be found for this hotel. And one last dig... the 'spa' was running 1 1/2 hours behind on their appointments for treatments. Ridiculous. I couldn't keep waiting, so I had to cancel my massage reservation due to other plans. Run away!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Believe the hype... I'd read the reviews before staying here, but I had to try the property due to the corporate rate my client had negotiated with Luxe. The hotel staff were very nice on check-in, no complaints there. And the room was large, also nice. However... the air conditioning didn't work (except for brief 5 minute periods), the parking was a nightmare, the road noise from 405 was ridiculous, the bed was hard, and the carpets looked vintage (read: not cleaned in the last 50 years). I wouldn't stay here again. Not a fan.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Luxe I read mixed reviews on this hotel so was somewhat concerned. Arrived there and hotel staff was very courteous. Had a room by the spa that had a terrific view of LA from the patio. Room was very clean. Went to a wedding that evening and when I returned the coffee was refreshed and the beds were turned down. Very nice. Very close to the 405 and the Getty. Had some time to kill so went on a nice drive down Sunset to Pacific Palisades. Overall was very pleased and don't know what the bad reviewers expected.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HUGE Disappointment Very disappointing property, especially from photos online advertising its locale and presentation. It's very very different. Quite cramped (parking more than a hassle), staff unattentive, overpriced. Room smelled stale, like sewer had backed up, definitely in need of a facelift. Carpeting not tacked down in corners/edges against the wall. Appearance in lobby of property and appearance in actualy rooms VERY VERY different. I will certainly NOT return.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>pux
<Content>An off freeway oasis       ditto!  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>smithdallas
<Content>Cool and Convenient Well located right off the 405 at Sunset and easy to get in and out of. Good restaurants just down the street off of Sunset. It was cool in an old LA kind of way. You know you are in LA when you are staying there, and I mean that in a good way. The rooms are large and comfortable. Stay here if you are looking for a nice hotel, pretty good service, in a great spot. Don't stay here if you are looking for 5 star service or want everything brand new.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing! We got a decent rate on the room ($159/night) because of an event we were attending. We were disappointed with the room and the service. First off, it feels as though they renovated an old apartment building into a hotel. The rooms have seen one too many parties. There were stains in the carpet, the bathroom was old and the layout was a little weird. When we were checking out, there were two check-out attendants. One was flirting with another guest and the other just stood there. It took us almost 30 minutes just to check out. The spa was greatly greatly disappointing! I'm shocked to find out that several major magazines, inlcuding InStyle recommended the spa services. The massage was unimpressive and unpampering. Lastly, there's nothing in the area... inconvienant. We will never stay at the hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gold-plated rip-off Ordinary accommodations, outrageous rates, padded bill. I seldom have such a bad experience that I'm moved to post, but be warned: unless you're willing to make 10 trips to the front desk to complain (waiting each time for the desk attendant to finish his phone call), you won't get adequate service.鈥?When I checked in, the main hotel was full so they put me in the guest house adjacent. No elevator, no valet parking, and a stale-smelling hotel room that was utterly generic in furnishings and decor.鈥?Couldn't turn on the air conditioner and phoned for assistance, which never arrived.鈥?$18 fee to park your own car -- same charge as for valet parking.鈥?They charged me 9.82 for 2 phone calls: then sent the same charge again on a separate receipt.鈥?Only source of refreshments is the minibar. I broke down and had a soda with a posted price of 3.50; cost on checkout 7.50.鈥?Lost my receipt at airport security and spent 2 full weeks phoning the Luxe for a copy. Only got a return call by resorting to threats.鈥?In brief: this place has an address and a name to offer. Everything else is pure attitude. A dismal disappointment.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Certainly not a luxury hotel I might have set my expectations too high. After checking the hotel's website, I thought I'd be staying a pretty luxurious hotel. Not exactly.The lobby decor is nice, but the decor in the detached building (where my room was located) was dated and stale. 70s motif, very musty smell. In dire need of a remodel. (They should add an elevator at that time, as well.)The room itself smelled stale. The decor was a mix of 70s (the bedspread, carpet) and current (the furniture) influence. There was lipstick on the clean glasses in the room. I THINK I was shuttled to the less than desirable building. Probably not true, but that's how I felt.I think you get treated better if you're a celebrity or a regular. The were more than helpful for a patron looking for the Presidential Suite and another patron who had been staying with them for years. On a positive note, the food was great. I wouldn't return to the Luxe Bel Air, though.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great atmosphere  Got room through Priceline and were pleasantly surprised. Nice atmosphere. Room was quite small but was nicely appointed. Room felt clean. Parking $18 and mandatory was more than we would prefer to pay. Did not get a chance to check out the grounds but from what we saw and experienced we would return. Near to UCLA campus which was our destination. Look forward to a return visit.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful surprise   showReview(2598716, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely boutique hotel in Bel-Air nr the 405/Getty   showReview(2581748, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel!   showReview(2445021, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxe Hotel   showReview(2397006, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel , Great Spa, Great Price   showReview(2347421, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Berkeleytraveler
<Content>Large, comfortable room   showReview(2077282, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful!   showReview(1843467, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kckrause
<Content>Quiet with great service    showReview(1651438, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kylijia
<Content>Not What I expected..but great Service   showReview(1436139, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wonderful Hotel!!   showReview(473170, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retourne sans h茅siter   showReview(20553625, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>stef94
<Content>L'endroit o霉 s茅journer et o霉 se montrer 脿 Los Angeles   showReview(19475828, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ibz
<Content>nada especial   showReview(17749347, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel in Bel Air mit exzellentem Service   showReview(17431028, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>corentin
<Content>H么tel agr茅able   showReview(16172811, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un hotel au calme   showReview(14735469, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(11665516, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>琛椾腑銇亗銈嬨儶銈俱兗銉堛儧...   showReview(21802315, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇傘伨銈婃湡寰呫仜銇氥伀   showReview(19930476, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19929859, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

