<Author>vegaslover73
<Content>Nice property (even during a blackout)       room 1149  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>hdettmann
<Content>Very happy, no real complaints! We stayed from the 15th Dec to 21st. Hotel was pretty busy the whole time, but it never interfered with us using the front desk or internet. The staff were very helpful and friendly and let us check in early (for a small fee), which was great after a long flight. Our room was booked for $199 a night and over looked Diamond Head and the renovations of the Royal Hawaiian...and that would be my only complaint! They start early and work hard ALL DAY, so no naps in the afternoon for us, just too loud. I really wanted to be able to sit on the balcony after a swim and have a drink and enjoy the view but that can not happen, but hey they have to renovate!! We did see amazing progress and cant wait to go back and use the RH pool.Yes the hotel can be a little pricey in the resturants but your on holidays so I say spoil yourself at least once. We ate at Rum Fire which is Tapas style and that was great..they make the best Sangria I have EVER had.Overall hotel was great for the money I would never pay $605 a night to stay there, but would go back for a speacial deal for sure.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>honeynugget
<Content>Hard to find a bad view The hotel is huge! From the lobby with marbel floors and counters, shops, to the area with 10 or 12 elevators, to the restaurant area, to the beach! It's a beautiful property! The valet was fantastic and the hotel is right on the strip but has a quiet secluded drop off area. The rooms were recently remodeled and I booked a room on the 23 floor facing Diamond Head! the view was picture-perfect and you could look out over the ocean or back toward the stormy mountain tops. There were no other buildings blocking the views. The rooms were clean and the staff was great. Check in was super fast and they accomodated me to every need. The bathrooms were very clean and modern. Large flat screen TV's in every room! The breakfast at the restaurant/ buffet (forgot the name) was expensive but delicious but best of all, 20 feet from the waves! I would definitely stay there again. If you are just looking for a place to crash though, this is not ti! Luxury at its best is here.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>magauran8
<Content>Loved the Sheraton Waikiki - Excellent Value The staff was terrific and the food was good. I loved Rumfire, the restaurant. My view was wonderful and when I had questions about sightseeing, etc., I couldn't have had more help by the staff. Even the GM, Kelly, was so accomodating. Would recomment it highly. I want to go back soon!PS It was a great value. Ssshh ... it's a secret :)  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wendychivas52
<Content>A well-deserved break       Rum Fire Bar  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Jimgloria
<Content>Loved location - disliked the new uncomfortable furniture Booked 4 nights at an oceanfront room in the Sheraton Waikiki.Loved facing Diamond Head. It is the postcard perfect view of Waikiki Beach, Royal Hawaiian Hotel, Sheraton Moana and Diamond Head.The lobby and furniture in the room was strange. The room did not have a desk or any chairs to sit on. There was a peculiar folding- mirrored screen between the bathroom and bedroom. The metal chainrs on the lanai were completely out of proportion and uncomfortable. No chairs in the room.There were big line ups for the front desk - very understaffed. Front desk staff were nice but overwhelmed.Think they should hire the decorator from the Reef Hotel and redecorate the Sheraton Waikiki.The room had an amazing view if you didn't mind standing.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	1	5	4	2	4	3	

<Author>mywifetakesme
<Content>Terrific View of Diamond Head With a terrible economy we were able to get an oceanfront room with a wonderful view of Diamond Head for $199. The view is fantastic. Evenings from 6-8:30 there is live entertainment, and you can watch right from your room.Because of construction at the Royal Hawaiian next door, currently you'll have to put with some jackhammers during the day on Waikiki beach, and to get to the beach you need to take a short walk through a temporary walkway. The pool is nothing great.We never ate at the hotel because it's so overprices, but Rum Fire looked nice with its outdoor fireplaces. You can take a short walk down the block to Duke's for their buffet breakfast for $15, also on the water so you can enjoy the view.The hotel is very large and can feel impersonal, but the front desk staff are friendly and professional. The amenities are typical Sheraton comfort.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chemical_laser
<Content>Wonderful conference hotel       interior view - where's the furniture?!!?  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Hawaii50
<Content>Nice stay at Sheraton Waikiki       Turtle in ocean, taken from lounge lanai  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>KonaTraveler55
<Content>Wonderful Hawaiian Experience The views, the staff and the amenities - those are what every traveler wants! Sheraton Waikiki has them all! Hawaii is about the aloha spirit and the Sheraton does it to perfection!We are regulars of the Royal Hawaiian and the W, but since the Royal Hawaiian shut down for renovations we moved across the parking lot to the Sheraton Waikiki. They are remodeling, but so what? The new rooms are beautiful! The staff from the beginning at the valet station through to the housekeeping staff always have a smile and welcome you. Since January of 2008 through the end of December we will have stayed over nine (9) weeks this year.Rumfire is a great bar with music nightly, especially Thursdays with Makana, a local as well as internationally known musician. The food is great and wine and beer are half off from 5pm to 7pm. Views and sunsets abound!There's everything from food to go, Ingredients, to fine dining, Hano Hano and the Sand Bar, by the Pool. What more could you ask for?PLUS- the Royal Hawaiian Shopping Center is across the driveway with every kind of shopping and dining one can imagine.Don't believe the negative reviews; take it from a local (Big Island) - This is a charming and beautiful hotel to stay in in Honolulu, right on the beach of famed Waikiki!Compare the prices!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wildflowerb
<Content>Beautiful Views I had the privilege of staying here as part of the Flight centre Limited Global ball celebrations. I had an ocean view room with glorious views of the Diamond Head and Waikiki beach.Our room looked over the currently being renovated Royal Hawaiian- but had the most marvellous views. It was VERY HIGH. The lift situation was my only issue but this is not a huge problem there were 2700 of us there and so you can only expect things to be a bit manic.Although my stay was long before that of wanderlust333 I coudn't help but feel for her and her family who had a nasty experience there with a rather badly dealt with jumper from what I could gather.As a travel agent, my only suggestion is- if your room is dirty, get them up to clean it. If you are not happy with your room- ask them to move you. In any case, this hotel is great. Awesome location and we were very well looked after especially seeing us Flighties are a special bunch!.Stay here. it's good  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SydTraveller08
<Content>Loved it We stayed here for our one year wedding anniversary and absolutely loved it!We were upgraded to an ocean view suite. Was huge! Beautiful views over Waikiki beach and Diamond Head. The pool was great, loved the pool bar! Wasn't too impressed with the restaurant overlooking the pool - give that one a miss and go next door to the Royal Hawaiian! Excellent central location along the beach and close to shopping and restaurants.Will definately be staying here on our next trip to Waikiki in 2009.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>barbiespice99
<Content>Excellent. Can't wait to return We have been to Waikiki the past five out of six years, and have been dying to stay at the Sheraton. We were able to get a good deal on the internet and booked in for 10 nights.It was a fantastic experience.The pool scene is great and has a good chance to meet people and socialize.We loved the Ocean Front room that looked down on to the pool area.The fitness centre wasn't as good as I would have hoped. It was in a converted suite and the airconditioning wasn't very good in there. It didn't have a water cooler. The fitness centre felt a little 'slapped together'.The rooms were spacious enough and our Ocean Front room had a bifold doors so you could look out through the bedroom over the ocean while having a shower.The balconies were a pleasant size.Very happy and hope to return next year.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NeedATravelFix
<Content>Wow - just a fantastic room and view - good food too! Upon arrival, due to my Starwood status, I got upgraded to a corner suite which was absolutely fantastic. The views of Waikiki from both balconies were stunning, and the room was immaculate with every amenity you could possibly need. It was far too much living space for one poor business traveler, but it had 2 big-screen TVs, and the bathroom fixtures were gorgeous Kohler. In peaking into the regular rooms while the cleaning crews were working, the quality seemed high throughout the hotel. But for the value I paid - it was just superb.The hotel restaurants, while a bit pricey as can be expected, have some very good food. RumFire has some great food - the fried rice in particular was top notch. Breakfast was also nicely done.For a business traveler like me, it was top notch, but I can see some potential drawbacks for a vacationing family - the pool is a bit small, and you aren't directly on Waikiki Beach. Also, the hotel next door is currently under construction, so some views on that side may be a bit obstructed.But overall - a great stay - would recommend it wholeheartedly.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Lisanicole
<Content>Absolutely loved the Sheraton Waikiki Aloha,We stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki from 26/9/08 to 2/10/08. When we arrived we were immediately upgraded to a partial ocean view room without even asking for it. We were on the 27th floor in room 2705. The views of the ocean, boat marina and Waikiki were wonderful. Our room was always clean and fresh smelling. The rooms are a good size and modern. The reception staff were all friendly and very helpful. We especially loved Elaine who helped us on a few occasions. All staff were friendly and willing to help us with anything. This hotel was central to everything in Waikiki. We had room service on 2 ocassions and found it to be lovely and good sized portions. We would definitely recommend the Sheraton Waikiki to anyone looking to holiday in Waikiki. Mahalo to all the staff at the Sheraton we will all miss you.Lisa Sydney Australia  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>MKK33
<Content>AMAZING Experience. Perfect Location. Diverse options.       View from hotel room  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>limegreencoco
<Content>Will definitely return to the Sheraton My husband and I stayed here in September and both agree that this is the best hotel we have stayed at in Waikiki. It was definitely worth paying the extra to get the ocean front room. You can hear the waves crashing from your bed. We had a great view of Diamond Head and could also see the sea turtles from our balcony. Yes you can see the ocean while you have a shower. The hotel is conveniently located with shopping and restaurants within walking distance. Try the Kuhio grill for breakfast, as the prices are reasonable and you have a great view of Wakiki beach and Diamond Head. The Cheesecake Factory and Dukes are good choices for lunch or dinner. A walk up Diamond Head is a must as the view from the top is amazing.Shopping tipIf going to the Waikele outlets, don鈥檛 book a tour or get a shuttle, take the bus, which will get you there in 30 minutes and only costs $2 (each way). Make sure you take the E Express. Not many locals know about this.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>mulligna
<Content>This hotel was awesome The Sheraton Waikiki was the perfect hotel for our first Waikiki trip with our kids. The location was ideal, with the shops and restaurants right outside the front doors, but the beach access was the best... The food and beverage was also really great, and they even catered to our little kids at Rum Fire, their trendy restaurant.I can't wait to go back next week, when that new pool is done...  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>abc08
<Content>Construction zone Good hotels and Waikiki are almost an oxymoron but I had expected more from this hotel. The hotel next door, The Royal Hawaiian, is under renovation and there was a jack hammer going outside my room all day long. In addition, I could hear the people next door hanging things in their closet. I came there on business and had wanted to work but found there was no desk in the room. When I asked to change, the employee at the front desk said none of the rooms had desks and refused to do anything more. The 'spa' is next door at the Royal Hawaiian and you have to walk through the bowels of that construction zone to get there. They charge $25 and it is very small, a bit grimy and not worth it. The restaurant in the Sheraton is very good though and the night I was there there was local Hawaiian singer/guitar player with a very nice voice and an excellent array of tropical covers. He said he is a school teacher by day -- he sings like an angel. Much of Waikiki beach is sadly washed away these days and the Sheraton is on a very narrow stretch. I've had better experiences at the Hilton and at the Moana Surfrider.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Kate056
<Content>Very disappointing! My four year old daughter and I stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki on the Beach four four nights mid Aug 08, hoping to have a luxury break before flying to Canada for a wedding. From the moment I arrived however, I began to regret my decision. After waiting at the check in desk for near half an hour, I was told that my room wasn't available and I wouldn't be able to check in till after 3pm. It was 10.30am and after a 10 hour flight I was not even offered anywhere to change into bathers so my daughter and I could at least have a swim in the pool. Once my room was ready (and another half hour of re-waiting at reception), I was appalled at the poor standard of room cleanliness. Pubic hair on the toilet seat, masses of bird droppings on the balcony, dust in the cupboards (plus threadbare towels and not even a shower cap!). The view in our ocean front room was fantastic, but that was it! The hotel dining was below par, particularly the Sand Bar, and in room dining was ridiculously expensive! At night I had to complain to management about the live music from the Sandbar. It went till 11pm (even when there was only a handful of customers there) and was so loud that (a) I couldn't relax on the balcony and enjoy the view I'd paid for! (b) even with doors closed we couldn't hear the in room TV, and (c) my daughter couldn't sleep. On leaving I asked if I could extend my check out till 12 midday and was told flatly no. I could use the hotel pool but there were not changing or shower rooms available. To add insult to injury, the cleaners knocked on our door at 10.30am on check out day to hurry us out.Great view, nice nightly hula show but that's it. On returning from Canada I stayed 5 nights at the Outrigger on the Beach and had a wonderful time. No complaints there!!!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>stephiej
<Content>Great location We spent 3 nights at the Sheraton and we thought it was great, it was centrally located and handy to everything we needed. DH and I like to walk everywhere when we are on vacation. The service was prompt and the view for us was spectacular, we were in room 1938. Whilst we were staying here during the renovations as some of the other reviewers mentioned, we had no issues as we stayed over the weekend. The room was clean and recently renovated.We would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Brokenback
<Content>Beware the construction work! We stayed at the Sheraton in May and decided to return in Sept. When we booked we were not told about the current construction work being carried out on one side of the hotel (basically replacing one of the pools and work being undertaken on the royal Hawaiian), indeed we were not inform when we checked in though there was hammering and banging going on in the reception.We were given a room right over the work being carried out and the noise was terrible, after a couple of calls the hotel manager did move us around to the other side of the hotel which was far better.Owing to the work being carried out we did not use the hotel facilities at all, however did have breakfast at the buffet which is about average (far from great), we tended to go to different place for food - there are lots of restaurants to choose from.Best happy hour we found was Moose McGillycuddys in Lewers St.Obviously this is just a short term experience in the hotel (we were told 2-3 months work is required) as when we stayed in May the room and hotel were fine.Would not go back to this hotel this year but would consider it next year when the work is finished.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	3	2	

<Author>Hawaii50Sanfrancisco
<Content>Not so impressed with the Sheraton !! I stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki and I found the hotel to be fair but not special. I liked the nightly singers/performers that would appear pool side. My main disappointment was that my room was smelly and the cleaning was below par. The hotel room turnover is obviously high so cleanliness should be a priority. The hotel is not cheap so I would have expected higher standards Normally I would order room service for breakfast but I was put off on this occasion ! I love Oahu so I will go back but I will try to find something that is maybe not so tourist central !  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	4	2	1	

<Author>emandjeff
<Content>GREAT BANG FOR THE BUCK - GREAT LOCATION I got to tell you - i was so pleasantly surprised that this is my new go to hotel for Waikiki beach. As a user of the Westin chain, Four Seasons chain, it was nice to stay in a sub $200/nt room which we had at the Sheraton Waikiki.Great price: $200/nt for an ocean view room looking at Diamond Head.Great location - right on Kalakua ave, next to all the shops. Near all the brands, can do lots of quality shopping. A 5 min drive to Ala Moana shopping mall.Look, this is not a romantic hotel, it's not a getaway hotel, this is a hotel for people looking at 1-2 nts in Waikiki with the sole purpose of walking around the shops. If you want the beach, getting a tan, i can't speak to that as i spent 2 weeks in kona and maui and honolulu was for shopping.ROOMS ARE ALL RENOVATED which was an awesome plus as well. new interiors made the hotel feel very comfortable. we were in room 1164, great view, size of room was a bit small, but we werent in there much. did not try the food either.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elly08
<Content>Perfect hotel to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary My husband and I had stayed @ the Sheraton Waikiki during our honeymoon so we just had to stay there again to celebrate our 25 anniverary! We loved every 9 days of our stay! Before we left I had called the concierge and had asked for a bottle of champagne upon our arrival to celebrate. After checking in, the bottle was in our room, courtesy of the hotel! We had also requested two connecting rooms, as our sons and girlfriend were along on the trip. The hotel had stated they would do there best but could not promise however, upon arrival, we foudn we had the connecting rooms. I had also reuqested that due to some construction, our rooms not be near the construction. Once agian, they did not fail us. We never heard or saw any construction from our room. There had been previous reviews commenting abt the lack of dresser draws and the connection ot the bathroom. Not a problem on both counts for any of us. The closet has many shelves for everyone. Although there is not a beach in front of the hotel, all you have to do is walk a few steps along the walkway (ocean side) and there is the beautiful waikiki beach! We had oceanfront rooms on the 9th flr and the first thing I did upon entering the room was open the sliding door ans step into the lanai and see the beautiful ocean! Nothing better than that. So many nights we would fall asleep with the sliding door open so we could hear the ocean waves and a little hawaiian music from the poolside entertainment. The entertainment was also great: the dancers, musicians, singers. One in particular, I think was called Ellsworth and we listened to him for hrs on a fri night. He was great. From our check in, when we were told mr  mrs teixeira, we've been expecting you to our check out (sadly) we had a terrific, beautiful stay! It was everything we had hoped it would be. If anyone is interested in staying in Wakiki, you should stay @ the Sheraton Waikiki-you will love it!!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>xbioman
<Content>Classic Waikiki Hotel The Sheraton Waikiki is one of the classic on the beach hotels in Waikiki. We stayed in an oceanfront room above the pool. The view was great and you get the added benefit of being able to watch and listen to the nightly poolside show from your lanai. This might be a negative for some, but the show is great for free. The after show singer in the poolside bar is pretty bad though, so you might want to close the door since he goes on through 10:30 every night.Breakfast was included in our stay and the buffet was good (not great). The atmosphere here is very relaxing though with a great view of the ocean and the surfers, etc. so it starts your day off in the right way. Location of the hotel is perfect as it is right in the middle of the Waikiki shopping area.The only down side is that the Royal Hawaiian next door is under rennovation so there is a little construction noise, but we were on the other side from it so it was not a big issue. Be careful if you book a Diamond Head view room though.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shiina
<Content>Nice job on renovation We had an oceanfront room on the top (31st) floor. The view was spectacular. The room itself was in very nice. This was not my first time staying there, but it was my first time since their renovation. I have to say I am glad they got rid of their previous tropical wallpaper in the hallways and went with something much more subdued and elegant. The room was decorated somewhat tropical, but not loud. I liked the bathroom sink which was stainless steel, and very deep, more resembling a bucket than the usual shallow porcelain sink.The new Waikiki Beachwalk shopping complex is right next to the hotel, the Royal Hawaiian shopping center (also renovated) right in front of the hotel, and sitting right on Waikiki beach, it was very convenient for shopping and dining out, and hitting the beach. The staff was friendly and very helpful in answering my questions from finding restaurants to eat at, to locating the restroom. We enjoyed our stay there and hated having to leave!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mjamesChicago
<Content>Best on the Beach Fantastic hotel in great location - no problems at all when stayed here on 2 different occassions. Would highly recommend.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lilajane20
<Content>I was so sad to leave the Sheraton Waikiki I just had a wonderful stay in a 19th-floor oceanfront room at the Sheraton Waikiki, which I moved to after a brief stay at the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani. This review will cover both. It amazes me that both of these are rated three stars. It's probably appropriate for the Princess Kaiulani. It's kind of outdated and without full ocean views since it's a block off the ocean, but I had really amazing service there. The Sheraton Waikiki is a beautiful place and I had an all-out wonderful stay. I came to Honolulu for work, and the rest of my colleagues stayed at the Westin Moana Surfrider. I decided not to stay there since it was nearly $500 a night. That seemed ridiculous when I could stay at the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani across the street for $160 a night. From the reviews here, I knew it wasn't on the ocean and was somewhat run-down but decided to stay there any way since it would be so convenient to the Moana Surfrider. My two nights there were fine. The staff was very nice and catered to all my needs. But I had walked by the Sheraton Waikiki and longed for one of the oceanfront rooms and the oceanfront pool so I could feel more like I was on a luxurious beach vacation, even if it was a working vacation. This was the weird part -- I went into the Sheraton Waikiki and asked them when they had availability and the best price they could give me. It was a Friday night, and they said they could get me in on Monday for $230-something a night. But when I went back to my room, I went onto spg.com and found they had oceanfront rooms for $199 a night starting Sunday. Strange. But once I called the Princess Kaiulani desk and asked to leave, they were very nice about refunding the rest of my stay and I booked the Sheraton Waikiki online. The day I was supposed to move -- Sunday -- I got a frantic call about a work emergency at 5 a.m., and I literally had to throw on my clothes and run out the door and was taken to the other side of the island. I wasn't able to get back until late that night, and had no chance get back to check out. But I had a nonrefundable room waiting at the Sheraton Waikiki, so I arranged for a colleague to go the Princess Kaiulani and pack up my room for me and check out. When I called the hotel to arrange to get her in the room, they wouldn't allow it since they said they had no way of verifying my identity over the phone. But the very accommodating guest services manager, Dennis McKibban, had someone pack up the room for me and take my suitcase to the front desk so I could retrieve it and check out that night. He was so wonderful, as were the rest of the staff at the hotel during my stay, that I felt like I shouldn't leave -- except I already had the nonrefundable reservation at the Sheraton Waikiki. And I was thrilled with my five-night stay there. Yes, the rooms are a little on the small side and have that folding screen to the bathroom that may not offer much privacy. But as a single traveler or even someone sharing with a spouse or person they are very close to, it's wonderful. The view to the ocean was panoramic, and sitting on the balcony and watching the waves crash as far as I could see melted all my stress away, even if I had to be working while I was doing it. I loved that I could even see the ocean from my bathroom. Others have complained there isn't a dresser, but there are plenty of shelves and hangers in the closet that I thought were even better. I loved the entertainment every night -- singing and dancing by the pool. I would often sit in my room with the balcony doors open so the sounds of the live music could come in the room. And if I wanted to sleep, I'd close the doors, turn on the air and wouldn't hear a thing. The one really valid complaint in my opinion that I see here repeatedly is the situation with the pool chairs. I counted one night from my room -- there are only about 125 chairs. And the hotel has more than 1,300 rooms. They could definitely fit a few more down there, and maybe it wouldn't be so bad if the second pool was open. The second pool was under construction when I was there. But the bigger problem is how many people try to reserve chairs by putting a towel and a personal item on them -- goggles or a t-shirt or newspaper or something. Many of those chairs would sit like that for hours, and other people would politely give up or sit on the ground. I didn't care what was sitting on a chair -- if no one was around using it, I just moved their stuff and took over the chair myself. That worked fine and I encourage other guests of this hotel to do the same thing. What would be better is if the hotel would have a little sign at the towel stand that said, No reserving chairs -- do not leave personal items behind and then periodically send one of the towel guys around to clear any belongings left behind and put them in a lost-and-found. That would save a lot of frustration from guests, and they would probably make more food and beverage sales if thirsty people were in the chairs instead of swim goggles. Finally, there also isn't much of a beach. But I bought an inflatable raft in the hotel gift shop for $2.99, used the air at the towel stand to fill it up, and every afternoon would take it out for a float on the ocean. It was so peaceful and wonderful -- my favorite part of the day. The worst part of my stay was packing to leave. I really was sad to do that, but hope to return one day with my husband.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>GeorgeFarris
<Content>Adrift in a Waikiki whale.       Welcoming green sea turtle sculpture. Photo by G.Z.H.Farris 漏2008  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	3	3	2	

<Author>whode
<Content>OK, but nothing special I recently stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki for 5 nights. Overall, it was OK, but not really special. I had booked it with Starwood points, so I can't comment on the overall value. I probably would stay somewhere else if I were to return to Honolulu (probably the Hilton Hawaiian Village) and had to pay for it.Our room was much larger than expected, but had a city view (the parking garage and the hotel next door, with maybe a 30 degree view of the ocean, which was nice). When I checked in, they said there were no upgrades available, despite being SPG Gold, so I asked at least for a room in a quiet location. They ended up putting us next to a room that was being renovated (lots of hammering and sawing during the day, but we weren't there during the day for the most part, so we lived with it since it wasn't worth the trouble to re-pack, move, and un-pack).The room was fine otherwise, although one other notable aspect is that it was at the end of a very long hall--this hotel is big. We definitely had to think twice about going back to our room between trips since it would take a full 10 minutes to get from the room to the parking garage (which was convenient , but cost $20/day). This is definitely a big hotel, but we didn't have any problems with elevator waits as some people had mentioned.In addition to some room renovations in the hotel, the entire Royal Hawaiian next door was also being renovated, as was the Sheraton's pool that was facing the Royal Hawaiian. This wasn't a big problem, except that the beach in front of the Royal Hawaiian (this is the beach you would use if you stayed at the Sheraton, since there's really only a sliver of beach at the Shertaon itself) was smaller than usual, because part of it was boarded off for the Royal Hawaiian renovations. The loss of the pool didn't really bother us either, since with Waikiki beach right there, we didn't really use the working pool anyway.For some reason, the public areas and hallways felt kind of stuffy/humid, like the AC wasn't running. At first, I just assumed this was just the way it was in Hawaiian hotels, but after visiting the Hilton Hawaiian Village I found that this wasn't always the case.So, the room wasn't bad, the renovations were an inconvenience but not a show stopper, and it was convenient to be able to take a short stroll to Waikiki beach. On the other hand, it's a large hotel and wasn't particularly luxurious, so it didn't seem that special to me, even though I can't quite put my finger on what it is that seems to detract from my overall impressions.I'd consider staying there again if I was using my Starwood points, but if I had to pay cash, I'd probably try a different hotel (like the Hilton Hawaiian Village). Even using points, I think I would try the Moana Surfrider or the Royal Hawaiian next time.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	3	2	

<Author>KHFan29
<Content>Sheraton Waikiki - AWESOME!!! LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION Stayed for 7 nights in late July 2008 and enjoyed the Sheraton Waikiki very much. All regular rooms are updated and they are working on refurbishing some suites. The rooms, as many have stated, are very nice with modern furnishings. We had a partial ocean view which faced the Halekulani hotel next door. Hotel has 10 elevators and we never waited more than 2 mintues for one. Room was a nice size due to the absence of a dresser. In its place, the closet is neatly organized with many cubbie holes for clothes. Bathrooms are small, but nice too! Maid service was spotty and that is why the docking one bullet hole. Maid service did not clean are room twice as scheduled and had to be called later in the afternoon to be cleaned.Must do's:-Buy the Entertainment.com Hawaii book before you go and SAVE, SAVE, SAVE!!!-Have a drink anyday 4-6, but especially Wednesday (all 50% off)at RumFire, really nice and a good thing to do on your arrival day before dinner.-Have dinner or appetizers and drinks at the Room Without A Key next door at the Halekulani. Exceptional waiter service and good food. We had the Spaghetti with meat sauce and the Chicken Ceasar, they even grilled the Chicken for my wife upon request.-Visit the Hula Grill, located in the Outrigger Waikiki right past the Pink Palace in front of Waikiki Beach between 4-6. They have 3.75 - 4.25 drink specials and an amazing Foccacia Chicken Sandwhich with fries for under $7.00. Many other discounted pupus as well, check it out. -Visit Duke's Barefoot Bar as many times as you can, the place is awesome and reasonably priced too. All times of the day, many drinks starting at $6.75. The atmosphere is top notch too, always packed and lots of happy people. Drinks are strong!!! Try the Tropical Itch and the Hawaiian Island Ice Tea!!!-Do all your shopping at the Int'l Marketplace right down Kalakaua Ave- Stop at Hanauma Bay and snorkel the day away, it is so beautiful. Take the #22 TheBus to get there. Parking is always full so heed the warning.-Check out the Kalakaua Ave nightime entertainment, they have a silver guy, a gold guy and the best of all the Newspaper machet guy! -Have the Sheraton concierge reserve you a convertible Mustang from the Budget rent a car located in the Hyatt Waikiki and drive up the shore past Diamond Head, Hanauma Bay, up to the North Shore. Make sure to check out Kailua Beach and Lanikai Beach right next door. Calm waters and you can rent a Kayak and go out to one or two islands. We went to flat island and it was incredible. Rented from a little shop before you get to Kailua Beach. Right next to a Shaved Ice shop, they wear yellow shirts. Very professional shop.-Stop and check out the Turtle Bay Resort, it is beautiful. They have their own coral reef, surfing on the other side and just amazing location. -Drive into Haleiwa and stop at Macky's world famous Shirmp Truck, you can't miss it. It is all the way through the town right next to a 7-11 store or if you come in down the middle of Oahu, it will be the first stop in Haleiwa. We had the Butter  Garlic Shrimp and the Fried Coconut Shrimp. The most amazing meal we had and we had some fancy one's too. About 8 fresh jumbo sized shrimp, freshly cooked, with two heaps of rice, fresh salad and a pineapple wedge. Yummy, I want to go back.-Watch the sunset in Haleiwa Beach after you eat at Mackey's and feast your eyes on the massive Mt. Ka'ala to the left and the beautiful Hawaii sunset straight ahead. Ahhhhhhh.......- Go Parasailing with Hawaiian Parasail - great group and you can get buy one get one free with the Entertainment.com Hawaii book.I can't say enough about our trip, but don't miss out. Feel free to contact me if you have any questions.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>firemaz
<Content>Bugs in the bathroom My family and I stayed here July 26- July 29. The hotel is on the beach, but is easy to drive by, as it is off the main street. Parking is $20 per day - something I was not aware of.The main problem was little roaches in the bathroom! Our first night I called down to the front desk to voice my concerns (after killing about 15 roaches that first day) and asked if they could spray my room. I was told we would have to be out of the room for at least 30 minutes. I asked if we could change rooms, and they said yes, but when I asked if the other rooms would also have bugs she said probably. She said the island is a marsh and they have a bug problem on the island. Growing up in FL and just having stayed in Maui before coming here, I can handle a bug here or there, but this was to much. Because it was so late, we stayed in our room and had them spray when we were gone on our second day. Didn't see anymore on our 2nd day, but I killed about 5 of them in the bathroom on the 3rd day! We even saw them in the lobby of our floor, while waiting for an elevator!Bugs aside, I liked that they offered free entertainment each night around the pool. Their location is ideal for walking around the area. They offer different price points for food for everyone. The lobby is nothing special and seems to be stuck in the 70s.Our room was a recently renovated room and not up to my family's standards. The beds were not great, the linens were not nice, the blankets were pilling up, and the comforters were tired. The lack of furniture in the room was puzzling. The view was nice from the 19th floor, but the balcony was so close to the others.I used my starpoints to stay here and feel like I wasted them. I should have tried harder to stay at the Westin down the street.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>radio71
<Content>Fantastic views and location       Front of the hotel  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>L222
<Content>Beautiful hotel       View from our balcony  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Spaceman58
<Content>Pretty good...I guess..... We booked this hotel through expedia for a July 2008 stay. Prior to booking early in the year, we checked tripadvisor to see how it stacked up. Back then it rated a little higher than it does now. I want to like it more than we did, but I guess it was the intangibles that left me feeling like we could have chosen a better place.Technically, there were no problems at all. We checked in quickly with no issues. But somehow this Sheraton left me feeling cold and empty. What was it? Maybe it was the little things.First, we had a little trouble finding the place - it is actually hidden off Kalakaua Avenue. Second, the number of guests in the entryway and lobby is staggering - we've never seen so many people at a single hotel. And what is it about that lobby? Took me several days to figure out that they must have replaced all their lighting fixtures with flourescent lights with a cold, bluish tint. Totally uninviting.Our ocean-front room was tiny, with no dresser and minimal furnishings. The bed, however, was excellent and very comfortable.There were 10 elevators and usually the wait was minimal.The beach area was just okay....with the Royal Hawaiian under complete renovation next door, the beach area felt confined. The sand was slightly rocky and rough on the feet. The pool is fine. Ourview of Diamond Head was great, and we watched sea turtles feeding right off the beach from our balcony every evening.They have live entertainment every night poolside, which might keep you up if you are still stuck on mainland time. Bring earplugs.This Sheraton is okay, but somehow we didn't love it, and it was not the highlight of our trip through the islands. Compared to the price of the Moana Surfrider, the Sheraton was definitely a bargain. But you might be happier at the Outrigger or the Hotel Renew.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>wanderlust333
<Content>Most Horrific Experience       Dirty Pool  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Travelguy1972
<Content>Crowded, small rooms, under renovation Just spend the 4th of July weekend at the Sheraton. Was there 4 nights. This hotel is currently being renovated, so there is some construction going on. When we checked in, there was a paint smell in the corridors, with plastic on the carpets. When we closed the door, we heard drilling and sawing, so we requested another room. 11 floors lower, there was still renovation, so we gave up and just lived with it. I still don't understand why hotels don't close off floors of hotels to renovate them, but I guess they tried to fill it up since their Pink Palace hotel next store is completely closed. The rooms are small, but renovated. You can tell the hotel is old (built probably in the 60s) as there are little things like painted over rusty door hinges, and older bathtubs, etc. Otherwise, things are mostly new. The bed was soft and bouncy, but the pillows were lumpy. The duvet cover was too hot, so we got rid of it. Their was little privacy on the balconies, in fact we had peeping toms peer into our room from the balcony next door. Also, there were pigeons all over the place.The shutters in the bathroom allowed for little privacy (small cracks allowed you to look right in and see someone on the toilet), so if you are going with a friend or family, you may want to use the public bathroom. Overall, the bathroom was extremely small. Tiny pool. Tons of kids. Overcrowded. Not enough lawn chairs. Our iron didn't work, so we requested a new one. The maid service was good and changed the sheets when we requested.The hotel was swamped with tons of people, and it often took forever to get an elevator. There were swarms of Japanese tourists as far as the eye could see, but that's just Honolulu for you. After having been to Honolulu a few times, there is not a lot of flavor or culture that you get when you travel somewhere more exotic. I won't be back.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SUZIELOU
<Content>Excellent location - a great place to stay!!!       Waikiki beach  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>courteliz
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Location My husband and I just came back from 10 days in Hawaii. We split our time between Oahu and Maui. The Sheraton Waikiki in Oahu is a nice hotel. Its in a great location in downtown Waikiki. The rooms are remodeled and well kept. I will say the shutters that open from the bathroom into the living area are a little strange. Its okay to stay their with your husband or long time partner. But, if sharing with a friend or a new romance I wouldn't recommend it. The privacy is somewhat limited. The hotel has quite a few places to chose from for dining. The pool area is also very nice. While we were there only the large pool on the ocean was open. You had to get down early to get a chair (similiar to cruising) but it was nice once you were there. THere is not much of a beach at the Sheraton. A small sliver north of the large pool area but we actually found that much less crowded then the rest of Waikiki to the south. Everything in Waikiki is pricey but I thought for what the Sheraton charges, they delivered. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Pharmatraveler
<Content>Sheraton Waikiki wasn't worth it.... We (a family of four) have just returned from a week at the Sheraton Waikiki and was disappointed. The hotel has a great location and good staff, but it currently has so many little issues that make it not worth the stay. First, it is crowded and it can take upto 15 minutes just to get an elevator to the lobby. They have only one tiny pool facing the ocean due to renovations at the sister hotel next door. Forget about getting a chair! They also have no covered or grass space also because of the situation.They do have a nice beach down the way with a place to get a chair if you show your room key, so kudos to them for that, but NO umbrellas, so you just bake. No food or water available. They also do have a nightly show that was fun. Food selection was good and prices were $$, but that was to be expected. We also did have a small mini fridge in the room, but no desk to work at. Room TV was newer flat screen and medium sized.We caught the maid washing out the room coffee pot and glasses in our sink. I thought 60 minutes was joking about this practice! Needless to say we didn't use them again. Also, the room alarm clock didn't work.Overall I would say this is not the best hotel for the money except for location, but then again, there are many hotels on Waikiki.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>kdlOklahoma
<Content>Great Views Amazing ocean front view. Rooms are a bit small with no dressers for putting your clothes away. Two double beds instead of queen beds. The balconies don't offer much privacy, as you can actually reach out and touch the people on either side of you.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>oleh-oleh
<Content>Very Nice hotel with a good location We stayed there for 6 nites on Feb 2008.We love it. The location is very good. It's so closed to the Waikiki Beach and the shopping centers. The room is so nice and clean.The service is good. They have free entertainment too. Their staff are so nice, we arrived almost 11pm and they upgraded our room to front ocean view.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>kadelia
<Content>Nice stay at just a nice hotel       view from balcony  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>SassyMag
<Content>Memorable Experience! Our Sassy Magazine teen board members and staff had an incredible time at the Sheraton Waikiki Hotel. The teen board worked very hard all school year long giving back to the community and fundraising for the end of the year weekend bonding for one last time. The staff were so very accommodating to all our 14 teens and they had a blast!The hotel is located in the center of the Waikiki action and the teens were able to shop, go to the beach and just have a great time together.Overall, the teens and staff had a memorable weekend and will cherish it forever in their hearts.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nymark2
<Content>Overpriced - walls are too thin, slow elevators I just got back from a week long stay at the Sheraton Waikiki. I feel obligated to let others know about my experience since this was my first trip to Hawaii, and since it is fresh on my mind.1) The Hotel is big. In fact, it is so big that it takes a long time to get an elevator. I was on the 15th floor and got very frustrated waiting all of the time for packed elevators.2) The walls are very thin. I heard everything in my neighbor's rooms and the hallway. The maids are very loud and up early making noise. This is by far my biggest complaint.3) The bathroom has shutters on the front wall (the mirrors over the sink) that fold to open it up to the rest of the room, like a breakfast bar. It may be okay for married couples, but if you need privacy, it's not good!4) There is no sand beach in front of the hotel. Not a big deal since the pools are nice and you can easily get to the beach next door at the Royal Hawaiin.5) There are many Japanese tourists that stay there. It is obviously one of their favorite hotels. They stand in large groups with tour guides. They are everywhere.6) The Sand Bar at the pool and the hotel restaurants are not near as nice as some of the other Hotels. Not a big problem other than convenience. I spent most of my time at the Moana Surfrider bar by the pool which is much nicer. Also check out Duke's restaurant two doors down at the Outrigger hotel. Great brunch buffet.7) The location is good. It is right on the main street surrounded by restaurants and a lot of very high end stores (Coach, Hermes, Tiffany's, etc.). Safe area.8) There are no dresser drawers in the room. The closet has open shelves to store your clothes.In Summary, I got this hotel at a discounted rate, so I cannot complain too much. However, I wouldn't pay the full rate - not worth it. If you are going to spend this much, try the Moana Surf rider or Outrigger. It is big, the location is good and the renovated rooms are clean. However, during my walking, I that there are alot of nice hotels that are not right on the beach in Waikiki that are probabably alot less expensive and just as nice.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>ChicagoRory
<Content>Wow! We booked this hotel through a conference we were attending. We were a little bit anxious, as some Sheraton properties can be so/so... but this was wonderful! The hotel was well-kept, with a nice lobby and pool area. The room was fantastic... clean, comfortable bed, amazing view. We had an ocean view on the 2 2nd floor, and all you could see was ocean. Spectacular! The shutters over the bathroom sink were endlessly amusing... I've never showered and gazed at the ocean at the same time. The only thing that was less than perfect would be the beach... there's none to speak of in front of the hotel, so you have to go a few doors down to get a nicer stretch of Waikiki. And the pool is a bit small for such a huge hotel (and no hot tub!). No big deal, unless you're there for a beach vacation. Also, parking is $20/day. No different than other resorts, but annoying nonetheless, especially since the parking garage wasn't the most user-friendly in the world.But in the end, everything went flawlessly, from start to finish. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Waikiki. Also, the restaurants are actually quite good. They are insanely overpriced, as is everything on Waikiki, but the food is actually pretty good. Room service, also, was quite delicious. If you're interested in a cheaper, but still delicious meal, consider the Shorebird just down Waikiki.. lots of food, minimal strain on the wallet.Overall, it was a fantastic experience.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>renotahoe
<Content>Great Hotel       The view from our room  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MattNY
<Content>Pretty good - hate the bathroom So, on our honeymoon to Hawaii, since we had to fly in and out of Honolulu, we decided to spend 4 nights in Waikiki and chose the Sheraton because it's one of only a few hotels right on the beach.Pros:Newly renovated rooms were clean and there was a flat screen tv on the wall.We had an oceanview room with a view of both the beach and Diamond Head. Nice upgrade.Very, very good staff - helpful, friendly, professional.Very comfortable bed - very.Cons:Hated the new bathroom. In exchange for the ability to open the wall (accordion-style) to get a view of the ocean while showering (partially sheer shower curtain), it allowed for all sounds from the bathroom into the room. Let's just say that it wasn't a mystery whether it was a #1 or a #2. Romantic.Too many kids/families. Not what one wants on their honeymoon.No club level.Room is small overall - not overly generous in size.No dressers - shelves in closet for stuff.Pools are small - very small - supposedly they're going to redo the entire setup over the winter.Overall, not a bad hotel, but not honeymoon material. If you are going to be in Honolulu, you could do a ton worse, but if you're on your honeymoon, skip the circus that is Honolulu/Waikiki.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rhodeweary
<Content>big resort with plusses and minuses This is a big resort with a spectacular location and amenities that are good enough to keep it competitive.Pros: location (on the beach, in the epicenter of Waikiki) meant there were tons of folks around. There's a real buzz to the place, even if it's a bit manufacturered, centered around shopping and contrived resort activities. It's a big hotel with every possible service - but with big hotel wait times, long lines and high fees. None unexpected or inconsistent with other places, but the sheer size and number of people meant a wait at every turn. Felt very Disneyesque in that respect. I'd come here for business, not a romantic getaway. Scored a (renovated) room with a balcony with a spectacular view of Diamond Head. I'd been disappointed if I hadn't. Ingredients food outlet was A+ ... self service really, really good pizzas and breakfast sandwiches with very nice staff ...Cons: ... but long lines. I got tired of waiting for everything. No recognition of my platinum status (no newspaper, for example). Furnishings are new but not really comfortable, except the bed. Housekeeping wasn't as thorough, as I'd hoped, leaving coffee cups and such on the balcony.I'd stay again for business, unquestionably. It's a safe choice, a solid choice, but not an interesting or memorable one.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>68DodgeDart
<Content>Not bad. Too much Feng Shui       Our room  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	5	-1	1	

<Author>pengysan
<Content>Decent, newly renovated Not bad for a Sheraton which can be rundown sometimes. This one was recently renovated and was pretty clean. Accessible to beach, in the heart of Waikiki, a decent value. Staff friendly and accommodating.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>blackburn77
<Content>Nice but average... I'll preface this review as it's very much influenced by my overall view of Waikiki which was...average. Granted, it's beautiful...but so are a lot of other places. My biggest disappointment w. this hotel was the unhelpful concierge staff who had no suggestions nor were very courteous. Overall, I found the hotel staff to be overall pretty non-friendly and SLOW. The hotel is nice (sans the elevators) and the balconly views are spectacular...and I liked the beach bar very much...But I feel location, beach and hotel bars are pretty much on par as long as you stay in the same strip. And if you enjoy chain restaurants and a commercial setting, this is the place to be. Thus, I think it's a safe bet but I strongly suggest you rent a car and escape waikiki for the day and explore the island...There is so much more to be seen and enjoyed outside the commercial zone of Waikiki. And economically, ABC stores are on every corner; visit there before paying $20 for breakfast and $5 for a bottle of water. Aloha -  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ktk1005
<Content>Best view on Waikiki Beach!       View from room #1942 -- Wow!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>donnalynns2
<Content>Absolutely loved it! We just returned from a 5 night stay at the Sheraton Waikiki. There were 7 girls - 3 cousins (well over 39...) and our daughers (ages 26-31). We had one suite and 2 other rooms, all with ocean view balconies. The rooms were lovely and the view couldn't be beat. This trip to Honolulu, Hawaii was a first for all of us. The location of the hotel was perfect. Close to fabulous shopping and the Waikiki nightlife. The beach is right there. Restaurants are great. We especially enjoyed The Sand Bar where we ate most of our lunches. Ingredients has wonderful breakfast panninis. We booked all our activities through the Tours and Activities desk at the hotel. The tour staff was knowledgeable and friendly and they helped us book most of our actvities before we arrived via email and telephone. In fact, the entire staff of the hotel was courteous and friendly. The hotel it self was lovely and absolutely spotless. We can all hardly wait to return.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JerseyJ24
<Content>Paradise in Hawaii Positives: Location of the hotel is second to none in Waikiki. Staff was very helpful and competent. Oceanview room was something straight from any brochure. If your looking for relaxation or adventure, it can be obtained at this hotel. Something for all ages.Negatives: Not much of a beach. Better off swimming in the Pacific because the pools are very small. Even the most basic shopping needs are WAAAAAAY overpriced ($3.20 for a 20oz. bottled water at the hotel store). Better brush up on your Japanese because they have the run of the place.In all, we had a great vacation, but it was more an attribution to our activities and excursions than the hotel in and of itself. Still, the room was very adequate. King size bed was clean and comfortable. Balcony was scenic. Even the air conditioner was set so that when you shut the balcony door, it automatically kicks on.If you're the shopping type, be prepared to watch your money fly or credit cards smoke because Waikiki is set at a hefty price.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>SunCat3
<Content>Not spectacular, but not disappointing either We stayed at the Sheraton as part of a group of out-of-town hotel guests for a local wedding. The group rate they arranged ($150) was fantastic for the location especially since we were all upgraded to oceanview rooms. Waikiki is not my type of beach in that it is narrow, crowded, and overdevelopped but I was a little disenchanted that the hotel was not right on the sand. It is right next to the beach, but it doesn't have a beach of its own since the pool deck and walkways are built out right into the waves. This wasn't a big deal at all since the walk to the sand is about 1 minute, but I just think potential guests should know this ahead of time.The pros: the gorgeous bathroom which had obviously been recently renovated, the quality of the shampoo/soap products, the lack of minibar items in the refrigerator so that we could comfortably refrigerate our own things, the live music at the poolside openair Sand Bar. In fact, we slept with our lanai doors open every night so that we could fall asleep to the music and awake to the sound of the waves.The cons: basically, the lobby floor... from the front desk always seeming to lack staff, to the cheesy decor which looks like it is out of a 70's era children's aquarium with coral colors and fake underwater sea life, to the trendy bar RumFire while fun looking is unpleasantly loud and expensive at night (and the drinks are much worse than across the pool at the Sand Bar), and finally the unnecessarily upscale boutiques in the lobby where no one shopped because they were so obviously overpriced and unimaginative.Overall I would say the pros certainly outweighed the cons for me, but it obviously depends on how much hotel service one expects. There is plenty right around the hotel by ways of services that easily makes up for the lack of them right onsite. But at the same time, there was not much special about the hotel so if you are looking for a unique experience, look elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>beacho
<Content>Sheraton Waikiki is a great location, if your on the right floor! The Sheraton Waikiki is in a great spot!. Right on Waikiki beach with a great view of Diamond Head. The hotel bar is right on the water and is a great place to watch sunsets. be warned though, the beach in front of the hotel is a small patch of sand. You have easy access to a large beach in front of the neighboring property. The hotel itself is set up from an ocean break wall. the seaside pool is small and quickly fills with guest. There is a side pool that is small but maybe better if your looking for a quite spot. the problem i had with the hotel was the 8th floor where i stayed. Some hotel floors are being remodeled. unfortunately, the 8th floor was right smack dab in the middle of a remodel. There was construction equipment everywhere and d茅cor was still old. also, my room faced the north west and was not an ocean front or ocean view room. the problem was at 2am, there was a bus from the airport that parked on the ground floor beneath my room. It made a loud beeping noise that awoke me every morning. If you stay here, pay the extra money for an ocean front or ocean view room.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	1	4	4	4	

<Author>Kinderteacher4
<Content>Great Location on Waikki       Wedding 2nd floor  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>wine4et
<Content>Large mega hotel, make sure you get a renovated room I booked an oceanfront oversized room using points. I got to my room and found I was sring at the hotel next door. If I looked to the side of the balcony I could see the ocean. A partial view in my opinion. I went back to the desk and they told me they would offer me a suite but be warned it was a room that had not yet been renovated.I went up to the room 2702 on the 27th floor. What I found was a room with stunning killer views with 2 balconies. the room had 2 couches, a dinette table, a TV stand and a desk. Half of the furniture was dark wood, the other half white wash. both couches reminded me of the fist sofa you had in your first apartment that had been handed down a few times. The door to the bathroom made so much noise when it moved we left it open.We decided to stay because it was only 3 nights and the view was outstanding. From the bedroom balcony you could se down the beach to Diamond head. From the living room balcony you could see miles towards the airport.We were about 30 ft from the ocean. If I were to throw a rock it would have landed in the ocean. We usually could see 2-3 sea turtles every day. Sun sets were sensational.The hotel is a nice BIG hotel. the hotel is very populoar with the Japanese. The food service is limited but was good. One night we had tappas by the pool and watched a mini version of a lua. They had dancers and a guy with fire. I liked it. It was free and shorter than a normal lua and the food was better.The pool is small for the size of the hotel so get there early if you want a chair. We always went to the beach.One night for dinner we went to the Outrigger on the reef and ate at Ocean house. Excellent Prime rib and seafood and you could walk there on the beach. very cool.The hotel was ok but after 5 days in Kauai this was culture shock. I am not into big mega properties like this in Hawaii. Give me me any island but Oahu.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>jwilbourn
<Content>Great Place Stayed at Sheraton last may and though I did not write a review at that point I felt compelled to respond after reading the negative posts here. This place is unbelievable. Friendly and accomodating staff. Lei greeting upon arrival. Upon check in the receptionist noticed the cigarettes in my stepfathers shirt and asked if he wanted a smoking room (didnt even realize they had smoking rooms) The rooms were beautiful, modern and clean. Had an unbelievable view down Waikiki Beach to Diamond Head. As for the elevators, never had a problem waiting. No different than any other elevator in the world. Since we brought our parents this was a great place since there was always entertainment at the pool overlooking the ocean, as well as steps to shopping. This allowed my boyfriend and I to leave and do more active things without feeling they were going to be stuck in a hotel room. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel. Great location, great people, and beautiful hotel. Reading some of the posts here make me wonder if these people would be better off staying home. It is unfortunate that people come to this site and have to spend a ton of time trying to weed through the negativity, I want to know when a hotel is not up to standards and it is difficult when you realize the pettiness of some. Note on things to do on Oahu...if the crowds get to you, check out the Buddhist Temple, beautiful and quiet spot on the island. The pictures you see dont do it justice. Enjoy your vacation,  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bookfreak55
<Content>Definitely a mixed bag The entrance and other public areas are beautiful, but I found our room rather stark and unwelcoming. The room was clean, but two lamps needed new bulbs, and the design choices for the bathroom sink and faucet were poor ones. If the water was on more than a trickle, it shot back up from the bottom of the sink and sprayed everything. If you had it at a trickle, it ran back down the faucet and made puddles all over the countertop. There are no drawers in the room, just a cubicle system in the closet which took up quite a bit of the closet space.The Ingredients restaurant makes excellent sandwiches at a reasonable price (for Waikiki); we didn't try either of the other dining options, as we weren't there for other meals. It is nicely-located if you want to shop the high-end stores in downtown Waikiki--you can walk to all of them. There are also shuttle shops very nearby.The desk staff wasn't fully on the ball. They collected the wrong coupons when we checked in, so I had to go back down and fix that, and they gave us some incorrect paperwork back. The concierge on duty was useless. We asked him about two things (how to get somewhere, and where at the hotel did our shuttle service for the airport pick up), and he had no idea what to tell us for either one. Compared to the Hawaiian standard, we found the staff to be much less welcoming and helpful than usual.It was OK for just two nights (we only spent a day in Honolulu so we could see the attractions at Pearl Harbor), but I'd never want to stay longer at this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>GlobeTrotter345
<Content>Beutiful Hotel       Balcony  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>KelownaGirl_78
<Content>Would go back in a heartbeat!! My best friend and I went to Honolulu at the end of January 2008. Booked all 9 nights at the Sheraton Waikiki and loved it! In our opinion the location was by far the BEST on the beach. We ended up with an Ocean View room which was absolutely breathtaking!! All night we could hear the waves crashing on the beach - it was so awesome! We loved laying by the pool and taking in the Hawaiian music and entertainment at sunset. The beach was just a few steps away and so beautiful! The staff there were very friendly and very helpful whenever we had questions. Walking distance to tons of stores and restaurants - we just loved it. Will definitely stay at the Sheraton Waikiki when we go back to Honolulu for sure!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>corky_c
<Content>I loved this hotel My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki for our 3rd trip to Oahu.They upgraded us to an ocean view room on one of the recently renovated floors. The room was very spacious and nicely decorated. The front desk staff were very friendly and it only took us a few minutes to check-in (and chek-out). The hotel is in an excellent location and within walking distance to everything Waikiki has to offer.The hotel has an activity centre where you can book anything and everything you want to do. The staff there were very helpful. They booked golf for us at Turtle Bay and also helped us book a car. We didn't have to worry about organizing anything, just went there, told them what we wanted to do and they sorted it all out.I will definitely stay at this hotel again next time I'm in Oahu.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IllinoisHawaiifan
<Content>Loved Everything about this hotel Easy check-in, welcoming staff.Fabulous view of Waikiki Beach and Diamond Head.Great coffee shop - ate several of our meals there.Room was very clean and modern and beautiful.Airport shuttle availability was greatly appreciated.Lovely grounds.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelswithmimi
<Content>Paradise in Paradise We vacation in Hawaii every year and especially like Waikiki for the entertainment and activities for our grandchildren (tots and teens). We have stayed in many hotels and have finally found PARADISE! I can't imagine why this hotel is not in the top ten! As we surfed the web for a hotel last fall we ran across a fantastic rate at the Sheraton and grabbed it right away. Upon checking with TripAdvisor we were then hesitant because it was not the highly rated hotel we hoped. Well, I think it is the best!We booked a city view room and were offered an upgrade to ocean front for an extra fee we thought was very reasonable. When we arrived the check-in was smooth and we were greeted with an orchid lei. Our grandson was given a candy lei so he was delighted as well.When we saw our room we were stunned by the beautiful view and the design of the room allows the view to be seen everywhere, even in the shower and bathroom. We were able to see the pool below and enjoyed sitting on the balcony enjoying the show in the evening. The bed and linens are so comfortable.The service was great from housekeeping to security. Although the hotel was rather full we were never waiting for an elevator for more than a minute or two. We used the convenience store in the lobby more than once and kept our fridge stocked with fruit juice and goodies for breakfasts in our room.Okay....here's our favorite thing! There is a little strip of sandy beach that is used pretty much by only the Sheraton and the Halekalani next door. There is very little walk through traffic and every day we spent our time swimming, snorkeling and enjoying the seclusion....we could hardly believe we were in Waikiki! Our daughter could sit on her balcony while our grandson slept and see the rest of us below at the beach.There are a couple of turtles that hang around the sea wall and we saw them every day. On our last day there my husband waded out to see them closer and as he visited with other onlookers he was surprised when one of the turtles swam right up to him and surfaced just a couple of inches from him. It was awesome! Apparently the turtles are there all the time.We are already booked for a return this fall and we are bringing all the grandchildren. We will go for the upgraded ocean front but the mountain and city view are nicee too! There is a Kids pool that is just perfect for the younger ones and one night a week they show a family movie while swimmers float in the pool and watch.Its our little peice of paradise in paradise.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Quality_Queen
<Content>what's happened to the Sheraton? Normally you can be safe staying at a Sheraton..not the case here!!! Read the review Paging Det. Steve McGarrett....this is spot on. Took 20 min to go from floor 11 to ground in the lift. Full of people, following other people. The pool is tiny and overall not worth the hassle. The food is terrible and I have no idea what the scrambled eggs are made of. The rooms have been updated, but still way below 5star standard. This place is stale, pale green and very old. Our first night, we were unable to sleep due to the guy next door watching very loud porn. I would rate this hotel a 3 star. In the evening there was a constant smell of BBQ , this is from the hotel chimney next door. I am very happy now I am at the Westin Maui. Do yourself a favour and avoid this place....Even my husband couldn't handle this place and he's the last person to complain.Try the Westin down the road....  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	1	2	2	

<Author>Nicmacco
<Content>What a great surprise! Booked this hotel at the back end of our Kauai trip for just 3 nights. I was actually really surprised by what a great time we had! I HATE convention hotels since I always go to them for work, but this actually had a great vacation feel to it! We immeidiately got a lei greeting in check-in and my 2 year old got a baby lei full of candy/sunglasses, etc. It is overwhelming with all the shops and I first didn't like that, but it was so great to go buy milk, champagne, flipflops, bandaids, all right downstairs, so I ended up loving it! We booked the nights through Starwood points, we check in to an upgraded room which was beautiful, a bit on the small side which freaked me out with my 2 year old. It was pro bowl and when I got back to dinner, our neighbors in the adjoining room were partying so loud I called the front desk right away to at least get me a fan to drown out the noise, or switch me rooms because we were going to have a problem. I could hear everything and I am sure they wouldn't appreciate my 2 year old screaming as well. THey offered me an unrenovated suite which would be way more quieter for my 2 year old. I couldn't believe it, it was awesome! Oceanfront, even better views than before. It ended up being my favorite part of the entire Hawaiin vacation! We had two balconies, incredible sunset views, it was amazing. Another surprise was the great pool/patio scene. We stayed at the Surfrider before, and visited every pool up/down Waikiki and our hotel had the best environment! Plus, there is a turtle that lives right there at the ocean wall and when you swim, he basically comes right up to you! That was amazing!! Their new restaurant Rum Fire food was absolutely excellent! Best food in Hawaii! I thought it was even tastier than Nobu. The only problem, we ate at the fire pits outside because the setting was so beautful, but the services was painfully slow. So, just be aware of that. Otherwise, I would recommend it. At the Waikiki Parc hotel nextdoor, is Nobu. That was awesome too!! You can tell the hotel is slowly finishing their upgrades, but what has been done so far is really cool. If we go to Oahu I would definitely book here again! Great trip, good service and I was soooo sad to leave!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AgentJim
<Content>Central Location convenient to waikiki Good central location average hotel. This hotel is a decent choice if you need to find a slightly above average hotel on Waikiki beach. The breakfast buffet is above average. Get an ocean view toward Diamond head is worth it. The room was typical tropical floral. Okay hotel if you want to stay on the beach and on a budget. I doubt its where we would stay again, but once you have been to Oahu I see no reason to return when there is Maui or Kaui or the BIG island.Tips: rent a convertible, go To Michele's for a romantic dinner. Watch all the people on Kalakaua Ave as you will see some strange things come out after dark. Good Hotel for LARGE groups.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>771323
<Content>Hotel Sheraton Waikiki was a nice Hotel, good staff, over all it was what you get at all the Sheratons but over christmas time you have to get up at 5 in the morning to get a chair by the pool.Staff don't care if people have 10 chairs and only use one or two.I like to sleep in but not in this Hotel.Left this Hotel after 12 night, then 10 nights on Pride of Aloha ( don't go on this lazy ship, its like a 2 star Hotel ) then 3 night at the Marriott Waikiki Resort  Spa 10/10.Hundreds of chairs. Great staff.Food was 10/10 at both Hotel ( didn't eat on the ship )  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rjlovestotravel
<Content>Paging Det. Steve McGarrett. Paging Det. Steve McGarrett.       Ain't Hawaii beautiful?  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Honey08
<Content>Paradise My Children ages 10 and 12 plus my husband and I were very impressed with the hotel and the view from our 16th floor room. As my husband put it, it's just like the postcards you see. The view was breath taking, the hotel room was more than what we ever could imagine. It was clean and we always had clean towels.Our first day we had to order room service, we were very impressed on how prompt they were and how they wanted to please us. The food was very good as well, my compliments to the chef.We also loved that you could rent surf boards on the beach as well as get one on one instruction. This was one of the best things for my son to experience. We loved the beach and how close it was to get to and from it even when you need a cocktail. The pool staff was very friendly and always willing to help you out with instruction on how to get something you needed. I loved looking around at the shops located right in the hotel. It had something for everyone. I appreciated the part where you could also charge it to your room or pay for it on the spot. This came in handy when you didn't want to carry cash with you. Overall I thought that this hotel offered something for everyone. My kids also took Hula lessons at night when we were watching the pool side entertainment, while we enjoyed the seafood and prime rib buffet. We had a blast and would not hesitate a bit on coming back. Thank-you to everyone for the great holiday experience.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Dad-with-2-kids
<Content>Very Good Hotel But Not For Families I was at the Sheraton Waikiki solo for a week-long conference after Thanksgiving. If I were rating it simply as a business hotel, I'd give it four stars, but as a family hotel, I'd give it only three stars. When I come back to Waikiki with the family, I'll likely look elsewhere.  The hotel is upscale and expensive, the service as friendly as you'd expect in Hawaii, and adult and business amenities very good. But there seems to be no place even to take a family to eat on the property. The restaurant on the 30th floor is very upscale, and even the restaurant that is oceanside only offered a thirty dollar buffet at 5 PM on a Tuesday. If you stay here, you probably have to take the kids to a food court that is across the street from the Sheraton or a MacDonalds a block away. The pools seemed smallish and not much else for the kids unless you enroll them in a daytime program. The four largest hotels on Waikiki are the Hilton Village, the Marriott Beachfront Resort, the Hyatt resort, and the Sheraton Waikiki. Each has 1200 to 3000 rooms. The Hilton, Hyatt,, and Sheraton all indicate they offer daytime children's programs, but I'd be tempted to bring the family to the Marriott because of its location. It is on the south (Diamond Head) end of Waikiki, only a block from the Honolulu Zoo, and near a major park, and the Aquarium. It is also a block from the local Catholic Church if you are inclined to go to Sunday Mass. The Hyatt is a few blocks further away from these, while the Sheraton is about a 15 minute walk, anfd the Hilton Village is way on the other side of Waikiki.  By the way, while there are no bargains on Waikiki, the Sheraton and Hyatt seem to run more expensive than the Marriott and Hilton Village. The Sheraton draws many conventions and conferences while the Hilton draws many tour groups. Of course, there are many smaller properties at Waikiki which are additional alternatives. Note the Sheraton is next to the historic Royal Hawaian Hotel which it owns. It is worth walking over to the pink-colored Royal Hawaian if only to take a look. In short, the Sheraton seems like a great place to go for a business conference, but not particularly suited for a family stay.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Spellspinner
<Content>a fabulous, relaxing experience Stayed 3 nights at the Sheraton Waikiki and loved every minute. The property is upscale without being oppressive; understated and relaxing. Bed was amazingly comfortable. Staff was friendly and helpful. Soaps and so forth all smelled good and seemed high quality. The pool area was way past outstanding -- WHAT a view! And the poolside entertainment was the best we experienced during our Hawaii trip. Truly great in every way. Breakfast at the Ocean Terrace was also outstanding. Room was large, clean and quite nice. Huge banks of elevators so you never had to wait too long for a lift. Big plasma TV in the room, wow. We were having too much fun to watch TV, but hey, it's the thought that counts. We liked the location better than the Reef on the Beach -- right next door to the Royal Hawaiian and amid all the upscale shopping; lots of nice walks around the hotel. We would definitely recommend the Sheraton Waikiki.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>k2kelley
<Content>mixed review here for convention, but being a Starwood Gold, did get a room upgrade to 30th floor, partial ocean view. Fast, efficient check in. However, this hotel is being rennovated, it would appear. Moved rooms after 3 nites due to party crowd next door to 24th floor. 30th was old carpet, wall paper coming off. 24th was very clean and nice!! Pool service was poor, breakfast options not great. Location is good, though slight walk to get to good beach which is in front of the Royal Hawaiin.Used the Concierge once, and she was wonderful, fun and accurate. Very crowded and had it not been for the convention, would have been outnumbered 9 to 1 by Asian crowd. I think there are better options in waikiki, but this hotel os ok.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	4	3	

<Author>eatsoup
<Content>Spectacular, breathtaking - Go Sheraton This is a well run, fast-paced hotel. There was a huge convention and lots of guests while we were there. However, we never had to wait for service or for an elevator. We stayed in a suite on the 24th floor. We had the most spectacular view of the ocean from one deck and the beach and the mountains from another porch. We were treated to views of sea turtles taking their late afternoon swim on more than one occasion. Our suite was very comfortable and roomy. The furniture was modern and well kept. The house keeping staff did an admirable job getting to work when we were out of the room. Each evening they came again to turn down the beds and to leave flowers and chocolate. Talk about special! We felt like royalty. There was always some kind of activity going on in the lobby. While we were there, an amazing sand sculpture of Santa Claus was created. We saw native Hawaiians carving totem pole faces. Each and every staff member we encountered was polite, caring and very helpful. We would return for another stay at the Sheraton Waikiki in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>krdavids
<Content>Right on Waikiki Beach We spent the first two night of our honeymoon at the Sheraton Waikiki and enjoyed every minute of it. From the minute we check in, we were provided with superior service. The bellhops, front desk attendant, concierge; all were great. We had a city view, which wasn't exactly breathtaking, but it wasn't a bad view either. The hotel is located right on Waikiki Beach, walking distance to dining, shopping, and entertainment. You walk out the back door and the ocean is right there, a few feet away. Pearl Harbor was a bit far ($40 in a cab). We would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OldOkie
<Content>Great views We stayed 3 days at the Sheraton and 3 days at the Hilton on Waikiki Beach. Both were very nice but I preferred the Sheraton. We had an ocean view room directly above the pool area. You could set on the balcony and enjoy a cool drink and watch and listen to the nightly poolside entertainment. Of course you could also go down to the pool. It is located right on the beach and also in the middle of many restaurants and shops, very close to the International Market area which was the reason we would pick it over the Hilton. Both are very nice.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>LouReid
<Content>Fantastic Luxury Hawaiian Hotel My husband and I had the first 9 nights of our honeymoon at the Sheraton Waikiki and it did not disappoint! We booked a city view room and got a free upgrade upon check in to a partial ocean view room as a honeymoon bonus. The room is a decent sized hotel room, not modern, but had a hawaiian theme which you're in Hawaii to experience anyway. The balcony size was really huge, and a partial or full ocean view is highly highly recommended, you would thank yourself while you're there for booking the view. The city view is nothing special but the beach sunsets and sunrises are just beautiful. The hotel is huge and it's facilities are great. It's pool is fantastic, right along the beach - the strange thing is people walk past all the time to get across to Waikiki beach and can have a look-see over at the pool and where everyones lounging around but after a day of that you're used to it. The pool water was freezing and it wasn't an overly huge pool but big enough. The poolside cafe was great for lunch/snacks and cocktails - must try the non alcoholic fruit cocktail! It was something else and very addictive! We had a buffet dinner at the hotel one night, on the steak and lobster night, this was the best meal we had throughout out whole honeymoon. It was also the most expensive but well worth it as you do get sick of the fatty, friend, artifical tasting american food and crave something healthy and normal. Staff are so friendly and are always saying Aloha, it was just such a wonderful stay, I have great memories and couldn't have enjoyed myself more. It's location is ideal too, right on waikiki beach so you can walk out straight onto the beach practically and right in the heart of honolulu to easy to get around to the shops and restaurants. Can't wait to go back here for the 10 year wedding anniversary!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>garyswilcox
<Content>Nice view, nice food, nice people - But NOT like it used to be . . . . We have been staying at the Sheraton Waikiki since 1971, just after it opened. We have stayed at other hotels in Honolulu, but we always seem to come back to this particular Sheraton. Overall, it鈥檚 a great place to stay, or I should actually say 鈥?It used to be a great place to stay. Here is what we like about the hotel: The majority of the rooms have now been updated with a whole new d茅cor. The view from an ocean front room is probably the best in Honolulu. The food at the Hanohano Room on the 30th floor is very good, but it鈥檚 not as good as in the past. However, the view from a window seat is incredible for any occasion. The staff is very friendly there and many have been there over 25 years. It鈥檚 close to everything and the nightly entertainment around the pool area is also great to see.Now for what we don鈥檛 like about this hotel: It鈥檚 extremely crowded, in fact on our recent visit from October 11th through October 18th, it was sold out. I鈥檇 say that 95% of the occupants are Asian. There are lots of weddings going on everyplace. We booked our reservations 6 months in advance for an ocean-front room on a higher up floor. But when we went to check in, we were told that our room was on the 6th floor and only had an ocean view instead. We could not get our room changed to what we originally booked for since the hotel was sold out. To say the least, we were NOT pleased at all with the way things were handled. I even asked for an upgraded room and said I would pay the extra, but even that was unacceptable with the management staff there that day. Overall, I can honestly say that after staying here for over 35 years, this was probably our very last visit to the Sheraton Waikiki. Next year they are planning a major renovation in which they may even close down for a couple of months. We enjoyed our stay here for so many years in the past, but this visit was not what we were expecting. With 1,695 rooms in the hotel, I鈥檓 still very upset that they treated us like they did and could not accommodate us as for the room that we booked 6 months in advance. Although the place is nice, it鈥檚 not like it use to be. The new d茅cor in the hallways is very blah as for as we are concerned. It used to be bright, very colorful and very lively, but not any more.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	1	5	3	

<Author>Dixiechick47
<Content>Wonderful Stay!!!! I had booked my stay through Expedia as a gift for my mothers 70th birthday. Now keep in mind my mother is a very fit 70 year old and never slow'sdown, so we were very busy. Everything about this trip was fantastic! I can not say enough good things about the staff at the Sheraton for all of the little things everyone from the front desk to the maintence man was helpful and always available when we called. The hotel is undergoing major remodeling but remains a very beautiful and grand hotel. Our rooms were the remodeled rooms,very spacious and the king size beds were excellant for a good nights rest. Our ocean front view was breathtaking and listening to the nightly hula girls and music was so much fun, I really did not want to leave for home. The location of this hotel is right downtown and you can walk everywhere to restarants and shops;so we never rented a car for in town driving. I look forward to our next stay here. By the way the beach and pool are at your fingertips!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>skyservicemiami
<Content>Choose Carefully Here I had stayed at this hotel prior to renovations and understood why it had a few kinks but my recent visit to the newly renovated hotel reveled more of the same with new paint. I had two rooms one for my elderly parents in which they didn't even have a chair to sit down on ! and my room as a platinum preferred guest upgrade room which was just a small step above my parents one with no chair. The rooms are poorly designed, the desk and stool is not designed for anything more than a quick sit, not to work at the desk. The sweet sleeper bed was not as it is in other properties and was very uncomfortable. I would have thought that this property was a flagship of the chain in Honolulu but not a chance. The visit was topped off by a mediocre breakfast buffet with a quality below the local Denny;s and not worth the price charged. If you are a Starwood regular, you will be disppointed!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>SPGryphon
<Content>Unexpected Upgrade       Ke Alaula Suite  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>tsgc2008
<Content>Great hotel, crowded location My wife and I stayed for five nights at the Sheraton Waikiki for a business conference, but it was mostly pleasure. I thought the hotel was fine and would probably stay there again if I had to go back to Waikiki. We took a side trip for 3 days to Maui after our stay here and enjoyed it much more. As far as the hotel, it was really nice. We had a good view of the beach and Diamondhead, the location was good with lots of shopping close by, although some of it is still under construction. The bed was comfortable, a nice balcony but uncomfortable chairs and if you sat down you couldn't see the ocean too well. It was surprising to see so many surfers out there at sunrise. Our last night we had drinks at the restaurant on the top floor which was nice. We never ate at the hotel, so can't comment on the food. Overall I would say it was a great hotel to stay at. As far as Honolulu and Waikiki, I don't think we'll visit there again. Too many people and hustle and bustle, and the beach is small and crowded. We did take a drive around to the north shore which was nice, but if I go to Hawaii again I'll visit the other islands but not return to Oahu.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>makamae04
<Content>nice! This place was everything I hoped it would be. The renovated rooms are very nice, clean, and modern. Loved the big flat screen T.V.! They had 2 pools, one for kids (wasn't as deep as the other). I also love how it's right on the beach and also behind the royal hawaiian shopping center, so the entrance was not right on the busy street. The hallways to the rooms are a little outdated, but who the heck cares? you don't sleep in the hallway, and I'm sure they'll get to that eventually. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jeanniepep
<Content>Beautiful views, nice service!       Beautiful open-air lobby at the Sheraton Waikiki  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>erinmdil
<Content>Much better than expected!!! We stayed here last week - and I was worried, as I had read some less-than-stellar reviews on this site and others. It was really very nice, not perfect, but really very nice.I thought it was a great location - right in the middle of Waikiki - within walking distance of everything between the HIlton Hawaiian Village and Diamond Head. There is some construction going on at the mall/shopping center that is in front of it, but its not too bad. There are 2 or 3 ABC stores close by and plenty of places to eat.One big problem - there is not really anywhere in the hotel to get a simple or inexpensive meal - except the the bar, which is really just a bar menu and not really appropriate for children. For breakfast, the main restaurant had a buffet at $21 per person. Other than a cart with coffee and pastry, that was it in terms of selection for breakfast. We ended up walking to Denny's almost every morning - something on site would have been nicer.Back to the location - steps to one of the best beaches in Honolulu - there isn't really a true beach in front of the hotel, but the one in front of the Royal Hawaiian, which is right next door, is great. Clean sand, clear water and turtles almost every afternoon.We stayed in one of the renovated rooms - very nice - but a few folks in our group stayed in some of the rooms not yet renovated - and they weren't very nice. Another bad - the floor below ours was being renovated during our stay - so we had to put up with very loud construction noise during the day - during my son's nap time. Also, both my husband and I are SPG Gold - and it really didn't do anything for us in terms of upgrades. Check in was a long, drawn out process as was check out. I just don't understand why Starwood can't make this an easier and faster deal. Everyone on staff was super nice - housekeeping and the front desk especially.Both pools were nice - the adult pool was usually always crowded, the kids pool was not - for whatever reason - and it was really nice.Although the grounds of the HHV are much nicer and there is much more variety in food choices, the central location and beach lead me to say that I would probably stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Ms_Meredith
<Content>Very Impressed My husband and I stayed at this hotel a few weeks ago when we went to Hawaii to be married. We booked an air/hotel package through a travel agent with Northwest Worldvacations. I called the hotel about a month in advance to see if we would be eligbile for any upgrades since we were getting married and starting our Honeymoon. At the time, I was told it would be noted in the system, but there were no guarantees.Well, the day we arrived at the Sheraton we had not wait to check-in. The desk attendant informed us that we had been selected as the guests of the day. We were greeted with beautiful leis (not the airport lei greeting) and upgraded to an oceanfront room. We were also given complimentary catamaran ride tickets and VIP seating at the hotel restaurants and pool side entertainment. Our room was very nicely appointed. It faced the ocean, had a flat screen Tv, refrigerator, safe, and a pretty big lanai. However, the seats on the lanai were not comfy, but who really care's, the view it what was important. Also, when we got to our room, there was a bottle of champagne and a small dessert plate that welcomed us. It was very tasty. We also have bathrobes and slippers provided as an extra courtesy. I must say, the hotel really went out of there way with small gestures to make us feel special.We were only at the Sheraton for 3 nights and them went on a cruise of the islands with NCL, but I have very fond memories.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wendy1461
<Content>wow what a view Recently we stayed at Waikiki Sheraton. Wow the view from the 18th floor was spectacular!!! We were surprised to see 6 large sea turtles very close to the hotel. The pool, beach  restaurants were great  right in amongst some great shopping....and lots of tourists. However, if you want a quieter hotel, I would stay next door at the Royal Hawaiian...same owners, but older  very beautiful.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TrvlDva
<Content>Good hotel in the heart of Waikiki       Ocean view from #2239  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>funseekers88
<Content>Oahu is wonderful, this hotel is not.       ocean view room - view  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	3	3	

<Author>time2vacation
<Content>Million Dollar View We reserved a partial ocean view room and were upgraded to an ocean view room. We were on the tenth floor on the Royal Hawaiian side. The view just took your breath away, especially at night. The room was very nice. Great beds with flat screen TV. The location was great. We were within walking distance to almost everything we went to.They are remodeling the hotel in some parts. If you want to go to the gym, you have to go to one floor above and walk down the fire stair. (But the gym was great - lots of machines, great view and not many people). I had a massage at their massage center. It has NOT been renovated. It was like having a massage in a janitor's closet - very wierd. They will also come to your room and set up. That's probably a better idea.Our last day, we checked out at 11:00 am, but didn't leave for the airport until 7:00 pm. They gave us use of a room to shower and change our clothes before we went to the airport. That allowed us to have one more day at the beach. As someone else said, the elevators were generally really busy and the concierge office seems dated and inadequate for a Sheraton.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>qaz123
<Content>Too Big for its Own Good When there is a mad dash for the elevators in the lobby at all hours of the day, you know you are not in an intimate, relaxing place. I guess, though, the Sheraton Waikiki reflects its location in the heart of hopped up, bustling Waikiki. If you want to be in the middle of it all, and feel like you are in the middle of it all, this is the place. The rooms have recently been renovated. The feel is modern and clean, with new furniture, large flatscreen TV, and a redone bathroom housing a tub/shower combo and one vanity. The balcony had new, but uncomfortable, outdoor furniture. All in all, the redo is effective, but there is no question that this is a Sheraton, not a St. Regis.For a hotel of such size, the pool area was relatively small. There were only two pools, both of which were tiny. The beach in front of the Sheraton doesn't exist. The water laps right up against the boardwalk. To get to the beach, you have to travel to the left or right of the hotel. The fitness area is being redone, but we used the temporary facility, which was well-stocked and quite clean.We had a problem with the safe in our room and had to have a locksmith come to fix it. The manager was very apologetic and responsive, offering a free breakfast for two.Overall, this hotel is very Waikiki--big, impersonal, and very touristy in a sort of kitschy way. For those who want that kind of experience, this is not a bad place to get your fill. For those looking for a smaller scale and slower pace, there are better places (many of which are not likely in Waikiki).  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Hawaiiantraveler66
<Content>Awful Hotel! This was the one of the worst hotels I have been too. I will list the problems with the hotel instead of writing a paragraph.Problems:1. One hour to check in.2. The attitude of the front desk crew. RUDE3. The direction our room faced (the parking garage)4. The room decor, 1970 style.5. Uncomfortable bed, sloped to one side6. 180 count sheets felt like sand paper (Where is my sweet sleeper by Sheraton)7. There was a 3 inch gap under our door to our room.And finally what we hated the most was the continued pushy sales people from the vacation club calling our room.This place Sucked!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>ronyanbu
<Content>Deluxe Ocean Front Room #1941 does NOT face the Ocean       Ocean Room view  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>YYZflytoomuch
<Content>It is a dump I don't know what else to say. It is a dump. Old, worn, badly in need of a total renovation. My room did not have the updated sweet sleeper beds yet. Actually I think the matress may have been the original from the 70's! The service from check-in to check out (and everything in between) is slow. The lobby area is quite busy and crowded. Parking is difficult to get into / out of (typical for Waikiki - not the hotel's fault). The spot on the beach is quite nice and the restaurants in the area are plentiful and good. I might consider spending points to stay here for the location, but not my own cash.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>ChiefExec
<Content>Don't do it! This is a tired old hotel that should have been torn down years ago. The elevators can not begin to keep up with the number of people trying to use them. The bus depot where you arrive from the airport has only stairs and no elevator which is just what you want after a long flight with a lot of heavy bags. No bellmen either. It is just disorganized chaos and the rooms are small, noisy, poorly equipped. The internet did work which is the only nice thing I can say about the place. They couldn't even make keys when we first checked in. Also, the place is completely over run with Japanese visitors.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>hawaiigirl7
<Content>Manor Wing Too much money for this 70's style decor hotel room. This hotel needs to upgrade their rooms. The Sheraton Waikiki has nicer rooms but this section of the hotel is not very nice looking.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>OHtraveler4
<Content>Would Stay Here Again We stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki July 11-July 14. The room was just as the pictures had shown. Very clean and modern. The beds were very comfortable and the bathroom was great. If I had to complain about something, it would be the chairs on the balcony. They are very attractive, but not comfortable. We had an oceanfront room, which had a beautiful view of the pool area, the ocean, and Diamond Head. The nightly entertainment was very nice and relaxing. It was also very nice while eating dinner. If you enjoy swimming, it is a bother that the main pool closes when the entertainment begins. However, the ocean is great for swimming, and very fun if traveling with children. Side Note: the beach area to the left of the hotel (in front of the Royal Hawaiian) is the best area for relaxing and swimming. The room rate was VERY reasonable, trust me because I spent months researching hotels and their rates!! We also were very pleasantly greeted with lias upon our arrival to the hotel, which was a plus because we did not receive them at the airport! The lobby with all of it's shops is very beautiful and if I may mention, the hotel gift shop has great souvenirs with surprisingly reasonable prices! Overall the hotel is great! We loved our stay and definitely would return.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>CamilleinCali
<Content>Roach Hotel I was a guest with my family at the Sheraton Waikiki while attending the National Medical Association convention. I booked a partial ocean view room and asked to be near my parents. The hotel accomadated that request very well by providing adjoining rooms. That is the last positive thing I have to say.1. My parents were delayed 24hours, had called to say so. Their adjoining room was available before mine (did I say adjoining). I was told I couldn't check into their room without their permission. I called them on my cell (they were stuck in Minneapolis) while standing at the front desk. I then was told that my mother had to call them back on their phone system. We did this (whatever....) and I was allowed to go to the room. Mind you my adjoining room was completely ready when I got upstairs.2. There were roaches. Need I say more. They even asked me if I was sure it was a roach....3. Room service was very slow. I didn't even bother to try to get a refund on the rancid cheesecake. My son, who orders rooms service everywhere we stay, gave them a D-4.My friend's room had roaches. We walked in one evening and she had to throw her shoe at one crawling up the wall (ocean front room 20th floor). Not cheap. You shouldn't have to throw your shoe at a roach. I wasn't interested in even sitting down in that room let alone sleeping.3. Despite all of that I was enjoying seeing all my old buddies from college and medical school so I decided to stay in Waikiki one more night. Not wanting to re-pack, check-out, lug my luggage out, wait four hours and then check in I figured it should be simple enough just to stay where I was. Boy was I wrong. I was first told the hotel was sold out by the front desk. I travel everywhere with my laptop for this very reason; Airlines, hotels etc. never seem to tell you the whole truth and you are better off if you are armed with information from the Net. I immediately booked a room at the Sheraton Waikiki, ocean front, for the evening of 8/8/07. I had atleast 10 choices available to me online. Didn't quite seem so sold out. I then called the front desk the morning of the 8th and what followd after that took ridiculousness to a new level. I was told they need the adjoining rooms for another family who would check in at 1pm. Granted I'd struggled to check in at 2:30pm and my room (1048) hadn't ever been serviced before 2pm( I of course told them this). I asked why a 1,000 room 30 story hotel with 3 wings specifically needed my adjoining room. Didn't they have at least 30 of these types of rooms if not 100? That went over well... I was put on hold 3 times mid-sentence. I literally would be talking and would hear music and realize that I'd been put on hold. When the person came back on the line he asked me if I was ready to listen to him. I was also told that I was yelling at him and being rude. I never raised my voice above conversational level and no profanity had been uttered although could have been called for. I was stunned nearly, but not quite, speechless. Finally, I was transferred to another young man who agreed to cancel my extra night and refund my money. At the time of check-out it didn't look like I'd been charged for that night, however, the room charge had gone from $1500 to $1800 without any obvious explanation.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>AngieDuenas
<Content>great deal       A poolside performance  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>SammyJo22
<Content>"Strong dislike" of this property We attended a conference at this hotel this week - actually at the hotel, in my room, as I am writing, listening to VERY loud music from the pool area. We have a beachfront room, which allows the opportunity each evening to have to suffer through the local entertainment - sorry, I like the option of seeing/listening to music, not have to have the doors closed, A/C blasting, TV LOUD to drown out the music. Hotel is 1700 rooms and it is FULL OF PEOPLE, PEOPLE, PEOPLE everywhere.............tiny crowded pools, hardly any beach, lines, lines, lines at the elevators, most rooms now renovated, however hallways leading to rooms are very old and dirty - balcony's are filthy with bird droppings - sorry, wish I could say something nice, but at the conference rate of $190 per night, and a 100% occupancy in the middle of the summer, my thinking is that they would have MUCH better upkeep on the hotel with prices like this.I will not ever return to this property and as a former long time travel agent, I can assure you, you can do better than this elsewhere,  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	3	2	3	

<Author>GeorgiaPalmtrees
<Content>Always a wonderful experience I have stayed at this hotel many times since 1987, have always had a wonderful experience. One of the finest dining establishments on the island is located on the top floor of the hotel, breathtaking view. The new rooms are fantastic, and the oceanviews from the balconies can't be beat. We will enthusiastically stay at this property again.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wymzikal82
<Content>Worth your money! We just returned from our honeymoon, and our stay at the Manor Wing. There was a lot of us staying in the hotel and we ended up with the worst view by far (the dumpster.) However, I dont believe any of the rooms have any view of the ocean- so request a room on the even number side you'll have a nice view of the Waikiki lights and happenings. (the odd side just looks at the back of the Sheraton Waikiki)Some pros:*Very excellent location- close to the beach, in the center of Wakiki.*Can use all of the many services that Sheraton Waikiki offers. *There are demonstrations in the lobby on certains days of the week, wood carving, quilt making*You are definitiely getting a lot of bang for your buck if you stay at the Manor Wing.Cons:*Rooms are very dated. *No balcony.*The rooms on the odd numbered side dont really get natural light.If you are driving to the hotel pay attention! take a right on to Royal Hawaiian Drive and follow it down to the hotel. The maps dont really help you get to the hotel. Everyone in my party got lost and we were driving at separate times.Also, we had a ton of trouble with Expedia, we wont be using them again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	5	4	5	

<Author>starsfan96
<Content>Waikiki-Hated it Stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki for 4 days. I felt like just another number. The hotel is too large, beach too crowded, pool too small. The pool closed at 6 for entertainment by the pool. Often we had to wait 10 minutes for an elevator. Remodeling floors 3 - 7. The fitness center is on 4. To get to the fitness center we had to go to the second floor, walk around to the stairs and up two flights of stairs. Reversing your course after working out to wait 10 minutes for the elevator on the second floor. The hotel has 30 floors with many rooms. The fitness center is entirely too small for the size of the hotel. I waited twenty minutes for the cardio equipment. 5 of the 7 treadmills are about 20 years old. We did enjoy the nightly entertainment by the Langley British Columbia Ukelele group. A very good group of teenagers from Canada that sang and played ukeleles. If you want to go to Oahu to see Pearl Harbor and other sites don't stay in Honolulu; stay somewhere else on the island. Pearl Harbor, Bowfin and USS Missouri were great. The view from Diamond Head is spectacular and the hike to get there is a good workout. The drive on highway 83 is awesome.. You have the mountains on one side and the ocean on the other for a lot of the drive. Stay a few days on Oahu and most of your trip on the other islands.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>mike-lcf
<Content>Fantastic location and views; slightly below average hotel Stayed here the week of July 16 for a conference. I give this hotel a B. The location is excellent and the room size, decor and finish are generally OK. The biggest negative to this hotel is that you get the sense that it is simply underequipped for its size. I can vouch for the comments about long waits for an elevator. Although there are about 10-12 elevators, you have to wait a LONG TIME for one, even at off peak hours. The check in desk is also significantly understaffed; they definitely need more people there during peak hours, such as when people are checking out in the morning. The lines are long. I was attending a large conference on the second floor and everyone was trying to get between the first and second floors, but the escalator was out of service for most of the time I was there, forcing everyone to wait 10 minutes for an elevator each time you needed to get down to the lobby.The rooms are spacious for a regular hotel room. The furniture is recently updated. The desk area, which is comprised of a slide out glass half desk and a padded stool on wheels, is not that comfortable if you actually trying to get work done (and I recognize that most staying in Waikiki are not). And there is no wifi available in any of the guest rooms, although it is available in certain areas on the ground floor. The quality of the in-room coffee is horrible (I don't generally expect a whole lot from the complimentary in-room drip coffee, but this was truly nasty stuff). For the discounted conference rate of $210 I paid for a partial ocean view, it was not a bad deal because of the location. The on-site concierge is pretty useless. I had a spare afternoon and wanted to sign up for an afternoon Kayak tour. They said they didn't know of any. This is a major hotel in the heart of Waikiki and they don't know of any Kayak tours? I went to a hotel next door and in about 30 seconds the concierge there gave me 3 different options.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	1	3	2	

<Author>ccy2
<Content>Old Rooms My overall experience was spoiled by the poor room I had. The bed was terrible, the carpet was unclean, the room smelled musty, and the bathrooms needed updating. The location was great, but the room made the trip unpleasant. I immediately changed hotels. Please do not allow them to put you in the Sheraton Manor. --Request a renovated room in the towers!!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	3	1	

<Author>RodneyB
<Content>Great location, and wonderful staff! We had an excellent stay and experience for 2 weeks in 2 rooms on the 12th floor; Mountain 鈥?City-Partial Ocean view. Two Full size beds in each room.Check-In at 2:33 am on a Saturday took 15 mins and was a breeze. I had contacted them from Las Vegas airport that our arrival would be delayed by 5 hrs. They were most accommodating and assured me that there would be no problems upon checking in... There were none.No issues with noise or the rooms being too small, or being too crowded on site, or problems with the elevators being too slow. There were a total of 10 to 12 elevators running at any one time, and the longest wait was less than 5 minutes. There was something going on the 2nd floor almost every other day during our stay, but this should be expected within a facility that has conferencing rooms available. And the complaint that the lobby was busy and too crowded, I don't know of any successful hotel that has conferencing facilities, and caters to on-site weddings to NOT be busy or crowded. It shows how versatile the site is and how popular it is with multi-national and local companies, and tourists from around the world. If people want something a bit slower, they should look into a bed and breakfast site, not downtown Waikiki.Spent most of the time at/in the beach that faces the Royal Hawaiian... and then into the Sheraton Waikiki pool after lunch for a few more hours. Nice to have towels in abundance at pool side and the staff was always friendly and helpful. They were engaging and so thoughtful when queried on things to do and where to go and things to be wary of.The housekeeping staff did a wonderful job of keeping the two rooms neat and tidy everyday! I was very pleased with this. What a pleasant group of staff up on the 12th floor. Maintenance had to be called once for a backed up toilet, but they arrived within 10 mins of the call and took care of the issue without incidence; Just another bright spot within the organization of the staff at the Waikiki Sheraton. Parking: There is valet parking and there is also public parking. The costs run from a min of $12 to $15 USD per day and upwards of $25 USD. Because of this, we used public transit, better known as 鈥淭he Bus鈥? $2/adult and $1/kids16 yrs and under; and exact change is required. So keep your singles readily available when boarding. They arrive every 15 mins and are very efficient. I think growing little cities could learn how to devise and execute a mass transit system by taking notes on how 鈥淭he Bus鈥?system successfully operates on the island of Oahu. 鈥淭he Bus鈥?will get you to, or at least a couple blocks of your destination without costing an arm and a leg鈥?The bus drivers can instruct you which bus you need to take to get to a specific location, but it鈥檚 always better initially to check the concierges鈥?desk or guest services at the hotel to obtain assistance. The Concierges Services were helpful, but you need to know how to ask the question to get the most information from them for what you need. Depending who you speak with, this will determine how much or how little information you will be given鈥?Not everyone in that group knows everything available to a guest at any given time or can direct them to a specific location without sending them to an incorrect destination, due to a lack of understanding and communication from both parties鈥?just make sure you both are on the same page when you ask for assistance and they really understand what you want.As stated in other reviews, ABC Stores are a more reasonable alternative to the onsite convenient stores. Another local store is Food Center Grocery/Market, a few blocks up and over on Kuhio Blvd, but walking distance from the Sheraton. Prices there are comparable to local Safeway and Foodland chains. Meals: Their Kau Kau Corner short order stand was a convenient alternative for something quick, i.e. after a morning out at the beach, getting a quick bite to eat, and then heading back out to the pool. Prices were reasonable. Their nightly buffet menu at the Ocean Terrace looked awesome, but unfortunately the prices put a damper on going there. We had options and we opted for places that were frequented by locals and were recommended by locals that offered good local menu items and were reasonable priced for a family of five.Breakfast was done at the Shore Bird Restaurant  Beach Bar (located just a short walk to the Outrigger Reef Resort Hotel), the breakfast buffet was fantastic! It included island fresh fruits (papayas, pineapple, melons) and local baked breads and muffins, and even Mahi-Mahi, ham, fried rice, Portuguese sausage, and your basic scrambled eggs, sausages, and bacon. We used the discount coupons given to us to help with the costs, but the food was excellent. Again, we dined there for dinner and we were not disappointed with their 鈥渙pen-grill鈥?menu selections. Other options: Ala Moana Center鈥檚 Food Court, Wards Warehouse Shops that included the Spaghetti Warehouse and Buffet 100. There鈥檚 also the local L n L diners or Zippy鈥檚 Restaurants that have Napoleons Bakery connected to them. Young鈥檚 Fish Market and Young鈥檚 Noodle Factory are both excellent for more local style tastes.I would stay there again鈥?The location WAS everything and the staff was 1st rate!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DubaiUS
<Content>You DON'T need an alarm clock... I have been to Honolulu many times but never stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki. There was always some mystique about the place and we were excited to be finally staying at this property. However, on arrival we began to loose the excitement.Tip 1 - Be sure to get a renovated room. In time I'm sure all the rooms will be re-done but the new rooms, albeit sparse, are fine. The bathrooms are also small. This is due to the age of the hotel. Unless you like wicker and lime green surroundings go renovated!!!Tip 2 - Get a room that is ocean facing on the Diamond Head side. If you stay on the other side, city, mountain and partial ocean views - where we were - you will be greeted EACH MORNING at 5-6AM with the back-up, beep, beep, beep of the delivery trucks making their rounds at this and the other hotels in the area. You truly don't need a wake up call. We were there for 10 days and were done with this after day 1. No alternate rooms were available as there was a big convention in the hotel. Major complaint and downfall to this property.Tip 3 - This hotel does a lot of conventions. Thankfully the auto tool outfit in with us were well behaved - to their credit - but the place was a zoo.Tip 4 - If the hotel is busy be prepared to wait, and wait, and wait for the elevators. There is simply not enough to go around. There is a flaw in that all the elevators stop on the 2nd floor - convention level so you have this stop all the time. Convention goers - take the escalators to the 2nd floor!!!Tip 5 - Ultra small pool areas that are always packed. The public has immediate access off the beach / walkway in to the hotel. It did not appear the hotel did anything to police if their paying guests had the pool loungers or some free-loader walking by. This needs to be improved if you are paying the rates they ask for.Tip 6 - Shop at the abundant ABC stores and not the hotel for your soda and chips. You'll save 50% for taking a 3 minute walk.Tip 7 - The food in the buffet restaurant is very good to excellent. We ate many breakfasts there and had no issues.The hotel location is spectacular, no question. However, for the rates that they ask for the property leaves something to be desired. I'd give it 3.5 stars, certainly not 4. It is a very average hotel located in an incredible location. If that's your mind set on arrival you will have an OK experience.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>cd896
<Content>Average stay; mediocre dining While here I stayed on the 30th floor, which made the view from my room quite impressive (even with a mountain view). The room accomodations were pleasant, but the decor was nothing spectacular. Staff was generally helpful and friendly.Traffic in front of the hotel, at least while I was there, was pure maddness. Thank goodness they had valet. Location was convenient, of course, along the main Waikiki strip. The hula show was interesting to see, although the same show was used every night (little variety).Friendly place for Japanese tourists as well; much of the signage, staff, etc. is bilingual.No gym (although I hear one is being built). While I was there they gave out free day passes to a 24-Hour Fitness down the street (not the most convenient).  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>mainelynn
<Content>Surprisingly wonderful stay! After reading numerous Tripadvisor reviews, I was prepared for the worst, instead it was a fabulous trip. My hubbie and I were there for a convention so the accomodations were out of MY hands. We also celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary while there. Our room was on the 14th floor and overlooked the pool area, beach, ocean, and Diamond Head. It was awesome. As soon as we arrived, after travel from Florida, it was mid afternoon and we stepped onto the balcony...I was estatic. The view was enchanting but the honos (sea turtles) were mesmerizing. I couldn't stop watching them from the balcony and had to get out my zoom lenses. And we also watched whales from the balcony!!! The room was clean and furnishings nice. The hotel delivered us a bottle of champagne to our surprise. The staff was great! They gave us terrific recommendations for eats, drinks, souvrnirs, and sightseeing on our own around the island. And I could get a fresh lei everyday...what more could you ask for???  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lnew1gd1
<Content>Nice stay but make sure you book a renovated room.       Sea Turtle Sculpture  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>U2Fans
<Content>Great Place We stayed here April 2007 got a great deal for $179.00 per night for a garden view, but was upgraded to a partial ocean view. We like modern rooms. These are brand new recently updated (can't usually go wrong with a Starwood property). We spent most of our time at the beach in front of the Royal Hawaiian/Outrigger Hotels. If you want a cheap burger go to Dukes (try the crab/macadamia nut wontons there good), great cheap breakfast go to Hula Grill. We loved the hotel  the area , would stay there again  recommend it to others . We bought a few beers for a couple bucks at the store inside the hotel  put them in a throw away cooler a few times when we layed on the beach. My only complaint was the concierges were never available......  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>tripperATL
<Content>Location, renovated room I recently stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki (our first trip to Hawaii!) for four nights while my sister was attending a conference. Location. Location. Location. ARRIVAL/CHECK-IN/SERVICE: the drop point from the airport shuttle could use better signage, but a quick call to the bell stand and all our bags were picked up for us. We were given fresh leis, and check-in went smoothly (though the line was a bit long; just a busy part of the day). Everyone was helpful and friendly, with service being good, sometimes excellent during our stay.ROOM: On the 9th floor, at the end of the hall. And what a view! Ocean, beach, Diamondhead were right off the balcony-beautiful in all their glory. The room had been recently updated: new carpet, paint, furnishings that were all tasteful and modern. Two double beds (guess they thought queens would make the room seem small, but I think there was just enough room) which had a nice, comfortable mattress and nicer linens, a nice desk area with coffee pot, small fridge, flat-panel TV on the wall, with a wall shelf that almost ran the length of the room. The closet had lots of great shelving-in lieu of a dresser-and a large safe. The balcony had two chairs and a table, a nice little straw rug that was a great touch for those who liked to tip toe outside without shoes.Bathroom was average for a hotel, with a nice sunk-in sink, a mesh-topped shower curtain so that, if you opened the shutter doors that separate the bathroom from the bedroom and had your curtains opened, you could enjoy your view from the shower. Not sure how many people use that feature, but a nice little touch.RESORT: large, but not overly so. Lobby was open air, with a stone floor that was common in Waikiki. The public areas of the resort were okay, but feel they need more in a way of update to match the improvements to the sleeping rooms; they just have a sort of 80s-style tropical thing going. Like almost any resort in that area, there were lots of gift shops, as well as a few dining options, in the lobby, as well as much more in the Royal Hawaiian shopping center out front. The two pools were nice, on a smaller, quieter pool next to the beach in between the Sheraton and the Royal Hawaiian; the second, the main pool, had a large pool deck with a bar. Both had access to the beach.DINING: The few times we ate here it was all about convenience. The express food, the beach side Ocean Terrace and evening cocktail bar were fine, just nothing special other than the standard, over-priced hotel food you would find almost anywhere. Did not try the fine dining, as this was our first trip, we were more about Hawaii (beach, fun, snorkel, etc.) than the food. MISCELLANEOUS: Did not have a car, but understand parking fees to be average for the area. Liked that the internet access (while yes, there is a fee; the nicer the hotel=the more you pay for every little thing) had pricing options, such as a two-hour fee for quick email checks every couple days. BOTTOM LINE: Would happily stay here again.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>ExtolNomad
<Content>Did the job My wife and I recently returned from our trip to Oahu and stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki the entire time we were on the island. Upon arrival, we were checked in promptly. We had booked our room through a travel agent, so I requested a room with an ocean view, but due to the numerous groups in town, as well as Spam Jam taking place that weekend (yes, that Spam), the hotel was completely booked and he could not honor our request. But to our surprise, our room did have a partial ocean view which was more than enough to satisfy us. Also, our room had a flat screen tv, fridge, coffee maker, iron and a safe. I know other reviewers have mentioned requesting a renovated room, but I believe they are all renovated by now since I did not notice any construction going on although I could be wrong. You may wish to double check with the front desk to make sure.Overall, we had a great experience, the entire staff was very friendly and polite and answered the numerous questions we had in terms of where to eat and what hidden sites to visit. We were even granted an extra hour (12:00) to check out since our plane left very late our last day there. We never had any meals at the hotel. There are plently of places to eat withing walking distance of the hotel. The hotel is right on the beach and is accessible out the back door.The only issues we had during our stay was the daily charge for parking for our rental car ($15/day, ouch!) and the smell of cigarette smoke in our room. The entire hotel is non-smoking, but I guess there are still some guests that overlook it. I know this is tough for the hotel to monitor, but our last night at the hotel was rough. The smell became almost unbearable and my wife was coughing the entire next day.I would stay at this hotel again, but probably after I researched some other hotels in the area. The Sheraton Waikiki is one of the larger hotels in the area and there is constantly people walking in and out of the hotel, not to mention all of the taxi cabs, shuttles and buses in the area. I would prefer a smaller, more intimate hotel if I ever return to Oahu, but if you get a good rate for this hotel, book it, because it did the job for us during our stay.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Eric_Beylon
<Content>Make sure you have a newly renovated room ! We made two stays there during Honolulu stopovers. In both cases, valet parking OK.For the first stay, we got a 31st floor (highest floor) room with a city view (in fact sea can be seen from balcony). No noise due to high floor, but an old, unfriendly, outdated room. No fridge, old TV sets not working well, noisy AC, very old bathroom.For the second stay, we were upgraded to sea view on the 16th floor. No noise due to sea facing room, and a newly renovated room. What a difference it makes ! Everything fresh and brand new.We had no difficulty checking-in early in both cases, while stranded guests were waiting for their room in the hall: the fact we are SPG preferred guests obviously helped. I guess the high floor room, and sea view upgrade also stem from being part of SPG frequent guest program. We were also given free and postage paid postcards.Otherwise, a busy, crowded hotel in Waikiki, which is not the best part of the Hawaian islands. The pool is very small, and the beach is not veryt pleasant.I recommend this hotel if you can get a quiet room. Low floor / city views would probably be unpleasant.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>pixiesnake
<Content>We liked it and would stay at the Sheraton Waikiki again       View at night from our balcony.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>cashem
<Content>Unpleasantly surprised The hotel was over-booked and we were sent next door to the Royal Hawian, which would have been fine, except they only had king beds. We were travelling as a family of six, two king beds would not cut it, our aunt who is teminally ill had to wait in continuous line-ups, as we were then sent back to the other hotel. We had booked these rooms 9 months before and had made many confirmation calls,we wanted our Aunts trip to be perfect.In addition to all the confusion, the access for the disabled was non-existant. Our Aunt was mainly stuck in the room or down by the pools which had no umbellas for shade.Needless to say, we were able to spend time with our beloved Aunt and say our goodbyes, but I still wounder how things might of been better had our time gone as planned. My advice is that, if you want to access the beach or be able to get out and about do not stay at the sheraton.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	4	1	3	

<Author>thecommish46
<Content>tremendous place Wow- that is how I describe this place....the room was fabulous, the king size bed was without a doubt the highlight of my short stay-I have never slept in such luxury before, absolutely the best rest I have ever gotten anywhere.....room was immaculate and had many quirks, i. e. internet, movies, flat panel hdtv mounted on wall.....balcony facing the ocean and had fabulous view of the entire waikiki beach scene....close to many activities, within walking distance of many shops restaurants and beach type activities.....I will definately stay here again when I return.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Klasdude
<Content>We stayed Mar 20-25, 2007 and loved it! We just returned from the Sheraton Waikiki 3 days ago and we were very happy with our entire stay. I had read reviews prior to traveling and was a little leery but I must say that I was extremely satisfied. The room was on the 10th floor and only had a partial ocean view but it was very comfortable with all the amenities you could possibly need. We were actually upgraded so we were pleasantly surprised to see the ocean at all. We had excellent house keeping everyday and the bed was very comfortable. The staff was extremely friendly and did their best to accommodate all our needs. The concierge desk is very familiar with all the busses and their destinations and it is much cheaper than renting a car and paying for parking. Parking is about $15 per day at the hotel on top of your room rate and the city busses only charge $2 one way to take you anywhere you really need or want to go. The fitness center is $8 extra per day or $16 per week and internet access is 35 cents a minute with a $5.50 minimum so that can add up too. You can do an all day package from your room for $10 though. Don't let the message from the Starwood services fool you. They leave you a message saying that you have a gift or package and then they try to sell you a timeshare. It's a pretty good way to get you down there though. They were really friendly and understand if you say no so it really wasn't a problem. I just had better things to do than listen to a 2 hour spill on timeshares. Overall, it was a great hotel and I would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>katie516
<Content>Good location I stayed for Feb 28-Mar 6 2007 at Sheraton Waikiki Manor wing. Manor wing is a totally different version of Sheraton (budget type) which I have already knew before check-in. Per you guys' good review and guide, I printed out some room numbers I might prefer to stay when check-in. The lady asked me why I prefer. I told that I saw some reviews from the internet. She gave me relatively good room. As a lot of reviewers shared, this hotel has an excellent location which is impressive. Cleaning and staff were quite OK during my stay. On the 4th floor, there is a business center I use it every day for email check. Internet speed is good Price is reasonable. I would recommend someone travel alone and no need to stay in the room that long. No regret.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JANE*20
<Content>beautiful hotel We stayed her March 5, 6, 2007. We were suprising upgraded to a suite on the 24th floor. It was very nice  clean, a large living room, dining table, bar w/ coffee maker, refrigerator. It had a wonderful ocean view lanai from the living room and another ocean view lanai from the bedroom. A large bath, large bedroom w/ king bed. There were robes  slippers on the bed (to keep). The room itself -could have used a touch of paint in places where scrathes on the baseboard etc. The staff was very friendly and called us by name. The entrance to the hotel is open air and very upscale. The restuarant (breakfast buffet) was expensive $23.00 per person, but wonderful view of the ocean, I believe there were two pool areas. The hotel is in walking distance to many shops and is also on the trolley route. They have storage for you luggage, if you need to check out before your flight time. We paid to keep our room later - which wasn't bad.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kinsa
<Content>Nice enough rooms, good location, horrible staff I will preface this review with the fact I stayed at this hotel during the weekend of the Honolulu marathon/U2 concert, so Honolulu was very very crowded. This being said, the Sheraton was a mess. We arrived after 4 p.m., and had to wait in a Disneyland type line for 2 1/2 hours even to get to speak to someone at the front desk to check in!! They only had 4 people attempting to check in hundreds of people. Obviously, they knew all these people were checking in, why not have enough people to check them in??The very surly front desk person basically set the tone for this hotel. Basically, the majority of the staff we encountered ran the gambit from complete indifference to down right rudeness. Of course, there were a few that were very nice and helpful, but they are definitely the minority at this hotel. I have never had valets who completely ignore you as you drive up and don't even say hello, just take your keys and ignore you. This was the standard service at the valet. I was shocked, but got over it.Make sure to get a renovated room, they are nice, nothing spectacular, but nice. We are Starwood Platinum guests so I think we got placed on a better floor, and we had a nice view. The rooms are oddly designed, seems like they are missing furniture or something, hard to describe, but if you stay there you will see what I mean. The beds are nice and comfy. The location of the hotel is great for walking to everything in Waikiki. If you get a cheap rate, then this hotel may be worth it for the location alone. Just don't go expecting to recieve any kind of hospitable service. (By the way, Pearl Jam and U2 Rocked!! :) )  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>miltonlover
<Content>Like Staying In Paradise       Our Room  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mtec
<Content>Mediocre for the price...       The living room of the deluxe suite  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	5	2	3	3	2	

<Author>Timwestcreek
<Content>Hotel is from the Brady Bunch era Stayed there for a convention.Hotel is old and for the most part unrenovated our room which was a suite had filthy carpet peeling paint and mold painted over. They have no beach except at low tide and then its about 8 ftbut their is a beach at other hotels so you just walk there.Pools are very small but clean The hotel staff does try very hard and the resturant on the 31 st fl.is very good. I would probably be more negative but this was a free trip had I had to pay for it I would have been screaming.Not the true HI exp.like Manhattan with a beach  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	1	3	3	1	

<Author>bums
<Content>cant beat this! I ve just came back from Honolulu last week. I did not notice any construction work going inside the hotel so I believe the remodel is complete. Our room wa partial ocean view, good sized and nicely remodeled. the location of this hotel is the best, close to everything. I dont like to walk 2 blocks back to my room after the swim so this hotel was perfect. It is also in the middle of everything in waikiki.The food at the hotel is a little pricey. The breakfast buffet was $23 per person which I found a little steep. also the selection was not really $23 worth. I got %35 off in hotel restaurants but I still find the food to be expensive at this hotel.Overall, I like the location, rooms and the quality of this hotel. If Istay at Hawaii , I would probably stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>junemoon
<Content>pleasant despite no-view accessible room At the time of making reservations, we requested a wheelchair-accessible room and were told that each floor had two types of accessible rooms, one with a king-sized bed and regular shower/tub, the other with two full beds and a roll-in shower. We requested the latter and were told that none of the roll-in shower rooms had an ocean view. So the city view from our 14th floor room was no surprise, but the sight of a mountain range (but not Diamond Head)in the distance did compensate for an otherwise ugly view of neighboring high-rises.  Our check-in was smooth and friendly, and the valet who brought up our bags was extremely helpful and personable. The room was spacious and comfortable, apparently renovated with flatscreen TV and extra-large bathroom with cut-out single sink, shower/tub with grab bars and adjustable hand-held shower head AND a large roll-in shower with fold-down padded seat and hand-held shower head. Nice toiletries provided:Pantene shampoo, Vaseline Intensive-Care lotion, nice bar soaps.The bathroom door was a louvered sliding door that was barely wide enough to accomodate my wheelchair; I probably left a few nicks behind in the wood.  The only complaint was one I have of most hotels I've visited anywhere: no automatic door opener or door stop for the room door. Makes it impossible to exit the room by myself--a major inconvenience as well as a safety hazard in case of fire. Oh, and one other annoyance not specific to this hotel, but Honolulu in general: the astronomical cost of renting an electric wheelchair on the island.The cheapest quote I got was $75 a day, not including the battery charger. The Sheraton Waikiki offers a discount rate of $125 a day (cheaper by the week). I ended up unhappily using my own manual chair for our 3 nights there.(don't trust traveling with my electric chair from home) Geez, it's not like a wheelchair is a luxury or recreational item!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>TheThreeTravelers
<Content>Nice Ocean Views We spent 3 days here in a full ocean view room with 2 double beds on the 11th floor. The room and bathroom were small; however, there was a nice balcony overlooking the pool and ocean. We loved waking up every morning and looking out our window to see nothing but ocean. The Sheraton has also cleverly designed the shower and bathroom, so you can take a shower and enjoy a view of the Pacific. Futhermore, we enjoyed the hula shows and nightly entertainment at the pool area. The 2 pools were quite cool and not heated. Parking was $15/day and driving around Honolulu was frustrating due to the traffic. Occasionally, we were bothered by others smoking on their balconies near our room. Overall it was an enjoyable stay and we would stay there again in a full ocean view room.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Ca_natives
<Content>Had a great time!       View from pool  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jaquesspratt
<Content>Positive Surprise We spent 4 nights in this property, Christmas week. Following the advice of other reviewers, we requested an upgraded room on a high floor, and took out a Starwood Preferred Guest membership . On arrival we received, without asking, an upgrade from partial ocean view to a full ocean front room . Although only on a middle floor, it was a remodeled room, complete with a flat panel TV.Although the hotel was hosting many football team members from Arizona, we found the room quiet, and the elevators reasonably quick . The staff was not overly friendly, but competent. The location is ideal for those wishing to be in the heart of Waikiki action. The hotel facilities are not great, but you are only a few steps away from all that Waikiki has to offer.We highly recommend this hotel, especially for short or medium stays. For holidays of more than 5 days, a move to the Marriot Waikiki will nicely complement your experience.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>J23xx
<Content>Nice place Very nice hotel. Clean and friendly. I know that some reviews indicated problems with room quality but my room and corridor was very nice, clean and well furnished. Perfect location, friendly staff. The only problem we have noticed was rather long waiting time for lifts. I can recommend this hotel to all travelers.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>trixi22
<Content>Mmmmm not that great I stayed in as part of my honeymoon. The hotel is OK in a lovely location but just ok. We asked if we could have the best room possible and was told that the one we had was the best. Was it hell - we had reserved a partial sea view yip you could see the sea if you hung over the balcony with someone holding your feet!!! Don't bother paying the extra if you only going for that.The housekeeping was awful seriously bad we had sand in our sheets for the whole week and the room was ok if you like the simplicity of one bed, a pokey desk and chair and two lights!!The guy at the guest information was great really friendly and helpful.Don't expect much out of this hotel you are a number not a guest.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>keikimilia
<Content>Ask them for a better room We redeemed Starwood Points for a room. They first gave us a corner unit room that has 2 full size beds, a full size murphy bed and couch. Large room, but dark and old. The beds looked aweful. The view was nice. My husband called the front desk to request a diff room. They told us that it was the most desireable room and that it was the room we booked. (Strange??...considering, we wouldn't know which room we booked.) They continued to says they're full, we're here during Xmas week. After insisting for a while, they finally found another room for us. 28th flloor, King size bed, fully renovated and same view. Way better! Even the bed covers were different. Not every room has an LCD flat screen TV because ours doesn't. The staff is not friendly, must be an Oahu thing. They seem to carry the NO mentality.Waikiki feels like you're in Tokyo. I wouldn't come to this island if you're looking for the Hawaiian-Aloha quiet feeling, but it's good if you want lots of shopping and a night life. I'm glad we didn't pay to stay here- for redeeming points, it's ok.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>cowboyshater
<Content>They will lie to you while they reach for your wallet! The hotel was fairly nice overall. Good location but the construction in the area made it a little difficult to get in and out. My main concern with this hotel is the way they treat people. I was traveling with my wife and two small children and I needed to get a late check out so that they could nap. The check out time is 11 am and our flight did not leave until 9pm that evening. The front desk said that they do not have any rooms available and that I must check out by 11 am since they have a reservation for my room. I told the guy that was helping me that I doubt that every room is booked and he said that they are booked 365 days a year with convention business. I said that I would not check out and that I would just stay in the room and pay the late check out charge, yes they have a late check out charge. $25 dollars to keep the room until 2pm. I have stayed in some really nice hotels and have gotten late check outs and I have not had to pay anything. Now back to the story, I said that they could not kick me out of the room as long as I was in good standing, at least that is what I think the law says and the guy said that they could indeed remove me from the hotel. To make a long story short he threatened to kick me out of the hotel, but was able to find a room that was vacant and that we could have that room for a $25 charge. Funny how every room is full every day of the year and I happend to find the one room that was un-occupied, man am I lucky! I am going to buy some lottery tickets.As with many resorts they nickel and dime you for everything. I was just really upset about paying $25 for an extra 3 hours and being lied to. Do yourself a favor and stay at any of the other hotels in the area.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	1	4	

<Author>miss_chris1
<Content>Wonderful Accomodations We just returned from Oahu where we had group reservations at the Sheraton Waikiki. I had read a wide range of reviews of this hotel in trip advisor and had some tripidations regarding dirty, old rooms with no view. Well, were we surprised upon arrival. We received a renovated oceanfront room with a view from the 20th floor. It was fabulous waking up each morning with the sun rising over Diamond Head and looking out into the Blue Hawaiian waters where the ocean meets the sky. The room on the lanai is generous enough to eat breakfast there each morning. You can stock up the refrigerator in the room by visiting one of the ubiquitous ABC stores for your supply of fruit, yogurt, drinks ... including beer, wine, and liquor. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. One early morning we had an emergency when one of us who is allergic to bees was stung. I called the front desk who immediately put us in contact with their sister hotel the Sheraton Princess where there is a Doctor on Call. They came and picked us up, took us to the hotel to see the doctor, then drove us to a pharmacy to get a prescription filled, and returned us back to the Sheraton Waikiki. All was completed in a little over an hour. Don't be afraid to ask for anything. You can even get a late checkout the day of your departure if you have a late flight. We were able to extend until 9 PM for $100. We had a midnight flight so having our room until 9 PM allowed us to head to the beach and enjoy one last day of Waikiki knowing we had our room to shower and rest. One last note, be sure to do the snorkeling excursion on the Maita'i catamaran. We got to swim with a sea turtle while snorkeling ... it was awesome! The catamaran is docked and launches right on the beach in front of the hotel. We will be back!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Shull
<Content>Awesome!!!!       View from our room  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>ike7101
<Content>shabby rooms, great location We stayed at this motel because my husband had a trade show there. The lobby is BEAUTIFUL, they greeted us with lei's and I was all excited UNTIL I GOT TO THE ROOM. The carpet was worn and nasty, the room smelled musty and it overlooked the roof top. A simple 16 ounce bottle of water was $4.50. YIKES. Internet connections will cost you about $70 per week. Considering the cost of their rooms, $280ish, you would think they could afford a complimentary bottle of water and connection to the internet!The hotel is apparently renovating (so far not on the 8th floor) and I had to listen to EXTREMELY loud drilling and hammering directly over my head from 8 in the morning until arount 4 in the afternoon.Though I spent most of my time outside, each day I wanted to nap in the afternoon before my husband was off work and wanted to go out for the evening. This was not possible.The Sand Bar is a lot of fun if you have Mike or Kent working, but the waitresses were not friendly and I was even told by one of them to either buy a drink (8-10 dollars a piece) or move on when I wanted to sit out there by the rail and read a book and watch the ocean mid morning before their lunch hour.From that point on (once I told every ear that could listen) our entire group of about a dozen folks stopped drinking in their bar the next 5 days and started going to other motels to spend money. It was extremely rude considering the first two days we dropped about $1000 on up in drinks and food for our group. A simple hamburger with potato chips was $10. Not only that, they are only open until 11:00 p.m. while all of the other lounges on that strip stay open late.I spent the rest of my week walking to the Hale Koa Military Barefoot Bar to read a book and relax. You do not have to be military to drink or sit there and you are not FORCED to buy drinks to enjoy the view.If my husbands company would not have been paying for this motel, we would have checked out IMMEDIATELY and went to another. We will never stay in this motel again.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	5	2	5	2	1	

<Author>Bryan242
<Content>Wonderful Stay! My wife and I stayed here for her brithday and our honeymoon and it was fantastic!They upgraded us from a room with no real view to one with a view of the beach and ocean. Waking up in the morning and standing on the balcony as the sun came up was an amazing site and felt great.The beds were comfy as was the rest of the room. The bathroom was a nice size, good shower and towels also.The staff was exceptional and very friendly(super helpful as well).I would definately stay here again whenever we come back.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>shanghaiied
<Content>excelent except!!!! this hotel is lovely. Service is great. We had starwoood rooms, on the 14th floor ocean view, the lanai was large, and the view stuning. Rooms are brand new, with full ammenities, great widescreen flat tv. beds are so deluxe hard to wake up. Japanese couples married here by the thousands. Elevators suck! like a tokyo rush hour.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>mapwhe
<Content>Old, small rooms no beach Unfreindly Staff This I am sure will be my last trip to the HI Islands. Yes, Waikiki is huge, overbuilt and the Sheraton is old with very little beach. The staff appears to have come with the hotel (Vintage) and was very unfriendly from the bar to the restaurants. Charges for every thing and maybe they could purchase some new beach towels that are a little larger than a hand towel. Very disappointed, NEVER AGAIN!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>micheallo
<Content>Renovated Rooms are Wonderful Stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki in October 2006. We were on the 16th floor in one of the newly renovated rooms with an oceanfront view. After reading other reviews here, I called ahead and requested a renovated room and then confirmed when I checked in. We received a lei greeting upon checking in- what an unexpected surprise.The room was wonderful. Loved the lanai (balacony). The room was as beauitful in person as is photographed on their website. Despite what I read here I did not find the elevator wait to be be too long. Housekeeping was excelent.Unforunatley, I found the aloha sprit to be waning with all non-tipped staff in Waikiki, including the staff at the Sheraton. We spent three days on Maui where the locals find it much easier to smile and talk story than on Oahu. Next year we are flying directly to Maui and skipping the Wakiki exerience.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>ASCMMC
<Content>Good location run down rooms The location of the hotel was central to all the shops and main tourist area but the room had stained musty carpet and you could actually see a holes in the walls on both sides of the wall air conditioner. I'm sure there are a bunch of better hotels for the same or a better value. You can definitely do better  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	5	1	3	3	3	

<Author>zeimet1
<Content>Nice room, convenient location, friendly service Stayed in mid-October 2006. My room appeared to be recently refurbished. It was very nice even though I didn't request anything special. My room had a sizable balcony with above average seating/tables which was a nice touch. There are no mosquitos in Hawaii so I often kept the balcony door wide open. The connected beach is terrific, lots of good waves and services.Bartender staff could be friendlier, but that's minor detail. Oh, each room has a wide-screen, LCD television. Very modern! I would stay again.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>olimaspecto
<Content>Decent hotel, but avoid the manor/annex! Stayed here for one night while visiting Honolulu enroute from the mainland to Kauai. The hotel does have a nice location on the point overlooking Waikiki so your can see the whole beach from the grounds of the hotel. Also nicely located close to the marketplace (Cheesecake Factory, etc), other hotels, and the beach. Grounds are pretty nicely kept and they have two pools. Do be aware that there are two types of accommodations - those located in the main hotel (the large tower that is most visible) and the smaller manor/annex which is connected to the hotel, but much smaller. We had a room in the manor/annex building (which can be considerably less expensive than the main building. The annex rooms are also not as nice and are in need of refurbishment. Very few of them have any type of view (we were lucky enough to get one that had a sliver of the ocean) other than the roof. Hotel was very busy with Japanese tour groups and always had a lot of people bustling about. Nice stay, but I wouldn't stay here again if I had to stay in the Annex, as there are much better values elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bm722
<Content>Will definitely like an encore!!! My husband and I spent 6 nights at the Sheraton Waikiki in September. At check-in, we were greeted with fresh leis and the hotel staff was very nice and friendly. We stayed on the 22nd floor with full ocean view and could hear the waves from our room. The balcony was also large enough and we had breakfast there every morning. The room was tastefully newly renovated with plasma TV. I highly recommend dinner at the Hanohano Room and at the Surfroom at the sister hotel, The Royal Hawaiian. The food was wonderful. Room service was always prompt (okay, the food was just okay, but what do you expect?, it鈥檚 room service!) and the activity desk was extremely helpful. I also liked the location of the Sheraton, you are close to all the shops, restaurants and the beach is just a few steps away. Our stay at the Sheraton was so memorable; we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cometman
<Content>Hassled the heck out of us selling timeshares then lied Stay away from the time share rip off sales people. They hassled the hell out of us. We finally gave in, and agreed to the talk but told them we don;t have an hour, they said fine, we'll still get you the same gift, look there's no pressure. Next thing you know they are telling us we have to buy today and they will not give us the gift because we are not buying today and we did not stay an hour. We were there 50 minutes although we agreed on 30. The rooms also were older and needed updated. I would never stay there again, there's too much nice classy stuff. The Royal Hawaiin next door is much nicer and classier. The Waikiki is like walmart for trailer trash.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	1	1	

<Author>BDJoe
<Content>A Pleasant Surprise! My wife and I spent 3 nights at the Sheraton Waikiki as part of our 25th anniversary celebration. I had booked my room on Hotwire. After reading some of the past reviews of this hotel on tripadvisor, I was a little concered about what to expect. At check-in, the hotel upgraded us to a newly renovated partial ocean view room on the 26th floor. The room was very nice, plenty of room, comfortable, quiet, and attractive. We had a nice view of the sunset from our lanai and the city lights at night make a great view. The hotel staff was very attentive and friendly. At check-in we each were given a fresh orchid lei. They had a bottle of champagne chilled in our room that first night, nice touch. We had no long waits for elevators. The 2 pools were nice and the areas were well kept. You only have a few short steps to access Waikiki Beach.We had dinner one night in the Hanohano Room on the 30th floor of the hotel. The view from there is wonderful. The food was very good and the service was great. They even had a 3 piece band playing during dinner, you could dance between courses or after dinner.Parking is $15day self, or $25day valet. We splurged on the valet. That was worth the $10 extra per day. Nice to have the car ready when you are, just get in and go, same with coming back.We would stay there again.Tips--make sure you have a good map of Honolulu, the streets do change names without warning!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pt_Fwd
<Content>Great stay       View from balcony at night  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>BB100
<Content>Get a Refurbished Room! My boyfriend (now fiance) and I stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki from Sept 1st to 8th. We had called a month in advance to book specifically for a refurbished/ renovated room (thanks to the advice of other TripAdvisor members). We even called back to confirm before we left. But, when we arrived at the Sheraton Waikiki, snotty front desk personnel told us that only a request for a refurbished room was put in and there were no guarantees that we'd be getting one. We were to check back the next day. Parking was $15 a day and the next morning, they wanted us to pay for the 7 days parking immediately, but we told them that if we weren't getting a refurbished room, then we were going to leave and stay elsewhere. We were given a refurbished room in less than 5 min! It was MUCH better than the old musty room that needed a facelift. The housekeepers were really nice and friendly. There were about 8-10 elevators servicing 31 floors... Not too bad a wait most of the time.You walk out to the back of the hotel and you literally meet the ocean. There's a little walkway that leads to the beach. There's live entertainment there from 6:30 to 8:30pm, where the Hawaiin folks sing with their ukeleles and do their dances. If you're a Starwoods member, you get 35% off the food portion of all meals. The breakfast buffet at Sheraton Waikiki and lunch buffet at the Moana Surfrider were really good. You'll need 2 pieces of ID to get into the bar if you look younger than 30. If you plan to go to the Cheesecake Factory, go early or expect a wait. The first time we went, it was 7pm and we had to wait 25-30 min. The second time, we arrived at 4pm and got a very good lunch portion deal- and no need to wait. The Japanese ramen restaurants offer delicious noodles at great affordable prices. Pick up those tourist magazines/ coupon booklets seen at every street corner. I found that the Japanese ones offer more coupons/ deals. Just pick one up and flip to the back of the booklet- some coupons have English written on one side. There are coupons for food, spa services, excursions, etc. If you want to get the best of Oahu, get out of Waikiki- rent a car! We got one from Hertz online for $21 a day. Ko Olina Lagoons, Hanauma Bay, Waikele Outlet stores, Kailua Beach, Turtle Bay, Polynesian Cultural Center, Byodo Temple, Ala Moana Shopping Center... Having a car gives you flexibility and convenience. All in all, it was great to come back after a day of relaxation and exploration to the comfort and luxury of a refurbished room. Sheraton Waikiki is great to stay, but some of the front desk staff need to be taught better customer service skills.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	2	4	4	

<Author>Davidwatts
<Content>Sheraton Waikiki - The Definition of Mediocre Unexicting, but servicable hotel. Rooms are good size, but in need of renovation (note: apparently renovations are underway, but I wasn't in an updated room). Service from staff varied from great to awful, but was generally impersonal. Has two pools; but no beach even though it is right on the water. Centrally located in Waikiki. My wife attended a convention at the hotel and we had a convention rate of about $170. For this rate, it was adequate, but would have been disappointed if I had paid much more. Note: in consideration of the number of late evening flights from Honolulu, the hotel allows occupancy of rooms until 9:00 pm for an extra $100. I consider this a good deal, as most hotels charge full rate after 6:00 pm. BOTTOM LINE: There are better properties in Waikiki, but this is OK if you find a good rate or are attending a function at this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>SanDiegotravelbug
<Content>Great hotel awesome vacation After reviewing this website to decide on a hotel I thought it was only fair to write a review. We are a family of five. My husband and my three kids (12,7,6) stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki for one week and had an awesome time. The hotel itself was very comfortable and the staff was very courteous and friendly. We were upgraded to a ocean view newly remodeled room. The beds were very comfortable and the room was very clean. We had no problems or complains at all. We travel often and have stayed at many nice hotels, we usually book at the Marriott but this one was just as nice. Waikiki in itself is a hot tourist spot with alot of people so it is only logical that here you wont find the serene sparkly beaches you see advertised. For that you have to drive out of Waikiki towards the North Shore. I would definetly recommend you rent a car. You get to see and visit so many places that way. I especially recommend Waimea Bay..so beautiful and calm. The water is turqouise and you can see the bottom clearly. The rooms at the Sheraton Waikiki have refrigerators, coffe makers and kettles. That was a big help for a family like ours with three kids. We went to Wal-mart and stocked up on drinks, water and snacks. I recommend early walks on the beach before the cowds. ..and an early morning coffee on the lanai watching the early surfers. Sorry this is so long but I hope it helps. by the way,,Waikiki beach was not dirty at all like other reviews mentioned. Maybe at the time they went but we just got back this morning and the beaches were clean and beautiful.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>pha1226
<Content>Thumbs up! We stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki for a conference then extended our stay. Our room was BEAUTIFUL! Very comfy king-sized bed, flat screen tv, nice clean bathroom, beautiful lanai with partial ocean view (easily visible from 1/2 the lanai). It's a very big hotel so the elevators were crowded but we didn't have any long waits. It's also very popular with Japanese tourists. The pool and bar areas were nice (but neighboring hotels have bars with better drinks and atmosphere). There is no real beach at this hotel but a short path leads to the nice beach in front of the Royal Hawaiian. Nice staff and wait staffs. Good entertainment by the pool during happy hour. Really cool giant sea turtles hang out in the ocean in front of the bar.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>KahunaMon
<Content>Sheraton Wiaikiki - a decent option in a great location Our family stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki for 6 nights as part of a business/vacation trip. If you want a hotel in the thick of the Waikiki scene this is a good choice. At check-in, my wife asked to be placed on a lower floor due to her height concerns. The gentelman who checked us in went to extraordinary lengths to secure us a room to our liking despite the high occupancy rate. Our room was recently remodeled in a very modern style. It was spotless throughout our stay, and the staff even did a great job of cleaning up the inevitable sand on the carpet and lanai. The lanai itself was spacious and a great place to watch the waves roll in and listen to the band by the pool. I would suggest adding a light so you can read. My wife and I did not like the lanai chairs at all, some minimalist jobs with a long seat and a tiny back. While this might be chic somewhere, it was completely uncomfortable and ruined the experience. Scrap them please! The pools were very nice, although the main pool was closed due to organic contamination the last day of our stay. This was probably because the kids were forced out of the kids pool to make way for a Bacardi beach party the day before. The beach was nothing to speak of, but all you have to do is go next door to the Royal Hawaiian, which has a great beach, and a wonderful beach bar. We were quite pleased with the food at the restaurants here, especially the island mixed grill at the Ocean Terrace restaurant. While I thought the staff at the bars were generally friendly, the drinks were uniformly weak. I've seen a lot of margarita recipes, none of which call for a single short shot of tequila. One man sent back his mai tai, noting he had come there for 20 years and knew what a mai tai was supposed to taste like. I would suggest going to the Halukalani or the Moana Surfrider or a good tropical drink or cocktail (the cocktails at Halukalani's Lewers' Lounge are out of this world), or stick to beer, wine or a straight martini here. [Go to Duke's or Lulu's for laid back atmosphere, good drinks and island fun]. I had fun at the Esprit club when they had island bands. These bands seemed to have a big following with locals. There also is no question that the elevator bay is amazingly crowded, and some groups of people are a little short in manners when it comes to waiting their turn. The kids club is wonderful, and our son wanted to go there everyday. Overall, despite the above quibbles, this was a fun and clean place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>brooks02151
<Content>Loved it! The ONLY things that needed improvement are the elevators and the timing of the maid service. There were about 10 elevators and only about 3 or 4 working..always crowds of people waiting for them. The maid service was great but the timing was not so good. Sometimes our room was not even made up at 3pm. Other than that, it was clean, comfortable, the staff was friendly. I loved everything about it. I have to admit after reading some internet reviews I was afraid to stay here. Many had said it was dirty, old and gross. The main hotel is unbelievable. I believe it is the manor wing these people were refering too which had no balconys and looked a little older then the rest of the hotel. But when staying here have no worries! It was very pleasant. i would love to stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>30000ft
<Content>Wonderful hotel but the public beaches ? We are now staying at the Sheraton Waikiki. The staff is wonderful, helpful , quick with any need , and the remodel is fantastic. Id recommend this hotel to any 5 star traveler. Due to the beautifully remodeled rooms, with flat screen tvs, and very W type streamline decor. Very comfortable beds, a serta or sealy perfect sleeper. Breathtaking views , and nice aloha flow. However the beach services are in need of help. The Mai Tai cruise is a beatiful catamaran ocean trip, however the staff who sign you up made us feel as though we were in a 3rd world country, it felt like they were hustling as though they needed the money, and you HAD to buy photos from the photographer who was not the friendliest . The surfing with Hans Hedelamann was really fun. I had Evan who made sure we all were up and really surfing , but my friends went out with another guy Sergient and he seemed preoccupied, and a bit rude. Sushi at the Sheraton was great , but the the sushi at Yunagi is a must ! Also we drove to the north shore ,and that is definetly worth the whole trip. Over all the Sheraton I say thumbs up but the beach needs to be redone! The people who work the pool and beach could be a bit more relaxed and friendlier! We sometimes felt we were staying at their house instead of a warm and friendly aloha! So dont go here if you want white sandy beaches, its a bit more rough, touristy, and the people who live here seem a bit rude, like your lucky to be there! Most were from CA which we found interesting. The Hawaiins seem very proud of their island, but the bar tenders and and again beach crew need more aloha spirit! Sadly the beach is a bit dirty, cig butts, in front of Halekulani , Sheraton and Royal Hawaiin. That was a bummer, and there was lots of plastic cups, etc in the water. So if they could clean up the beach and the people who hustle all these surf lesson, boat rides, etc and it would truly be paradise. I can imagine 30 yrs ago....wow.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IzzyRules
<Content>Our 25th Anniversary Celebration in April 2006       This picture was taken on our trip to the North Shore  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BetterthanBings
<Content>Our cute little room: Sheraton's Budget "Manor Rooms" I booked the Sheraton's budget Manor Wing lodgings when I attended a convention at the hotel in mid-June. Since I was unaccustomed to paying high-season rates for airfare to Hawaii from the West Coast, the convention rate of $90 for these rooms was a godsend. You won't like it if you're picky. The Manor Wing is an older wing at the front of the hotel, to the right before you enter the lobby. For me it was great. All I wanted to be in the hotel where everyone else was, and after that all it had to do was be clean, big enough for me and my room-mate, and give Starwood points. I paid $80 a night less than the next level up -- and that is just for a city view room. Manor wing rooms are small, but not too small. They only have twin beds, but they're firm. There is no lanai. But on the upper floors, you have a decent view of the city for the even-numbered rooms, and some of the odd-numbered rooms even have a spot of blue ocean visible! All the Manor Wing rooms start with the number 3, then the floor and then the actual room number. My room was 3708, which meant 7th floor, room 8. The 7th floor was high enough up to make the stay enjoyable -- more light, more view. Much lower and it might be a bit claustrophobic, since the hotel is really hemmed in by buildings. My view on the even-number side of the building was of the mountains, a bit of Kalakaua Ave., and of course, the Royal Hawaiian Shopping Center building across from the Sheraton. My friend, who was staying directly opposite me in 3709, had the perfect spot for the price: A sunny room with a sliver of blue ocean visible between the other Sheraton buildings. Any more to the left or right of him and you lost the little bit of ocean blue. I know because I imposed on some fellow convention-goers who had the room next to him and took a look out their window. They couldn't see the ocean but they could see the unsightly building equipment that wasn't in my friend's view. They did have the sunny side, however. I'd imagine that many of the other rooms stacked above or below 3709 would have more or less the same view, so it's worth taking note of the number. Just not the lower floors. My room-mate who shared the room with me was thrilled. She travels a lot for business and is picky when she needs to be. She thought the room was cute, just perfect for the price. She had to do business while staying there, so set up the internet service and worked in the room each morning just as she would at a business class hotel. Not Maid service was great, and other than not being in the main part of the hotel, it was great to be on site, just as close to the beach as anyone else in the hotel and having the terrific feeling of getting up early in the morning and walking through the lobby and onto the beach for a morning stroll!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DenverWing
<Content>Not bad, but very busy I'm just about to check out of the Waikiki Sheraton and I wanted to share my thoughts...Pros:-Nice rooms - I was the first person to stay in my room on the 14th floor after renovations. The room had a botique hotel feel, with moden furniture and a flat scree hotel. The bathroom has shutters that open up, so you can have a view of the ocean from the shower. -Two pools - while you have to look for a while, you can find a chair - regardless of the time of day.-Decent service - while house keeping had forgot to provide the free water (for rewards members at any level) and tea bags, when I called down to the front desk, it was brought up right away.Cons:-If you want peace and quiet, this is not the place for you. The hotel common areas are always VERY busy. -Next to no beach - during high tide, there's really no beach at all-Limited entertainment options - If you enjoy a good place to toss a few back, I recomend Dukes, which is a short walk down the beach. The night club in the hotel is well-suited for an older crowd (40+).-The buffet is iffy at best - for $20, I expected a lot more. Most of it's catered to tourists from Japan, which make up more then half the guests in the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>holagato
<Content>Completely unethical I just returned from a conference at the Sheraton Waikiki and was dismayed to find out that hotel charges the same rate for two different kinds of rooms -- the awful, outdated ones and the super nice refurbished ones. I stayed in both and can tell you the difference is night and day: hard, stiff beds with smelly, ugly furniture versus soft comfortable beds with new beautiful decor. The front desk doesn't disclose this, and I think it is unethical to charge the same rate for a vastly different experience. If you stay there, be sure to ask for the modern rooms on the 16th floor or above (though I believe the 30th floor has also not been completely renovated).  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laurengucsb
<Content>Great Hotel, Perfect Location Although I was in town for business, I managed to find some time to enjoy Waikiki. The Sheraton Waikiki is in a perfect area to walk to the upscale shops like Gucci and Louis Vuitton, and of course, is right on the beach. It's partnership with other similar branded hotels in the area makes it easy to charge everything to your room. The staff is friendly and knows everything about the area. Many of the rooms are recently renovated with flat screen TVs and their famous Sweet Sleeper beds. I stayed in an oceanview room and it was oversize and offered a spectacular view from the balcony. I can't wait to return to to the Islands and will definitely be staying at the Sheraton Waikiki again. Oh, and don't miss the mai tai's at the Sand Bar!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sheila88
<Content>Everything I hoped it would be       View of Diamond Head from balcony  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gmadonna
<Content>Sheraton Fine for Weekend Getaway This Sheraton Waikiki was fine for a weekend trip but would not stay for long period of time. The renovated rooms are nice and clean. To experience real Hawaii don't go to Waikiki, go to any other island. But to stay for a weekend, it was just fine and served it purpose.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location, views, and food! I just returned from a trip with my parents and husband and felt compelled to write since there are so many negative reviews on this hotel. This is our third stay at Sheraton Waikiki and wouldn't stay elsewhere. We requested the renovated rooms and were not disappointed. The rooms were spacious, elegant, and very clean. We had a mountain view and a partial ocean view room. The partial ocean isn't worth the extra money - I'd stick with the mountain view. The hotel is fabulous. The location is right on the beach and has two pools so there is always a spot in the sun. The hotel is VERY large and is bustling 24/7. This is a great hotel for anyone looking for a place on the beach with access to shopping, dining and entertainment. The feeling is more urban sophisticate - if you are looking for calm and tranquil, this is not the hotel for you. However, if you enjoy lots of opportunities for fun, sun and dining, this is your place.Check out the Hanohano Room - the restaurant on the 30th floor. The food is delightful and the views are even better. It is a bit pricey, so if you are on a budget, you can go to the bar for a drink and still get the spectacular view. Enjoy.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kasice
<Content>Nice refurbished rooms My fiance' and I stayed at this hotel in April for 5 days. Our reservation included a request for an ocean front room. We knew the hotel had been refurbishing the rooms and requested one upon arrival. The refurbished room was wonderful. The duvet was white with a gorgeouos throw over the bed. The decor was clean and elegant. We were travelling with friends who also had an updated room, however, some items in their room were not updated. For example, the TV in our room was a flat screen mounted to the wall. Theirs was not. The new bathroom was really nice. More on the contemporary side. One other traveller in our group ended up with a room (ocean front) that was not refurbished. This room had bulkier furnishings and a floral bed cover. This room was really nothing fancy and in big need of an update. It appeared that the refurbished rooms were not being done in any particular order. Ask for one of the refurbished rooms when you book your reservation. You'll be glad you did.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>pointe201
<Content>Good!!! I was here for a conference with my family and this was are first trip to Ohau. This hotel was excellent and exceeded are expectations. The staff was excellent and so were the rooms.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FrequentFrier
<Content>To the Manor Born If you have only a night or two in Honolulu and want to sample Sheraton hospitality in Waikiki on a budget, I would recommend the Manor (annexe) at the back of the Sheraton Waikiki. Ask for rooms 3607/9, 3707/9 or 3807/9 in the Manor, as these all have sea glimpses. The decor is somewhat tired, but the bed was comfortable and clean, and all the fittings worked. The room was quiet overnight, and close enough to the rest of the hotel to enjoy all the amenities. I found the pools and poolside areas clean and inviting, and the multitude of eating places (for high and low budgets) attractive. You can spend what you save on accommodation on enjoying Hawaiian hospitality!  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mmarks72
<Content>We liked it Big Thanks to Trip Advisor people that write about their trip. After reading reviews for 6 months I felt I owed Trip Advisor a review of my recent Hawaii trip. I just returned from being married in Oahu (April 17 - 22). The reviews and advice by other people writing reviews were very helpful. The best advice was from someone that wrote a review last summer about becoming a Star Wood member (SPG--) for all the Sheraton Hotels on Oahu (Sheraton Waikiki, The Royal Hawaiian, Sheraton Moana Surfrider and Sheraton Princess Kaiulani).I was upgraded from Preferred Star Wood membership to Gold then I transferred American Express points for a free room and upgrade. I also let them know I was getting married. This also was an upgrade.Hotel: Sheraton Waikiki GREAT place to stay. We had a Mountain View which means we were facing north looking over Honolulu with Pearl Harbor, ocean and airport view to the left. Parking was $10 per day in parking deck.We were in a refurbished room (Room 1921), the staff was very friendly. This is a BIG Hotel.Married by: (--) - Steve Young very good guy.Book to read 2 times: Oahu Revealed. I read 2 other books and by far this was the best. It starts at Honolulu and circles the island city-by-city counter clock wise. It has detailed things to see and stories.Best thing to do: Plan out your day(s) before you leave and get to things like Arizona Memorial early. We got there at 7 am and were in Group 2. A group got there at 8:30 and had a 4 hour wait.Cool things to look into doing (We spent a lot of time driving and seeing sites). Also spend the extra money and get a convertible. Thrifty was $288 for the week. We got a lot of sun in the car and did not want to spend a ton of time on the beach (We spend a lot of time in Gulf Shores Alabama).1) Punch Bowl2) Round Top drive - great views3) Drive Hwy 61, 63, and H3 into mountain passes4) Diamond Head5) Kualoa Ranch - 50 First Dates, Jurassic Park plus other movies6) Polynesian Cultural Center7) Airport Lei Greeting - (--)8) Hanauma BayHope this helps.MM  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lsciarra
<Content>Filthy The Sheraton Waikiki was filthy! I do not know what has happened to this hotel. This was my third and final stay. Our room was so worn and dated. We were able to upgrade for four of our eight nights to a renovated room. We were told that we would have to move out of this room on the fifth day since it was not available. I agreed and on the fifth day I reluctantly went to the front desk to see about our new room. I could not believe my eyes upon seeing this new room. It was worse than the first! The beds were small and hard. The rugs were worn and dirty. The bathroom tile was discolored and cracked. The fixtures were old and there was no fan in the bathroom. All night long I listened to the flushing of the industrial toilets. The hallways were dirty and there was candy stuck to our doorway. Our room was not cleaned the next day and I then watched a roach scurry across the dresser. Ants soon followed and I went to management. They were very apologetic and they worked very hard to help us. They moved us next door to the Royal Hawaiian at their expense. The pool and chairs at the Sheraton were dirty and the pool towels are the size of a small bath towel.Management was a plus but overall service was pool. My days at the Sheraton Waikiki have come to an end!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>tgw5631
<Content>Don't Do It Just in a few words....stay somewhere else! This place was nothing like what it showed on the internet. Rooms are bad...smell awful of smoke. The floor in the room was even slanted and the molding was coming down from the ceiling. We stayed about an hour and then went to the J. W. Marriott Ihilani Resort for not much more a night...and that place is FABULOUS!!! I definitely recommend it instead, even though it is a little of a drive to Honolulu. Well worth it.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>uskuhlmans
<Content>Try Anothr I spent four nights at the hotel for a conference and was not impressed. The conference rate seemed to be quite high and was more likely a function of supply/demand than a reflection of value. The staff was pleasant and the meals prepared for the group ranged from acceptble to wonderful. However, the room was dowdy and there were some odd quirks. My message light stayed on all the time--despite no messages and repeated promises to fix it. The shower only pointed straight out, rather than down, which was very odd. My main complaint was the nickel and diming that was everywhere. They offered one free pack of in-room coffee with others available at a modest price. The bottled water could be taken for $4.25!! and there was no mileage credit given because of our group rate. I would neither go back nor recommend it based on my experience.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>beachgirl48
<Content>Stayed 2/25/06-3/4/06 Stayed here 5 years ago and it was great. The cleanest hotel I was ever in. Must be under different management now. Not as clean and getting worn looking. They are refurbishing rooms but those are looking ultra modern. They lost the Hawaiian Charm. This hotel has the best view in Waikiki. Oceanview with view of Diamondhead. Loved waking to that everyday for a week. We booked 7 months prior to vacation and asked for a king room. When we got there at 9:00 P.M. all they had was a shabby room with 2 full size beds. They told us to keep things packed and check with the desk the next morning for a king room. We did that. We got a king room but had to wait until after 3:00 that day to get into it. I think they should have had a king room reserved for us from the beginning.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Manor Wing - only good for overnight I have to give the Sheraton credit, we were staying in the budget Manor wing and because we were on our honeymoon (on our way to Kauai) they had champagne waiting for us in our room.The room itself was basic but comfortable, very date, tatty carpets but clean and for the price quite good.We wouldn't stay in the Manor Wing again except for an overnight stay as we did last time, but would like to try the more upmarket accommodation. Everything went very smoothly and the buffet (which we paid for), was fantastic!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TC1
<Content>Outdated on the rooms, but can't beat the price for the location..... We stayed here for 1 night on a layover to the Big Island, so we didn't have a huge opportunity to use the hotel much. We had a room on the 28th floor, which had a great view, but definately didn't feel clean. It is one of the old rooms (from which I understand some of the other rooms have been renovated) - old style bathroom, sketchy bedspread, dirty carpet. My husband is platinum, so we stay at a ton of these properties. This is one of the properties where the rooms are not necessarily up to standards. However, the staff were nice and the location of the hotel can't be beat (close to shops, restaurants). It doesn't have a beach but is literally directly across the street. It is adjacent to the more upscale Sheraton Moana Surfrider (which doesn't really have much more of a beach). We would potentially stay here again if it were for a short stay (plus how much time do you really spend in the room?).  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ydougher
<Content>out dated We checked in for 2 nights and were given a room on the 28th floor. We dropped off our bags and were on our way out to meet family so I didn't have the time to see all the faults right away, or I would have gotten another room immediately. We returned back to our hotel around 8pm that's when I started to notice the urine smell in the bathroom, I thought I would take a shower to relax, while I was in the shower I notices some foreign material in the soap dish which grossed me out and cut my shower short. While brushing my teeth I noticed to dirty, yellow, sticky ring marks on the counter. I climbed into bed when I noticed the bed had a thin sheet with a dirty blue blanket on top and a dirty patterned bedspread on that. This was shocking usually sheraton's are known for their great beds. I threw everything on the floor and slept with the paper thin sheet. Gazing out the window I noticed filthy hand prints all over the window and smudge marks. I then reluctantly fell asleep. In the morning I spoke with the manager, we had plans to be gone all day and would only be returning in the evening to leave the following morning. I requested all bedding be new and clean and the room to be cleaned to my standards. Upon arriving back that evening the bed had 2 sheets, with a blanket inbetween and a white clean down comforter. Finally it was cleaned the way it should have been.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DMNWA
<Content>Good location, great view - updated rooms are extra nice We just attended a large convention at this hotel and had fairly low expectations (especially after staying at the Turtle Bay Resort). We were pleasantly surprised with the Sheraton Waikiki. The staff was pleasant and our ocean front room was wonderful. It is one of the newly refurbished rooms and was bright, airy, and clean. We had a spectacular view of Diamond Head. The fitness center wasn't bad, but there was a long line each morning since many other convention attendees wanted to use the facility before seminars and there was a wait for equipment. Plus, this is the only fitness facility for all 4 Sheratons. The charging privileges at the other hotels was a plus (check out the Mai Tai Bar at the Royal Hawaiian) EXCEPT for the woman at the Royal Hawaiian logo wear shop who couldn't figure out how to do a charge to the Sheraton Waikiki. After waiting 15 minutes, I threatened to walk out and she said that would be just fine, so I did!!We had an outstanding meal at the Japanese restaurant on the second floor. It is a bit hard to find - take the elevator from the shopping arcade. The food was great and service was exceptional. Unfortunately, the Ocean Terrace was pretty bad. We had a terrible breakfast buffet there one morning and never went back.The only complaint about this hotel is that some of the service is a bit spotty with uninformed and apathetic employees, but I sense that is not unusual on Oahu. Also, the common areas really were not cleaned very well. The garbage receptacles at the elevator areas were usually overflowing and there was a strip of plastic (the kind that is used to bundle newspapers or large stacks of things) laying on the floor in the hallway for the entire 5 days we were there - even though we often saw maid carts right next to it!Bottom line, if you can get an ocean front newly refurbished room, this is a great place to stay in Waikiki.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BigAl77
<Content>Excellent Hotel at any price! I booked a city view room at the government rate ($130 a night) and was upgraded to a partial ocean view, renovated room. The partial ocean view room offered the best of both worlds. I could see the ocean and the quite spectacular city view, especially at night. From reading the other reviews here at trip advisor I lucked out by getting a renovated room. The room was immaculate and had an appealing modern decor. The bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on! I am now looking into buying the entire bed setup for my home, it was really that comfortable. The staff was always friendly and accommodating. The location of the hotel is excellent, right in the middle of everything. The main pool is a little on the small side but it is actually seemed like one of the larger pools of all the hotels on the ocean in Waikiki. Most people skip the pool and just go to the beach which is right next to the hotel.If you can get a renovated room I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>trip101
<Content>An Excellent Hotel NOTE: Before going on our vacation I read other reviews about the Sheraton, Waikiki, and fully expected to find a dilapidated building with few facilities. However, my husband and I found these comments to be untrue and very unfair. We are both Australians of European background, who have travelled extensively. Below are our unbiased experiences at the Sheraton Waikiki from late January to 9 February 2006. STAFF  SERVICE: Excellent. Staff were consistently polite and friendly throughout the hotel and its facilities.ROOM:We stayed in the main tower, with a view overlooking the streets behind the hotel. There was a partial ocean view from the balcony. While not an ocean view, at night the view of the city was very agreeable. Ocean-front rooms are available at a higher rate if preferred.Appearance: Spacious with good quality furniture that was some 20 years or so old, but still OK (NB: the hotel advised us that it is refurbishing the entire hotel and has already commenced doing this).Bed: Comfortable king-size with fresh linen, which on request could be changed dailyBathroom: Good, but lacked a fan. Otherwise, quite reasonable. Non-Smoking room: There was no hint of smoke in the room. As an asthmatic this was a very important feature for meUpgrade: We asked for an upgrade from the Manor, which was possible during the dates we choseFACILITIES:Excellent, with the usual features of a good quality hotelPool: two small onesBeach: Within easy reach (30 second-walk on either side)Bars: Several with regular serviceLobby and entrance: Very modern and pleasing to the eyesSmall shops: the usual range of jewellery and gift selections, plus two well-priced small cafesLifts: Numerous. Can require short wait if too many people are using them. But nothing that was unreasonable.Guests: A good mixture of backgrounds. All guests were friendly and we felt very safe and comfortable. There are quite a number of Japanese wedding parties during each week that provide a sort of festival atmosphere. Guests for these were all very friendly and courteous. Food: We sampled the evening buffet twice and were delighted with the high quality and range of food available.LOCATION:Perfect, right in the middle of all the shopping and main attractions for those venturing away from the peaceful relaxation of the hotel's amenities. Beach: Absolute beachfront, with useable beaches on either side, and a very enjoyable view of the ocean from the back. A major plus.Nearby: A short stroll to either side of the hotel from the beach paths took us to other hotels with beachfronts. Plus there were many ABC shops in the main street that stock most daily needs at reasonable prices (these are scattered all over Honolulu).OVERALL:We would definitely like to stay at this hotel again. Even without the refurbishment of the hotel rooms, it provides a resort-like feel that we found irresistible.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>4upstateNY
<Content>Not as bad as believed to be! After reading some of the reviews I have to say I was somewhat uneasy about staying here.But...we just got back from staying at the Sheraton Waikiki 1/19-1/27 and found the hotel to be very accomodating. We never waited in any lines for longer than 5 min. and was treated with the utmost graciousness demonstrated by the Hawaiian culture. Everyone was friendly and went out of their way to make our stay a memorable one. We stayed in 4 separate rooms, we were on the 28th floor(newly renovated room) that was very comfortable,clean and had a spectacular view,our sons who are young adults had a room on the 12th floor,friends of ours had another room on the 10th floor and also a room in the tower. Although the tower room was nothing spectacular, it is what I'd expect for the cost of the room. All the rooms were refreshed daily by a friendly housekeeping staff. The location is close to the major shopping venues and the beach is a mere few steps away. We've stayed at a lot of different resorts and didn't find this hotel to be as big a let down as the others had us to believe. On the contrary, it helped us leave with wonderful memories of Hawaii.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lovetospend
<Content>Sheraton Waikiki, Just Fine and Great Location I have to say this to all the people writing negative reviews Oh My God, You are in Hawaii. I just got back on Monday and had a great time. I was a little apprehensive after reading all the negative reviews and I was very pleasantly surprised. I asked for a refurbished room and it was decorated very nicely and very comfortable (nice plasma TV), we were only in there too sleep anyway. The staff was great, they were always giving my son little gifts. I also paid for a City View and was given one with an Ocean View (most of them have Ocean Views anyway). And the wall paper in the hallways, who cares, do you sit in the hallways and stare at the paper(?)! The gym was very nice, the pool was nice (they had a shallow pool for children too) and the location was perfect. I am so glad I picked this hotel. I liked the fact that it was more private than the other hotels and it had a small, very pretty private beach without all the traffic from the main beach (which you also have access to). The staff was great and the food at the hotel was great. You have a lot of food options. I loved the fact that a catamaran picks you up right there on the beach, Maitai Catamarans, check them out. The hotel is very centrally located, you can walk to everything.We normally stay at 4+ star hotel and this hotel was just fine. I think it was well worth the money and I highly recommend staying here, just get a newly refurbished room.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid this hotel like the plague! If you are looking for a sorry experience while in Waikiki, this is the place. You can do a lot better in places half the price. Rooms are old - granted that they are planning to update them, but for now, they are awful. Dirty rugs, old mattresses. Nothing in this place seemed to work. The check-in took a long time and was not particularly friendly. Of course, it was a breeze compared to the check-out, when the line was at least 25 people long. The wait for elevators was endless although there are easily 10 in the bank. I think only two are really working. Last, the beach area here is very limited. You can easily do better elsewhere.Aloha.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Terrible Hi Everyone,I thought I would write a review on this Hotel after spending three nights there in early Jan '06.If you are one of the people reading the reviews here and think the positive reviews outweigh the negative reviews let me set you straight, they don't.The positives:The viewThe negatives:Ocean-Front Room $325USD + Taxes - no value here based on what you receive.Sure, this Hotel is absolutely beachfront, but there's practically no sand - most of the waves break on the sea wall. What's the point in being beachfront when there's no sand.The ocean-front room had a pathetically small balcony with half the view obstructed by a wall from the balcony on the other side.No spa in the room.The oldest decor I've ever seen bar 2 star hotels charging 10% of this price, sure they claim to be renovating the rooms but in my opinion this place should be closed until it's completed.Paper thin walls so you get woken up by the people in the rooms next door.The smallest pool areas I have ever seen, people place their towels on the chairs at 7am to reserve them. The same people are on the same chairs day after day.At times long waits for elevators, this is a busy hotel and there's not enough evelvators.It's like visiting Japan without going to Japan, [--] because Gucci, Prada etc are all just outside the Hotel on the shopping strip.All in all I would suggest staying elsewhere, this hotel is a disgrace to the Sheraton name and should be avoided at all costs, especially since those costs are extremely high for what they provide.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>WaikikiQueen
<Content>Manor Wing; Don't do it! We stayed at the Manor Wing in the Sheraton Waikiki because it was in the perfect location and very cheap! Although the hotel is central to almost everything, I would never stay in the manor wing again! The walls were black (but used to be white), the lock on the door was falling off and it gave me the feeling that the sheets were never clean. Thankfully we got upgraded to a very nice room because they ran out of King Mattresses which we had ordered. Not to mention, it took 3 hours to get some service in the manor wing on the night we arrived after a 6.5 hour flight. All in all, if you enjoy staying at a very dirty hotel and have no problem with it, the Manor wing may be right up your alley! Enjoy:)  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nicely Refurbished. I reluctantly reserved a room for one night after a change in plans made me arrive a day earier than expected and the Hilton was out of rooms for that one night.A non smoking room was not available when I reserved and I was expecting a run down, smelly room.When we arrived at 10 a.m. They had a room ready and it turned out to be excellent. The room had been completely refurbished. Great choice of style. No smoking smell at all. The furnishings were all new.The service was attentive without being irritating. The valet parking was efficient and smooth. All the staff were polite and eager to answer questions.The only negatives were the slightly abnoxious time share salesmen / women. Thin walls / doors. And of course the pool and beach. Both pretty much non-existent. Thank god for the Hawaiian open beach access policy.Also the hotel is located steps away from the main Waikiki shopping areas. Which is always a plus.All in all, a suprisingly good hotel with attentive service and nicely refurbished rooms. While we were leaving, it looked like they were replacing all of the TV's in the rooms.If you don't mind walking a bit to a wide area of beach and your neighbors aren't too noisy. This was a great Waikiki hotel and surely deserves an upgrade in this rating scheme.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Deb249
<Content>beautiful view/rundown room Just got back from a five day stay at the Sheraton Waikiki. This is my fifth time in Oahu, second time that I have stayed at the Sheraton. (about 15 years ago)We were there for a conference and we were lucky to get a ocean front view (about $267 per night) View overlooking the pool and ocean, great sunsets.Other than that, the room is very outdated, small room, furniture all nicked up, bathroom very small and below standard for what this hotel is rated for.Bedspreads looked like they were changed and clean as well as staff was very diligent about cleaning. No complaints about that.Last morning there we were woke up by men cleaning the carpets by elevator and hallway. Very distubring at 8:00. Would not stay here again for the money.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Sheraton Wakiki I was pleasantly surprised of our room at the Sheraton. After reading the reviews here I was kinda nervous about what we would find..Checkin went very fast and smooth..we were on the 14th floor Ocean Front. Great Balcony!! The location of the Sheraton can not be beat! We walked just about everywhere and that was very convenient!The only negative I have is the main pool area..after being in several Caribbean hotels, the Sheraton needs to upgrade their pool area. Too small and not pretty. Just your basic pool. The employees are all very friendly! Breakfast buffet was really good and overall this was a great hotel!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>danwhy
<Content>Spectacular view, Great service!       view of the hotel from the ocean  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great view, dodgy ceiling... It's hard to slate this place, the location is great, the staff are friendly, the pool bar does some mean cocktails and strolling on the beach for dip in the water is just too easy. We were fortunate enough to get a room on the 29th floor and the view really was awesome, but heck yes... as other reviewers have said, a full refurb is so needed in these rooms. When we opened our balcony door the ceiling tiles lifted 3 inches into the air!!!! That said, it was clean and we had a great evening there. Am sure you will too.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lyn2Go
<Content>The place to stay!!!!       Below our room was the pool and beach  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cfd
<Content>best location on waikiki just back from the Sheraton waikiki where we were married on the Diamond Head Lawn. Our room on the 18th floor had a beautiful unobstructed view of the ocean and Diamond head. The hotel is right on the beach and a short walk to shopping and restaurants. I did not encounter any of the problems i've read in other reviews of very crowded, slow elevators, old musty rooms etc. I loved everything about the Sheraton. We had our wedding dinner at the Hanohano Room on the 30 the floor of the hotel which offered a beautiful view of Waikiki at night. I can't wait for my next visit back here.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location, 5-star staff service, 3 stars for the property Ahh the quest for a memorable holiday and lodging/accommodation is a major factor to consider. Half the battle is won if you're staying in an Ocean view room, and this is the case in Sheraton Waikiki.We stayed in a standard room with a city view (at their normal rate): Positives: Good-sized room compared to the other hotels in Waikiki; good housekeeping standards; very helpful staff; central to everything.Negatives: I totally agree with other guests comments eg the cigaratte/tobacco stench in the room' and the hallway- just won't go away despite the perfume and carpet steamer; the amenities provided to the guests or lack of it; how bad the sound-proofing is - you can hear the plumbing next door, etc.; heavy traffic in the elevators; proximity of your balcony to the next property; and even the quality of food wasn't 5-star either. Get this: We used room service a number of times - on each occasion - food and fruit cocktail drink was delivered without a plate lid/cover/protection - from the KITCHEN to the SERVICE ELEVATOR and all the way up to our room -----now that is a major concern for food handlers !!! Overall, the friendliness and responsiveness of the staff made up for all of the hotel's shortcomings - we had to give them credit for trying all the time. At the end of the day, that's what the guests remember most and it all adds up.To sum it up, The best thing going for Sheraton Waikiki is its staff  location definitely 5 stars. Hopefully, when they complete their renovations, the property will live up to its 4.5/5 stars claim. And, if you're a big fan of the Sheraton Waikiki, then stay there during the low season when they offer very special rates for Ocean Room views!!!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good stay....this time The last time I stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki was back in 1993. Not a whole lot of changes since then. I had paid for an ocean view room and was given an upgrade to a suite, which was a wonderful surprise. Had to wait an hour or so to get into the room, which wasn't too much of a bother. Noticed that the carpeting should be cleaned. If vacationers don't like huge hotels, 30 floors, they shouldn't stay at this hotel. A lot of activity in the lobby. Unfortunately on my last day in the hotel, I wasn't told that they were going to shut off the water to my floor due to construction on the floor above and when I went to take a shower so I could get ready for my trip back home, there was no water. Called the desk and was told that I should have been made aware of this. My problem was that I paid extra to stay after the check out time and now had to take my shower in the hospitality area. I was credited for the amount I paid extra and things worked out, but I was a little miffed that this happened. Obviously someone dropped the ball. The location of this hotel is good. Close to restaurants and shopping. Lots of things in walking distance. I would stay at this hotel for future vacations.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated the Sheraton My husband and I just got back from traveling to Hawaii for our anniversary and we stayed at the Shearton Wakkiki. The hotel is quite expensive and you would think that they would have a fan in the bathrooms, but they don't. They basically cater to foreigners from Japan and business travelers. So if your not either one of those, I would'nt suggest staying there.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tequilatamm
<Content>Another Winner on Waikiki Beach I am a big fan of the Sheraton Hotel Chain and also visit Hawaii often.Hawaii is one of my favourite places to stay in Sheratons, as there are so many of them there. They are generally not quite as elegant as in other locations because they get so much traffic and are more tourist than business related, but are always good value for money.While I have stayed at the Moana Surfrider many times, this was my first occasion to stay at the Big Sheraton on the point, built in the late 60s, I believe, and home to The Brady Bunch in the Hawaiian episode(s).I figured there was a pretty good bet of getting some sort of view room, as something like 70% of the rooms have an ocean view, although not a Diamond Head Ocean view....And I was not disappointed. I had a view which looked toward the Marc hotel over their pool, but to the left of that, had a view of the ocean looking in the direction opposite do Diamond Head, which was also quite pleasant in its own way.I have heard other reviewers say that this hotel is tired looking and needs a renovation badly. While my room indeed didn't look like it had been done up in awhile, it was not tired looking and was reasonably large.The bathroom was big and comfortable, and the air conditioning worked well. The room also had a large balcony off of it, which was nice to sit out on and watch the world go by.Upon check-in, the staff were characteristically friendly, as they always are at the Moana during my stay, and very helpful.While I have never stayed at this hotel before because my feeling was that it is a bit too far from the center of Waikiki Beach (which I consider to be where the Moana Surfrider and The Outrigger Waikiki are located), I actually found it very centrally located, all-in-all.Certainly the area near the beach of the Moana/Outrigger area are more elegant feeling and nicer to stay at generally, I wouldn't rule The Sheraton Waikiki out for another stay if the price was right again (I got a good rate this time).And I'd definitely say that you've got a better chance to get a view room at this hotel than the other Sheraton without paying extra, since there are so many rooms.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Afterall, Enjoyed A Stay My boyfriend and I stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki from Aug. 18 for 4 nights. After reading recent hotel reveiews, even though we were so excited about the first trip to Hawaii, we were already skeptical about the place to stay. However, once we got there, we were relieved that it was not as bad as some of the reviews. Yes, we had a city view room which gave us nothing but neighbouring hotel room view, but since we hardly stayed in our hotel room, it didn't really matter. Since there are plenty of things you can do out there, we were there just to sleep. Yes, room was smelling of smoke, but after spraying perfume, it didn't matter. King size bed was very comfortable to sleep and room may seem little boring, but reasonably clean. People working there were friendly, open terrace cafe was very relaxing to eat, and most of all, you cannot ask better location than that. Restaurant, pharmacy, shopping, entertainment are just few minutes away. If you are not looking for sit back and relax vacation in Hawaii, staying at this hotel will offer you plenty of things to do. For beach goers, Waikiki beach is not a place to enjoy, so definitely recommend you to go more remoted beaches by car or reserve activity tours that will take you nice beaches. So, anyway, afterall, we enjoyed our trip to Hawaii.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location- Very Uncomfortable Beds The location of this hotel was GREAT. It provided easy beach access on one side and direct shopping access on the other side. We traveled with two teenagers and they could walk up and down Wakiki Beach very easily because the hotel was centrally located. Since this was our first time in Hawaii- the location was very helpful.The rooms are nothing fancy and the beds are VERY uncomfortable. Don't expect to come back from a long day hiking or swimming and relax in a comfortable bed. You'll wake up in the morning pretty stiff. I also recommend asking for another pillow....you'll probably receive the upgraded pillow. The original pillows in the room felt like they were stuffed with pieces of foam- the second pillow I received must have been the upgraded version because it was much softer. The lobby of the hotel provides easy access to the beach so the traffic is pretty heavy. Expect to wait in the lobby through 1-2 elevators to avoid packing in like sardines. The breakfast buffet is nice ($20/person)- a little pricey but good food. We loved Wakiki overall. The people are fantastic and accommodating. We recommend Duke's for breakfast/lunch and the Hula Grill for dinner- right down the street from the hotel. Relax, hang loose, and try not to be an annoying tourist. When we go back, we will try a different hotel in the same general location.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sarahc123
<Content>Major disappointment We stayed at the Sheraton for 3 nights this week. We were there for a conference and got a conference rate of around $190 a night...not a deal at all considering that this hotel was not much better than a $50 a night hotel we stayed in earlier in our trip. At check in, we were told our room would have a city view, which wasn't what we had reserved. We couldn't get the ocean view we had booked, but we managed to get a partial ocean view (i.e., if you lean over your balcony you can kind of see the ocean). They told us we'd be upgraded to a king size bed instead of 2 double beds. When we got to the room, we discovered that our king size bed was actually 2 single beds that could be pushed together to make a king size bed - what a hassle. Speaking of beds, they were very uncomfortable (despite ads in the lobby bragging about their new comfortable beds...I guess they're replacing the old beds one room at a time or something). When we finally got to our room after a ridiculously long trek from the elevator, we hoped it would smell better than the hallway. No luck - the room smelled like stale smoke (despite the fact that it was supposedly non-smoking) and various other bad smells. The room itself was just plain ugly - looked as though it hadn't been updated in a good 20 years (the whole hotel looked that way). Hideous bed spreads, ugly wall paper, tacky furniture. On the upside, it was really clean. On the downside, we couldn't use the fridge unless we wanted to pay extra to rent it (something like an extra $60)! We spent a total of 2 weeks in Hawaii and this was by far the most expensive room we stayed in - and also the only room where we couldn't use the fridge free of charge. The balcony/lanai was nice, except it was waaaayyyyy too close to the balcony of the room next to us (they were adjoining balconies with no barrier to speak of between them).Overall, the Sheraton Waikiki was a huge disappointment, from the slow and jam-packed elevators to the ugly, smelly rooms to the overpriced and poorly prepared food in the restaurant to the ridiculously expensive extras like fridge and internet access. I wouldn't complain if we had paid even $100 a night for the hotel, but for $200 a night I expect to enjoy my stay somewhere. I am completely serious when I say that we enjoyed our stay at a $50 a night hotel almost as much as we enjoyed the Sheraton. I definitely wouldn't stay here again unless I got an amazing price.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the location After reading the reviews I was apprehensive about this hotel to say the least. The location was awesome. Right in the heart of Wakkiki Beach. The hotel is very large so it was somewhat impersonal. We had an ocean view room, very clean, not noisy at all. We did not eat at the hotel as it was pricy. Just steps away there is everything from cheap to five star resteraunts. I was not impressed with Honolulu itself. Very congested. Did all the tourist stops. Pearl Harbor was very moving howvever you are far better off to take a tour as the driving is awful. Traffic is brutal. If you want to get out of the city for the day there is a Thrifty car rental right across the street which is great because parking was about 30.00 a day at the hotel. Would not heaitate to stay at this hotel again. Renovations are in progress on the rooms but had no effect. We were not in a renovated room and it was fine. Went to the island of Maui and the big island. If you want the true flavor of the islands you are better off visiting the other islands. They were awsome however if you like the city with plenty of nightlife then Wakkiki is for you.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lightsleeper1
<Content>really not that great Stayed here from July 4 thru July 24, 2005. Room 1112, 11th floor, non-smoking.This hotel has some good points on the surface, but when you scratch the surface, it was a let down.Great location...if you like busy noisy touristy Waikiki. This area of Honolulu is like a mini-Vegas, with lots of drunk and slovenly tourists, obligatory party bands, and a bevy of streetwalking hookers just a block away. It's a bit too sleazy, even if it is Waikiki... Maui would be a better choice.Right on the beach! ... but there's no beach in front of the hotel, just a sidewalk. The beaches on the left and right are crowded with guests from the other adjacent hotels. The sand is coarse. My raft and towel smelled bad from the ocean water here. I instead recommend Lanikai Beach and Haleiwa Beaches (very far drives but way better).Great view from oceanfront rooms, including giant turtles swimming at sunset...but whether it's the poolside band or the hotel nightclub, you will hear blaring music from 5PM to 1AM every night. Even with the balcony door closed and curtains shut, it's noisy noisy noisy. It is so lame that they think that guests need to be entertained with cover bands and hula shows when there is a beautiful ocean right behind the stage. Rooms have powerful A/C...which only works if the balcony door is closed. This is designed to save energy, but it's a pain in the neck if you the option of having fresh air mixed with your cold air.A couple of convenient good restaurants in hotel...but the service at the Oceania was slow and they made mistakes on every order, and the Round Table Pizza place burned my pizza. Snack bars were overly expensive. Poolside hamburger BBQ is a great idea but the meat was mediocre. However the rooftop HanoHano Room restaurant is spectacular and has excellent cuisine ... expensive, but worth it for the view and the elegance. Not enough affordable or desirable restaurants within walking distance; I mean, who wants to eat at Chili's or Subway or Red Lobster on vacation? Maid service was very friendly...but they forgot towels one day, gave me smoke-smelling towels on another day.King sized bed was nice...but the linens don't cover the bed, so every morning you wake up with the sheets and bedpad bunched up and the mattress showing. This was a constant source of frustration. Couldn't they get fitted sheets?Twelve elevators serve the hotel...but they were slow and crowded no matter what floor you got on. The elevators are really far away from most of the rooms; lots of walking in this hotel.Room had a convenient mini refrigerator...but it was running too cold and had a broken adjustment knob; so I asked them to fix it, and they brought up a replacement fridge while I was out. When I came back to my room, they had thrown away my milk! Then, without warning, they decided to bring me a larger nicer refrigerator, which was very generous. However, instead of putting it where the old fridge was, they plugged it in next to the bed, making the room that much smaller. Then, when I moved the fridge plug to the other socket, all my food spoiled overnight, because half of the power outlet by the bed didn't work. What a comedy of errors that wouldn't have happened if they had working equipment to begin with.Parking garage is close to the hotel...but you have to drive all the way up to the 3rd floor to park, and it's ten dollars per day. Valet is fifteen dollars per day. Crazy! Room advertises free internet access in the rooms...however, that's if you use the TV-set internet keyboard. To use the high-speed connection with your laptop, it's $4 for two hours! $67 for a week!!! And there is absolutely no wi-fi in the rooms, only in the first floor lobby. Also, the desk in the room is nowhere near the window.Fitness center on 4th floor ... but no free weights! And, they started charging $8/day to use the fitness center in the middle of my stay.Coin-Op Laundry rooms on 5th and 18th floors were convenient ... but two dollars per wash and two dollars per dry! That is price gouging plain and simple.For the price I paid to stay at the Sheraton Waikiki, I would have expected things to be more perfect. They really weren't at all.I'd rather spend more money and stay at the luxurious Halekulani, or save my money and stay in a cheap hotel that would make the same mistakes as the Sheraton Waikiki for half the price.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spring Break in Waikiki I usually travel with a fellow teacher for spring break, but this year I had spring break during the same week as my daughters, so I planned to take them to Hawaii. I have travelled some in the Caribbean, but this was our first trip to Hawaii. The biggest problem actually occured in December. I broke my foot and was on crutches for two months. I debated whether to cancel my trip, but fortunately I was off the crutches and out of the walking boot just prior to the trip, so off we went, me and my three daughters, ages 15, 13, and 10. The Sheraton was fabulous, but I found Waikiki Beach to be a huge disappointment. It was very narrow, so part of the walking up the beach had to be on top of the sea wall. It was fine, with a sidewalk and handrail, and with a partially healed foot, I guess I was better off than walking in the sand. However, my daughters complained about the cigarettes and some trash floating inthe water. I have found that Caribbean beaches far surpass Waikiki Beach. We did love the shopping along the main strip right in front of our hotel. International Marketplace was fun, but I hear it is closing this fall. My girls enjoyed the nearby Cheesecake Factory and high-end shooping, although we did more window shopping than actually purchasing. The highlight of our week included an excursion which involved going out on a sailboat to snorkel with the dolphins and sea turtles and watching some whales. Another must-do activing is snorkeling at Hanama Bay. It is absolutely gorgeous, but you should book the excursion with a tour company in order to get in easier and not have to wait in line for equipment. In any case, go very early, as there is a line just to get in. We also attended Germaine's Luau. It was pretty good, but the girls were disappointed that the lei we received upon arrival at the luau was not made of flowers, but shells. The food was great and the entertainment lively. I would go again. We did not get to hike up Diamond Head or visit Pearl Harbor because of my broken foot. We did enjoy a beautiful view of Diamond Head from our hotel, however. Overall, I am glad we made the trip, but I really prefer the deep, beautiful Caribbean beaches. do so appreciate all the helpful information I find on this site and am already planning my next two trips!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>love2trabel
<Content>Fabulous We loved our stay at the Sheraton... Our second stay and better than the first I might add. Had a newly renovated room on 28th floor overlooking the pool, and the beach. Late afternoons we would see the sea turtles from our balcony. So cool, defenitly worth the extra $$. Try to get an oceanfront room without the blocked balcony, instead ask for the one with bars you could see so much more. Room service was excellent and the staff were extra nice and very helpful. We will definelty return again!  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>waikikikid
<Content>Wonderful staff            
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bobster
<Content>hanohano room travelled all the way from australia to marry my bride and had my wedding dinner at the hanohano room........here it is in one sentence.....it does'nt get any better than this!!!!i can't even begin to tell you how happy my wife was with this restrauant!!if you have any questions ask me on bobcan99@yahoo.com.au  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cambridgtravler
<Content>Loved this hotel! We stayed here for two nights at the beginning of our Hawaii vacation and three nights at the end. The first two nights we had oceanfront rooms, the view was gorgeous and the rooms large and comfy with nice big bathrooms. The pool area is really pleasant (maitais by the pool!) and having lunch poolside was great. The restaurant is overpriced for breakfast but there is a small takeout place where you can pick up breakfast and sit by the pool. This hotel is like a small city on the first floor with shops and places to eat and drink and multiple Japanese wedding parties always passing through - very entertaining. On our last three nights we were upgraded to oceanview suites which were lovely and hilariously large and made us feel we should be throwing a huge party. The views from the oceanfront rooms were as nice or nicer than from the suites.We very much enjoyed being in the heart of things in Waikiki, walking to the shops and restaurants, etc. It makes a terrific contrast to the other islands (we also visited Kauai and the Big Island) - this hotel felt luxurious and fun.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sheraton is a great location! My family stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki March 7 for 4 nights during Spring Break. We stayed at the Westin Maui for the first 3 nights. True the Sheraton needs to be updated, but the location makes up for everything. I'm sure this is why they have been so long on spending the money. They have a display in the lobby of what the rooms will look like when finished. They started the renovation on the top floors and are working down. We had an oceanview front room with an incredible view. The room was probably the biggest hotel room that we have ever stayed in. It was not a suite, just a room. Yea the furniture and wallpaper was 70's, but all was very clean. The views and location made up for that. We had a oceanview on Maui at the Westin and paid more, but the room was a lot smaller. We had no trouble getting chairs by the pool like some have stated. Again location, location is what it's all about. Close to everything! We would stay there again even if the room was not a renovated one. I did not see the other rooms, so all I know about is the Ocean Front Rooms. Can't beat em.Steve in Plano, Texas(suburb of Dallas)  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>daisysmom
<Content>Not the Ritz, but not terrible       bed area  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Welcome to the Early 80's This hotel and it's grounds seemed to have not changed since it opened. From the time you enter the lobby until you get to your room you feel like you have entered a time warp. The staff in hotel was great though. From what i understand the hotel is going to get a renovation. Even without I would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good and Bad My husband and I just got back this morning from a great two-week vacation. Although we have been to Waikiki before, this was our first time staying at the Sheraton Waikiki. Check-in was quick and we were sent to the Manor part of the hotel. Unless you REALLY don't care about how your room looks, or smells, stay in the Manor. Otherwise, stay far, far away from it. We had two single beds pushed together, no balcony, no coffee maker, no fridge (we had to pay $30.00 to get one put in our room) and because the room was above the service entrance, every morning we heard the the delivery trucks arriving and leaving. We actually ran into another couple on the elevator and all the gentleman said to us was is your room as bad as ours?After two nights in the Manor, we talked to the front desk and asked to be switched to another room NOT IN THE MANOR. Although they didn't have anything right away, we did end up getting a beautiful ocean view room. The room faced directly south with lovely views of Diamond Head and amazing sunsets. We really enjoyed sitting on our patio listening to the nightly music along with the sound of the waves. Getting things like a new room or getting a late checkout were a little bit tricky, but if you were persistent with the front desk things seemed to work out in the end.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Time to Honolulu I have been reading reviews about this hotel for 5 months and have read both bad and good reviews. I was a little apprehensive about my choice untill we got to the hotel. Check in was a breeze, less than 5 minutes. I booked a partial ocean view room and was pleasently surpised how great the view was. We overlooked the pool and the Pacific. It was great!! Our room was clean well appointed. The staff at the Sheraton was superb. When you passed one in the hall or lobby etc., all said hello. Concierge service was exceptional. They helped us with all of our plans. Great place to stay and a bargain compared to neighboring properties.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A bit of Vegas in HI. We stayed here in October 2004 for 120 per night on Priceline. My husband could not take the Vegas feel and the large resort. The rooms are fine, old, but fine. This is a three star for sure. Pools are small, but room views are great. Very busy and elevators are like jets. It is a busy complex. We had a hotel strike which was awful. Two days of no service. My husband moved us to the Kahala Mandarin for $250/night because this was not relaxing to him.Sheraton credited most of our food and offered a 2BD oceanview suite. Unfortunately, we had already been locked in for the Kahala and he needed some quiet. But, the Sheraton service is the best!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We really liked this hotel, but... My husband had a meeting at the Sheraton Waikiki Jan 14-21, 2005. We really liked this hotel but be aware--late last week the hotel began its 3 year renovation project and the noise of the jack hammers will greet you loud and clear pool side. Once renovations are complete the rooms, which are dated but clean and comfortable, will be absolutely beautiful as evidenced by the mock room on display in the hotel lobby. The staff we encountered were incredibly friendly, helpful and hard working. Also, we enjoyed dinner one night at the hotel's Ocean Terrace. The pool is small and some guests save the prime chairs early in the morning and then leave but we were always able to find a place to sit. The views from the pool are fantastic--I was perfectly happy sitting in a chair pool side gazing out at Diamond Head and the ocean for hours on end. We had a nice room, partial ocean view, facing Diamond Head with a large balcony on the 4th floor--the higher you go, the smaller the balcony. The swarms of people you encounter around the lobby elevators is a bit much--given the choice I might opt for a smaller, more intimate hotel next time.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible honeymoon expirence My new wife and I stayed at this hotel for the last 3 days of our honeymoon.Check in was fine, but when we got to our room it reeked of cigarette smoke. We went down to see if they could do anything, and after telling us the whole hotel was non-smoking, and this was very strange, they offered us 2 solutions:-Someone could spray the room (basically with a can of Glade)-They could set up an air sanitizer, but we'd have to leave the room for 3 hours.We picked the air sanitizer solution and walked around for a while (it was 3PM) and then went out to dinner. When we got back to our room after 10, there was a little device that looked like a dust buster pumping chlorine gas into our room. My wife made me read the bottom and it said to evacuate the room of people, animals, and plants when you use it, and to thoroughly air out the room when finished. Had she not been there, or had we not spoke English (a majority of the hotel clientele was Japanese), they might have been sending for a body bag the next day.We took the device to the front desk and told them the room was uninhabitable (It smelled like an over chlorinated pool and the air was making us light headed). They said there wasn't anything they could do, so they'd send someone up from housekeeping to help us.The guy they sent was told he was to pick up the air sanitizer and nothing else. He spoke very little English but I got the idea that he wasn't able to help me get a new room, and I needed to talk to a manager.We went back down (it's getting close to 11 now, so we've been unable to use our room for 8 hours) and told them, again, that the room was uninhabitable. I was left to sit and wait 10 minutes as the lady helping me talked to her manager. They offered us free breakfast and an ocean view room. I'm not really one to argue a lot, so that sounded ok. In retrospect, it hardly seems compensation for almost killing us. The lady assured us that the room was non-smoking (yes, I know, we were told earlier the whole hotel was non-smoking... by the SAME LADY) and had an ocean view. By a little after 11 we were in our new room.Our room with a parking lot view, on the opposite side of the building from the ocean.So I went back down to ask them where our promised ocean view was. The lady pretended she didn't know where the room pointed, and looked it up slowly on a chart of the hotel. She then talks to her manager again for 10 minutes and come back and said they were all booked and we could get upgraded the next day.I'm to tired to fight, so I go upstairs to go to sleep. At least this room didn't smell like cigarettes or chlorine.The next day we ask for our new room and the lady helping us added an extra word to our promised 'ocean view'. That word was 'partial'. I was told 'ocean view', and I was given 'partial ocean view', which translates to 'if you lean out over your balcony, you can see a glimpse of the ocean'.I was so sick of that front desk I couldn't take it any more. We gave up and stayed 2 nights in our 'partial ocean view'.When we went to leave, another surprise came up. We had used our laptop's modem to connect to the internet at the promised '$1 connection fee for local calls'. I left it connected so we wouldn't have to pay each time. The extra charge was $100 for using the phone, because somewhere in small print on the back of the card that told us '$1 connection fee for local calls' was a disclaimer saying there is a $0.10 a minute charge over 1 hour.The whole experience was a nightmare and ruined our honeymoon.But the fun didn't end there. I am forgetful at times, and I accidentally left my glasses in one of our many rooms (admittedly my fault). I called back a week or so later and got a very rude person in housekeeping. She was very curt with me and wasn't any help at all. She said the glasses weren't there.I called again a couple weeks later and spoke to someone much nicer and more helpful, but still no glasses.Then, just recently, my wife called to ask one last time about my glasses before we blow another $200 on a new pair. The lady was extremely rude and short with her, and even hung up on her!I understand bad things happen and stuff goes wrong. People forget things and mistakes are made. I understand that, but it is how the staff decides to handle these things that determines how I feel about them. I feel as though this staff didn't even want me to come back to the front desk, let alone the hotel.Never again will we stay at a Sheraton, and everyone we know now knows this story. I am sad that there is no 0 star options for this review because that is what I would give this terrible hotel and it's rude, lying, incompetent staff.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>really, really, big I stayed in the Waikiki Sheraton for one night in December with my husband and four year old son. We got an amazing deal through priceline ($110), and were upgraded to a partial ocean view room. The room was huge, the beds were extremely comfortable, and the decor was beatiful. Nice view too- we could see the hula show at the Halekulani! For that price, it was an incredible value, but I am not sure I would have been so happy had I paid the rack rates. As others have noted, there are far too few pool chairs for the size of the hotel, although the smaller diamond head pool had an opening or two. The food is really mediocre. Although guests are supposed to have privledges at the other Sheratons, we were bluntly turned away from the Royal Hawaiian pool area because the hotel was full. The most problematic aspect of the hotel, in my opinion, is its size. There were many groups in evidence- college sports teams, wedding parties, conventions, and it just feels ridiculously impersonal.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay here for the Views and Covinence We stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki again this Christmas for 10 days. We love this hotel because it is so convenient to everything and best of all it offers the best view of Waikiki.View: Unbeatable. Oceanfront room offer panoramic Diamond Head view. We have stayed at both pool side and Royal Hawaiian side and both offer breathtaking views of Waikiki beach and Diamond Head.Location:Right on Waikiki Beach and steps away from fine/casual dinning and upscale/tourist shopping, Waikiki trolley, bus stations, everything.Room:Adequate and comfortable. Good size Lanai. High speed internet access. Mini bar with ample selections but a convenient wine and spirit shop is right next to the lobby elevators. All the basics like a small coffee maker, safe and blow dryer etc. All consumable have a price tag.Facility:2 very small pools. Self service laundry. There is a fitness room but we never used it. 10 or so elevators but the wait can still be long sometimes. We dined mostly at the Moanna / Royal (both are sister hotels) next door and you can charge to your room.Taxi:Very convenient and reasonably priced. All the cars are clean and relatively new. No need to wait. Don't want to take a cab? Bus and Trolley are right around the corner. All major attractions offer hotel pickup with a reasonable charge.Guest Services:Very polite but average. You need to do your own research and don鈥檛 depend on them.Free EntertainmentHula Dance and Hawaiian music are free in front of Ocean Terrance (hotel restaurant). However this and the Espirit bar (hotel bar) makes the pool side rooms noisy in the evenings. Check in / outNo problems. Hotel even offers multiple late checkout options with a reasonable price tag. We are very happy to have this option because we travel with small children.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as bad as others said... My fiance' and I stayed at this hotel during the end of July-Auguest. Overall, the hotel is Average to Good. It all depends on what you are wanting for your trip. We were looking for a beach hotel in Waikiki, but we knew we were going to spend time traveling around the island to other beaches and sites. I was very worried when I read the reviews of this resort, but hopefully, I can help put things into perspective.Location: It is located within the middle of many restaurants and shopping areas in Waikii. Great location! Because of the nice weather, the lobby (like many other hotels) was open and not a/c. However, this never seemed to be a problem because of the breeze. Yes, like the other reviews mentioned, the clientel is majority Asian, but I did not find this to be problem like other reviewers. I enjoyed hearing other languages and seeing other cultures. The Hawaiian culture orginated from Asian culture.Check-in: Because many flights arrived around 5:30, there was a line to check-in, but it only took about 5-10 minutes.Room: It was average. We were not planning on spending much time in the room anyway. One problem- I had reserved a king-size bed and received two twin beds pushed together. The view was amazing! I booked the cheapest room with no ocean view, but view of the mountains. I was excited to see that because of the shape of the hotel, we had a partial ocean  mountain view. The best of both!Driving/Parking: We rented a car for the trip. It was very helpful because we planned our own excursions and tours. Driving in Hawaii is difficult because there are so many people in such a small area. Just leave a little early to allow for traffic. The hotel self-parking is difficult to find. Look for the entrance near the bus pick-up/drop off area. They don't provide good directions about self-parking. You must tell the front desk at check-in that you are self-parking. It is $10/day.Food: We only ate breakfast at the hotel. There is a little food court area with cereal, fruit, coffee/juice/drinks, and pre-prepared breakfast. Between the two of us, we both had french toast  bacon, hashbrowns, fruit  drink for a total of $20. The food here is MORE expensive than the mainland, so just be prepared. FYI- It is more expensive everywhere in Hawaii, not just this hotel.Beach/Pool: Because of the high-tide, there was no beach immediately in front of the hotel. However, don't let this discourage you because if you walk 10 steps to the right or left, there is a long stretch of beach.We did not go to Hawaii to lay out by the pool. There are two very small pools and it was very crowded. You must lay out on the beach and experience Waikiki. The travel channel names this one of the top 10 beaches in Hawaii. The beach gets crowded during the day, but we never had any problems finding a spot. The water is amazing!Check-out: Very Quick (less than 2 minutes). They will hold your luggage for you until your plane leaves.Overall, I enjoyed my stay at this hotel. It is what you make of it. If you are going to Hawaii to stay in a resort, you might want to stay at the Hilton Hawaiian Village (bigger pool  beach area). The Sheraton is a hotel, not a resort, so just keep that in mind when comparing it to the resorts. I would gladly stay here again! Aloha!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breathtaking views! My family and I stayed on this property in July. I am a seasoned travelor and have been around the world and back again. For the value we had the best hotel room on Wakiki beach. The pools are small but then for the most part so are all of the other hotel pools...With so many breath taking beachs why stay in the pool anyways? We always had chairs available to us. and for the one afternoon when they were scarce, one of the pool attendants got them for us. There is free entertainment daily, there is a totally wonderful childrens program. My 9 year old daughter had a blast. The bus station to everywhere is on property so it is beyond convienent. The lobby is breathtaking. The view was beautiful and much more breathtaking then the view at the Hale Kalani right next door as we were much higher up. (partial ocean) The food was wonderful. The elevator was hardly ever crowded, unlike the comment of another person who stated that it was like a herd getting onto the elevator. Yes it is mostly Asian, however, they were very polite to my family and me. Any one we came into contact with was smitten with my blonde haired freckled faced daughter and treated her very well. No one was rude at all. We met wonderful people at the pool from Australia. EVerything was within walking distance. As far as the room decor, it was a bit older but it was quaint, clean and very confortable. Obviously no one that has written a review has ever stayed anywhere else on Wakiki because then would know that it was no different then any of the other hotels. I have been there 7 times and stayed at 7 different places. (HHV,Outriggers, New Ontaini and Hale Kalani (back a few years ago when there was no children...lol) to name a few) This was by far my most memorable experience. Thank you Sheraton.and please forgive my hawaiian spelling...:-)  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the atmosphere and service I read the reviews listed here and agree that the Sheraton Waikiki is a good deal. The buffet breakfast (all you can eat) was delicious. Great variety every morning with local dishes, ( we were here for 7 days). The coffee was good and you looked out over a beautiful garden. We requested a mountain view with a balcony and that's what we received. I did the registering online so all we needed to get upon arrival was our key and it was quick!I asked them to change a lightbulb and it was done pronto! So I would recommend this hotel. The location is great. Just down the street from the beach and yet in a quiet area near the zoo and aquarium. We could walk everywhere. I loved it and will miss the breakfast. Carol  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disappointed We stayed here for 7 days is July. We were there for my husbands convention. Our 1st time in Hawaii and were very excited. Too bad. We were supposed to get an ocean view and king size bed. Little ocean and two twins pushed together. I understand it was a convention, but I have never seen so many people in one building. Stampedes for the elevators all the time. The two pools were bathtub size, never got a lounge chair near either one. People put towels on chairs at 8 in the morning to save them. Saw the same people in the same chairs everyday. Not fair. Room was ok, but I was annoyed to have to pay for a packet of coffee or tea.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>overpriced -horrific! I have visited this island every year for the past 12 years. I make it a point to stay at a different beach front property.This year I chose the Sheraton Waikiki.I was shocked that the property has not been updated (furnishings),bathroom fixtures,etc. for over 30 years!Even though the rooms are ample, the bedding and furnishings are reminisent of my grandmother's attic! We immediatley moved back to the HIlton Hawaiian Village-where you get what you expect, for the same price!(Major Asian clientell.)  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Our stay at Sheraton Waikiki in May this year was a great experience, nice sized room, very clean leaving us satisfied with the hotel, pool was great, beach was metres away and very central, we had a very nice view from the balcony and king size bed very comfortable. The staff could of been a little friendlier but Overall we would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wait for the renovated rooms As a Travel Agent I visited the Islands of Oahu and the Big Island from September 29-5 October. The Sheraton Waikiki was our host hotel on Oahu. I too was very disappointed in the quality of the hotel. The rooms are in desperate need of remodling, which is underway. We did inspect a room that is finished and is quite impressive. They currently have about 50 rooms that will be ready by December 1. Definately request a remodeled room, but if they can't guarentee it. I don't know that I would chance that one be available when you check in. On the upside the location is great for shopping. The beach directly in front of the hotel is non-existant due to the tide, but just walk about 50 yards and you are on a great stretch of Waikiki Beach. Overall from the hotels inspected in Oahu if you want a large fancy pool, they don't exsist, no room for them. Enjoy the beach. My favorite hotel for a decent price was the newly remodled Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>goldendeal
<Content>Sheraton can do much better I put off writing this review for a few days after my trip to see if my feelings would change, sadly they have not. Sheraton Waikiki disappointed in many areas. First of all, the parking. If this is your first time to Waikiki you will totally confused as I was, as you pull into the hotel, you have no idea where the self parking is. I had to run inside and ask them. Turns out it鈥檚 around the corner and into a parking garage that鈥檚 well hid on the far side of the hotel. As I pull in to park, there is a sign that says, Self Park 20.00 a day, the hotel web site says its 10.00 a day. once again I鈥檓 confused, so I called the hotel on my cell phone and they confirm its 10.00 a day if your a hotel guest, funny, the sign does not say that, ok,, once inside the hotel for check in, I mention the parking problem, they inform me that they need to give me a parking pass that lets me park for 10.00...my problem here? It was not offered by the front desk at checking in, in other words unless you know parking is 10.00 for hotel guest, they are comfortable with letting you park for 20.00, you MUST ask for the 10.00 parking.Now as other reviews have mentioned, this is a very busy hotel, which seemed to cater more to the Japanese clients, very few Americans at this hotel. The hotel service is non existent, in fact, I did not come in contact with any hotel staff what so ever in my stay except a few times to ask questions on directions or a good place to eat, and even then the staff seemed put off by my questions like they didn鈥檛 have time to answer. The hotel is not very personable at all. One day while we were here, we went out for dinner, on our ride back the streets in front of the hotel were closed off, till after midnight, pulling over and asking the police officer standing there, he informed me , that the street would be blocked off till at least 12 am, maybe more, due to a street festival going on that night, I told him im staying at the Sheraton and how can I get to my room, he basically said, you cant,,,well,,here it was 8 pm,,,i had no where to park the car, I couldn鈥檛 get back to the hotel, we drove around for a few hours with bumper to bumper traffic, loud car stereos blarrring,,ok, I didn鈥檛 come to Hawaii for this. I feel the hotel should have informed all guest stay there that the street in front of the hotel will be closed of from a certain time, and make plan accordingly. They did not do this. As far as the decor, very 70s, was ok, but could tell it needs to be updated. The pool very small. The bottom line here, if this is your first time to Waikiki don鈥檛 stay here, they don鈥檛 seem to care to give directions or advice about the island and you will be totally lost. If you have been here before and know how to get around and you don鈥檛 need any hotel services, just a place to sleep, this will be ok, I feel my trip would have been much better at a different hotel, I left the Oahu with mixed feeling about the island, while this is not caused totally by the hotel, they are a big part of that since they are basically the first people I come in contact with when I fly in. Sheraton... you can do much better, try a little aloha and effort.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>diazhill
<Content>Sheraton should be embarrased I am surprised that the Sheraton flag remains on this property, as it is quite possibly the worst hotel I have had to endure in several years.It's huge.. it's crowded.. it's way over priced. The lobby and public areas look like they have been redone in a 'Disney' style.. lots of pastels and have a 'underwater' theme.The rooms are incredibly dated, worn and down right dirty. Room decor circa the early 80's. No Sweet Sleeper here. No high-speed internet either. At these prices, Starwood can do much better.When we asked for a Starwood Gold upgrade, we rec'd the canned response - 'we are sold out' - but when I called the in-house room reservations from our city view room, they still had ocean front rooms!... after we complained, they ended up bouncing us to 4 different rooms.. including a room that was already occupied! we eventually ended up in a 1 bedroom suite that came with several hairs all over the bathtub.If you want a brand-name in Waikiki without any surprises, I'd suggest the Marriott or Hyatt. Sheraton has been resting on it's laurels too long in Waikiki.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2004
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just like any other big chain Stayed here for 2 nights on business. Partial ocean view. majority hotel and parking lot view. Nice pool area by the beach. Easy beach access. Nice hotel. Wouldn't stay here for vacation.Too expensive.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovetotravelnyc
<Content>Overall good time at the Sheraton I stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki Sept 6-11, and I really enjoyed it. I loved that the hotel was right on the beach, so as soon as I got up in the morning, I could have my coffee by the pool overlooking the ocean or even on the sand. The hotel was very clean considering the huge number of tourists who are there. The rooms were clean with good A/C and the hotel staff are very friendly and welcoming. The 2nd floor of the hotel is the conference floor with three big ballrooms (that I think can open into one larger ballroom), and many smaller conference rooms. I was there for a conference, and I felt that the hotel was perfect as a conference location. The beach is a public beach so it does get crowded, but I always found space for me and my friends. I went snorkeling right there at the beach, and spotted some colorful fish in the very clear water. My husband took a surf lesson, and loved it. The water is calm, and the waves were not big so it was good for swimming and for learning to surf. Many of the attractions are within walking distance from the hotel. We hiked Diamond Head, which is only a couple miles from the hotel. The US Army museum is also close by. Overall, the Sheraton Waikiki is a good place to stay because of its direct access to the beach and its central location to other Waikiki attractions.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overpriced  We stayed here for 1 night in early Sept 2004 on our way back from The Turtle Bay Resort on the North Shore (see review) and I was very disapointed.I've been to Oahu ~6 times and have stayed at several Outriggers, and several times at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider  I was curious to try something different so we booked at the Sheraton Waikiki for our last night.Positives: - The customer service, front desk staff, was the best I had on Oahu- Great location, on the beach  mid-strip on Waikiki. Great if you like shopping, etc.Cons: Low Value: I had an ocean view, but for the rates being charged ($180+) this hotel was disapointing, as the rooms were clean, but very beat up by too much use and in desperate need of updating. The bed was like a rock, and my back hurt in the morning. I'm very suprised Sheraton has kept their brand name on this hotel.Pool: The main pool was overcrowded  very small.For those wanting a great location and a larger/better pool, comparable room, etc I would reccomend the Outigger Reef for under $120/night, or for a few dollars more than the Sheraton Waikiki, try the Sheraton Moana Surfrider, a historic hotel with nicer rooms, fewer people, etc.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best hotel on Waikiki!!!!!!!!!! We try to go to Hawaii every year and we ALWAYS stay at the Sheraton Waikiki. It is centrally located, has the best manager IN THE WORLD, an incredible view, luxurious accomodations and great free entertainment every night. An oceanfront room is just heaven  even if it rains, the rain only lasts a short while  there is always a rainbow!The money we spend every year is well worth it when we go to this hotel....white sandy beaches, great food and the very best hospitality in all of Hawaii. Paradise is the only word for it!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sheraton Waikiki- Everything you expect it to be We stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki June 10 to June 21, 2003. It was everything we had expected. We arrived at 7:00AM from another island. We had requested early check in and when we arrived the room was not quite ready, the girl at the front desk gave us a coupon to eat breakfast at the Ocean Terrace for free and just as we finished, she came to our table to tell us that our room was ready, they were holding our bags and we were not in the room 10 minutes and the bags arrived. The room (1254) had an incredible view of Waikiki Beach and Diamond Head. The access to the beach was great, the pools were clean and warm fresh water and all the stores and International Market were right outside the front door. The prices are a bit high, my son wanted a 12 once bottle of Diet Coke in the sandwich shop, it was $4.11. We went to the travel desk to make arrangements to get to the airport when we were leaving and paid $9.00/Ea for the Iliwa Bus ride to the Honolulu Airport. When we checked out and went to the front enterance to meet the bus, it never arrived. I went to the Travel Desk and the lady on duty told me take a Cab, right now don't wait, you might miss your flight She called the bus company and they didn't answer the phone. When I got home I saw that the bus charge was still on my credit card. I sent a letter to the travel desk and a week later they called me. They credited my card for the bus ride and an additional $29.00 it cost to take a cab. I didn't feel that the hotel is dated, the rooms were freshly painted, and you can see that they keep the hotel well maintained, as a matter of fact, they were painting the outside (oceanside) while we were there. The Sheraton Waikiki is a Waikiki landmark, you can't see a picture, movie or t.v. show that includes Waikiki without seeing the Sheraton Waikiki prominently right in the center of the strip. They keep the grounds very well maintained and the A/C was ice cold. We will go to Waikiki again and we WILL stay at the Sheraton Waikiki again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A beautiful view of Diamond Head My wife and I stayed here for the first time in May 2003. We were with a group of dentists and theirfamilies. Since it was our first time to Hawaii as well, we were a little awestruck by the scenery. Wefound out later that this was the same hotel the Brady Bunch stayed in on one of their TV specials. Don Jaun was a special guest on the show. Anyway, we rented a car and traveled all around the island. We went to the U.S.S. Arizona, the North Shore, the Dole plantation, Diamond Head, and many other beach destinations. We stayed at the hotel for three days and then we flew over to Maui for another three days in Lahaina. All in all we had a great time on the islands... Although Maui was a little too artsy-fartsy for our liking. $250,000 for a painting of a dolfin? I don't think so. I did get bit by the island bug, though, and was half-heartedly figuring out ways we could live and prosper on one of the islands. The wife didn't go for that idea too well. The only thing I regret is not going to the Big Island of Hawaii. Oh well, maybe on our 10th wedding anniversary. I believe we enjoyed our stay on Oahu more because there was a lot to do as far as sightseeing, close proximity to shopping, etc.. Good Luck and Aloha!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel but can get expensive Hotel was clean and service was excellent. Restaurants in the motel are expensive so go out to eat. Hotel is classy with a beautiful lobby and front desk area. Beach area is shared with other hotels so it can crowded early. We do not recommend the dinner cruises, they are over rated and over priced, do a luai instead. Hotel is recommended and if you get room 1609 you will have a good ocean view without paying for it!   
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not too fancy, great for families I agree with other reviewers, that it is in need of a remodel, but for families with small kids, this is perfect.Great location, great pools, access to the beach, lots of stuff to do.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lance92270
<Content>Desparately in need of renovation After reading some of the terrific reviews of the Sheraton Waikiki, I find myself wondering if the reviewers stayed that the same property. I stayed here over the Memorial Day weekend (2004) and was very disappointed. The hotel is very old and in desperate need of a major renovation. The rooms as well as the common areas are very dated and worn. I had a ocean-front room, and the view was very nice, but the bed was very old and lumpy and the pillows were very cheap and knotty. They did not have the A/C on in the hallways or elevators. On the good side, the poolside staff was excellent- very friendly and attentive, and the location is in the center of Waikiki.Overall, I would not stay here again. Go for the Sheraton Moana Surfrider instead.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sheraton lives up to its name Having read some of the reviews of the Sheraton Waikiki I was very surprised. I found the hotel to be every bit as good as I expected. We got a room upgrade to a junior suite, which was located at the end of a corridor. The room was huge and we had a beautiful view of the coast and diamond head from our balcony. I found the room to be very comfortable and very clean and tidy. The pools although small were not overcrowded and why swim in a pool when you have the sea right beside you. It was heaven just watching the sun go down while sipping a cocktail in the bar.The rooftop restaurant - the Hanohano Room, was beautiful and really spectacular at night with magnificent views. The service and quality of food was excellent. The only small criticism I would have is that the scrambled eggs in the morning were a bit on the cold side. Other than that it was a most enjoyable stay and I would definately recommend it.  
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A real honeymoon I have to recommend this hotel to anyone going to Waikiki. The hotel is on the ocean, but the immediate ocean in front of the hotel is a coral reef, where turtles feed. You can snorkel but not really walk into this beach, but there are beaches on both sides. It is in the heart of Waikiki, with access to all different shops, transportations, restaurants, the works. We got a room on the beach side. What an experience to open the window to find turtles swimming in front of the hotel, not minding the noise and crowds. Then the expectacular view, the cleanliness, the great hospitality and the hula show every day by the swimming pool. It was sure a honeymoon for my newly-wed husband and myself. Oh, and if you love international music, the club located in the lobby has music ranging from oldies to live salsa! We must have seen about 6 wedding parties taking place at that hotel during our 3-day stay. It was awesome. Worth every penny of it. I found it affordable too.Plus, as a Starwood property, you will never go wrong!   
<Date>May 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Casual Luxury at the Sheraton Waikiki. I recently visited Honolulu with my family, during which we stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki. Our suite was nice, clean, and had a great ocean view. The staff was very freindly and polite, and made the hotel feel like home. I liked the fact that it is a nicer hotel, yet many people walked through the lobby in nothing but a bathing suit. It was casual luxury at its best. The area around the hotel was great as well, with a lot of shopping and good eateries. I completely enjoyed my stay, as did my family. Next time we go to Hawaii, we will absolutly stay at the Sheraton Waikiki.  
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleased with our stay We stayed here for 3 days in February on our long awaited 10 year anniversary trip. We got a cheap room, signed up for the Sheraton Starwood Card and got a free upgrade on the room. It was clean, roomy enough for 2 of us, and the price was so right. The location is good, right on the beach near everything, and even the nightly activities at the hotel (ie the music) were worth going to at least once. I would stay here again, especially with the price.  
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sleep7
<Content>Home away from home! We have stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki twice in the last year and a half. Don't expect a beautifully landscaped resort like the Hyatt on Maui or Kaui, because this hotel is right in the middle of the city of Waikiki. I love this hotel! The people who work there are so nice. They really go out of their way to pass along the Aloha spirit. The location is great - right in the center of the hotel strip. The buffet breakfast was amazingly varied and delicious. Our rate of $182 per night - booked on the Sheraton website - included breakfast for 2 adults or free breakfast for 2 kids and the adults have to pay, but they get a 35% discount. You have to be a Starwood member to get this rate. It's free to join. Both times we stayed there we got a free room upgrade. One time it was to a HUGE room at the end of the hall, and the other time it was to an oceanfront room that faced Diamond Head. The hotel is very large, but there is never a long wait for an elevator. The decor is a bit dated, but still lovely. Also - if you have 3 kids, it's no problem for them to put a rollaway in your room. We loved this hotel and can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice....but expensive! I have to say, truth be told, I loved this hotel. My girlfriend and I went on July 2003 for our 10th Anniversary. However I think the Oceanview rooms are extremely over priced. We were on the 24th Floor with a balcony. The view was breath taking, but I thought we were going to have a Jacuzzi Tub or something else for the price. The room size is exactly like a standard room, the only difference is that it has a balcony the price difference per night can range from $150.00-$200.00 from the standard. We mostly was out and about and hardly stood in the room only to sleep. We should have had a standard room instead for the ocean view price. Again the view was wonderful but not for the price we paid. We nearly or just about paid $400.00 per night. The pools were small, the actually hotel is very attractive. The house keeper we had(Maria) was wondeful and friendly. The room was always clean and the bathroom as well. The exclusive resturant on the 30th floor was beautiful. Great food. The service was spectacular. We had dinner on the last night before returning home to NYC. The view (if you have a table by the window) is breath taking. Go at night, its more romantic and beautiful to look out and see waikiki.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sheraton should remove it's name from this place I just returned from my stay at this hotel. I am extremely tired but I had to write to keep people from staying at this terrible place. This hotel is an insult to the Sheraton name. The rooms are run down and smelly. I used one of the popular name you price websites and I chose resort. The fact that they consider this property a resort is a blemish to their credibility. I would not stay here again and I will never trust the website I used.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RPRINC
<Content>So-so and played games. Checked in on Feb. 28th for (5) nights. Was suppose to get buffet greakfast included but was told that they no longer included this in packages. After asking for the manager and showing him the United Brochure that said that it was included (2) cards with breakfast stickers magically appeared. Lobby was attractive; rooms were OK, and high-end restaurant, on 30th floor, poor. Would not stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just a few things to consider... I have just returned from a three night stay at the Sheraton Waikiki, part of a two week journey home to the islands (I was born and raised on the Big Island, Hawaii). I work in management with a major hotel chain and have lived in San Diego, San Francisco, Las Vegas, New York and Miami, so I feel confident and qualified to comment on the operational standards of hotels. Let me begin by saying that we managers unequivocally DO care about customer service, although some of us are better than other at assuring our guests are well cared for, and that their expectations are met. Furthermore, we do read the comments posted on this site, as well as others. Here are a few tips, from a professional, that will help you make an educated lodging choice. First of all, destermine your needs--so you need to have an ocean view or beach front room? Will a standard room be suitable, or would you do better to upgrade to a deluxe room or suite--be truthful to yourself about your needs; secondly, establish your budget--how much can you comfortably afford to spend (factor in room taxes, parking fees and resort fees if applicable)? Keep in mind that some hotels offer free nights (book four nights, the fifth night is free, or book six nights and receive the seventh night free); third, CAVEAT EMPTOR, let the buyer beware, because you as a consumer are largely responsible for getting what you pay for. Do you homework by cheking rates online, and read everything you can about your potential home away from home. Also, ask friends, family, coworkers or anyone else who has stayed at a particular hotel or rate for an honest evaluation.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel The Sheraton Wakiki is a great hotel. The rooms were very clean, the staff is very friendly and the food is great. I will always recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything was perfect! When we arrived at the Sheraton Waikiki, I asked about an upgrade to our room, not realizing that there was not a room to be had in all of Honolulu at that particular time. We were shown to the room that I had reserved and it was clean and adequate, but I felt bad about not having a little bit of the luxury. The second day we were there, we met a couple in the hall who actually asked to downgrade out of the luxury section because of noise and said that this section was in better condition anyway, so I didn't feel bad anymore. The entire trip was booked through Orbitz and was perfect down to the last detail. We booked some side trips and all the transportation was on time and organized so well. I would definitely book through Orbitz again and also stay at the Sheraton Waikiki again.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised. Clean and Bright We just returned from a week at the Sheraton Waikiki. We were booked into a CityView room on the 8th floor. I booked the room through a travel bidding website and paid $110 per night. After reading a number of reviews, including Trip Advisor feedback, I was worried about the hotel. A lot of the reviews were negative. Well, I was pleasantly suprised when we arrived. The hotel lobby and grounds are very nice and clean. They do not appear old or dumpy at all. The hallways are nice and bright and clean. The room was very nice and clean. The furniture may be 15 years old, but I did not even notice. THe room was very clean and bright. Not depressing and dingy. I believe the negative comments are a result of the amount people are paying for their rooms. I got a great deal. But if you paid $275 for a room, you might expect everything to be first class with marble all around. THat is probably what lends to some disappointment. THis hotel was nice. In a great location. Right on the beach. Waikiki is a busy area, so you are going to be dealing with crouds. We were very pleasantly surprised. We would return in a heartbeat to the Sheraton Waikiki at the rates we paid.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Earned my business Went in October 2001. Was every bit a 4-star hotel. We thought the decor was up to date. The lobby and rooms were beautiful. Had an ocean view with view of Diamond Head. Breakfast buffet in restaurant left a little to be desired, and the price was a little high. Overall service was excellent and we would recommend to friends.Resting in room during a day with perfect weather while Hawaiian singers serenade is about as close to paradise as possible.We must have stayed in another wing from some other reviewers.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel has gone out of their way to make me and my group I travel with each year at home. The hotel is beautiful and represents in my mind what Hawaii is. It isn't over the top luxary, just beautiful and very kind staff. The staff do what they can to make your experience a good one. The place is a bit old, but it adds to the appeal in my mind. It feels more like home to me when a hotel feels a bit more lived in. I fall right to sleep the first night in this hotel, unlike at other hotels I stay at. The views are wonderful. I've been upgraded to Diamond Head views several times and it looks like a postcard with the ocean, mountain and surfing. Looking down from my room you can watch dozens of sea turtles swimming around the sea wall. Very cool, and so Hawaii!! It's also a great location with the beach at your feet and tons to do around the hotel. This is the best hotel I've stayed in for these reasons, and I travel quite a bit and have stayed any many types of hotels. It's a great place to hold a conference!!!! I've done it now 3 times there.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Sheraton Waikiki....we really like it. Some of the negative comments might be valid, but we've stayed at the Sheraton 7 times over the past decade. It's not perfect in every aspect, but there is so much to like about this place. For instance:The entire staff has always been SO accommodating. If we didn't like something, they fixed it. If we needed something, we got it. On our first trip they upgraded us to a view of Diamond Head and the Pacific Ocean. If there is a better view from any hotel in Waikiki, I'd like to see it.The rooms are a little dated, but I believe the entire hotel is being remodeled over the next 2 years. I wouldn't say the rooms are bad in any way, but they do need an update. I just hope they don't change the showers where the faucets don't have flow restrictors on them! These showers will knock all the sand off of you in a nanosecond. Most hotels are now installing flow restrictors and it takes forever to just get wet. I hope the SW leaves them off, if they can.Food. Well, it does seem expensive to me at the SW. The breakfast buffet is $18.95 per person and you can get just as much food at Dukes Canoe Club for about $10 at their buffet. The Hanohano room is a high-end restaurant on the 30th floor, but it is quite expensive too. And there are so many other places you should try in Waikiki anyway. And there is a Chili's and a TGI Fridays within a 5 minute walk of the hotel. The Fridays is good. The Chilis...well, if there is one with worse service on this planet, I'd like to know. The food is so-so, but the service will make you scream. Order carry-out and take it back to the hotel if you want to avoid the poor service. There are several good Subways in the area if you just want a quick sandwich. Hard Rock Cafe is about a 15 minute walk. It's just about what you would expect from any HRC. Loud and so-so food. Planet Hollywood is even closer.Back to the Sheraton: Both pools are on the small side, but the entire Pacific Ocean is just a few steps away. There is always sufficient open beach space.Client base: I think someone told me that 70% of the guests at the SW are Japanese. I like that. They are nice, friendly people. Being from the Midwest USA, we don't get to see many Japanese or Oriential people. The vast majority are very pleasant and their children are very well behaved. They smoke in percentages that really surprises me, and you will see a lot of smokers. The ONLY thing I wish I could get them to LEARN is to walk on the right and pass on the left. They don't purposely walk on the wrong side. I assume that they drive on the left in Japan. But it would be easier if they walked on the right. They move over to get out of your way, but they are always moving in the wrong direction.The Sheraton Waikiki may not be for everyone, BUT they are almost always full. So someone is staying there. It's right in the heart of Waikiki, shopping is close, restaurants are nearby and the view is better than from almost anywhere else. The Hyatt is nice and probably has newer rooms. But it is on the wrong side of Kalakaua. You have to walk across a 4-lane highway to get to the beach side. From the SW, you walk out the back entrance and you are on the beach. That doesn't seem like a big deal until you have to cross the road 4-5 times each day.I guess the staff is the best part. From the GM, to the front desk to the people who service your rooms we've never met one person that did not have the Aloha spirit. (Maybe someday they'll even put us in a suite!)There are probably many good and great hotels in Waikiki. But we keep going back because of the way they treat their guests, its great central location, and the rooms should all be remodeled when we go back.Say hi to Alison, Betty, Randy and the other many fine people at the Sheraton Waikiki. Aloha!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A dump - even by Waikiki standards! For those of you who have never been to Hawaii (specifically Waikiki) you must realize that most hotels in the city are 'dumpy.' Here's the rule: pay $400 per night for a BASIC room and you'll get a nice room. Pay anything less than this and you'll get an 'ok' room at best. There are only few exeptions. Waikiki was built in the 50's and 60's - NOTHING has changed (including room decor and facilities).I don't often write reviews or fill out comment cards, but this place really steamed me. The Sheraton Waikiki is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed at yet. I travel to Hawaii on business several times per year and have stayed at most of the bigger hotels. The service here is lousy (forget about using the Starwood Preferred counter; you will likely have a long wait to check-in). My complaint for waiting 45 minutes in the Starwood line was ignored (I even called Starwood 2x). The decor is 60's tacky. The common areas remind me of an old Vegas hotel (so does the $2.75 per packet of coffee that is left in the room). The rooms haven't been touched since the early 80's. Everything is worn out, looks dated, damaged, etc. Even the hairdryer is turning yellow. The toilet looks rather 'industrial' as if it should be in a bus station bathroom. The bathtub is so old that the surface is worn off from cleaning abrasives. As a result, it looks dirty and scratched. The a/c thermostat constantly turns itself off or raises the temp (it has a motion sensor to detect if you have left the room - it doesn't know if you are just sleeping). The drapery track was broken so I couldn't close the drapes. I smelled smoke coming through the vents in my non-smoking room. With the recent painting of the outside of the building my lanai (balcony) looked nice. It had new tiles. Actually, the lanai was nicer than the room! THIS HOTEL DOES NOT RESEMBLE A SHERATON IN ANY WAY and certainly does not deserve to hang a Sheraton sign on the wall. I have stayed at older Days Inn properties that are nicer.For the money you will be far better off staying at the Hawaii Prince Waikiki or the Hilton (specify the new building only). If you want to spend less and get more try the Doubletree Alana or Radisson Prince Kuhio; both are quite acceptable and a terrific value.One last tip: never pay for a partial ocean view. Partial means that you can extend your body out of the window 3' while turning left - the blue color that you will see out of the corner of your eye is the ocean.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room great, food UGH!!! The room was great!! On the 29th floor and we had a view of the ocean and Diamondhead. We could look down on the pool to see how crowded it was. I loved the open area in the lobby where we could sit and watch people go by. The food was not so great, though. I only ate once at the buffet, the rest of the time walked to the Outrigger for thier buffet breakfast. The snack shop was too overpriced for the taste of their food. I went with a big group (205) and we had very little trouble checking in.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ken240
<Content>need renovation-maybe a 3-star It looked like a 4-star hotel at first, don't be happy too earlier, wait till you go in the room and use the out-dated bathroom. I also tried the TV internet thing but was totally disapointed, so don't try. I also had the luau next door in the Royal Hawiian hotel, it wasn't that great either, plus all good seats were reserved by the Japanese VIPs.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>never, never, never going back If someone paid for my trip to Hawaii, but made me stay here, I would turn them down. This has got to be one of the worst hotels I have ever seen. It looks like Elvis designed the place. From the minute I got there and saw that god awful ugly turtle statue I knew we were in for a long couple of days. The pool was an embarassment--I know many people with bigger pools in their yard. I have never stayed anywhere else in Honolulu, but I can't imagine any other hotels there this bad  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>if you tap in to the Aloha Spirit then you will find what you need Aloha, I stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki in January 03 for a U. of Hawaii Humanities conference; I paid for the $165 basic room. Since this was my second trip to paradise (previous was with my family and we stayed at the Hale Koa--great value, but need military affliliation) I was excited to be back. Upon check-in, the front desk lady matter of factly said that I was going to be upgraded to an ocean/Diamond Head view; I of course smiled broadly and then remarked, I have to thank my travel agent for getting me this great upgrade! She furrowed her brows slightly, smiled, and then said, Your travel agent did not upgrade you; we upgraded you! Increduously, I said, Why? She smiled and said, well, we can let you keep the original room if you prefer. I said, It must be the Aloha Spirit at work. She concurred with a smile. When I walked into my room I wanted to cry and laugh at the same time--the view was astounding; the perspective was framed by Diamond Head--the eye followed the undulations of this landmark to a 90 degree view of the stunning blue Pacific. At night I was lulled to sleep by the rhythmic breaking of waves. The only problem I had was to remember to keep my screen door closed; once when I failed to do so two huge sea-gulls casually sauntered into my room and seemed to say, Hey, where is my lunch! (Do not feed the birds or the word will get out to all their buddies!)We had over 900 attendees from all points of the world and the diversity was refreshing. The buffet was always delicious and plentiful. And the service was consistenty cordial and sincere.Since the sea-wall took up the beach front of the hotel I also had to walk about 20 yards to hit the more expansive soft sand of Waikiki; but don't worry, there is plenty of beach even in the season. Do your homework on the busy times; for example, in summer the beaches are more crowded because school is out--but that is also the time for less expensive air and hotel fares; there are two weeks every year when Japan celebrates its Golden Week so many Japanese come to Hawaii then; fleets regularly come in (and i am not just talking about American fleets! you have British, Korean, Japanese, and so on). Many hotels have back to back wedding ceremonies (some more than others).I personally like the frenetic energy of Oahu; but even in the midst of the madness there are always oasis of repose within a few minutes walk or drive.In other words, if you stay open to the Aloha Spirit, it will find you and guide you. But if you come to Hawaii with a demanding and arrogant attitude...well, quess what you will get? Bitter memories and a less than successful honeymoon. Did you know that the Aloha Spirit is an actual law in Hawaii? I recommend that future travelers look it up (try the Hawaiian Culture home page) and try to practice it before, during, and after your next trip to Hawaii.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible disappointment This gives Sheraton a horrible name. We stayed from Thanksgiving night through Dec 2, 2003. They were rude upon check-in when we asked for the honeymoon upgrade. They were booked to capacity, but what we were offered is, in their words,a very generous offer of $300 more/night to get a suite. We had already paid $270/night, which would have been a fair price for the entire stay. We were looking over ugly rooftops, paint buckets, and construction workers. Not exactly what a honeymoon couple wants, or anyone else, for that matter. The rooms were very old, the fixtures in the bathroom were the cheap silver things from the 70's, and the coffee was $2.25/packet, and tea bags were $1 each! That is what put me over the top. When we called the manager, her response was, We are the Sheraton Waikiki! I said, so that means you play by your own set of rules? She said, absolutely! Now, I would understand this if they had something to be proud of, but this hotel is a high rise Motel 6. It caters to Japanese tourists, which were doted on hand and foot. We Americans were definately the minority. We spent a lot of time at the Royal Hawaiian next door, and would have switched hotels, but there was no availability. We didn't say anything about our plight, but we heard a few people at the Royal Hawaiian speak about the Sheraton Waikiki and said it was definately a Japanese hotel. The Americans mainly stay at the Royal Hawaiian, or a few of the other surrounding hotels. I didn't mind staying with the Japanese, they were all very polite, I am stating what is fact. Most of the food in the buffets and restaurants are for a Japanese diet. I will think long and hard before I ever stay at a Sheraton again, this place doesn't deserve the honor of the name.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unless you're in the Large Luxury Ocean Suite...stay elsewhere.   showReview(1506792, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful room!!!!   showReview(1435684, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not bad, but nothing special   showReview(1280619, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mswoojie
<Content>Wonderful location, mediocre hotel   showReview(1273730, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Got my future business!   showReview(1257334, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the view!   showReview(1224413, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty Good   showReview(850582, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2003
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place to Stay   showReview(834522, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>From the Moana via the Royal and on to the Sheraton Waikiki!   showReview(711897, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In the Middle of EVERYTHING   showReview(708920, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銇裤仯銇°兗鈾?> 銇裤仯銇°兗鈾?</a> </div>
<Content>楂樺堡闅庛亱銈夈伄娴枫伄鐪烘湜銇屾渶楂樸仩銇ｃ仧   showReview(23265757, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>yutoraia
<Content>鐪恒倎銈傜珛鍦般倐鏈€楂樸仹銇?#x201d;       璞婂瘜銇湞椋燂緤锞烇讲锝凤緷锝革緸  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>hmht
<Content>鐒℃枡銇с儠銉┿儉銉炽偣銈枫儳銉?#x201d;   showReview(23150028, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sweetie7Japan
<Content>澶溿伄銉忋儻銈ゃ偄銉炽偡銉с兗鏈€楂橈紒   showReview(23148030, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>銈广偍銇°們銈?> 銈广偍銇°們銈?</a> </div>
<Content>绔嬪湴銇亜銇勩€?#x201d;   showReview(23097264, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>otonozo
<Content>鏅壊鎶滅兢   showReview(23047591, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>銇娿仯銇愩倱
<Content>绔嬪湴鏈€楂?#x201d;   showReview(22852668, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>銈枫儳銈炽儵
<Content>銈兂銈躲儞銉笺儊銇ч亷銇斻仚鏈€楂樸伄鏅傞枔   showReview(22293130, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>HDCAM
<Content>姘楄唤銇埄鐢ㄥ嚭鏉ャ伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(22292895, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇傘伄鏈夊悕銇兓銉汇兓   showReview(22856040, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仌銇儚銉偆銇櫙鑹层倰涓€鏈?#x201d;   showReview(22856025, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐪恒倎銇屾渶楂?#x201d;   showReview(22856002, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>oscaretyouri
<Content>Usine 脿 toutistes japonais   showReview(22110618, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>2	1	-1	3	3	3	-1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>婧€瓒炽€?#x201d;   showReview(22855307, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kazubon
<Content>鏅壊銇岃壇銇嬨仯銇?#x201d;   showReview(21425862, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>銇倐銇ｃ仚銈?> 銇倐銇ｃ仚銈?</a> </div>
<Content>鍒濆績鑰呫伀銇揩閬┿仾銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(21418914, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>kanpari
<Content>渚垮埄銇儹銈便兗銈枫儳銉炽仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(21418702, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>銈傘倐銈撱亴
<Content>澹佽杽銇勶紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(21400208, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>kazu8
<Content>缍洪簵銇уぇ銇嶃亜锛侊紒   showReview(21397563, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>銇嶃個銇?> 銇嶃個銇?</a> </div>
<Content>鍫存墍銇渶楂?#x201d;   showReview(21382605, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>skyweb
<Content>婧€瓒冲害锛橈紩鐐广仹銇椼仧锛?#x201d;       绐撱亱銈夈伄鐪恒倎  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Yamato1111
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇嬨倝銇満銈併亴鏈€楂?#x201d;   showReview(21325457, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Hawaii濂姐亶鈾?> Hawaii濂姐亶鈾?</a> </div>
<Content>鏃ユ湰瑾炪儛銉冦儊銉紒   showReview(21265412, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銈€銉笺倱
<Content>銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儞銉ャ兗銇犮仺   showReview(21191661, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儘銉犮兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(21745357, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>銇娿仚銇?> 銇娿仚銇?</a> </div>
<Content>銇俱仌銇椼亸銉忋儻銈ゃ仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(21124150, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>銈儐銈ｃ兗
<Content>娴枫亴缍洪簵銇銇堛倠閮ㄥ眿   showReview(21118541, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绲舵櫙銇偑銉笺偡銉ｃ兂銉撱儱銉?#x201d;   showReview(21745228, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>宸ㄥぇ銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(21745206, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈備究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(21745151, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿儍銈兗鈽?#x201d;   showReview(21745082, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mimi_mimi_0517
<Content>鏃ユ湰浜哄悜銇?#x201d;   showReview(20972279, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>noripple
<Content>渚垮埄銇珛鍦?#x201d;   showReview(20920674, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>tomoeai
<Content>涓€娴併仾銇伀銉撱儍銈儶锛?#x201d;   showReview(20898414, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>3	4	1	3	3	3	4	5	

<Author>kitayuka
<Content>宸ㄥぇ銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(20836676, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(21744774, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>銇曘亗銇?> 銇曘亗銇?</a> </div>
<Content>瑷€銈忋仛銇ㄧ煡銈屻仧浜烘皸銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(20769341, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儞銉ャ兗   showReview(21744642, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿儕銈ゃ亱銈夋捣浜€銇岃銇堛伨銇椼仧   showReview(21744610, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chienyan
<Content>绔嬪湴銇渶楂?#x201d;   showReview(20555847, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>miki222
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ倝銇椼仌銈掓劅銇樸倝銈屻倠       绐撱亱銈夈伄鐪恒倎  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绲愬寮忋仩銇嬨倝銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(20753183, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀛愰€ｃ倢銇究鍒┿仾銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(20752711, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kashiwareysol
<Content>鐪恒倎銇屾姕缇?#x201d;   showReview(19727984, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>madoka_jojo831
<Content>闈淬亴銇亸銇仯銇熲€?#x201d;   showReview(19689401, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>銇傘仌銇勩仭
<Content>銈点偆銈炽兗   showReview(19687819, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴枫伅鐩伄鍓?#x201d;   showReview(19915521, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>銇倞銇斻倱
<Content>銈枫儳銉冦償銉炽偘閲嶈銇汉銇伅鑹亜   showReview(19362844, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>tomohei
<Content>1鐣ぇ濂姐亶銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19186689, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇嬨倝瑕嬨亪銈嬩竴闈伄娴枫伀鎰熸縺锛?#x201d;   showReview(19914826, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>钀屻仭銈冦倱
<Content>宸ㄥぇ銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(18868598, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈勩仯銇便倞銈枫偋銉┿儓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19914787, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銉椼儷銇儴灞嬨仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19914481, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈?#x201d;   showReview(19914462, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tsukushi
<Content>銉忋儘銉犮兗銉?#x201d;       閮ㄥ眿銇嬨倝瑕嬨亪銈嬫櫙鑹?/a>  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇欍伖銇︺伀渚垮埄   showReview(19172805, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈点兗銉撱偣浠娿伈銇ㄣ仱   showReview(19172712, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴枫亴鐪熸闈?#x201d;   showReview(19172466, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>钀姐仭鐫€銇勩仧闆板洸姘椼伄銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19172279, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉勩偄銉笺儑銈广偗銇岃眾瀵?#x201d;   showReview(19172277, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>灏戙€呮湡寰呭銈屸€?#x201d;   showReview(19172248, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇嬨倝娴枫亴銈?#x201d;   showReview(19171915, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱兗銉併儶銈俱兗銉堛倰婧€鍠?#x201d;   showReview(19171883, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ仺銇勩亪銇?#x201d;   showReview(19171680, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>宸ㄥぇ銇偡銈с儵銉堛兂   showReview(19171432, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫偋銉┿儓銉炽儻銈ゃ偔銈?#x201d;   showReview(19170476, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夊績銇椼仸婊炲湪銇с亶銇俱仚   showReview(19170475, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊銇屾渶楂橈紒   showReview(19170436, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶у瀷銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19170392, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶ф簚瓒炽仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19170276, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樸伄鐪恒倎锛?#x201d;   showReview(19170200, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儘銉犮兗銉炽儜銉冦偗銇э紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(19169849, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑷崇銇竴鏅?#x201d;   showReview(19169797, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐪恒倎銇屾渶楂樸仹銇椼仧   showReview(19169721, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儘銉犮兗銉炽伀銇?#x201d;   showReview(19169407, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴枫伀娴亱銈撱仹銈嬨伩銇熴亜锛?#x201d;   showReview(19169211, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴枫倛銈婂北鍋淬亴銇勩亜銇烇紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(19168887, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儷銈炽儖銉笺亱銈夈偒銉°仌銈撱亴瑕嬨亪銈嬨倛锛侊紒   showReview(19168772, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱兗銉併€併偡銉с儍銉斻兂銈般伀渚垮埄   showReview(19168747, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瓒呬究鍒┿儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19168737, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀛愰€ｃ倢銇亰銇欍仚銈侊紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(19168389, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兂銈躲儞銉笺儊   showReview(19168385, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SteffiBerlin
<Content>Ein wundersch枚nes Hotel mit gutem Service!   showReview(12596419, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓姘楀垎銈掓簚鍠?*^^)v   showReview(19167097, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈炽偣銉堛儜銉曘偐銉笺優銉炽偣銇亜銇勩仹銇欌櫔   showReview(19166924, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼锛?#x201d;   showReview(19166854, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄儚銉偆銇倐銇婂嫥銈?#x201d;   showReview(19165640, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>宸ㄥぇ銉儞銉?#x201d;   showReview(19165259, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>婊炲湪銇椼倓銇欍亜銉涖儐銉仹銇欙紒   showReview(19163422, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>婧€瓒炽仹銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(19162957, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇嬨倝銉€銈ゃ儰銉兂銉夈儤銉冦儔銇屻亶銈屻亜銇銇堛伨銇椼仧   showReview(19162088, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ユ湰浜恒偣銈裤儍銉曘伄銈点兗銉撱偣銇岃壇銇勩仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19161940, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儘銉犮兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(19161778, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>宸ㄥぇ銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19161704, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樸仹銇欍亴銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19161424, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien plac茅 dans le centre de Honolulu et sur la plage   showReview(11416625, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉欍儵銉炽儉銇с伄銈撱伋銈娿兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19157782, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ㄣ兂銉堛儵銉炽偣杩戙仐   showReview(19156602, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐪烘湜鎶滅兢   showReview(19930103, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫偋銉┿儓銉炽€€銉偆銈偔   showReview(19929402, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绉併亴銈枫偋銉┿儓銉炽儻銈ゃ偔...   showReview(19928501, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€鍒濄倎銇︺伄銉忋儻銈ゆ梾琛?..   showReview(19926872, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉伄閮ㄥ眿銇ぇ銇嶃亸...   showReview(19926462, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ユ湰浜恒偣銈裤儍銉曘亴澶氥亸...   showReview(19926143, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛わ鸡锛炽伀銈傝繎銇忋€佽卜銇?..   showReview(19925857, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇х逗楹椼€佹棩鏈獮銈?..   showReview(19924702, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏂板鏃呰銇у垵銈併仸銇捣...   showReview(19924059, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍚勬梾琛屼細绀俱伄鍑哄嫉銉栥兗...   showReview(19923692, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婃鏈堛伀姣嶅鏃呰銇у埄...   showReview(19923411, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱仒銈撱伨銈娿仺銇椼仧銈广偅...   showReview(19923114, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儠銉兂銉堛伄...   showReview(19923113, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫偋銉┿儓銉炽儻銈ゃ偔銈伀...   showReview(19922984, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>1閫遍枔銇粸鍦ㄣ伄鏈€寰屻伄...   showReview(19922652, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸銆佹櫙鑹层伄銈堛亜...   showReview(19922389, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄銉涖儐銉伅锛撳洖鐩仹...   showReview(19922198, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐩伄鍓嶃亴娴凤紒銇撱倢銇炪儚...   showReview(19922115, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇勩倣銇勩倣娴峰鏃呰銈掋仐...   showReview(19921104, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇仒銈併仸銇с仚锛佷綍搴︺倐...   showReview(19921090, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銉撱兗銉併伀闈仐...   showReview(19920805, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛掞紣锛愶紥骞达紩鏈堛伀瀹挎硦...   showReview(19920684, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ仹銈傛湁鏁般伄澶у瀷...   showReview(19920665, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儙銉儷銇儝銉儓銉炽伆...   showReview(19920100, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉熴儑銈ｃ偄銉犮偣銈ゃ兗銉堛伀...   showReview(19919982, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄鏅傘伅锛撲汉銇с伄鏃呰...   showReview(19919980, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€鍒濄倎銇︺儚銉偆銇搞亜銇?..   showReview(19919943, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姣庡洖銆併儚銉偆銇銇忔檪...   showReview(19919897, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎮亸銇仾銇嬨仯銇熴仺鎬濄亜...   showReview(19919795, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿兗銈搞偣銈ゃ兗銉堛仺瑷€銇?..   showReview(19919561, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉伅璨枫亜鐗┿伀渚垮埄...   showReview(19919378, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍙ゃ亜銉涖儐銉仹銇欍亴銈兗...   showReview(19919304, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉併偋銉冦偗銈ゃ兂銇?0鍒?..   showReview(19918345, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉勩偄銉笺仹瀹挎硦銇椼伨銇椼仧...   showReview(19918293, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儞銉ャ兗銇満...   showReview(19918260, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘儷銉笺儣鏃呰銇у娉娿仐...   showReview(19917758, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偙銉笺偡銉с兂銇屻仺銇︺倐...   showReview(19917539, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍊嬩汉鏃呰銇偤銇偡銈с儵...   showReview(19917440, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇涖仯銇嬨亸銇儚銉偆銇伄...   showReview(19916492, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

