<Author>angeleyes27
<Content>Wonderful Hotel that Pampers You, Valet Staff Very Helpful I stayed in this hotel last week. I got an excellent rate. The hotel was in a very good location, close to the river, Jackson Square, restaurants, etc. Beautiful lobby and great valet service. We could call down to the valet service and they had our car waiting for us when we got to the parking garage. We left an expensive digital camera in the car and one of the valet staff brought it to us because he wanted to make sure that nothing happened to it. Express Check In was down, so we couldn't do that , but it didn't take long anyway. The observation deck was great. We could go up there during the day and see a birds eye view of the French Quarter. We had a Christmas cookie in our room upon arrival. We had 2 rooms and they made sure that our rooms were adjoining. We had a robe in the closet to wear. The mattresses were comfortable. The sheets were soft. They had the room temperature set to 67, which was cold for me, but you can change it.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>clcg128
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       My Room  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MaggieMaySc
<Content>Charming! What a beautiful hotel. I loved the location and the amenities.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Writer/Director
<Content>Best hotel in the Quarter Be careful if you are an Omni Select Guest and are doing the speedy advance check-in. We did that and discovered the room rate were $50 more per day than the rate we were given, and confirmed to have, when we made our reservation. My advice is to bring a print out of the email you receive with an Omni logo on it. Otherwise, when you tell the front desk to give you the rate you were confirmed to have, they will be unable to do it unless they have proof. Seriously, they made me go into the business center, spend $15 to get online, find the email which confirmed the lower rate, and print it off for them before they believed me. They did manage to give me the rate I'd been originally confirmed, but my advice to others out there is to double check your rate versus what they think it is. It would be very easy to pull a fast one and get an extra few hundred dollars out of guests who don't compare the rate they get on check in with the one they had been confirmed previously.The hotel itself is clean, up-to-date, and in the perfect location in the French Quarter. We'd thought of staying in the Ritz - and I'm glad we didn't. Because the Ritz is on the outskirts, and not at all in the Quarter. My advice is to stay here to have an easy access to everything within walking distance.We did not eat at the hotel because there are so many other wonderful places nearby. Cafe Amelie (which is about 4 blocks away on Royal Street) is one of the best places to eat in New Orleans. The food is organic, clean, amazingly crafted and prepared (like a healthy haute cousine). Other good places: The Gumbo Shop (for red beans and rice); Central Grocery (for the Muffeletta sandwich); Johnny's Po Boy's; Bayona (amazing food). I'd avoid Arnaud's because the jazz band stops playing and leaves every 10 minutes it seemed. The service there is so-so and the food is fairly mediocre. Instead, go to the other places I mentioned.We would have eaten at the hotel the morning we checked out, but we needed to be in a taxi by 6 AM. The hotel supposedly has 24 hour room service, yet, we couldn't get a scrambled egg at 5:30 AM. The only do breakfast starting at 6 AM. Must be some weird or lame rule.Get a balcony room. I wouldn't recommend staying here without one. It really makes the entire New Orleans experience.Don, the concierge, is a genius. Avoid talking to anyone working the concierge desk when he is not there. They will not be of any help. Mark my words.If you are going to New Orleans and you do not care about the French Quarter (if you're going on business, etc), my advice would be to stay at the Ritz. But if your purpose is to explore the French Quarter, the a balcony room at the Omni is the best choice. (I'm surprised they don't have all balcony rooms).  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>Ally11
<Content>Fantastic Stay We both loved this hotel.The location is excellent; in the heart of the French Quarter but on a relatively quiet side street. There are numerous great bars and restaurants close by and it is only a few blocks to the waterfront.The pool area was really nice, a bit of an oasis and really relaxing after a busy day walking around the City.I loved our room, it wasn't huge, but plenty big enough. The towels and dressing gowns were big and fluffly and top quality toiletries.Overall we had a fantastic stay.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>spork-girl
<Content>Thumbs Way Up! Held a company retreat here first week of December and things could not have gone more smoothly. Planning was made very easy by the sales staff. The banquet service was very worth the money. Delicious and varied food choices and excellent staff. The meeting space was exactly what we wanted. Lots of room, lots of natural light, good AV setup possibilities.The sleeping rooms were good. Not great, but not bad at all, maybe the style was a little old-fashioned for my tastes. Would be better suited to a romantic getaway I think. Shower had very hot water and good water pressure. Beds had very nice sheets. Staff was great about getting a coffee stain out, completely and quickly.The only complaint I have is breakfast in the restaurant closed up shop relatively early (before 11 on a Saturday), and their espresso machine was out of order (hardly controllable).LOCATION IS PERFECT. Amazing restaurants nearby (stumbling distance for those of us who like to indulge) and I guess everything in the French Quarter is basically walking distance, but this was perfect because it is 2 blocks away from the noisy streets, so it is quiet, but it is only 2 blocks from the noisy streets, where the fun happens.GREAT STAFF. The front desk and bell staff were very well-informed and helpful and gracious.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Beens29
<Content>Great location, great stay Great location, within reasonable walking distance to pretty much anywhere in the French Quarter. Room and the bathroom were a bit on the small side, but they were clean, comfortable and quiet. Would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dr. Pub
<Content>Royal Treatment at the Royal Orleans We go to New Orleans about once a year. We have stayed in many different hotels in the French Quarter including the Maison de Ville, Audobon Cottages, Bienville House, W French Quarter, Bourbon Orleans, Royal Sonesta, Ritz Carlton, Hotel St. Helene and Le Richelieu. We have also stayed at the Hilton Riverside, the Westin Canal Place, Sheraton, and the Windsor Court--all on the outskirts of the French Quarter. Now we stay at the Omni Royal Orleans every time. Here's why:LOCATION. It is, bar none, the best location in the French Quarter. It takes up a whole block. It is one block from Bourbon Street (but no Bourbon Street noise!) and one block from Decatur street near the river. There is a doorman and cabs available. it is well lighted and very safe. It is less than 100 steps from Napoleon House, NOLA, K-Paul's, and Brennan's.Remember: you may want to visit Bourbon Street, but you don't want to stay there.VALUE. I paid $139 per night for a King room with a balcony overlooking St. Louis Street (Room 258). This is a heckuva deal and here is how to get your best room at the best rate:1. Join the free Omni Select Guest program.2. Start searching ebay for Omni Free Upgrade coupons...check the expiration date. They will cost $10 - 50 each. Well worth it for any stay for two or more nights.3. Go to the website and click on Accomodations and familiarize yourself with the various room types.4. Click on Special Offers and find the best value and room type that suits you. My rate was a Papa Noel rate they run during the holiday season. It was a King room with view upgraded to a King Room with balcony.5. Call the Omni Reservation 800 number and tell them the deal you want and mention that you have a free upgrade cerfificate and see what kind of room you can get.Here a few pointers:1. Don't plan on staying in the Petite room. It is one of the smallest hotel room I have ever seen.2. The King room with a view or with a balcony (if the weather is nice) are typical hotel room size. Not huge, not small.3. Some guests on the Royal Street side complain about noise. This street is often closed off and street musicians and singers can perform there. I don't think it's bad; I think it's New Orleans.4. Valet parking in the French Quarter is expensive. If your package covers parking, it saves you $32 per night.5. For grins, ask how much the Ponchartrain Suite would cost (using the upgrade coupon). It is Room 216. It has a large separate living room, two bathrooms, two balconies overlooking different streets (it's a corner room) and is huge!When you check in, always make sure you get your perks of the Omni Select Guest program: free paper, coffee /juice, free wireless internet, extra towels, feather pillow.AMENITIES. The Omni is where the old school New Orleans rich folks have their wedding receptions; you are very likely to encounter foks dressed up attending an event there.All of the hotel employees are very friendly. There is a nice rooftop pool and fitness room. The Rib Room is well regarded as the power lunch spot in the city.Prior to our stay I spoke to the hotel's general manager (Mr. Steve Ferran) about a special request and he was very helpful and very friendly.Here's how easy check in was: the doorman told the desk clerk my name and the desk clerk gave me my little folder with the room number and key. No credit card, no initialing here and signing there. That's the Select Guest treatment.The Omni Royal O is pet friendly.If you want to pay extra for a small room in a boutique hotel with a charming courtyard, then consider the Hotel Maison de Ville. If you want elegance and and value at less than half the Ritz Carlton price, then book the Omni.E-mail me if you have any questions:thebabydoc@aol.com  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelerSavannah
<Content>Great hotel! Great location! My husband and I were in New Orleans for 6 nights for a medical conference and stayed at the Omni Royal Orleans Hotel. I used to live in New Orleans and I would always pass by it and think what a lovely hotel it was. Indeed it is lovely but they also have wonderful, friendly people working there and good service to go along with it. One of the big positives about this hotel is it's great location. It is close to all things in the French Quarter, as well as Canal Street and catching the Street Car to the Garden District. The rooms are a bit smaller than some modern hotels but they have been nicely renovated. The rooftop bar and pool are fantastic. It is the best view of the river and the Quarter you can get. The bar downstairs in the lobby is more upscale but we really enjoyed this bar as well. Over all, we had a wonderful stay and would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GraftonTraveler24
<Content>Nice but...       Balcony View  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Maenad1
<Content>Great location, comfortable room I just returned from a three-night stay at the Omni Royal Orleans. It was my first trip to New Orleans and I wanted to stay in the French Quarter. I chose the hotel based on the positive reviews here, the location, and a good deal I got on Hotwire. Upon check-in, I was shown to a very small room with a queen bed, with a view of a wall. I called down to the front desk and spoke to the Select Guest coordinator (my joining this program before I left home was a good idea; I highly recommend it) and politely asked for a complimentary upgrade as my husband and I were celebrating our wedding anniversary. She couldn't have been nicer or more helpful; she came upstairs and showed me two king-bed rooms -- both of which, while not huge, were significantly larger than the queen room -- with a view and allowed me to choose whichever one I preferred. I took room 540, which had a view of St. Louis Street. Room 508, which I was also shown, had a view of Royal Street but was noisier -- I could faintly hear music from the bars downstairs, even with the windows closed. It wasn't very loud, but I am a light sleeper and knew it would bother me at nighttime. Room 540 was near the elevator and was a smoking room, however, I could not smell any type of smoky odor (and trust me, I'm very fussy about bad odors), and its proximity to the elevator was not a problem with regard to noise -- I didn't hear the elevator dinging or anything like that. I did hear people in the hallways during the daytime, of course, but that would be true of any hotel. At night, the hallway was very quiet, and I didn't hear any street noise either.The bedroom was furnished in a pleasant cream and gold color scheme; the decor and furnishings were a bit faded and the bedspread had seen better days, but that didn't really bother me. There was a TV, a locked minibar, a coffee maker, a small but attractive bathroom, and a closet. The bed was comfortable. The overall feeling, in both the rooms and common areas, was that of faded elegance. The hotel could use some redecorating, but it's not rundown or shabby. I've heard it was recently purchased by a new owner who plans to do some updating, and I think that's a good idea. A luxury hotel should have certain amenities (upscale toiletries, flatscreen TVs, good quality bed linens) this property currently does not have. A fridge in the room would have been very welcome, too, as would some type of continental breakfast or evening teatime, etc.What really sets the Omni apart, in my opinion, is its location and level of customer service. The Select Guest coordinator sent complimentary champagne and chocolate covered strawberries to my room as an anniversary gift, and greeted me by name when I passed her in the lobby. The bellmen and front desk clerks were friendly and courteous. Every night the maids turned down the bed and left chocolates and a weather forecast on the pillow. The concierge helped advise me on taking the streetcar. I even had a pedicure in the beauty salon downstairs, which was very convenient. I also ordered room service one day when it was chilly outside; the food, though overpriced, was good and delivered promptly.The hotel's location at Royal and St. Louis can't be beat. It puts you at the heart of the French Quarter, with everything within easy walking distance, and it's not too noisy because it's a block away from Bourbon Street. (A tip: Have the jazz brunch at the Court of Two Sisters restaurant down the block; it's delicious).That said, if you're looking for a quirky, boutique-y French Quarter hotel experience, this isn't the best choice as it is a chain hotel. I stayed at the Dauphine Orleans for one night before transferring to the Omni. The Dauphine is probably more to my taste overall, with its exposed brick walls, balconies, landscaped courtyards, funky charm and free breakfast, but it wanted $180 a night and the Omni's price was better. However, I'm sure I'll stay at the Omni again if I want a great location and a comfortable room at a good price.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SiteSeeingInAmerica
<Content>Could use a good cleaning Stayed for one night. The room was very nicely decorated with a very large restroom. The hotel is located in a great location in the French Quarter, it's close to everything but not right in the middle of all the Bourbon Street partying, which is only a couple blocks away and an easy walk. On the down side, we booked online, directly with the hotel, a Superior Rooms: Offer 150 鈥?200 square feet of living space and offer one king bed with view of the French Quarter. Got no view of the French Quarter, our view was the roof top and the court yard. Even though thr restroom was large, the rest of the room was extremely small.. not kidding when they say 150 square feet. But the worse of the stay was the lack of cleanliness. The chandelar over the bed was coated with dust as was the light fixture in the bathroom and the dirt coming out of the air vent looked dangerous. Definitely not worth the $300.00 per night.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	4	-1	

<Author>UMnMD
<Content>Will return at next opportunity Can't say enough good things about the Omni. Stayed with extended family at the Omni for the American Heart conference. American Heart mistakenly reserved two rooms with one king bed each for the five of us. I was willing to accept a king room and add a rollaway, but then the manager offered to upgrade one of the rooms to a suite with a sofabed at no additional charge- very kind! Rooms were quiet and our sleep was not disturbed even thought we were only a few blocks away from Bourbon Street. Each concierge was tremendously helpful and dedicated, with great restaurant connections, shopping suggestions, etc. The on-sight restaurant was a great breakfast option, but had too many other places to go to have an evening meal there, so cannot comment on the dinner menu. View from the rooftop deck is charming, and my husband liked the pool. My father left his wallet behind at an elevator bank, and although it was taken, hotel security was very prompt and thorough, and recovered it within a couple of hours missing only the money. Easy walking distance to great restaurants (esp Brennan's and Arnaud's), Jackson Square and Canal Street shopping. Wi-fi is not free but connections are good. The ONLY downsides were: 1) the in-room coffee is not good and coffee kiosk does not open until 0700, and 2) the hotel has some chipped paint, areas of wrinkly hall carpet, etc.- even though it is very clean, it is NOT modern and glitzy if that's what you are looking for in your hotel. It is stately and regal with character and history, and it feels like it belongs in the French Quarter. We all would go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CreeHatch
<Content>Beautiful hotel in a great location. The Omni Royal Orleans is in a great location right in the center of the French Quarter. It's within easy walking distance of the RiverWalk, Bourbon St. and the French Market.Every member of the staff was so friendly and spoke to us every time we went through the lobby. Our room and bathroom were small, but well equipped and perfect for our short stay.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leahzub
<Content>A True Home Away From Home!       rooftop pool  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jenn_girl_md
<Content>Beware of Staff Check-in was fast and easy with courteous staff. Room and bathroom were both spacious and well lit. Bell service were helpful and quite prompt.They even accomodated ALL of my pre-arrival preferences (That was a first!). As a select guest member, I got free wireless internet, my paper, morning beverages accurately and punctually. Two minor mishaps which were promptly corrected: room was missing a remote- which was brought up by engineering in literally 2 minutes and nicely followed up a phone call from the front desk. The other mishap- party noise from the hallway late at night- which was quickly extinguished by their security. At this point, this was by far, the best Omni experience I've had...until check-out.Upon check-out, I found out my hotel bill including restaurant breakfast charge that morning that I did not make. The front staff at check-out was quite degrading and criminalizing. At least 2 different people questioned me numerous times if I ate breakfast in the Rib Room that morning. The last straw was when the manager with a demeaning head tilt asked me Are you sure? At that point, I was really ready to check out of that pleace. My experience there was spoiled. I will never return to this Omni.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	3	1	5	4	

<Author>grniii
<Content>Fantastic hotel Wow - what a fantastic hotel and trip! I was down in New Orleans for a photography seminar October 5-8/08 (Image X 08) and had the pleasure of staying at the Omni Royal Orleans. I had no control over this choice as everything was arranged through a tour operator. I was expecting the city would still be suffering major effects from Katrina (and I suppose to some extent it was), but I was pleasantly surprised to find a stunning hotel with copious ammenities full of friendly staff who were all very pleased to have tourists in their city.This hotel is within walking distance to the famous Bourbon Street, countless restaurants, the waterfront, a supermarket, and also situated in the heart of the French Quarter.I didn't get around to trying the restaurant in the hotel, but I heard good things from several other members in the group I was with.My room was very clean and had a lovely view. The rooftop offers a fantastic panoramic view of New Orleans (and a heated swimming pool).I can't say enough good things about my stay - I hope to return to NO again when I have time, and when I do - I will definitely be staying at this hotel.I haven't gotten around to processing all the photos I shot while I was there, but I have attached a shot of a party that took place on the street the night before we all left to fly home...this is right outside the main entrance.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DennisNJ
<Content>Best choice inside the French Quarter The French Quarter is a unique and charming place, seemingly frozen in another era. As a result, hotels inside the Quarter cannot be measured by the same standards as hotels beyond New Orleans, or even beyond the Quarter. In short, hotels in the French Quarter tend to be older, smaller and offer less amenities, but provide more character, convenience and safety. It is a trade-off and there is no right answer.However, if you choose to stay in the French Quarter, the Omni Royal Orleans is probably your best choice. The location is perfect -- three blocks from both Bourbon St. and Jackson Square and right in the heart of the Quarter's best dining and shopping. Close enough to the madness of Bourbon St., but not too close.Rooms are nice, though not opulent, clean, but not new. However, service is top shelf. Nice roof-top pool. It is a better value than the W French Quarter and a more relaxing location than the Royal Sonesta. You can visit the fraternity party without sleeping at the fraternity house.It is not the best hotel you have ever stayed in, but for what it is and where it is, it cannot be beat.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>skpke
<Content>Very good hotel Weekend getaway to New Orleans. Very pleased with Omni Royal Orleans. Beautiful lobby, hotel staff excellent. Appreciated the (+) attitude of Mohammed who helped us to our room. Glass of champagne gratis in the afternoon, quite refreshing. Room very clean. Hallway carpet a bit worn but room itself very clean and comfortable. Also very quiet despite proximity to Bourbon St. (we stayed in room 614, corner with Fr.Qrt view). Joined Select Guest program which provided free internet as well as reduced our rate just prior to stay (prebooked @ higher rate, web rate lower the 2 days before the trip). Hotel is extraordinarily conveniently located in the Quarters, close to everything, Taxis uptown inexpensive. The roof top pool, viewing deck is terrific. A relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the streets. Work out room small but great windows, light, newspapers, fruit, and water. Johny's Po-Bo restuarant down the street had tasty, New Orleans style, bksft and sandwiches (busy but lines move fast). The only fly in the ointment was not recieving our wake-up call on our morning departure. Instead of a leisurly bkfst and departure it was a madcap rush and I was more than a little upset with this. Still waiting to here from management. Overall Omni Royal Orleans is an excellent value and highly recommended. I intend to return.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>btowndude
<Content>Great Staff! Great Stay! I had planned to stay for five nights over the Labor Day weekend. But Gustav had other plans. I was part of a larger group that had booked most of the rooms in the hotel. The check in was quick and pleasant. I was upgraded to a corner king room with a large jacuzzi bath. That big bathtub was so refreshing after walking all over the French Quarter. And for three nights, I had a great experience. I took advantage of the Select Guest program and got free each morning OJ, a bottle of water and the morning paper. The entire staff was so friendly and helpful during my stay. The hotel kept us aware of Gustav's approach. When I saw the CNN vans parked in front of the Omni on my way home from the bars, I realized that it was time to leave. The hotel was very accommodating. Other hotels were kicking their guests out of their rooms, leaving them homeless. The Omni allowed us to stay until our planes left on Sunday. When I had trouble reaching Delta, the front desk clerk used his computer to access the Delta website. The doorman made sure that I had a taxi to the airport, when taxis were scarce on the streets of the French Quarter that weekend. I am very grateful to the Omni staff. The true nature of customer service is brought out during times of crisis. I am aware from friends of the horror stories at other hotels during Katrina and Gustav. My compliments to the management and staff of the Omni. Truly, the customer comes first. I will be back!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nancycliz
<Content>Love the Omni Royal My husband and I decided to celebrate our 40th anniversary in New Orleans and chose the Omni as our hotel. It was our 4th time at the hotel and it was the best yet! We were welcomed enthusiastically...wished a happy anniversary and put in a corner room with two windows. On the table was an iced bottle of champagne and a lovely fruit and cheese platter. Very classy! The bed was comfy and the room totally fit the mood for us. Thanks, Omni...see your again!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sharkdriver
<Content>Omni - Central at the right price Excellent choice if you are planning to visit the French Quarter. Central location in French Quarter was perfect for my wife and me, within easy walking distance of all the attractions in the French Quarter. We had a two night stay in the middle of the week. Staff was helpful and pleasant. Room was not large but was comfortable and nicely furnished. Price was right. I didn't want valet parking so the valet service recommended a lot around the corner, which was less expensive and met our needs. The in house Rib Room restaurant is excellent, with good service and good food.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Pippsyo
<Content>Another Great Omni Experience On the site of a former slave market, according to a local guide, we chose this hotel after good experiences during previous stays at Omni properties in Los Angeles and Dallas.After reading the reviews here on Tripadvisor we paid extra for a larger room as Mrs Pippsyo and I were staying in NOLA for around a week. The hotel originally put us in the biggest room they had in that class after we had emailed a room request for spacious. It was on the 7th floor, had very little light and was under the eaves with a sloping ceiling. It felt somewhat depressing so we asked to move room and ended up in a nice corner room on the 4th floor with 2 windows, a great sized bathroom with a jacuzzi and decent (but not huge) space. The kingsize bed was very comfortable, the table and desk were big enough, there was just about room for an armchair and the TV was side on, not huge, but fine.The rooftop swimming pool was great. It's not huge up there but enough to dip into after overheating. It's also a nice place to relax up there - with tables and chairs and also a small bar with tacky music - just like being on holiday anywhere.Mrs Pippsyo used the gym three times, I used it twice. It's not massive but is adequate with two running machines, a cross-trainer and some stretching space and a few other bits. It is also a pleasant space with lots of natural light through big windows, water and fruit. We did not eat in the restaurant but did really like the ground floor bar on the other corner. It's snug and intimate. Not much of a scene there but nice dark colours and is relaxing.Reception staff were great, concierge was helpful, the business center with 2 PCs was useful for printing out the boarding passes. Using the internet there is a totally unreasonable $7 for 15 minutes. But wifi is free in the room after joining Omni Select Guest. That program also gets you a free (but not so delicious) orange juice or other hot or cold drink in the morning on wake up. All wake ups were right on time. And a local paper in the morning was useful and fun. Even if there isn't much to read except crime stats.Downsides: as usual, parking charges are a rip-off but use the garage right next door and it's about $13 cheaper on overnight rates. Didn't use minibar for same reason. Also we came back one evening to find that the maid (we presume) had left the door unlocked after turndown. Nothing had been stolen but it was not ideal, the manager apologised but after offering to let us know what time it had been opened, did not get back to us. And nor did he offer any form of compensation. To be fair this could have happened anywhere and it is a minor reservation marring what was otherwise an excellent and enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Explrjunkie
<Content>Wonderful Holiday in the Big Easy A fan of Omni hotels in general, the Omni Royal Orleans did not disappoint. Staff was exceptionally courteous and did everything they could to make our experience an enjoyable one. Superior location: right in the heart of the French Quarter-one block off of Bourbon Street! Walking distance to Cafe du Monde, the Audubon Aquarium, Jean Lafitte National Park, and even sections of the Farbourg Marigny.Rooms are small, but posess terrific amenities: comfortable beds, a rooftop pool with amazing views, and restaurants/bars on location. The best part of this hotel is the friendly staff: we ordered dessert room service one afternoon and when they didn't have the desserts we requested, they brought us ALL the desserts they had on-hand for us to sample...complimentary of course!New Orleans is a unique city; from the wroght-iron architecture, to the yummy po-boys and crawfish etouffe, to the ever-present music, it is a place not to be missed and The Omni Royal Orleans is a great homebase from which to experience it all!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>derek1407
<Content>Very nice hotel I would certainly stay here again the next time i am in New Orleans.The reception is very nice. The rooms are very good. The actual room is small but the bathroom is relatively large. The internet was free which was a bonus. Very comfortable bed.The rib room dinner was excellent as was the breakfast. The gym was also really nice. The gym is on the roof alongside the outdoor pool which if i had time would have spent some time relaxing at.The only negative comment i have is that its valet parking only and the cost per night is more than $30.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>bvyones
<Content>Great Location We had a romantic weekend in New Orleans, and the hotel was great. The room was a little on the small side, as was the bathroom, but we didn't mind. The pool was great, just what we needed after a hot day exploring the city. Only downside was the neighbors next to us enjoyed their weed on a regular basis, so the hall sometimes reeked!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	2	

<Author>missdouglas
<Content>It was ok... My husband and I stayed at the Omni Royal July 4-7 during the Essence Music Festival. The location is great, service was very good, loved the lobby- very elegant, room service was great as well. We were a bit disappointed with the rooms. Specifically, the linens- the sheets and comforter were very worn; the bathroom was very small and the toilet was one of the older ones you used to see in malls, with the big, metal industrial handle you have to push down to flush. Everytime you flushed there was this very loud WHOOOSH. Also the walls were very thin, we easily heard the couple in the room next to us speaking, and of course, whenever they flushed the toilet. The rooftop pool was very nice. Overall , was it a horrible experience? No. Would I stay here again? Probably not, because there are so many other choices in New Orleans.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>kiddiecentral
<Content>A Fabulous stay!!!!You can't go wrong here!!!! Loved this hotel! it is not only beautiful but also centrally located in the French Quarter. Be sure to go down the block to K-Pauls for dinner and Brennan's (a block away) for breakfast. This hotel was lovely. the rooms are small but it is all you need if you are touring the Big Easy. The beds are very comfortable. The bathrooms clean and new. I recommend it highly!!!!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LouisianaSummer
<Content>Almost luxury in the middle of the French Quarter The Omni is a very nice hotel, refreshing change from the norm in the middle of the French Quarter. The rooms are comfortable and if you want lots of space request a King corner room, I could've swim laps in the bathtub. If you hang out in the hotel bar you are sure to run into a celebrity during the week on break from filming!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Gruman28
<Content>Great Place to Stay My wife and I stayed at the Omni for our tenth wedding anniversary. Normally we stay at another hotel on Bourbon St, but wanted a little quieter place. I booked with the hotels website and got a great rate. They gave us a standard room with two double beds. The room was very nice. I was worried that the room was going to be tiny because all of the reviews, but it was just like any other hotel room (two beds, nightstand, TV with stand and a few drawers, a desk, a nice comfy chair with ottoman and even a closet). We did not eat in the restaurants or order room service. The pool was very nice and the view was spectacular. The people working at the rooftop bar were great! The only think that we could complain about was that there wasn鈥檛 a soda machine in the hotel to get a late night drink. One of the other reviews complained of too much water pressure, it is strong, but you will be fine.The location is great. You are a block from bourbon and a can get to everything by walking. We had a great time and will return.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>coasthighway1
<Content>Old World Charm with Modern Ammenities!       Cafe Du Monde  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>LALADY6048
<Content>I will not stay here again! This was supposed to be a weekend getaway/birthday trip for my husband and I and wanted to stay at a top hotel in the French Quarter. First of all, we got there about 3 hours early before check-in time and pulled up to the curb of the hotel. The doorman, Marty, was extremely rude to me which started me off on a bad note, but I was willing to overlook this a-hole to stay at this fancy shmancy hotel. Check-in was a breeze (since we made reservations) and we went up to our room. NOT what I expected! A small room- nothing special. The bed was not comfortable and the room looked like it had not been thoroughly cleaned- very dusty. Later that night, my husband called room service for a dessert for my birthday (only 3 or 4 items are on the dessert menu) but they didn't have any cake or cheesecake, so I ordered pecan pie. The pie was ice cold and not very good.The next day we stayed around the pool for most of the day and it was nice (you can see for miles around New Orleans from up there on the rooftop). Overall, I would have to say that for $200 a night it is SO NOT WORTH IT! We should have stayed at the Hotel Monteleone which is 10 times better for about the same price.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>TruJules
<Content>Wonderful experience One of my best friends and I had a wonderful experience staying at the Omni. The valet and front desk staff were so courteous and friendly and the lobby was immaculate. The room was clean and had a terrific view, of course we asked for a room with a view. And the bedding was very comfortable, we slept well. The location really is supurb, 1 block from Bourbon Street, yet far enough away that we heard no noise. Only thing that I was disappointed about was that they had closed the rooftop pool bar due to rain. Once the rain had stopped, they didn't reopen it and that was one of the reasons that I chose this hotel to begin with. I will check the weather next time and come when it's pretty enough to swim and have a drink. Other than that one issue, it was a wonderful stay and I would definately return!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gusdog
<Content>Nice hotel, great location My husband and I just spent the weekend at this hotel. The hotel is pretty and is very New Orleans. The terrace on the top (7th) floor is a very nice place for a swim or a drink and has a wonderful view of the quarter. The standard rooms are very small. This isn't a problem if it's just you and your partner, but just be warned (think an efficiency in Manhatan). The best part of the hotel was its location. You can walk to any place in the quarter within 10 minutes. The service was also very friendly and the flowers give the hotel a wonderful aroma. We had one little snafu when we checked in - we were given the wrong room, but the reception comped us our lunch at the Rib Room for what was really a very minor inconvenience.The Rib Room, is nice. A great cool jazz band plays there. It is fairly expensive and you can find good food for less money in the quarter. We ate at the Gally - fantastic oysters on the half! St. Chartres House - good, but expensive, po boys. And of course, Cafe du Monde for wonderful, inexpensive and very messy beingets. You'll have a nice time at this hotel. If you are skipping the BBs and staying central in the quarter, this is probably your best bet - unless you don't mind forgoing the entire ambiance of the quarter for a cheaper place (like a Ramada).  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>migirlMichigan
<Content>Enjoyed the Omni My husband and I stayed recently at the Omni and very much enjoyed our stay. The room we were given was spacious and clean. The roof top pool had a beautiful view. The location of the Omni cannot be beat. It is in the heart of the French Quarter and allows you to pop in and out of your room easily.My only complaints were: the pool could use a cleaning (it wasn't filthy but it wouldn't be a bad idea) and we saw a palmetto bug (cockroach) on the 3rd floor. When we called the front desk to take care of the matter, we waited 1/2 an hour. My husband called many times and still no one came. My husband ended up killing it (it appeared to have come up the elevator shaft and was crawling around the hallway).  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	4	1	

<Author>Angelinas74
<Content>Half okay, half not-so-much Location is great if you want to be in the middle of everything but far enough away from Bourbon. The staff was courteous, the lobby was gorgeous. But its an old hotel, so the elevators were creaky, the carpet in the hallways was old and dingy and the lighting was dim. The rooms were okay, not 4-star. The bed was very comfy. Bath was average. What was scary however was when we woke in the morning to check out, we couldnt take showers because there was no hot water. And I dont mean the water wouldnt get hot - I mean when you turned the hot water knob, a hollow bellowing sound of rusted pipes just shook and no water came out. Yikes. Stay at the Hilton!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>cleolily
<Content>Great Location, Horrible Service I booked our room here, a superior room with a King view, for 2 nights last weekend. Upon arriving, I called from the airport to say we were on our way in case it would be possible for early check in. They said that we'd be put on a list, and they would call when our room was ready.We arrived, checked our bags in with the bellman, and went shopping, ate lunch, etc. We decided to stop by the front desk before heading to the superdome for the annual wine festival that we had tickets for, just to make sure a room was not available before heading over there. The girl behind the desk, Monique, said it would be just a bit longer. I checked back in 30 minutes. I was then told that housekeeping had actually been at lunch, but in 30 minutes room 716 would be ready for us. I went back up there in 45 minutes, I was told by another girl they were working on it. Finally, I went up there to see if it was ready and was advised that housekeeping CLEANED THE WRONG ROOM! Now, I want to make it very clear that we would have been totally fine if from the beginning we were told to proceed to the wine festival, early check in was not possible. Additionally, the rude attitude they gave us was ridiculous. Awful service for a 5 star hotel. The only person at this hotel that provided decent service was the gentleman at the conceirge desk. Very nice.I'd stay elsewhere due to lousy service.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	1	1	2	

<Author>freetoroam
<Content>World Class Service Our visit to the Omni Royal Orleans was a 70th-year birthday present for my wife and everything about this fine hotel exceeded our expectations and memories of an earlier stay 30 years before. Twice before our arrival we received phone calls from Pam, the concierge, asking if we had any special needs or request. Upon arrival we were greeted by express check in (an online advanced check-in service), a beautiful room with balcony overlooking the French Quarter, and a visit from Pam with a tray of complimentary treats. Our evening dinner in the Hotel's Rib Room was a delight of both food and high quality service which included a happy birthday cake (the restaurant's present..don't know how they knew?).Prior to my retirement I've had the occasion to stay in the finest hotels in this country. But never have I experienced such a high quality of personal service and at a price half of what I would have expected.The tradition of excellence and southern hospital is alive and well in the Omni Royal Orleans. They made two seniors very happy.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>scout29
<Content>Great location, clean,  My husband  I stayed at the Omni Royal for a long weekend in New Orleans. The hotel is very well situated, right in the French quarter, but still far enough away from Bourbon Street that the rooms were quiet.The seventh floor pool  bar has an excellent view of the quarter, and we often went here for a drink prior to going out for dinner. We also used the work-out room and, while small, it had a reasonable number of elliptical  other cardio machines, weights, and other work out stuff.Our room was quite small, but nicely furnished and very clean. We requested a quiet room, and this is exactly what we got. Staff at the the hotel were helpful and kind. We would stay here again if we returned to NO.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TobyNewYorkCity
<Content>Lovely hotel We stayed here for Jazz Fest and loved it. Friendly professional service and a fabulous location in the French Quarter. Our coutyard facing rooms, though small, were quiet. We loved the heated pool on the roof with a view of the river. Very good service from the staff and concierges as well.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>flyin321
<Content>Perfect Location-Fine New Orleans Style Hotel Our group stayed in this hotel for the Jazz Fest week for business trip. First off, the sales manager Jennine was extremely helpful getting us the rooms we need. We also used one of their meeting rooms as an office space. Location is perfect: located across from old courthouse building so the block is relatively quiet (no bars, etc.) but once you step out a block or so, there's Bourbon St., French Market and all that jazz. I think this is the best location to stay if you want to enjoy French Quarter and the best of NOLA. It's close enough when I bought a lot of souvenir I could go back to the room to drop them off. Room size varies. The one I stayed in was the Petit room with queen size bed. It was small, but no cramped feeling. Desk, cadenza and mini bars in the side table made it convenient enough for staying in the room. Bathroom has a nice size tub and a great shower. I wish there was a bit more counter space, but it was fine. My boss stayed in King size room which was larger and spacious. I recommend getting this room if you are claustrophobic. Rooftop pool and the bar is the best feature of this hotel. All night in-room service menu is pretty good too.I'd definitely come back to this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>silby71
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at the Omni We had a good experience at the Omni Royal Orleans Feb 29-Mar 5. Check-in was smooth, although the desk clerk had problems with their computer not recognizing leap day! We got a deluxe double room facing St. Louis Street. I had heard about the problems with small rooms but I thought our room was adequately sized. Of course, there were only two of us and even though we really only needed one bed, maybe we got a larger room because of the two beds in the room. The bathroom, however, was tiny and had just enough space for one person to primp in front of the mirrors. There was another full length mirror mounted on the outside of the bathroom door though. The toilets were very loud when flushed. Also, even though our room faced St. Louis Street, I rarely heard any street noise, other than the occasional siren. Once there was a wedding procession that came up St. Louis street, which we watched from our window. It just added to the ambiance of being in New Orleans. I awoke once to a drunken party-goer returning to their room chanting obscenities in the hallway at 2 a.m. in the morning. I imagine this goes on at a lot of hotels in New Orleans though. I was so tired from the day's activities that it didn't bother me much and I went right back to sleep. My husband asked me the next morning if he had dreamt that, so it didn't bother him too much either. We signed up for their Select Guest program and as promised, we got drinks every morning delivered to our room, which was a nice touch, and free wi-fi, which I needed for work. We got turndown service every night as well, which included turning on some soothing nature video and music channel on the TV but it was spotty whether or not they left chocolates. There was one day of the 5 where our morning drinks were later arriving than requested and there was no turndown service. I wondered if the staff was not on their game that day. We noticed little extras, like umbrellas in our closets in case it got rainy. Thankfully, we didn't have to use them. I also liked the maps which folded to the size of the room key. They came in handy as we were walking around. The bellhops were friendly. He gave us a bigger map with coupons and suggested lunch at the Napoleon house next door, which was fantastic. The concierge service was helpful as well. We did not utilize the pool since it was too cold to swim, but we did go up there to see it and to see the views of the French Quarter from the roof. We also saw the exercise room. It was small but appeared well equipped. Service was slow at the Rib Room for breakfast. Other than minor hiccups, it was a great stay all in all.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>wanttogoeverywhere23
<Content>Awful Service,Rude Staff,Will take items from your room,Stay alway I traveled to New Orleans for the nba all star weekend and was excited about staying in the omni,with the perception that the hotel would be as great as its dallas mandley,chicago, and austin hotel'艧.My bad experience with the hotel started before I ever checked in.I reserved the room for the event 4 months in advance and notified the hotel that I would be using omni gift certificates to pay for a portion of the stay, and they insured me they could be used.On the arrival date I checked my bank balance and the hotel charged the entire amount to my account.Once I brought it to the front desk attention and waited for about a hour they decided to honor my gift certificates (what was there to decide),but since monday was presidents day my refund of nearly 300 dollars didn't arrive until a week later,which was some of my funds I planned to use at the casino.That's just the beginning since i'm a gold select member I have the option of a five o clock check out,in which I always need.I notified the frontdesk and they had me down for late checkout.The next mourning housekeeping wakes us up at 9 am, didn't you guys notify them of the late checkout.We left the room with our things still there around 11 am to eat at acme oyster which everyone should try and to do a little site seeing before we left new orleans.Upon arrive back to the hotel at 4 pm,the room was clean and our things where gone.Once I notified the front desk of our missing items they treated me as a homeless man off the street and did not make it a priority to find my items.I spent over 2 hrs in the lobby trying to receive justice for my missing items,and all they could say iswhat do you want me to do about ittheres nothing we can do.He even told me the room has a safe,why would I stay here if I had to put all of my things in a safe everytime I left.One of the front desk clerks told me the guy who did the late checkout didn't put it in the system properly.Is it my faught there front desk attendants aren't trained? I spent more time in the hotel lobby then in the room itself.The staff was terribly rude,majority of there guests where older and caucasian.I couldn't help but to percieve I was treated this way because I was ethic and young.The hotel did return my 360 dollar sunglasses which are no longer usable because they placed oversized sunglasses in a small envelope binding them.I stayed a addition night because there were many people still in the city and to to give the hotel time to find my things.The king suite and the deluxe queen are identical in size and extras,both only had addition outlet plugs in the bathroom with is dangerous while charging a phone.This is the only omni hotel where I did not receive my complimentry drink for select guest(thats bad service). location is quiet,but needs new stuff from top to bottom.There are several nicer hotels in the french quarter probably with a better price tag.I still have not had my items returned to me or any recourse.I plan my trips based on where omni hotels are located but this indeed was last stay with this chain.Not to discredit other omnis,but im sure I could have received better service at a motel 8.Beware this could be you.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelgirl75
<Content>Paying more doesn't guarantee everything goes perfectly We planned our trip the week before and since some nice weather was in the forecast, chose to treat ourselves to the Omni. The website promotes their rooftop pool open year-round and we took the bait coming from our colder climate. When we arrived, we were told parking was 31$ per day but we could take our car in and out as often as needed and at local lots you have to pay again when you take your car out. We decided to pay extra for the convenience.We arrived to find that the pool was closed for renovations. Instructions were given to visit a hotel 3 blocks away. A 3 block walk is nothing for us so we packed a bag to visit the other pool. There was no drink service (and can't run down to your room for ice or a drink!) and it was much smaller. Walking back hot, tired, wet, and thirsty was miserable and made me wish we had immediately checked out of the omni when we realized the pool was closed, since pool day was part of our plans. The hotel should have had a notice on the website when we chose these dates last week to choose a room. If you plan a pool day, call the hotel and ask about renovations, especially in the off season.We planned a daytrip on our last day. We called the parking garage several times for our car with no answer. We arrived at the parking garage and saw a very long line of people waiting on their cars and couldn't get the attention of an attendant to find out how long the wait was. We asked several people in line about how long they had been waiting and estimated our wait was 1 hr. Would be a LOT less irritated with that if we weren't paying such high rates. Just park at a public lot, because there is no reason to go In-and-out while staying at the french quarter, and your car is not held hostage when you need it. We took the bus.Exceptionally nice people work at the omni and it was clean. Just had some things work against us that you could avoid by asking the right questions.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JerseyTraveler100
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location This is a great place to stay if you want to be near Bourbon Street. I鈥檝e previously stayed at the Marriott, which is a very nice hotel, but it鈥檚 farther away and requires walking through some areas you may prefer not to. The rooftop pool area is gorgeous. Nice heated pool, nice furniture, and a great view. Looks like it would have been a nice place to hang out if it hadn鈥檛 been so cold. The rooms were nice, but make sure you request a larger size room because it sounded like some people had tiny rooms. The complementary beverage service for Select Guest members is really nice, so sign up for that before you arrive. I felt that the downfall of this hotel was the front desk staff. They were pleasant enough, but didn鈥檛 seem to have their act together. One evening I called to inquire about my blinking message light and was told that I didn鈥檛 actually have a message. I found out the next evening that there had been a message. One day, housekeeping took my room service selection card from the room, so I called for a new one so I could order breakfast and go to bed. It took four phone calls and over two hours to get a new one brought up, although I鈥檇 offered repeatedly to just come downstairs and grab one from somebody. Then my husband sent me a gift basket that was apparently misplaced. After it wasn鈥檛 delivered the first day, I called the front desk to inquire, and they told me that I鈥檇 have to wait until the concierge came in the next day. My husband got on the phone with them, and they did retrieve the basket that evening and delivered it to my room. I also had an extra room service charge on my bill at checkout, which they took off without a problem. Nothing major, just more than the normal amount of hassles.We had a wonderful meal at K-Paul鈥檚, as did other members of our group on various nights. All reports were glowing. I ate at Nola last year and found the food only slightly above average and the staff on the rude side, which was a surprise after a very nice meal I鈥檇 had at Emeril鈥檚 restaurant in Orlando.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Historiana
<Content>Can't Beat the Location Wonderful location so close to many of the main attractions and restaurants yet far enough from Bourbon Street to be quiet. The rooms vary greatly in size so that some members of our group very happy and others were disappointed. Service was almost uniformly delivered at a high level. They did very well in hosting our meeting and I would definitely stay there again on either business or vacation.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WSU Cougar
<Content>New Orleans at its best We stayed at the Omni Royal the week before Mardi Gras officially opened. Perfect timing. The town was decked out in it colors, we saw some of the smaller parades, and we escaped just as mayhem began. Our room was small, but delightful. Clean, nicely appointed, comfortable, and cozy. They have larger rooms; we were there on business, a corporate rate. The rooftop pool area is lovely, although it was too chilly to swim. The water was heated, however, had we been bolder. The location cannot be beat. Right in the heart of all the action, just a short block off central Bourbon Street. The staff went out of their way to be cordial, helpful, and genteel. I'd return in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nurse1sue
<Content>nice but not great stayed at the omni for 5 nights while in town for a convention. the hotel is beautiful but can be very noisy. the first room we had was the size of a closet. i know french quarter rooms can be small but if we put our suitcase out we could not get around the end of the bed and we were paying $250 a night. we were moved to a slightly bigger room the next night. we had booked a smoking room in june and they said they didn't have any left for us. the desk girls were pretty much clueless but after talking to the manager things were resolved. the doormen were great and very helpful. housekeeping was good though twice we were left clean towels but no washcloths. the rib room was ok , there house salad dressing was the high lite, i guess that says it all. room service was typical although as select guests we did get our free beverages. free paper was spotty, sometimes there sometimes not. would stay there again if i had to but there are nicer places for less money in the french quarter.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>TAfromCanada
<Content>Really nice Hotel We stayed here for a few nights before leaving on a cruise from New Orleans.The hotel staff were very friendly, and I was impressed with how well the French Quarter has recovered! Great job!The big downfall I had was we had a light bulb shatter in our bathroom (pieces flew all the way into our hallway).It took them over an hr to set someone up, and then they cleaned a couple of pieces from the floor up, but there were still pieces on the toilet, and in the bathtub, and even in the glass we were using for our toothbrushes.We tried to complain but no one really seemed to be concerned seeing it was Jazz fest and the hotel was full.We ended up buying new toothbrushes to be on the safe side, and cleaning up the mess on our own. If they had taken care of this situation a bit better, I would've ranked the experience a LOT better.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	-1	4	1	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Westshore
<Content>Reasonable price and a great location Stayed here in a basic king room for 3 nights in late December, 2007. The hotel is attractive, clean and has an accommodating staff. The prices during the week are great, then increase for weekend nights. Great location. Close to everything in the French Quarter. My only real complaint was the internal noise. If someone is talking while walking down the hall you will hear it very clearly in your room.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Goteed1
<Content>Great Hotel/Great FQ Choice Loved this place. First time here and really wanted to make sure I got a great hotel. I am on the last night of my week here and have mostly great experiences. The location is perfect. Close to all touristy things, service was excellent as well, concierges were all very helpful. I booked a superior room directly and got a great rate, because I did not want any issues with a small room. Also, definitely sign up for the select guest service beforehand. Free wifi, turndown service etc. ALSO, my birthday is this month, so they left a bucket of cold champagne in my room with a sweet card. WOW! Great touch. Had no noise issues whatsoever. All in all a great place to stay.Some minor things for me: Room service bills. Order an $18 breakfast and by the time it gets to your room, it magically becomes $36 with all the fees and gratuities. You would think that they drove it in from Texas. I know hotels do this because business travelers could care less, but I bet if you kept those fees in check more people would order food.The Rib Room has great food, but the attitude is a little too precious for me. Although I did get a kick out of seeing people actually dress up for dinner and lunch, much of the help there think they own the place. I was about 10 minutes too late for a breakfast serving and the help clearly thought that I had some nerve for dare asking for breakfast too late. I would reccomend this place to anyone and would definitely come back here.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cabogolf19
<Content>Bring your tourist $$$ to New Orleans Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Omni Roayl 12/16-12/20.I did a lot of research before booking at the Omni. The reviews on tripadvisor were very helpful. We booked online and received an awesome rate direct from the hotel. We booked a King Superior with a view (not really). Since the weeks before Christmas are slow, the rate per night was $103. During other times of the year you will pay $300 a night for the same room.Upon arriving at the hotel by taxi from the airport ($28.00 + tip), we went to check-in. The associate at the front desk just handed me the keys and did not provide any information about the hotel or local sights etc. The first room we were given was on the 7th floor. Warning, all view rooms on the 7th floor come with angled ceilings and a window so small and high you will see nothing. I felt like I was staying in my Grandma's attic. I aksed to be moved and was, to the 6th floor. The view from the hotels view rooms are not really views. Save your $$ and book a room without a view. I was suprised that no reviews have mentioned the noise problems at this hotel. This will deter me from staying here again or recommending it to others. I have stayed in a Bourbon Street hotel during Mardi Gras and expereinced less noice. I was 4 rooms away from the elevator and if you stay in rooms lower than 50 or 51 you will hear the ding of the elevator and loud talking. Staying at this hotel during a busy time of year would be very unpleasant. Do yourself a favor and request a room as far as possible from the elevator.The doors to the rooms are heavy and you will door slammming all the time. You will also hear people in the rooms next to you and above you and their toiltes and shower too.The first night at the hotel I ordered room service, soup and a salad. It took an hour for my order to arrive and it was not correct. To their credit, the hotel did the right thing and removed the charages from my bill. I used the hotel's concierge services and was quite happy and we ate in the Rib Room. The food and service were fine. Do join Omni's Select Guest Program before you arrive. You will get free internet access and morning beverage service. These were nice perks.Since we had done the French Quarter experinece during a previous trip, we spend our days exploring other parts of New Orleans. We took the Gray Line Katrina Tour. This was very informative, not macabe. The tour guide is a NOLA native and you will walkaway feeling angry that 2 1/2 yrs after the storm that things are not where they need to be. If you can, talk with folks you are rebuilding. You will get a sense of why people have not come home.Do not miss the WWII Museum. Fabulous! We arrived at Noon and left at 5:00 pm. If you are a history buff you should plan to spend the entire day. We decided to also take a walking tour of the Garden District. This was a great tour. You simply take the St. Charles Streetcar to the location where the tour meets. We also enjoyed some great music during our trip. We navigated to Donna's for Monday night music. You will get red beans, rice and chicken to go along with the music.We also went to the House of Blues and was luck enought to hear the Rebirth Brass Band!Overall, a good trip. I would choose another hotel next time around. There are too many hotels to choose from, so you don't need to settle for one that will not make you happy.Go to New Orleans. They need your $$$ and you will have an awewsome time.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Punsterva
<Content>A great first anniversary!       Room  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>caholla
<Content>A great place for a long or short term visit This was hands down one of the nicest hotels I've ever experienced. The location is perfect for anyone wanting a taste of the New Orleans scene. My room was nicely appointed with very nice, tasteful furniture. The amenities are unmatched elsewhere. And the price I paid for all of this was phenomenal.That said, there was a hitch in my visit. The line at check in was 8 people long and there was only one clerk at the desk. I waited in line for almost half an hour. The biggest frustration was that I had checked in online, and they did not have my room key and information on the online check in board as promised. The clerk was working very hard and was friendly, but it started the stay on a bad foot. She did not seem to acknowledge the line or the frustration of those standing in it, however.For the price I paid for, it was a great bargain and I would do it again in a heartbeat. I would have been very upset if I had paid full price and had to stand in line for half an hour for check in though.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	1	4	5	

<Author>ymak37
<Content>Favorite place to stay in NO This is my favorite place to stay in NO. Great location in the French Quarter. Great service. Clean. Love the rooftop pool and bar. Have stayed here multiple times and would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SFHArkansas
<Content>not so great I stayed at this hotel from 12/7-12/9. I had some items go missing from my room on the first night and am pretty much being told 'tough luck' from upper management. I get the impression they look at your belongings as fair game if you don't utilize the safe they provide (and have access to at any time!). Bottom line...don't take anything of any value with you when visiting this hotel. Other than that, it is a beautiful place to stay!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Guillaum
<Content>Excellent everything I stayed with my family over the Thanksgiving WE and was extremely happy with the Omni.We booked two connecting king rooms and at the time of booking, the staff was very helpful advising on the best and cheapest solution for us, made sure with the front desk we would get connecting rooms (not only adjacent) and even told us our room numbers at the time of booking. The rollaway bed was there when we came. Rooms were rather on the small side, but clean and nice.Location is excellent, in the middle of the French Quarter, close to all nice restaurants, etc. but also quiet, safe, easy to walk back at night. NOLA restaurant, The Pelican Club, Mr B's Bistro, Preservation Hall, House of Blues - all these restaurants or jazz places are like a couple of blocks away - not to mention Bourbon Street if you like the drunk / party / strip club atmosphere there... Daytime, you are on Royal Street with antiques shops and art galleries. The hotel building in itself also is rather nice.The service was excellent - we wanted more blankets and they came in the middle of the night (we arrived at 1am in the morning) in 5 minutes. Room service, changing bulbs in the room, anything we asked seemed to always come in less than 5/10 minutes ! Breakfast in the morning at the Rib Room was great - we were so well taken care of and staff was so friendly.It was too cold for a drink on the roof terrace but the view on the FQ and the city from there is nice. On the roof were also the pool, open and heated, nice and clean, and the fitness room - small but nice.What else can you expect for 109$ a night per room ?I hear New Orleans needs the tourists back - in these conditions it would be foolish not to go !! :)  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TARCY2
<Content>Excellent All Around       King Balcony  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Giveypup
<Content>The Good and The Mediocre The number reason that one stays here and that we might stay here, again, is the LOCATION, location, location. It is accessible without having the terrible din of other hotels on Canal or the noise, dirt, and degredation of Bourbon St.The rooms are very small, the workout room is ill-equipped, and, often, in 8 days of our stay, one or more machines weren't working.The rooftop pool and lounge is very nice. The staff is extremely uneven--the doormen were all dolls, and it was hit and miss about the level of courteous and helpfulness at the front desk. You could encounter someone entirely congenial or wholly rude. One of the managers was lovely (and compensated us, voluntarily, for a mishap that was the hotel's fault) while another manager fairly yelled at me doncha get it, when questioning him about a downstairs safe and made a face at his subordinate to communicate his frustration with me. One thing that I found sorely lacking, which I didn't know was important to me until I didn't have it, was the lack of a real lobby at the hotel. There are more luxe hotels with better, customer is always right, service in New Orleans (like The Windsor Court, although the Ritz was nothing special when we stayed, there), but they are outside of the French quarter and involve having to deal with the noise and traffic of Canal Street.Oh, yes, The Grill Room/Rib Room--whatever it is called--was excellent with very professional service.Finally, everyone should be flooding (no pun intended) New Orleans with their tourism. It is a lovely town with a lot of heart with world class restaurants, art galleries, music, activities, street life. It is very special and has lost none of its charm.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HappyTrailsForMe
<Content>A wonderful hotel This was our third trip to New Orleans in the last 12 years and this hotel was the best we had stayed in so far. I only wish we had found it sooner. You can not hope to find a better location in the French Quarter and the amenities were great.We were very pleased with our stay and hope to return again soon.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ParrotHeadFL
<Content>Small Room, But Great Hotel       The bed  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Dragonsausage
<Content>Omni was fab! Lovely Hotel in perfect location! Two blocks from Bourbon but quiet at night. The staff are all very efficient and friendly and helpful. The room is smallish but spotlessly clean and stylish. Bathroom small but perfectly formed. We didn't eat there but you must have drinks at the pool bar lovely views and cool! (expensive though)There was a problem with the bill on checkout (why do people raid the minibar and leave the bill for the next visitors?) but quickly resolved without quibble. You can use the computers in the business centre to check in and print boarding passes for free!!You also must do a swamp tour!!!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Zelda_T
<Content>5 star luxury on a 3 star budget This is one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in. The building itself is stunning: an old plantation house with an amazing roof top pool. Make sure you pack your costume! The staff were also really helpful, efficient and the whole hotel runs like clockwork. We got an amazing deal on Priceline - something like 拢80 a night, although it was probably helped that it was off season. I will definately be staying at the Omni if I return to New Orleans. New Orleans itself is really trying to get back on it's feet and if you are considering a trip there I would say it's definately worth going.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LiverpoolVonny
<Content>Loved the Omni       Omni Royal, right in the heart of the Quarter  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>jodam
<Content>Omni is # 1 The service here was fantastic. We'll talk about it from now on. They made our 25th anniversary a lifetime memory. We are coming back, you just can't see it all in a weekend. Thank You Omni Staff.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>suzitzki
<Content>Absolutely amazing! This hotel takes your breath away the second you step in the door.The rooms are lovely, not huge, but so well put together with small finishing touches that are lovely.Rooms are quiet, staff are friendly, location is absolutely perfect - you feel completely safe - rooftop pool/bar/lookout is really relaxing and welcome after being out and about in the heat.I was unwell when we arrived in New Orleans and the staff went out of their way however they could to help me get medication and asked each day how I was feeling. Every single staff member was amazing - they exemplify customer service. The only exception was the grumpy unhelpful young woman who was on the front desk at night.I'm not sure what star rating it is, but it all combined to feel like a 5 star experience.There is nothing that I can say that is negative about this place.If you want a great place to rest after a long day where you can feel relaxed  welcome, look no further!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>dixiedee10
<Content>The best in the Quarter! I always stay at the Royal when in New Orleans. It is one of the most convenient locations, one block off Bourbon, close enough but far enough away for a great night's sleep. Safety is always a primary concern and at the Royal, I feel like I am home. The staff is fantastic and go out of their way to be friendly, helpful and welcoming. The rooms are fantastic! Room service is great and fast. Shopping on Royal is right out the side door. I have stayed at many of the other higher end hotels, and by far it is my favorite.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Myia001
<Content>Convenient location but just another hotel My husband and I just return from NO, having celebrated our one year anniversary. I have to say I was quite dissappointed with the trip as a whole. While the Omni was in a great location for walking to most anything you wanted, it was just another hotel. I knew older hotels have smaller rooms so when we ended up with a King with a jetted tub I was pleased. Although I didn't want to use the tub, the room and bathroom were ample size. Being at the end of the hall it was also quiet and had a view of the courtyard. When we woke the next morning, however, we heard water dripping. We went into the bathroom to discover water coming down from the room above. Quite a bit of water - the towels we put on the floor were sopping wet. Upon closer look we could tell that this was probably a regular occurance and there was mold in the air vent proving it. We were given another room facing the street, but it was on the 2nd floor with the meeting rooms and not as nice. Not to mention much louder and smaller due to just having a regular tub. Also, the Sizzlin package mentioned coupons we did not receive although I'm sure we could have asked for them. Also, Saturday night the roof top bar was closed, but the pool and observatory area was open late. It's a nice area to catch a breeze away from the stuffy, dirty and stinky French Quarter streets. Sunday night the bar was open, but the manager made everyone leave the area when it closed at 10 p.m.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>news222
<Content>Book with confidence at the Omni Orleans Just returned from a lovely weekend in NOLA and at the Omni Royal Orleans. The location could not be more perfect for walking anywhere you want to be in the Quarter. It is 2 blocks west from Jackson Square, 2 blocks south of the Hard Rock on the Riverfront, and 2 blocks south of Bourbon Street, at the corner of Chartres and St. Louis. It is close to everything, yet in a very quiet area. We went with another couple and each had queen bed rooms on the 2nd floor. The rooms were exactly as pictured on the hotel and candid traveler photos, and while small, they were clean and nicely decorated. Small is to be expected in most NOLA rooms in the quarter, whereas clean and updated is not, so we were thrilled. Our windows opened out onto a 2nd floor courtyard, and we thoroughly enjoyed sitting out on the chairs just outside our window in the morning with coffee, and one evening the 4 of us enjoyed a relaxing evening just sitting out in the courtyard enjoying the night lights and breeze. One of our party requested an iced bucket of beers which was promptly delivered to us out in the courtyard. We also enjoyed the rooftop pool, cabanas, bar and observation deck. After a hot humid day of walking around the quarter, the pool was refreshing and appears to be kept cooled to around 83 degrees. We were impressed that the beverage prices and even the mini bar were not the normal hotel outrageous, however be advised that the overnight parking is $31 w/tax. The good news is that it is valet, covered and secured parking and the valet and bellman could not have been more friendly. Additionally, if you cab it from the airport, it is going to cost you $30/couple + tip anyway, or $15/pp per way on the airport shuttle. We booked our flights and room thru AATravel and got a dirt cheap rate, but I wouldn't hesitate to pay more and stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>travelinSan
<Content>We only stay at the OMNI I just returned from a 4-night stay (8/5-8/9). I've stayed at the OMNI nine times over the last several years. We had a wonderful stay at the OMNI as always. The pool area has nice new outdoor furniture (thank you!) We loved seeing the welcoming doormen and the bartenders at the Rib Room. Too bad the Touche was closed for remodeling - guess we'll see the new renovations next visit. I loved the beverage service in the morning for Select Guests-that is SO nice. The only recommendations I have to share with hotel staff is that the shower head in room 448 needs to be fixed. We stayed in this same room in Sept. 06 and it was broken then too (it won't stay up when the water is on). Also the housekeeping staff is very noisy in the am. They are all very nice, but I guess they don't realize how loud their banging and voices are in the hallway in the am. There is a large gap under the door so we can hear everything they say and every bang very clearly. There is also a stain on the bedskirt (window side) that was there last September...it is needing attention. These issues did not ruin our experience at this hotel in anyway however, just made us puzzled. The OMNI has the best location-you will be so happy you chose this hotel because of its location in the quarter alone.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DOCA
<Content>Superb My husband and I just returned from a long weekend in NOLA. We stayed at the Omni Royal Orleans and were very satisfied. Our room was on the same floor as the pool, observation deck and fitness center, which we used daily. Hotel is close to all the places we love: Nola, the Cafe Beignet, Jackson Square, etc. So, let me sum it up: price was great, room was not huge but quite nice with a view of Royal Street, hotel itself was lovely, location TOPS, hotel staff were very friendly and accomodating, especially Marty, the Bell Captain, who always seemed to be right there wanting to be of service. We visit at least once a year and will definitely stay here again! Thanks everyone at the Omni Royal Orleans for your excellent service.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>willymcbride
<Content>Nice Hotel, Terrible experience Let me start by saying the hotel is very pretty, the rooms comfortable, and the hotel in an excellent location in the French Quarter.It is in the heart of the Quarter but far enough away from Bourbon St so as not to be disturbed by the noise late at night. However, despite not being disturbed by street noise my fiance and I were greatly disturbed last night by the two men having very loud relations in the room next door to us. The problem was that the rooms were adjoining and it sounded like they were right inside of our room with us. They didnt go to sleep the whole night and as a result neither did we. My problem with the hotel is as follows: Not all of the rooms in the hotel are adjoining. The hotel was not even close to be being fully booked. There was no reason to put us in an adjoining room and/or they could have informed us that we were being put in such a room and given us an option of a non-adjoining room. Now these things happen and I understand that but this morning when I approached the front desk and told them very nicely what transpired and offered a suggestion that they may want to inform guests at check in of the adjoining rooms and if other options are available offer them and they basically said sorry about that but you should have called us to have your room changed. Who wants to change rooms at 2am after spending a night enjoying the music, food, and drinks of NO. They made us feel like it was our fault and we were not happy about that to say the least. The only reason I said something in the first place was so that they were aware that this happens and offer them a suggestion on how to create better customer satisfaction. There was nothing in it for me. I was just trying to help them because it was ashame that our stay was ruined by this because it is truly a very nice hotel. The pool is very neat with its views of the city and again the rooms were comfortable (though I couldnt get any cold water in the shower. It was around 100 degrees out.), and the location perfect. So if going to this hotel try not to get a room that connects with another and room 758 is definitely one of those rooms.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>jennrn
<Content>Would probably stay here again! My husband and I stayed for a weekend at the Omni since we were meeting with friends in NO. We booked our room on the hotel's website and got a pretty good deal. We got just the standard queen room, no balcony, which was fine-the room was clean, pretty, and overlooked the courtyard. The bathroom was very small though-you could sit on the toilet and lean over and brush your teeth in the sink at the same time, if you wanted too-definately only one person can use at a time! Other than that, we had no issues at all! We went up to the rooftop bar and had drinks overlooking the Quarter. The pool looks nice, but we didn't use it. The location of the hotel is wonderful!!! Close enough to walk to Bourbon Street, but not close enough to hear all the noise-we walked all over the Quarter and had a great time. The hotel is also really close to Jackson Square.I don't know when we'll be coming back to NO-soon, I hope-but I'd stay at the Omni again!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>NewBrideNYC
<Content>Heaven! We spent on wedding night here, after flying in from our wedding in Texas and leaving the next morning for our honeymoon in the Caribbean.The staff was wonderful, the entire hotel was exquisite, our room was what we both had always dreamed of - an enchanting king-size room with a large balcony overlooking the French Quarter. We were surprised with champagne and chocolate covered strawberries in our room. It was the wedding night of our dreams.We are looking forward to spending our first anniversary there.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CruiseLineFans
<Content>Boo the Omni - Love the Service First of all let me preface that I got the room on Priceline for $82 so I really don't have too much room to complain. But if I would have paid regular price I would have critiqued the place much worse.One word comes to mind SMALL. My room was sooo SMALL. It was myself, my wife, and my 4 month old. There was no room to setup her pack-and-play so we had to make her a small mat to sleep on.The bathroom was maybe 20 sq. ft. with barely enough room to sit on the pot. It was terrible.The location of this hotel was great, the service was even better, and the cleanliness was superb.Also the Omni site said the parking was $28 when it was $33 and the Wireless internet wasn't free which it doesn't say it costs anything on the website.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>travelingtexan69
<Content>First Class accommodations We missed our flight and needed to stay an extra night in NO. We picked the Omni because it is in the middle of the quarter and close to our friends appartment. Everything was perfect, we got a good price, professional and plesant staff and above average room.I have always wanted to eat dinner at the Rib Room, we settled for breakfast instead.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>atpatt
<Content>Great stay! This is a beautiful hotel in a great area! We had a king room which was a decent size. They might be on the small side, but that is typical for New Orleans, especially in the Qtr. Overall, I thought the room was worth the price, which was under $200. It was very clean and welcoming. The staff was very friendly and helpful, which we are used to in New Orleans. One head's up for you...after hours room service starts at 10 and it is very limited, more limited than we expected anyway. We also called around 9:50 and were told we could get the full menu if we ordered before 10...called back in under 2 minutes and were told we could only order off the after hours menu. The bellhop wasn't set up outside so we had to go in for that and that took a few minutes, but that's not that big of a deal. We just thought it was unusual. Those issues would not keep me away b/c I think overall the hotel is a winner. This was our first time branching out beyond the Astor Crowne in a while, but we were pleased and will stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MelisaFla
<Content>GREAT location, clean rooms, would stay here again! GREAT experience at the Omni Royal! Location is the best. . across from the Supreme Ct building, in the heart of the French Quarter, about a block from Bourbon Street, 2 blocks from Jackson Square. Across the street is Napoleon House, and 1/2 a block away are the famous Brennan's and K-Paul's restaurants. Room was on the small side, but absolutely fine for 2 people. Linens and bathrooms were immaculate, and we had a fridge in the room. A great experience, would definitely stay here again!!!!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>monchy73
<Content>you will not regret your stay, worth it!! Let me first say that I am extremely particular about where I stay. The hotel room must be a certain way, the bathroom must be just right and the ambiance and decor of the hotel must be up to my standards. This hotel was wonderful! I had a room with two twin beds and it was perfect. It is not tiny like some of the reviews state. There was a small stain in the carpet by the desk, but not an issue! The bathroom can hold more than one person, and is nicely decorated with beautiful mirrors and granite counter tops. No mold in the bath tub either! We stayed on the 5th floor. There was no moldly, musky odors. This hotel is beautifully and elegantly decorated. The attached gourmet resaturant and bar is excellent. The pool on the roof is awesome. The view from the roof is breathtaking! Hotel is close to Bourbon, Decatur and Canal street. You can walk to everywhere. Emeril's restaurant NOLA is few steps away. Great food! It is also close to Harrahs casino and jackson square. It is in the center of the French Quarter. It is worth the 4 or 5 stars. It is worth it, trust me! Maybe any bad reviews that you read are from people who just can't be pleased or who are having a bad day. If you are a polite, positive person, you will enjoy your stay! Tip the door men and house keeping.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kbowden
<Content>Nice Stay We stayed at the Omni the weekend of June 16th to attend a wedding. We were greated immediately by a friendly door man who whisked away our bags. Although we arrived early (12pm) a room was ready for us immediately. The room and bathroom was very small but also very clean. It could have used a new comforter but other than that I was pleased. We overlooked the courtyard on the 4th floor and got to watch staff set up the wedding we were to attend that evening. The wedding ceremony was in the courtyard and the reception was in the adjoining ballroom. The staff at the reception was wonderful as was the food. I was a little worried about noise in the rooms but since we we had one on the inside it was relatively quiet. The only noise came from other guests checking out early the next morning. Our flight didn't leave until 7pm on Sunday night so the door man stored our bags all day with no problem. We found all the staff (including the conceirge who gave great directions) very warm and helpful. I would stay here again and recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>olema
<Content>Really enjoyed the Omni This was my first visit to New Orleans and we chose the Omni because of it's proximity to the events in the French Quarter as we were there to attend a wedding. I found it exceptionally quiet even though only a block from Bourbon Street and that made for a good night's sleep.The bed was comfortable and I slept really well. My view was disappointing though as I looked out upon a wall. However I was out most of the day so it was not too important. Being on the 4th floor I was surprised the windows would not open but I realize now it was because of the air conditioning which was always on. The room's decor was very pleasing and very clean. My trip to New Orleans was great and I can't wait to go back !  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Blue_Dogster
<Content>Just perfect My wife and I recently stayed at the Omni along with several friends and family members. We were in town for a convention but arrived a few days ahead of time to enjoy Memorial weekend in the city. In total we spent 9 nights at the Omni Royal. As everyone says, the location is just perfect. The rooms were clean, very comfortable, beautifully decorated, and quiet at night. We agree with most reviewers in viewing the staff as simply outstanding - warm, courteous, helpful, and efficient (Stan, you are the Man!) On one occasion we had a minor problem with the laundry service but this was rectified without fuss, and in addition complimentary drinks were sent up to the room as a token of apology. The test of a great hotel is what happens when things go wrong (as something inevitably will from time to time even in the best run establishments). The Omni passed this test with flying colours. We will be back to N'Awlins soon, and we will head straight for the Omni again. Based on our experience I would recommend this hotel without reservation.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>basilb
<Content>just fine I'm on the last night of a 4 day visit at the Royal O and I have no complaints. It's a beautiful old building with a friendly staff. I should emphasize that it's an OLD building, so the rooms are on the small side but the historic feel is very nice. Try to get a room with a balcony. The pool on the roof is fun but very warm just now; the fitness center is above average for a hotel. It has a gym-quality treadmill, elipical trainer, a bunch of free weights (dumbells only) and some weight machines that worked just fine.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Laugh-Till-It-Hurts
<Content>Great Location        Room  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>30yr-old.traveler
<Content>Jazz Fest at the Omni We stayed here based on a friends recommendation for Jazz Fest at the end of April and were very pleased. The hotel staff was pleasant and helpful. The city itself was absolutely packed and the hotel was fully booked. Despite the increased occupancy at the hotel we were treated as if we were the only ones staying there. The rooms are average size - not big at all, but not a closet like in NY. The pool area is really cool - its on the roof with a great view and goodbar area. The hotel is one block from burbon street but not too noisy. You actually cant hear anything outside the windows, but you could hear people in the hallway. The room and bathroom were clean and the bar/rib room area was a great place for a bloody mary on sat morning. This hotel is centrally located, clean, professional and courteous. I would recomend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>harvey13regent
<Content>Mardi Gras Fun!! We visited the Omni during Mardi Gras. Despite the associated mayhem we had a wonderful stay. The staff dealt with the challenges of a capacity hotel with ease and served us to very high standard. Our room was very comfortable albeit on the small side (as we expected). It would be a brave soul indeed to fault the location. Our only gripe during our 4 night stay (m-th)was that the rooftop bar was never open. weither this was pecuiliar to Mardi Gras we are not sure. Nevertheless we can highly reccomend The Omni.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>medsrme
<Content>Best Hotel Experience EVER!!!       Jacuzzi Suite  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chris_elle
<Content>I wouldn't stay again if they paid me. little background, I've been to New Orleans a few times Pre Katrina and have stayed in the French Quarter and Garden district before with no problems. This however was not one of those times.We arrived to meet with friends who were visiting from Austira(lucky for them they were booked at the Marriot New Orleans).After checking in we go to the elevators to find out that one was out of order. Ok, no big deal but then saw another one just stuck on the floor and no amount of pushing the button would make it move. Went back to the front desk to let them know and were told that they were aware and were working on the problem. So we continue to wait and wait and wait. The staff must have walked by us at least 20 times all with huge smiles on their faces as if totally obvlivious to us standing there nearing a half hour with our bags. It started to remind me of the Stepford Wives.Finally an elevator comes but by now there's quite a few people waiting to get in and some of them are elderly so we had to let them go first. We continue to wait again but this time realize, hey at least one elevator is working so it shouldn't take forever now.We were wrong. Elevator once again got stuck on a floor.At this point we'd had enough, went back to the desk (i was ready to explode)and are greeted by those psychotic smiles that I've dubbed the Stepford look. We were told to go get lunch and by the time we returned our bags would be in our room. So we leave and meet up with our friends for a nice lunch.Upon return our bags were indeed brought upstairs and at leastone elevator was working.Then we see room. What can I say other than I will forever equate quaint and cozy with closet like space and ugly furniture.Next morning we go downstairs to their restuarant. At least I think it was theirs since it was attached to the Hotel.Now, I'm from nyc and am really used to busy places but they're all organized in their maddness. This however was not.The breakfast was a buffet or you could order from a menu.We walk in and there's a girl (we still think she was the hostess?) but she just stares at us then turns and talks to one of the servers. We're confused at this point and my husband who really has the patience of a saint couldn't take it anymore, pulled me by the arm and just sat us down at an empty table.Guess what happens next - we wait and wait and wait.Finally someone walks right by and my husband screams Orange Juice please. She turnes smiles and continues on her merry way.We never did get the juice or the menu but get this, she comes back and says I won't charge you for the juice and then mumbled something about why we won't get served- that breakfast was over. All this was stated to us while she was rolling her eyes had a nasty tone to her voice and arms flaying all around. I didn't know if I should thank her for not charging us for the juice we never received or slap the stupidity right out of her.The only good thing about this hotel was the pool on the roof. That's it.I don't understand why this hotel comes so highly recommended. It's the bottom of the cesspool is you ask me.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>TandTSwitzerland
<Content>Claustrophobia in the Omni! Many guides rated the Omni high (5 stars, one of the best in N.O. etc.) - this is why I chose to stay there, but what a mistake! The only good thing is the location: in the centre of the french quarter, close to all restaurants and bars. The lobby was recently renovated and looked nice, but as soon as you are on the corridor of the rooms, there is an old ugly and filthy carpet that smells not good. The room I booked was so small, smaller than a normal walk-in closet, very dark and also with an old and filthy carpet with the odd smell. I could not stay in this tiny room as I would have claustrophobia, so I wanted to change the room - when I called the front desk they were unfriendly and said there are no rooms left. So I went to the front desk and asked for a manager and all of a sudden there were other, bigger rooms available... but I had to pay an additional 100 USD per night which resulted in over 300 USD per night - and this is way too much for such an old ugly hotel with old, ugly unrenovated rooms! The size of the upgraded room was OK (not big at all, but at least bearable), but it had also the ugly carpet. The aircondition did not work well (when I was cold I wanted to heat up, but it was impossible, so I switched off - but even switched off the A/C made a very loud noise and still cold air came out so I had to suffer....). And the room door does not take away any noise; I could hear every single person walking by in the corridor. and the shower: I had to let the water run for 10 minutes until warm water came out.....Service? not existing; when I asked for sugar for my coffee in the room I had to wait over 30 minutes, staff at the front desk was not very friendly....very often there was nobody around, neither the congierge nor someone else...so no service...I could not recommend this place to anybody who is looking for some basic comfort - as mentioned the only positive thing: location....I relly wonder why guides rat this hotel so high.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Annquilter
<Content>New Orleans French Quarter Fantasy!       View from Omni Royal Orleans Rooftop Pool  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CA Girl on the Go
<Content>Loved the Omni Royal! Stayed at the Omni February 2007. Very nice hotel and a 5 minute walk to Bourbon Street. Close enough to Bourbon St. to walk safely, but far enough that its nice and quiet when you want to rest. Got a nice discount as well from an entertainment book we had purchased previously that included hotel discounts. We'll definitely stay at the Omni Royal Orleans again!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Goldrusswoman
<Content>Great location, friendly staff, yucky bed I was at a convention in New Orleans. I loved the Omni hotel in Orlando, and was hoping for a similar experience, but I didn鈥檛 get it.PROS:Great location in the French Quarter. Friendly service throughout the hotel. I needed to get to the convention center for a 7 AM meeting, but the Rib Room didn鈥檛 open for breakfast until 6:30. The matre鈥檇 was so kind, he took me in at 6:15 and totally took care of me. Even brought the eggs on their way to the buffet to my table so I didn鈥檛 have to get up to go back to the buffet. The breakfast buffet was standard---but the croissants were disappointing and dry. I would recommend Fleur de Lis for breakfast up near the W hotel---it鈥檚 close by. It seems hard to find anyplace but hotels for breakfast before 8 AM.All my requirements for my room were met: two beds, non smoking, no adjoining door. I asked for a quiet room, and was on the 3rd floor. It was quiet, except that at 4 or 5 AM each morning someone with a cart full of what sounded liked glasses would walk down the hall.The rooftop pool, balcony, and workout room looked quite nice.CONS:The bathroom was very small (only one person could fit in it, unless someone was in the shower). Had some mold in the shower, the curtain had stains on it, and the toilet was an industrial one (flush with your foot). The floor on the rug had two huge stains on it---looked like they tried to get them out and that in doing so left bigger marks. The bed was OK in terms of comfort---not the heavenly bed like at other chains. The sheets were thin, had holes/rips, and stains. Pillows were flat and the comforter was old and pilly and had stains on the underside. Also, when I looked under the sheet, there was a mattress pad that was a complete wreck with hair, stains, and what looked like crumbs. I put a towel down and slept on that. There鈥檚 just no way to get around a yucky bed.I am part of their Select Guest program, so the night before I ordered my complimentary coffee to be delivered between 7 and 7:15. It arrived at exactly 7:30. :-(Think I'll try someplace else when I'm in NOLA again.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>chris1205
<Content>Not worth the money First, I'll start off by saying I understand that we stayed at the hotel at one of the craziest times of the year (Mardi Gras) so I will be fair in my review. The location is great and I have to say the front desk checked me in quickly but when we got up to our room I was very disappointed with the size. I have never stayed in such a small room before and barely had room for two people and two suit cases! When I called to make the reservation I asked if we could possibly get a room with a view and was told they could get me something, well they did and I had a beautiful view of a brick wall. The comforter on the bed was old and ripped and the cleaning people kept forgetting to leave us towels after they cleaned. Also be warned that they charge $30 a day for parking in the hotel lot. For $250 a night we were VERY disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	5	2	5	2	-1	

<Author>Jagfan
<Content>Can't Wait to Return My husband had to attend a seminar in New Orleans and, lucky for us, the meetings were held in the Omni, allowing us to book a room at discounted rates. I made our reservations directly with the hotel and the reservationist was very efficient and helpful. We were able to get a balcony room. The hotel itself is lovely. Check in was a breeze and I found the staff to be extremely accommodating and friendly. The room is not large, but it was nicely appointed and clean. Other reviewers have commented on the small size of the bathroom but we thought it was fine. The maid service was also exemplary; our requests were always accommodated. As mentioned in previous reviews, the location is excellent, easy walking distance of fantastic restaurants, Jackson Square, the casino, etc. We ate breakfast in the Rib Room the last morning and our server was fantastic. The buffet breakfast was good and, when my husband only ate some cereal, fruit and bacon, he was only charged for the cereal. Overall we had a fantastic stay and will definitely return to the Omni on our next trip to New Orleans. One final comment . . . we returned to Arnaud's which was our favorite meal the last time we were in New Orleans. While the food was still excellent, the service left a lot to be desired. They did, however, try to make amends by giving us our dessert and drinks on the house. I guess the effects of Katrina are still impacting their ability to find adequate staff. We would still give them another try. Our other dinner was at K Paul's which was fantastic, complete with a Dixie band that strolled through the restaurant and even to the kitchen. I love New Olreans and we will definitely return.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>snorkeledmolokini
<Content>Onmi Royal Orleans - great location! great hotel! One day, I'm going to stay at THAT hotel, I told myself on each of my earlier trips to New Orleans. The Onmi Royal Orleans had been on my wish list for a long time and I finally got to stay there last July (06). It was almost everything I had hoped for. The location is truly wonderful: 2 blocks from Jackson Square, and within a block or two of many of the best restaurants in the Quarter. The Napoleon House, across street, has the most wonderful Muffalettas, and you can have a nice lunch for pretty cheap. Brennan's, K Pal's, NOLA, and Antoine's are all within a block of this wonderful hotel. And when the torrential rains come, as they tend to do in New Orleans, it is nice to be so close to great food.The room was nice. It wasn't big, but it was clean and nicely appointed. The rooftop pool is lovely and the bar up there is a nice place to be as the sun sets. The staff was so, so helpful. The conceirge was there when I needed one, and he was very helpful in arranging a couple of tours. Breakfast was wonderful at the Rib Room downstairs and the wait staff was also very accommodating. I meant to eat lunch there at least once. It is the regular lunch place for judges and politcos (with the court house across the street). But I never ended up being at the hotel at lunch time. I did see the mayor, Ray Nagin, having breakfast there one morning. It was interesting watching some locals come up to kiss his ring (figuratively, of course).I hope I get to stay at the Omni Royal Orleans again. I would highly recommend it to those who go to New Orleans because they love the history and the culture.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chi-townTourist
<Content>The best location! My partner and I stayed at the Royal O for 3 nights and found it to be a wonderful experience on nearly every level. Firstly, the location cannot be beat- you are literally a short walk from everything you want in the French Quarter (we didn't get a car and walked to Harrahs, all the bars and dining without any problem). Secondly, the hotel is beautiful and full of incredible history (yes, the rooms are on the small side, but when you stay in a historic building it is to be expected) and the service was fantastic (the doormen remembered us each time we came and went, it really makes you feel special). Lastly, you can get a very reasonable price (although I would recommend joining their Select Guest club, which gives you prefered rates and complementary drinks in the AM). It was too chilly while we were there, but the rooftop pool stays open all year long. Downfall? The bar is only open until 10pm, so we hopped over to the Carousel Bar in the Monteleone.The people of NOLA are so wonderfully appreciative of visitors, and I would tell anyone to take a trip there (especially now when the weather is perfect). I think we'll both miss feeling so special on vacation when we go somewhere else!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NevadaGal
<Content>Loved the Omni...Odd Parking and Bell Services               More photos  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>SBpicky
<Content>Fantastic in the French Quarter Stayed at the Omni for 5 nights (2 rooms) over New Years. Reviews I had read were mixed but their price was the best for a 4 star. Forget all of those mediocre reviews, the hotel was incredible, the service from the doorman and bellman to the front desk, housekeeping, all were attentive and always available. The rooms were a good size with great views, great bathrooms, incredible showers, furnishings were beautiful. I am very, very picky and I have no complaints, this hotel is nearly a 5 star in my opinion, can't wait to go back and by the way try their bar Touche, what a great place.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IrshIz
<Content>Great Stay!! I had a wonderful stay at the Omni! The location is EXCELLENT, minutes away from everything in the Quarter, and the staff was AWESOME, so welcoming and helpful. My standard room was good size, but the bathroom was very small and awkward. This really didn't bother me, however, 'cause I was just happy to be back in NOLA and absolutely loved everything else about the hotel. It was gorgeously decorated for Christmas and very luxurious. It is big enough to have privacy, but small enough to have a friendly feel and get to know the staff. We ate in the Rib Room and the food was delicious. The little bar Touche around the corner is also a relaxing place to go for a drink or two at the end of the night and a great place to meet locals and hear Quarter tales. I would definetely recommend the Royal O to anyone planning to visit the city.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>in2xtc
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised We just visited NO this past weekend and was very satisfied with the Omni Royal Orleans. Unlike past reviews, there were numerous doormen to greet guests, take luggage, direct guests to elevators etc. Check-in was a breeze and we were assigned a King Bedded room with a courtyard view. Our room wasn't overly small and it boasted a massive jetted tub with nice showerhead all in one. I don't know what room type it was but it met all of our needs. All of the staff at the hotel were extremely friendly and, as with all the locals we ran into, were very thankful to have tourism back to NO. I have to admit that the tourist areas of the city including the French Quarter look even better than they did before. I am a travel agent and would not hesitate to send my clients to New Orleans for a leisure or business purposes.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>enofile1
<Content>Resting on its Laurels! Several years ago I had a drink on the roof of the Omni Royal Orleans Hotel and vowed to return as a guest. The opportunity arose during Thanksgiving week 2006, and I ernestly looked forward to my stay. As a member of the Omni hotel's club, I expected even better service than usual.The initial let down happened as soon as I arrived as there was no door man to greet me or to help with my luggage. The front desk informed me that the roof top pool, bar, and health club were closed for renovations, but I could work out at The Monteleone Hotel three blocks down the street. Thanks a lot! Couldn't I be informed of the health clubs closing before I arrived? I went to my room on the 6th floor and was somewhat taken a back. I had been upgraded, but this room was small, dark, dingy and the bedspread had a large hole in it. I was just about to switch hotels when I realized I would be late for a luncheon meeting. This would be a room I would have to endure. On the positive side, the towels were plentiful and thick. The shower had excellent pressure and I was located in the heart of the Quarter, but away from the tumult of Bourbon Street.I did work out at the Monteleone Hotel and was surprised at how nice it was. The doorman greeted me each morning with a big hello and the Carrousel Bar was fun. I checked out the rooms at the Monteleone, and they were much nicer than what I was forced to experience at the Omni Royal Orleans. The next time I am in New Orleans, the Hotel Monteleone will be my choice.New Orleans has not recovered from the devastation caused by Hurricaine Katrina and the ineptitude of the federal, state, and city agencies that let the people of this special city down. Travelers need to return to the Crescent City and spend some money to help the city get back on its feet. The Quarter and the Marigny are in fine shape, and the food and music still resonate with the soul and heart of N'Awlins.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>CS&EDP
<Content>Omni Royal is a beautiful hotel and great location I just returned from New Orleans and stayed at the Omni Royal Orleans over the Thanksgiving weekend. The location was excellent and within walking distance to everything in the French Quarter and Harrahs. The first thing I noticed when driving up to the Omni was that it looked freshly painted. The lobby was very impressive with Christmas decorations, and the staff throughout the hotel were very helpful and friendly. The valet parkers were extremely nice as was the bell hop. Kudos to great service at the Omni! I arrived around 1:00 p.m. on Thanksgiving, and my room was ready to check-in (view of Louisiana Supreme Court Bldg. on St. Louis St.). That was a big plus for me. I made my reservation through the hotel website and signed up for Omni Select Guest membership. I requested express check-in, king size bed, extra pillows, blankets, high floor room, quiet room, etc., not close to elevators, and I received everything I asked for. We had turndown service every night and received a USA Today newspaper every morning at our door. There is also complimentary morning beverages. I highly recommend signing up for Select Guest membership because, from the previous reviews, it seems to make a difference. Our room was very spacious, clean, and nicely decorated on the 6th floor. The only downside to this room was the bathroom that was a little on the small size. It was not a problem though. There was a marble vanity with a magnified mirror. The tile and bathtub were older but there was a new massage showerhead that worked beautifully with strong water pressure and always hot. The bedspread was probably a little older but seemed clean. The mattress was firm which my husband loved, and we had plenty of pillows. There was a digital thermostat in the room which made it very easy to adjust the temperature, and it cooled off or warmed up quickly after adjusting. It was very quiet on our floor until Friday night when the weekend crowd arrived for the Bayou Classic (Grambling v. SU). Even then, I did not hear anyone in the rooms next to us. The noise came from the hallway. I have visited New Orleans many times, and noise is inevitable at one time or another during the weekend. It would not prevent me from staying at the Omni Royal again. There is a rooftop pool, fitness room, observation deck, but it is closed until December 4 for renovation. The Hotel Monteleone's pool and fitness center is available if you show your hotel key. I was disappointed that we could not use these amenities and see the view. If you have always loved New Orleans, I would recommend returning. The French Quarter is up and running with the old icons like Cafe Du Monde, Cafe Maspero, Court of Two Sisters, Nolas, Brennans, Mothers--the list goes on and on. There were a few places not open, but it looks like it won't be long when everything will be back to normal. There are a lot of renovations going on which is great for New Orleans. Harrahs was in full swing. The Riverwalk had most of their restaurants and shops open. The French Market was about half open, but my favorite praline store was closed (very disappointed with that). The fortune tellers are there along with the artists as well as the horse and carriage rides. Bourbon Street was as busy as ever (some things never change). The St. Charles Streetcar is not running because they are replacing the wires. I do not know when it will be running. The city buses are running so that is always an option. Please visit New Orleans and the Omni Royal. You won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>njrunr3
<Content>There are better places in NO       9th Ward  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>RWHannaway
<Content>Don't delay, you've got to get to the Big Easy and the Omni Royal Orleans! I just returned from a perfect trip to New Orleans and a stay at the beautiful Omni Royal Hotel in the French Quarter. Our visit to the Crescent City was quite amazing and life in the Big Easy is getting back to normal (at least in the quarter). The Omni is located in probably the finest location in the Quarter, its walking distance to practically everything.The hotel itself is a stately old building with nicely appointed rooms and balcony's overlooking St. Louis Street. The lobby is very pretty and the roof top pool is awesome (the water was perfect) for a morning or afternoon swim. From top side you are afforded a great view of the mighty Mississippi and surrounding area. There is also a roof top bar near the pool, although we found the hours to be a little unpredictable it鈥檚 a great place to have a drink and take in the view.We found the Quarter to be in probably the best shape we've ever seen it. In fact if you took a cab ride from the airport directly to the downtown area and spent your stay in the French Quarter you would never know Hurricane Katrina set foot in the state. It's only when you take a tour down to the upper and lower 9th ward and surrounding coastline (which I recommend) will you find the devastation that has wreaked havoc on those who make New Orleans their home. With only about 50-55% of the residents back in town, we found out just how resilient and wonderful the people of this great city are. It was a huge departure from what you see in the media.Everyone and I mean literally everyone that we encountered during our trip was beyond kind and grateful for our visiting their city. We were constantly thanked, served and helped with enormous gratitude along with a beautiful accent and smile; at times it brought a tear to our eyes. We found everyone was there to WORK and rebuild their great city, the music was alive and well and the food was truly out of this world. If you want to take a fun trip, especially if you have never had the pleasure to visit NOLA, then put it on the calendar and GO. You will be very glad you did. A few musts are: For a casual dinner try Jacques-Imo Caf茅 (you will have to take a cab), it鈥檚 a local鈥檚 joint with food and service that is off the hook. House of Blues has the killer corn bread and ribs and Port of Call has the best burgers in the city (no contest). For a more upscale experience check out Stella (these chefs will blow you away and the atmosphere is perfect), NOLA, Antoine鈥檚 or K-Paul鈥檚 will all leave you saying it was the best meal you鈥檝e ever eaten. For breakfast or lunch you can鈥檛 beat Johnny鈥檚 Poor-boys. Bring an appetite, the portions are ridicules. For French coffee and beignets there is only one place, Caf茅 Du Monde.A few places to visit: Take a carriage ride along with a cemetery tour, the walking haunted ghost tours are well worth it too. Steven Spielberg鈥檚 D-Day/WWII museum will make you appreciate your freedom a LOT more and a trip on Riverboat will give you a better perspective on Mark Twain鈥檚 writings and how powerful a million cubic feet per second river (the Mississippi) really is. Don鈥檛 forget to check out the engine room on the boat, its way impressive. A stroll through the Royal Street galleries is guaranteed to bring a smile to your face and don鈥檛 forget to hit Bourbon Street and take in some wonderful music. Take a camera!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>NYC123456
<Content>Pros and Cons Pros: Great location, Friendly staff. Roof poolCons: Very small rooms - I'm used to small since I live in New York City, but this was small, Bathroom is small and only has a stand alone sink - no place to put toiletries, Beds are soft  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	5	-1	

<Author>lolomojo
<Content>Omni - Upscale hotel in NOLA w/ great location The location here is great 鈥?2 blocks from Bourbon St.  2-3 blocks to the River. The hotel itself is large and kept up (more so than other hotels in NOLA). The service was nothing to write home about 鈥?in fact, many times you had to repeat your request 3-4 times before someone understood or could figure out a response. The rooftop pool is average size but the patio area is nice  has a bar  towels (There is a view of the river as well). I didn鈥檛 eat at the restaurant but heard from many that it was good. Our room size was fine for 3 people 鈥?not cramped at all. Most hotels in NOLA charge extra for a third person we wanted to avoid that fee and yet had no problem milling about the hotel w/ three people. The bathroom is a little small but was nice looking w/ marble countertops and free toiletries. I would return here although on my next visit I might want to check out a more personal NOLA BB.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>diana333
<Content>Super location! Great Hotel! I just returned from staying at the Omni with my husband and we loved it. We had a balcony room overlooking the French Quarter, which was amazing. I lived in New Orleans 6 years ago, and I picked this hotel because of the location. You are only 2 blocks from Bourbon and Jackson Square (different directions), but feel like you are in a quiet area of the quarter at the hotel. I was not at all disrupted by noise even though we had a street view room. I did hear jazz music every night from around 7-9pm coming from the street, but that was a welcome sound. I did not hear our neighbors in the hotel either.I would recommend staying at this hotel to anyone visiting New Orleans. The pool was great and the view was wonderful from the rooftop terrace. The French Quarter is pretty much completely up and running now post-Katrina. The Uptown street car to visit the Garden District and Audubon Park is NOT running. You have to take either a city bus or taxi to venture uptown. We took a bus (pick it up at the street car stop location), and it was fine. I would stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>RDCollins
<Content>Great Hotel, Noisy Location I stayed at the Omni Royal for four nights in conjunction with a meeting of my professional organization from October 12 through October 16, 2006. It's a great hotel in every respect, save one: street noise. The rooms are very nice and very well maintained. The bed is comfortable, the furniture is high-class, the rug is clean, and the bath is impeccable. The public areas, including the meeting rooms, are also very nice. Equally important, the staff, though limited after Hurricane Katrina, is exceptional, although spread a little thin at times. My room was especially nice, overlooking one of the French Quarter streets from a large wrought-iron balcony. Fabulous! The hotel has a great location in the French Quarter. That's both its strength and its weakness: The Royal O is within a very short walk of several of the top New Orleans restaurants, but it is the Big Easy, meaning that the streets are filled with crazies and drunks until 4:00 a.m. and beyond, at least on weekends (it's not as bad during the week). They sing, yell , clap, whistle, and scream, cars honk and burn rubber, sirens wail, all night long. The reverie ends at 4:00 a.m., when the trash truck arrives and proceeds to load and crush garbage for 10 to 15 minutes. I can't imagine how anyone could sleep through that; I certainly couldn't. I therefore suggest that you forego the street view and ask for a quiet room facing the inner courtyard of the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jimjade3
<Content>Nice service and great rooftop pool area We usually look around for unusual BB lodging in New Orleans, but unsure of the general situation in New Orleans I decided to book one of the old standby places in the Quarter, the Royal Orleans (now Omni Royal Orleans). It was one of the first and maybe the last) construction projects in the middle of the Quarter, having been built in the mid 20th Century. It is a seven story building with a concierge, older doormen who have been there for years, front desk people who know the answer to every question, a garage if you need one, lobby decorated in chandelier-style, rooms on the small side with some great views of the quarter, and one of the greatest rooftops in town. The roof has a large pool, workout room with a pretty good variety of older equipment, tables, chairs, a bar (open sometimes), and an observation deck with more tables a floor up from the pool. The views and breezes are fantastic. About the only complaint was that there was an adjoining room with the doors locked and the sound transmitted from those staying there. If you stay here, you might ask for a room which does not have doors to any other room.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DC0715
<Content>Loved the Omni The Omni was great. We went there for our Honeymoon, and could not have asked for more. Located one block from Burbon the location is close enough to the action, but far enough away for peace and quiet. The room was nice, the staff was helpful. Food in the Rib Room was the best. Pool was perfect. Only two small complaints, the house keeping staff that one day knocked on our door every twenty minutes, and the fire alarm going off at 7:30 one morning but only on the top two floors. We plan on returning to the OMNI again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Mom2Rhett
<Content>Great Hotel! Just returned from the Omni for our 17th wedding anniversary (after reading all of these reviews)...and we just loved it! Beautiful, clean hotel, courteous staff, and great location! They even had a chilled bottle of champagne waiting for us in our room upon our return from dinner! We were able to walk to church at St. Louis Cathedral, and stroll the shops of Royal Street! Perfect stay! (Hubby thought parking rate was rip off; he felt that b/c we were guest at the hotel, parking should have been minimul if not free...oh well...) Oh yeah, I also felt perfectly safe in the city that the media is portraying as dangerous! Visit New Orleans...they need us!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lillyw
<Content>Wonderful staff Given the devastation in the city, the Omni has done an incredible job of retaining its old world service. The restaurant is quite good, if expensive. The rooms are indeed small but the hotel is from another era. It's a charming place, true old New Orleans, and the service and attention to guests is excellent. I had a complaint about bathroom cleanliness and within minutes a staff of four was there to remedy the situation. The front desk staff are very welcoming and efficient. And the location is indeed perfect. In a city where very little is functioning it is a wonderful oasis.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>j0hn100
<Content>Good location Stayed at the hotel - got a great rate $89 plus tax. Staff very attentive, and asked for a high level room non-smoking. Room was on the small side, but perfectly adequate and clean. The hotel is ideally situated round the corner from Bourbon Street, and close to the waterfront. There is a charge for parking of $28 plus tax, but I was aware of this before arriving. Never ate in the hotel, but it appears to us to be a 4 star rating, and anything we asked was dealt with speedily. I think most people were happy to see tourists arriving from the UK! Everyone very friendly.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>srqchic
<Content>Not Quite Royal We went to the Omni Royal Orleans last weekend. We arrived by car but they were busy and we ended up hoofing it up the stairs in the hot garage with our luggage. The room was shockingly small, and the bed was adorned with a thin, scummy bedspread. The bathroom was the size of a small pantry and had virtually no counter space. The bathtub boasted a gaping hole between the drain and the pipe, and more mildew than a girl could ever hope for. We got suited up and went to the pool but there were only around 10 chairs, which of course were all taken, so we had no where to sit and went back to the room. To top it all off, there were tons of hidden charges and taxes. The parking was $28 a day plus tax, internet- $6 for 15 minutes. I hate to be a whiner but I feel I must warn you... this hotel has Holiday Inn flair with a Ritz Carlton price tag.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent choice in the French Quarter If you are looking for a French Quarter hotel, this is an excellent location--basically centered in the part of the Quarter that is of interest to most tourists. Staff were helpful and friendly. Check in was especially good, our reservation requests were accommodated and our rooms were upgraded to a larger size than we booked, all without asking. Roof top pool is nice. This is a gracious older hotel, well maintained. It was always nice to return to this oasis of cool and quiet after venturing out in the French Quarter. We did not eat at the hotel restaurant, but room service was very good. Only negatives were minor maintenance issues (i.e. slight leak from one shower head). This is well above average for a hotel of this age and probably a miracle post-Katrina. We had some worries about visiting New Orleans again, but found the French Quarter up and running nicely. We felt safe and welcome everywhere. We would definitely return to New Orleans and stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mddla
<Content>Great Value, Great Service, Great Experience! Well appointed rooms, lovely common areas and attentive and friendly staff made my stay at the Omni Royal Orleans very pleasant.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>EHB
<Content>Great Quarter Hotel Very nice building in the heart of the French Quarter. Beautiful facade. Nice and invisable employees. The rooms are very small and decorated in an old fashioned way, but it's quiet, comfortable, and the beds are very nice. This is a great hotel for under $200 - anything above that though and you are getting ripped off.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Venue - Great People - Southern Hospitality is Alive and Well! Our company recently held our annual meeting at this lovely property. We wanted to begin the process of doing business throughout the Gulf Coast again. The guest rooms were well appointed (I had a room with a balcony!) We were one block away from Bourbon Street and right on Royal Street, everything within walking distance!The staff were attentive and genuinely responded like a team to all our requests. Some of their services were operating on limited hours, but they were kind enough to check in with us to be sure we were ok prior to room service shut down. The entrance way is a little tough if you've got heavy bags, I came in late in the evening and no bellhop was on staff - but managed fine. I think there is an ADA compliant entrance somewhere, I just didn't find it. In the end, each of the people we dealt with thanked us for bringing our business to their property. A win-win for everyone!  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cyndy3567
<Content>Wonderful We just returned from the Omni Royal Orleans and I can't say enough good about it. The entire experience, from booking our room to check out, was excellent. The hotel is beautiful and in a great location. The food in the Rib Room was wonderful. The staff was pleasant and went out of their way to please. Everything was first class the entire stay. I will never stay anywhere else in New Orleans but the Omni from now on.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THE HEART OF NEW ORLEANS!! We have stayed at the RO several times over the years and this time we were a bit apprehensive because of the hurricane. Like everyone else we really didn't know what to expect. Upon arrival any issues we thought we might encounter immediately vanished. We were greeted by a friendly doorman that I believe has been there for years. The front desk was freindly and efficient. Toni was truly a sweetheart. Next we had a very friendly bellman who gave us the informative schpele about the hotel and their ammeities. What we found out later amazed and saddened us. Most of these folks had lost EVERYTHING and still managed to smile and make us feel warmly at home. Don, the concierge was an amazing character as well. We had a lot of questions about the destruction, what had reopened and what had not and this guy seemed to know everything. We stumped him once and he called our room several minutes later with the answer. He also got us into two of our favorite restaurants that had told us they were booked. I heard him tell one of them that we were his Aunt and Uncle and to please do him this favor. Like I said...quite the character! All in all, this property is absolutely beautiful but it is in the hearts of its staff that bring it to life. If you want true Southern Hospitality this is the place for you!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amandatx
<Content>Omni--Great location, nice rooms, SMALL bathroom The Omni is a beautiful hotel. We attended a wedding reception there and everything was lovely. The lady checking us in was a bit rude, but no big deal. Check-out and the bellman were great. We stayed in a deluxe queen room on the fifth floor. The room was very nice, with all the amenities. The safe in the closet was broken. The bathroom was the smallest bathroom I have ever encountered in a hotel. There was virtually no counter space to put anything. The bathroom could have used a little maintenance work as well. Walls between rooms were pretty thin, but since this is an older hotel, I wasn't really surprised.All in all, if the price was right, I'd probably stay here again as the location was very good. Right in the heart of the French Quarter, but it was pretty quiet.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sglazier
<Content>Delightful and Convenient We spent 5 nights at this elegant hotel in the heart of the French Quarter. It was most convenient. The deluxe queen room was small but sufficient and efficient, and included all the luxuries one should expect. The concierge and bellmen were very helpful. New Orleans isn't all it used to be, but the hotel certainly left nothing to be desired.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LouisianaHerb
<Content>Great Stay Just checked out after a delightful two night stay at the Royal Orleans. Staff, amenities, rooms - just about everyone and everything was top notch.Great location, great hotel. Top to bottom a wonderful experience.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hobbiezm
<Content>Recomend this hotel!!!! I am a picky traveler and get irked at the simplest of things. But I had a wonderful experience at the Omni in NO.First- if you are looking for a high end hotel, then perhaps the Omni isn't for you. I got a room for $244 for one night and I know there are more grand expensive rooms than this. However, service from the front desk, location everything were brilliant.Second- I had my pet with me, and Omni did not charge me in bringing him at the hotel. There were a few pets as well I noticed, so if you hate and loathe dogs, than this hotel won't be for you.Third-I had just gotten married a few weeks back and had asked for them to upgrade me thinking it won't happen. They not only did a free upgrade, they moved me to the king suite for $244 upon request. When I went to check in, front desk greeted me with 'congrats on wedding'. Finally checking out they made sure we had our chocolates even though I didn't need them. All in all, a pleasant experience and I would not hestitate in going back.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You're in for a treat at The Omni Royal Orleans This is by far the best hotel in the French Quarter! Rooms are comfortable, staff is awesomely attentive, the food is fabulous including room service. I've stayed at over a dozen hotels in New Orleans and have found that the Omni Royal Orleans is by far the most comfortable  accommodating. The staff make you feel as a truely valuable guest - from the front desk to housekeeping to the very top - all make you feel as if you are the only guest in the hotel. Great location, richley appointed comfortable rooms, and great food  drink. You'll not want to leave at the end of your stay.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well, a shell of what it used to be... Ok, I lived in New Orleans until Katrina. ORO was a decadent, luxurious hotel. Returned to see friends in December and was a bit disappointed. I know that the city has been changed, but at the rates that they are charging, the Hotel is functioning at below normal standards.  The room appeared to be clean, but had a used glow stick in the closet. The mini-bar was empty and the fridge was turned off. The tv reception was fuzzy, and room service was not open at all. The valets were punks, and were driving cars like they stole them. The only time they acted normal was business hours, when the boss was there.  It's a shame, because incoming tourists may be let down. An upside was that the Hotel is still beautiful inside, and was decked out for the holidays. Oh, one more warning- if you go down, the streets of the Quarter are parked to the hilt-not a single open parking spot on the street!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>pvilletraveler
<Content>You Won't Go Wrong Location:From the moment we drove by the hotel we knew we had made the right choice in terms of the location of the Omni by the quarter. You literally walk outside the hotel and within a block you are at Brennan's or a couple more blocks on Bourbon Street. Furthermore the hotel positions you very close to river as well. An ideal place to explore the city. The Hotel Itself:We are a bit biased towards Omni Hotels, always having a good experience when we stay at one. With that said we felt that the New Orleans location exceeded our expectation. The lobby is exactly what you want in a historic New Orleans hotel, impressive marble and open spaces. The room itself we stayed in was charming and though smaller not at all uncomfortable. The bed and fabrics were wonderful, the furniture had a historic feeling, and the bathroom very clean. The overall room appearance was very cozy and warm. We stayed at the hotel following Christmas and it was still decorated, busy but not noisy at all. Do keep in mind if you are looking for a stale, ulta modern, run of the mill hotel look for that somewhere else in town.We would certainly stay at the Omni Royal again when we are passing through New Orleans  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Another Katrina Grateful tourist!! Julie Noto, and, her staff did an outstanding job during our harrowing experience. She provided us comfort, reassurance, and kept us extremely well informed.I was one of the last ones out. Julie, and, her father personally drove me to Lafayette, where, I was able to begin to peice together my journey home.Julie, I am eternally grateful to you!Murray AshmanVa, Beach, VA  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thanks to Julie Noto Omni Royal General Manager We were staying at Omni Royal during Hurricane Katrina ,Julie Noto and associates looked after us very well, as soon as they heard the Levee had burst she called a meeting to inform us , she told us to go to the parking area and would do her best to get everyone a lift out,she asked all those people with transport and space in their vehicle to take someone with them,every one obliged Julie and her associates stayed until everyone was accounted for, my husband and two other people went with Julie, our friend went with her Dad who also worked at the hotel,they took us to Laffeytte where we stayed in the Cajun Dome until our flight to Atlanta to continue our holiday,in our opinion this was beyond the call of duty and we will be eternelly grateful to her,as we may well have had to go to the Superdome.We arrived at Omni Royal the Friday before the Hurricane and would certainly recommend this Hotel the rib Room restaurant is ecxellant ,all the staff are very helpfu l, If we go back New Orleans we would definatlely stay there.Jaen Ken Ruth  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lizzy9
<Content>Thank you New Orleans! My husband and I visited New Orleans August 22 to 26th. The Omni Royal Orleans was fabulous. The service was terrific, we were upgraded to a King Suite, which I found spacious. The bathroom was huge, the beds sooo comfortable, you sunk right into the pillows. We had turndown service and the maid was cheerful and friendly. The rooftop pool was great, very refreshing during the afternoon heat. Leroy, the doorman, was just the greatest - always a warm smile and a friendly hello. I would highly recommend this hotel. Location was perfect. One block from Bourbon Street, NOLA's just down the street on Royal and of course Johnny's. Thank you to the previous reviewer who recommended Johnny's for breakfast. The food was good, inexpensive and quick. I would definately recommend Johnny's for breakfast.I can only hope and pray that New Orleans will return to the remarkable place it was two weeks ago. I will return in a heartbeat. I have fabulous pictures of my trip to New Orleans that I will treasure forever, especially in light of the disaster. My heartfelt prayers to those on the Gulf Coast, you have been through hell, but will rise again, stronger and better.Please know the world and all of us Canadians are thinking about all of you............  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SIMONSIMON
<Content>Very nice hotel Stayed one week at this hotel, which was wonderful. During the off season (summer), the price was worth it. Deserves all of the four stars.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>L A Garot
<Content>Very high class! My husband and I visited New Orleans the first part of August. It was our first trip alone in 10 years. My 4th trip to New Orleans  his first! This was my first time at the Omni Royal and it was fabulous. The room was small but very well appointed. Besides, how much time do you spend in your room? The rooftop pool was refreshing after a hot afternoon walking around. The view at night was wonderful also. The hotel restaurant, the Rib Room was also excellent. Also, on Royal Street, just down from the hotel is separate bar called Touche which is part of the hotel was a nice place to have a few drinks  chat with locals  tourists. The bartender, Juan, was very friendly.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>conniec6
<Content>Outstanding! I have to say that when reading/writing a review - it's a matter of perspective and what you are used to. We are from Chicago - and sometimes have high expectations of what things should be like - because where we're from is full of amenities, nice hotels, excellent restaurants, infinite things to do and plenty to see. Because I learned the hard way that this perspective can be very important when reading a review, I spent almost a month reading reviews and trying to make the right choice on the hotel for my husband's 40th birthday trip to New Orleans. After reading about the Royal Orleans, I actually called their corporate office to confirm details and share my concerns about this being a perfect trip. Every minute of research proved to be worth the time and effort.To start with - I got a phone call from the hotel the day before our arrival asking if there was anything they could do for us. Upon arrival we were given a room that met just about every one of our requests. Every person we dealt with was not just professional - but genuinely nice. We could not have asked for a better staff or sense of welcome. The hotel itself is beautiful. Having researched a bit, we knew that the rooms may be a bit smaller than we're used to - but they were clean and very well kept. Even the smallest issues (tv problem, extra towels, etc.)were dealt with immediately and professionally. The pool is perfect for afternoon breaks from the city - with a poolside bar that offers courteous bartenders and a comfortable seating area. From the hotel provided sunscreen and lemon water - to the comfortable lounge chairs with plenty of towels - it was wonderful. Drinks in the bar itself were top notch - and appetizers were outstanding, too. We did not get opportunity to eat in the Rib Room - but if the dinners are like the appetizers - you won't go wrong.Even if the hotel itself hadn't met our expectations - the location alone is enough to rate it highly. You are at the perfect center of everything - never needing a cab - and being able to walk anywhere from the Warehouse District to the Business District. The hotel is just a block or so off Bourbon Street - but so quiet you would never know it. It is just perfectly located for doing anything there is to do. The concierge was knowledgeable on anything we asked about.The Warehouse District offers great street music and party atmosphere (like what we thought Bourbon Street would be) - along with very nice bars and reasonably priced drinks. The Business District gives more of a Chicago Navy Pier/Shopping experience. Bourbon Street can't even be defined. People of every age drinking too much - having a great time - being whoever they want to be. Can't say it is innocent fun - but definitely fun. But, please - keep the kids away! The window decor alone is rated X.You won't go wrong with the Omni Royal Orleans - and if you venture want to explore - here's what we discovered . . . Johnny's for the best Po'Boy Sandwich and breakfast (1 block from Omni)3 for 1 drinks can be a good thing - but remember that $6 drink becomes $18 after happy hour!No shots are free no matter how much you think the shot girl likes you!Walk down to the Warehouse District to hear the street musicians and dance in the streets.Brennan's breakfast - Worth Every Penny!Mr. B's dinner - not worth much at all! (Trendy - get em in, get em out place).All in all - a truly enjoyable experience that was made even better by our stay at the Omni Royal Orleans!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expected More I traveled with a corporate group and booked the hotel as part of a Southwest Airlines vacation package. We were told we had double occupency rooms, but upon arrival we were greeted with VERY small rooms that had one, full-size bed. The room was smaller than rooms in most 2-star hotels I have stayed in. We notified the front desk and most were very accomodating to our needs and we were able to change rooms. There was one receptionist that WAS NOT NICE AT ALL, and we felt as if we were treated like we did not belong in a 4star hotel. Also, the first room we were in was missing several amenities that were present in the second room (the first room was missing bathrobe, coffee, umbrella, etc.)Overall, yes, I would stay there again, but I would make sure that the room has all of the amenities you are paying for  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel Being from this area you know that the French Quarter rooms are older and smaller, I found the Omni to have great rooms, amazing service, and was in a fabulous location. Being a travel agent I stay in rooms all the time to be able to recommend them and I would send many of my clients there. The pool was nice and it had a bar and food services, The Rib Room was fantastic, and a hint if you become a select guest you might get upgraded to a larger room.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>idontemail
<Content>Great location, very nice hotel Husband and I stayed at the Omni Royal Orleans from 7/22-7/25. I was very impressed with the hotel's appearance- very clean and upscale. All employees that we encountered were extremely friendly and helpful. The only issue I had was that some things seemed to fall through the cracks, such as.. we purchased the Ideal escape package, which includes a full breakfast each morning. At checkin, nothing was mentioned about this, and I forgot. Later in the day I remembered and went to the front desk to ask if I needed something to take with us to breakfast and we apparently needed a certificate for each morning, no big deal, she gave them to us immediately and apologized. Also, before I made my reservation, I applied for the select guest program and filled in my preferences, such as extra pillows, not near ice machine, etc. None of these things were done, and we did not receive the doorhang to choose beverages to be delivered to our room in the a.m., which is a huge perk of this program. Again, asked and received, except for still being located across the hall from the Ice machine, hotel was full. Also requested newspaper each morning and received it one out of the three mornings. Rooftop pool was very nice, but we did not use it as there are no chairs in the shade and I cannot begin to tell you how hot it was anywhere in the sun. We had the buffet breakfast each morning, which was excellent. Everything is in walking distance from this hotel. Great food all over. One meal I definitely have to mention is the grilled red fish at (where else) The Redfish Grill. I rarely order fish out, as it tends to be risky, but, oh my god was that great (also the flash fried oysters were incredible)! I also ordered some excellent blackened Catfish at the Old Nawlins Cookery, on Conti. This was a great little casual place on a Saturday night that had no wait (our original plans fell through and we had no reservations and it was 8:30, there was over an hour wait at all the big named restaurants, definitely need to make reservations). I was disappointed that K-Pauls kitchen is closed on Sundays. That was our last night and wanted to do something special. Also surprised at how many kids I saw on Bourbon Street Friday and Saturday night! I have two children and the decision to come to New Orleans was based on the fact that I would not feel guilty going there without my kids, since it is a place that kids do not belong. There were kids on the balconies on Bourbon street as girls were flashing all kinds of body parts, there are sex shops all over! There is much to do in New orleans with kids, but I would stay far far away from the Bourbon street area.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Omni Royal Crescent was Awesome I just got back from NOLA. I was thoroughly surprised with the hotel. The Omni was awesome. I highly recommend the attached Thai restaurant, Sweet Ginger. Their lunch menu is the same as their dinner but half the cost. If you are going to park your car and use valet service, expect a long wait. The parking attendant must run 2 blocks to fetch your car. The location of the hotel is two blocks north of Harrah's and two blocks west of Canal. Thus, I was happy with the walking.The swimming pool is 8 feet by 4 feet. Thus, it is not for exercise purpose but wading. The fitness room has a separate sauna for both sexes. Newspaper and apples are complimentary as you exercise. Gladly, there are no fitness attendants staring at you. There are 1 bicycle, 2 treadmill, and 2 climbing machines. There are no elliptical treadmills. The weight machines are one big machine with multi-use functions. The lobby, halls and rooms are highly decorated. It is a nice, spacious room with complimentary shampoo, conditioner, moistureizer, mouthwash, shower cap, coffee and 2 regular bar size luxury soap (not the travel one). They even have a bar with snacks and alcoholic beverages in the room (really expensive).I also was worried with the reviews that I have read. I will defenitely want to come back to this establishment.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>alleysrats
<Content>The Omni staff was excellent... rooms could stand improvement We stayed 06/23-06/27 in a King with a view. The view wasn't that great we could see the tops of the roofs of the buildings. The floor we were on seemed to be a party floor with noise going on at all hours of the night. Even though our room was a King it was very tiny and the bathroom I walked past it was almost nonexistant. Our bathroom tile was cracked and had enamel peeling from it but from what I've heard from others staying at similar hotels I guess we got pretty lucky. The rooftop pool was ok, not spectacular as it looked in pictures but we only spent one day up there since it was so crowded. What the Omni lacks in room size and upkeep it makes up for in its staff. Their staff went out of its way to make our stay enjoyable. If I could give seperate reviews I'd give the room three stars and the staff four and a half!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jeanhjerpe
<Content>Omni Royal Orleans is a good choice The royal Orleans has one of the best locations in the French Quarter. It is convenient to everything. The rooms are very well appointed, the staff is efficient and friendly, and the roof terrace and pool is very inviting. The terrace has a great view of the French Quarter and the river. My only complaint would be the size of the rooms. We had the queen size room and it was very small. the bath was also very tiny. they did a good job of decorating, but there was not much space. It is still a great hotel however, just ask for a larger room..perhaps a king.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Member_Too
<Content>Would do it all again Stayed here Father's Day weekend June 17-19. I was apprehensive after reading some of the reviews, but really wanted to go. First on the city: Great place, fun town, something always going on at any time of the day or night. The down sides are narrow streets in the Quarter congested with vehicles and people. One way streets run in strange directions (different from some other cities.) Don't drive around unless you have to. Should be able to walk most places. Parking for 25-30 $ a day standard. Occasional stench of beer and vomit (what do you expect?) Heat may get some, but we're used to it where we're from. Wouldn't recommend Bourbon Street for kids (Duh!) although we did see some. Sex shops, music and topless bars abound! Great food, nice atmosphere, and great music offset this, I think. One of those places you'll see everything from homeless to parties in semi-formalwear in the same place. Hotel: Checked into the hotel around 7 pm and found room to be in a smoking room on smoking floor. Not what we had booked. Room was on 4th floor, very small but nice, overlooked courtyard used for receptions. Had to call engineering to open safe. They promised a room change on second night since none were available at that point. Second night they moved our bags for us while we were out. Non-smoking room on 3rd floor larger (or appeared to be) and also nice. Overlooked city side and view of federal courthouse. Female desk receptionist lukewarm, but males dealt with were nice and helpful. We did have the 9 am knock, but leave the Do Not Disturb sign out and they should leave you alone. Breakfast buffet was good, staff attentive. Rooftop view observation/pool area very nice in the day or night. Overall, had a very good experience here despite some inconveniences. You need to visit this town at least once in your lifetime. The hotel is very nicely appointed. Great location in the Quarter to walk almost anywhere, yet be able to get away from the noise of Bourbon Street when desired. Loved the town and it's character, would love to come back. I would mind staying here again and wouldn't mind recommending it to others. I will add photos later if possible to do so.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Time In New Orleans First Time in New Orleans -- Loved my short stay. The Omni Royal Orleans was excellent - close to shopping, Bourbon Street, St. Louis Catheral, great restaurants and points of interest. Had breakfast and dinner in Rib Room restaurant and the food was delicious and the service was great. Waiters were very pleasant did not incounter any of the staff to be rude.Only thing the rooms are small and the bathrooms are even smaller. But who stays in their rooms when there is so much to see. Can't wait to go back to New Orleans.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Royal treatment Just got back from New Orleans and we had a great time! The Omni Royal is a great hotel. We were treated like royalty and the hotel was incredible. Our room overlooked the courtyard which was very nice. We even watched a wedding on Saturday night in the courtyard. The hotel is what you expect out of a highly rated hotel. Incredible staff, beautiful setting, and prime location. It is a very classy place and decorated each day with huge arragments of fresh flowers. Even the parking garage was nice, with carpet and plants and benches. You feel real safe here, compared to some parts of the French Quarter and you are withing walking distance of almost everything. I will stay here again and recommend you do as well. Also, we took the the Lincoln Town Car survice at the airport (only $7 more than a cab) and well worth it. If you want they will give you a great history lesson and point out all the great sites along the way. We took a cab at other times and fear for our lives. The cabs are old and the drivers we had were crazy. Our driver was doing 93 mph on the way to airport! Yikes!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expected more but still nice Upon arrival, receptionist was not very nice. She wasn't entirely rude but just had that i really don't want to be so who cares if you need to check-in attitude. The other receptionist (standing next to her) was much nicer to the guest he was helping. After completing the check-in process, I actually had to ask her if I was done because she didn't say anything. She just gave me my room keys and started doing something else. When my husband and I got to our room, (the guy who handled our bags was VERY nice however) the room was TINY! (I had spoken to a reservations rep before booking the room on-line and he told me that European room was the code word for small so I figured we must be in one of the european rooms. Which is ok, but I paid for a Deluxe room!Then we noticed there was an open drink on the side table with papers (New Orleans guide books). So my husband looked in the bathroom and saw that someone had poored some of the coke from the coke bottle in the sink.... so basically the room was dirty.So I went down to speak to the receptionist. At first they just called the maid to go into the room to do a touch-up but then the girl who initially was not very interested in her job actually told the other girl to give us another room (but that's probably because she knew she tried to cheat us by giving us the smaller room when we paid for the larger room).The new room was much bigger and much nicer (it was clean!). After this our stay was very pleasant.... except for the constant early-morning knocking of the mini-bar attendant. She kept asking if we took anything out of the mini-bar or drank any coffee.... I was like, please, leave us alone!Even with those problems, I would probably stay there again because it's a nice hotel. If it weren't for the problems I encountered, the stay would have been much better. Great location. Pretty good concierge service.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>D4T4
<Content>Absolute Bargain... Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights - got a really good deal $130 per night!We had a standard room on the 4th floor which was quiet, pleasant, not very big by USA standards but fine for a short break.On arrival the doorman (sorry - don't know is name) was absolutely wonderful! Throughout our stay he remembered our name and always had a smile for us - I think he should start up his own business training people in the service industry!!!! :)The pool bar area was really nice - the only complaint there was that it closed at dusk (about 7.30pm ish) and also during heavy rain, we found that quite disappointing.The location of the Omni was really good... round the corner from Bourbon, Royal, and Decatur.One final thing... we did eat at the Hotel Restaurant, the Rib Room - it was very bad - service  food was awful so - in my opinion - as long as you avoid that place you will really enjoy the Omni!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CarolineW
<Content>Really Great Location! My fiance and I just returned from the Omni Royal and really loved it! We usually stay at Ritz/Four Seasons and W Hotels though they were sold out so we booked the Omni. The reasons why we loved this hotel were: 1) Amazing Pool! We love a vacation to take time to hang out by the pool before or after sightseeing and this was heavenly. When it's 90 degrees outside - it's needed! 2) Great location - right across the street from 2 of our favorite restaurants we ate it - Nola's (emeril's newest) and K-Paul's - Paul Prudhomme's famous restaurant. Hotel location can't be beat - right in the heart of the French Quarter. If you are going to New Orleans, you are going to have alot of noise and that's just something one deals with in New Orleans. 3) Our room had a gorgeous balcony overlooking the french quarter. Yes, this hotel is not as new and trendy as the W or Ritz but for the value of what I paid and for the great pool and location, I really loved staying here. I took the advice of another TripAdvisor reviewer and used my Omni Upgrade Coupon which I forgot I had from registering for their Omni Select Guest program and got upgraded from a small tiny shoebox to a 1 br suite which was normally $750 night (I paid under $200/nt). This was an amazing deal - so get your Omni coupon b/c they WILL upgrade you if an upgraded room is available.  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cynderemy
<Content>Over-rated My husband and I stayed at the Omni for 3 nights. Let me begin by saying that we had begun our vacation in New Orleans 4 days prior to our arrival at the Omni. We were staying at the Ritz. We had planned our trip to stay at the Ritz for 4 nights and the Omni for 3 nights. After staying at the Ritz the move to the Omni was a huge downer. Yes, the Omni had a very nice staff, however, the hotel paled in comparison to the Ritz. At the Omni we had a balcony overlooking Royal St. Let's just say that at 6am when the garbage truck drove by every morning, we were awake. I read all these great things about the Omni which is why I booked the hotel. I just didn't think that the Omni lived up to its expectations. It was a nice hotel although it is very old. The toilet was the type you flush with your foot...no handle. The room was decorated nicely but the room and the bed were far below what we experienced at the Ritz. The pool and city view were nice but I wouldn't base my decision on staying at a hotel for these two amenities. And to top it all off, the Ritz cost us less than the Omni per night. Now, in all fairness, we didn't have a view from our room at the Ritz but we were never up at 6 am due to a garbage truck either. I'm sure the Omni is much better than a lot of hotels in the French Quarter. However, if you are planning a trip to New Orleans...stay at the RITZ. It will be well worth it.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow! Can it get any better? My husband and I arrived very late on Thursday, April 28th. We were promptly  graciously greeted by the Doorman, Marty, who carried our suitcases upstairs to the front desk, where we were quickly checked in by a most friendly and patient trainee (I apologize, I didn't catch her name). We went to our beautiful room and unpacked. We spent the next few days scuttling about the Quarter. We always were greeted by smiling faces, never were left with an unanswered question. The pool is lovely and the view from the observation deck is exquisite. Our stay was so enhanced by the perfect accomadations, I can't tell you how happy we were there! I can tell you we will positively stay there again!  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little tired, but still a nice stay I have stayed at the Omni Royal Orleans many times and found it to be a nice compromise between colorful (which in New Orleans can be a euphemism for shabby and out-of-date) and luxurious. On my last trip (April, 2005) I still loved it for all the nice things it offers: best pool and rooftop view of the quarter, excellent service and a wonderful staff (Marty at the door is a treasure, but not the only treasure here) but I feel that the rooms could use some sprucing up. I walked around my room barefoot all afternoon and my feet were black at the end of the day! Also the decor is looking a little tired in general. But given the fact that one doesn't stay in one's room much in New Orleans, it was still a very nice stay, although the bed was a little sprung. There is no better location in the Quarter: you are close to everything!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>missnmsy
<Content>Fabulous!! We just returned from my 18th. trip to New Orleans. We stayed at the Omni Royal Orleans and it was the best hotel I've ever stayed at in New Orleans --well in any place I've ever been all the world! The service is top notch from the bartenders, bell men,desk clerks, maids, etc..top to bottom it was the best hotel experience I've had in many years of traveling. When it rained hard one night they even came down the street to give us umbrellas. When we went out they'd look for us to be sure we were safe. There was nothing we could have asked for that someone would not have moved heaven and earth to bring to us.I'll definitely be staying at the Omni on my next trip to New Orleans in October.Bravo--job well done!!~  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SueZeeQueSanDiego
<Content>Great location Very authentic New Orleans hotel with a great location. I loved the decor and the Rib Room was great! The concierge was very helpful, and we found the staff in general to demonstrate southern hospitality. The rooms were very clean and nice, but they were tiny.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place, Roof view of the City! I have stayed at the Royal Orleans several times and I always check here first for reservations! The hotel is clean and quiet and NOT cookie cutter so there is a very real sense of personality to it. The rooms vary and they all allow you an access to the roof. This is a great place to enjoy the sun and swim. But as it is deep in the quarter, the roof and its bar are wonderful for its view. It is a great Kodak moment and can be very romantic after dark. Room service is first rate and the Rib room is not your usual hotel dining expeerience. I would and have gone again and again and......  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location and a nice, clean hotel My wife and I stayed 3 nights at the Omni and thought it was great. The rooms were very clean and the service was excellent. The room wasn't the largest, but no room in the French Quarter is. We also enjoyed the rooftop pool and bar. I think the best part was the location. It is only a block and a half from the hustle and bustle of Bourbon St. and only a few blocks from Jackson Square. (just far enough away to be a quiet spot on a busy weekend). If you're looking for a nice place to stay in the Quarter, and you don't mind paying a little more, this is your place  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Great location. Walls between the rooms are a little thin, but the service and location make up for this. Be sure to get a room with a balcony!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wonderlandprincess83
<Content>Awesome view!! I stayed at this hotel on a travel agent fam trip and I was so amazed! The view from the roof top was spectacular. You can see downtown New Orleans on one side, the French Quarter on the other and the Mississippi River directly in front of you. Breathtaking! The servicce was awesome. I reccommend signing up as an Omni Select Guest member. if you do, they deliver a newspaper and drinks to your room in the morning and mail you free upgrade and 50% off your next weekend stay coupons before your arrival date. Staff is very accommodating and it is in a great location. I definetly reccommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay at a luxury hotel!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hondotank
<Content>Omni Orleans is great! I'm sorry the previous writer had a mouse problem. However this is the Quarter with old old buildings and such things are hard to avoid. Nevertheless we had a wonderful stay. We had a 6th floor room that was quiet and cozy. The room had thick towels, a coffeemaker, a pay as you drink or eat fridge and if you become a select club member(go to Omni site online and sign up) you can request 2 types of drinks be delivered to your room at the time you specify at no cost plus your choice of the USA Today, Wall St Journal or the Times Picayune. The employees were all friendly and helpful; as I entered the front entrance after jogging the doorman offered me a bottled water. The best part was staying for $75 a night thanks to Priceline. We were able to check in at noon and got a 3pm late checkout. Tip to those driving... the Omni charges $28 a day to park but next door is a private covered parking that charges $15. Overall I cannot say enough good things about the Omni Orleans.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MrSnarkyPants
<Content>Nice hotel, great location Had an enjoyable Valentine's weekend at the Omni. It's close enough (about a block) to get your party on over on Bourbon Street but far enough away that you don't hear it at night and you feel safe walking over there after dark. It's also close to Jackson Square and the French Market.The room was well appointed, although the carpet had a big stain in front of the TV set. The room could use a little more polish for the price you're paying... but we'd stay there again.Front desk staff was extremely friendly and efficient, and the bell staff was exactly what you'd expect at this level of hotel - there if you need them, but not pushy if you didn't.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be Aware Just spent 3 nights at the Omni Royal. Chose it because we wanted to stay in the French Quarter and Fodor's recommended it. We had a deluxe room with balcony. Unfortunately the balcony's overlook the State courthouse. Not the best view. It is a great location, just 1 1/2 blocks from Bourbon Street and 3 blocks from Jackson Square. The hotel is generally clean and the service was great. We did have one problem that caused us to check out a night earlier than we expected. We had a visit from an adventurous mouse that crawled into our room, climbed onto a the desk and ate some pecans that we had brought to the room from the airport. We called the front desk and they asked if we wanted someone to visit the room. We declined, but advised that we would be checking out. We were comped for that day.We moved to the Marriott. We don't like mice and this is the first room we have ever stayed in where we had rodent visitors. We won't stay there again. We received no further communication from the Omni Royal.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AMULD3145
<Content>A Good Choice- With Reservations This was our second trip to the Royal Orleans and we had a great time. The hotel is in a terrific location and the staff members were very accomodating. I do wish, however, that the cocktail area outside of the bar were larger. I'm not sure, but it seems that they have added a conference room and reduced the size of the lounge and sitting area. That's too bad.My only real complaint is with the soundproofing in the rooms. It was noisy at times, although the hotel did attempt to remind visitors to be considerate of other guests. The visitors were fine but the soundproofing wasn't.Still, we got a great price and were able to walk everywhere. And the staff contributed to a nice stay. This is a fine choice for New Orleans.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Really Great Hotel We spent Christmas of 2004 in New Orleans and were really pleased with this hotel. We had heard from locals that it was a great place to stay. The location could not be better. The rooms were very attractive and well-maintained. Our room on the 6th floor was also very quiet, with really comfy beds. The bathrooms are on the small side but very nice, with a great shower. In-room safe is nice too. We had a superior room which was nicely sized. Our friend had a queen room which was pretty snug but for one person it was ideal. Only complaint was the housekeeping staff. They kept the room looking great but their endless morning chatter in the hallways was overly loud and unnecessary. Otherwise, this hotel doesn't disappoint!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Holiday Just returned from a 10 day stay at the Omni Royal Dec 22-Jan 1. I can't imagine a better vacation. The staff, Jamin (front Desk), Keith ( brought us coffee and juice in the morning) and Ryan, had to be the nicest and most professional people I've encountered in a hotel. From Geneva to Paris, London, Japan, Hawaii, New Zealand, Merida or San Francisco. They made our Christmas and New Year a very Merry Holiday. The staff really does make it a five star hotel! Kudos  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MSQueen
<Content>A wonderful stay! Just returned from our stay at the Omni (Dec. 26-27) and had a wonderful stay. The staff is very professional and helpful, particularly the bell captain/bellman. We had a superior king room on the seventh floor and it was a very nice size. I am a Select Guest, so we receivedcomplimentary juice/coffee(you select the night before), delivered to our door in the AM along with a US Today paper. As an added touch forChristmas, they also gave us a nice plate of pretty (and good) Christmas cookies.The lobby was decorated so beautifully for the holidays. And the location of the hotel is perfect....right on Royal, and an easy walk to Decatur and Bourbon, and Canal.We ate breakfast each morning at Johnny's Po' Boys, just a short walk from the hotel. Excellent omelets and biscuits at a reasonable price.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OUTSTANDING!!! 4 STARS!!! CAN'T WAIT TO RETURN!!! We stayed at the Omni Royal Orleans during the 2004 Thanksgiving weekend. We've stayed in New Orleans at least twice a year for 17 years and experienced many of the 4 and 5 star hotels. However, this was our first stay at this property and we were a little hesitant since we were loyal patrons of another French Quarter property. Upon arrival we were instantly impressed. Check in during this time usually takes 2 -3 hours. I don't think it took me 10 minutes total! I called the front desk before we arrived and spoke with Janice. When I arrived, she immediately remembered and went on to reassure me that she would do everything to make sure we would enjoy our stay at the Omni. When we reached our room, the bell man gave us a quick review of hotel and French Quarter highlights. Our beautiful room gave us a great French Quarter view. EVERYTHING was GREAT!!!! The food in the Rib Room was EXCELLENT and the staff was star quality. We decided 15 minutes after our arrival that we would only stay at the Omni when we return to New Orleans. The hotel is located perfectly in the French Quarter and valet parking was easier than any hotel we've stayed in. We plan on getting a room with a balcony next visit. There aren't enough words to describe how wonderful our stay was and how much we loved this hotel. All I can tell you is that once you stay there, you'll never stay anywhere else. Omni management, praise your staff!! OMNI ROYAL ORLEANS.....10 STARS OMNI!! KEEP IT UP!!!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ansar_Hassan
<Content>Wow!!! Welcome to the Royal Orleans We stayed at the Omni Royal Orleans between November 5, 2004 and November 11, 2004. The hotel is absolutely wonderful. The rooms, although small, are very nice with excellent decor. The hotel itself is grand and beautiful to walk through. The observation deck on the roof is fantastic with a really nice heated pool for those relaxing afternoons in the hot sun. The service was exceptional. Finally, the location is outstanding. It is right in the heart of the French Quarter, a hop, skip and a jump from Bourbon St, Jackson Square and ervything else that is worthwhile. Make sure to go to K-Paul's restaurant (Chef Paul Prudhoome's restaurant), Cafe du Monde (phenomenal beignets), and Aunt Sally's praline store. Also, take a tour of the city and the cemetaries as well as a tour of the swamps using not the Gray Line tours but Cajun Encounters (recommended by the hotel). All in all, New Orleans is well worth the visit and the Omni Royal Orleans is well worth the money ($239/night for a deluxe room). Enjoy!!!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Perfect! Our stay at the Omni Royal Orleans was delightful. The staff was very courteous and responsive to our needs. The room was clean, well-maintained and a nice size...especially for the French Quarter. And, the location could not have been better! Since we stayed during the Thanksgiving holiday, the hotel lobby was beautifully decorated for the holidays. Everything was perfect!!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>1 block from fun, great staff, nice room My sister was going to a conference...was booked at the Ambassador (read the reviews on that one...it's like Fear Factor!)I signed up for their select guest program and they sent out discount offers e-mail. But I think hotels would be about the same. At a low price...it's 4 star, in room coffee, safe, and iron, and turn down service every nite.It is right there. I mean there. But still quiet. And they have stand-up signs in the halls every night reminding people not to come in loud.Staff is superb. Doorman has a smile that makes your day...but that abounds in the Big Easy.Skip restaraunts on Bourbon St itself I would suggest. Maybe I'm spoiled. Want an oyster schuckin place with good vibes? Acme Oyster House located next to the snazzy Bourbon Street Grill. Wake up to breakfast at Petunias and get eggs perdue! Get there early! It develops a line. There is one place In regret missing for dinner. Forget the name but it is on St Louis st between Royal and Bourbon st and uses the same entrance as Gennifer Flowers piano bar she sings at nightly.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wendyreed
<Content>Absolutely outstanding! Wonderful service! Jan at check in deserves a raise! She was very polite! We are Omni Select guest members (free for registering). We received turn down service with chocolate mints on our pillows! A robe was placed neatly on the bed. Wake up calls were live people, not recordings and they also give a 15 minute follow up call! We had a room with a balcony and were constantly being serinaded by a gentleman singing How Great Thou Art, Amazing Grace and a few others. It was very relaxing. We even took a nap one afternoon listening to him sing with our balcony door open. The bathroom was rather small, but clean and nicely decorated. We are going to stay here again when we get married New Year's Eve this year!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melliefsu
<Content>Awesome, highly recommend Just got back from NO today and had a wonderful experience at the Omni Royal...we had a king room (which i would recommend, because the others looked pretty small) and it was beautiful! The hotel was gorgeous, in the best location and very accommodating....highly recommend!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shyyydoggg
<Content>Terrific Deluxe King With View of Cathedral! Am slowly making my way through the luxe hotels in New Orleans where I went to school long ago and used to look at some of these places with wonder, in hopes I could stay at them someday. Stayed at the Monteleone in August and was thoroughly impressed with my accomodations (especially for $99 convention rate per night). My stay at the Royal Orleans was equally terrific, and the pool area and bar are not to be beat. Must be the best and most romantic view in the Quarter! I read that the rooms were small, so asked politely at check-in whether it would be possible to upgrade to a larger room since I would be occupying it for 5 days and nights. Apparently, there are very small rooms, but I was in a Deluxe Queen already, which must not be so small. However, the lovely young lady at the front desk with a wink upgraded me to a King Deluxe for the same price ($235 convention rate; I think a room can be had for much less than this usually, but this convention is huge and makes accomodations very competitive). Very nice room, small closet, but huge bath with jacuzzi tub. A very surprising and welcome view of St. Louis Cathedral, and two huge windows, though one looked out on nothing. The window dressings are a bit much and make the room seem smaller, but are also decadent in their own New Orleans way. The location is the best, out the front door, and the Quarter is at your feet. Didn't try room service or the restaurant since Antoine's is literally down the street, as is NOLA. Give this place a try. Overall, not quite as nice as the Monteleone, but I loved it!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice place, great location I was in New Orleans for a conference recently and was pleased with my stay at the Omni Royal Orleans. Pros: The location is great! Quiet street, but still close to Bourbon and points along Canal St. Friendly concierge, staff. Room was very clean, no strange odors.Cons: Rooms are a bit small, although many rooms in the French Quarter are about the same size. The pillows were unusually uncomfortable. They were very lumpy and uneven.I would probably stay here again if I ever came to the Big Easy again. It's a pleasant hotel and the prices are reasonable for the FQ.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oscar12099
<Content>disappointed I had read that some of the rooms were very small, but I still wasn't expecting such a tiny little shoebox of a room. We hardly had room to move about. Everything was small, the sleeping area, the closet, the bathroom (no room to put toiletries).I was disappointed and don't think I would stay here again, although the location was very good.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WEARECANADIAN
<Content>Not so Royal Treatment!! We recently were in N.O. ...Oct 9-14th. We decided to stay at the Omni, based on platinum amex fine hotel program and trip advisor review. (Our previous stay was at the Windsor Court. The W.C. is a lovely hotel, albeit a bit stuffy, and not a great location). Here's my take. P.S My husband and I are very well travelled and expect a certain standard from a 4-star and a 5-star property. Pros:1. Location, location, and location...need I say more. The Omni is well-situated in the French Quarter. It is an easy, safe short-block from Bourbon and steps from lovely Rue Royal.2. Lovely pool on 7th floor with an amazing view of the River and the Vieux Carre.3. For the most part, great staff...concierge, doorman, bellman.4. Rooms are clean but small..oh well..more later.Cons:!. Upon check-in, our front staff clerk did not even make eye contact to let us know she had acknowledged us. Certainly, not a great first impression.2. There was no upgrade possible, which I understood, as there seemed to be a large wedding at the hotel. However, as an Omni Select Guest and Platinum Amex client, MS. P assigned us right above the early morning renovation of the Rib Room. Needless to say, after our one morning of Sleeping in (Sunday), we were woken up(Mon, Tues Weds)just after 7:00 AM by the air hammers. (Certainly not one should be expecting at $300.00 per night)3. Also, there was a new phone system installed in the property, rendering our room (#220) the new security station call centre. Well, if the air hammers didn't rouse us, the 3 or 4 phone calls each morning by 8:00 AM certainly did. On behalf of the management, there was some good and some bad. I phoned on Monday morning to the front desk to ask for a room change....she said she would phone me back or leave a message. 4:30 PM guess what???!!! No message. I phoned again...management would look into it. It was late when we returned and nothing happened. However, when we were woken up by numerous phone calls on Tues...my patience wore out...we were compted one night hotel stay and given the option of moving to a Petit Suite on a different floor. Finally, some one was listening.In conclusion, would I stay here again? If they upgrade their front staff to 4-star property grade, and were on top of their room assignments and call- return ..Only the MAYBE???!!!....until then, check out the Ritz Carlton or J.W. Marriott. Enjoy the BIG EASY :)  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great stay great stay @ the royal orleans. fantastic pool deck - do wish it would remain open past 10 p.m - free upgrade to balcony room with select guest card (free on omni web site). rib room is being renovated, but plenty of food nearby(obviously). walking distance to everything. great service from staff. definite return stay when back in new orleans.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ABOUT THE POOL... We just stayed there this past labor day and thought everything o.k except for the pool. Be aware they close the pool, bar,and the topside scenic view down at 10 pm. Hard to believe forNew Orleans.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>parny2
<Content>Lovely hotel, great location! Upon arrival at this hotel the first thing you notice is the friendliness of the bellboys, unfortunately we cannot say the same about the reception staff who seemed stuck up. The room was small but lovely decorated and clean. Breakfast was very good and the rooftop pool made this hotel stand out from the rest. Excellant location to Bourbon Street and all other attractions. If we went to New Orleans again we would certainly stay here.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SallyRay
<Content>Hard to Beat! We stayed at the Omni Royal Orleans several nights in August. For the past four summers, we have chosen the Omni, though we did stay one night this year in a small boutique hotel (couldn't compare!). Even though the hotel was undergoing a major renovation and the sound of air guns greeted us at check-in, the staff couldn't have been nice or more professional. The location is perfect, and the rooftop pool/bar is a great place to look over the city. The only thing we wish was that the rooms were larger; ours was a king/balcony, but even with the summer rates it seemed a bit high for its size (but, yes, I know you pay for location, location, location!). Still, having a balcony is great...the sounds of street musicians and people watching add to the ambience of New Orleans. We recommend the Omni to anyone who wants a four-star hotel with all the amenities in a great location.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed Mother's day at the Omni My wife and I stayed at the Omni for 5 days in May. The hotel is right in the middle of everything. We like to walk and had no problem getting around. The room was small but very quiet. The only negative item was we had a room in the front of the hotel which gave us a view of the back of the courthouse trash area. The staff was great. The Harrahs casino, Nola's (An Emeril restaurant) and K-Pauls was just around the corner. The river is a short walk and there are plenty of shops nearby.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best pool There are two reasons to stay here. The location and the pool. The location next to Rue Royale cannot be beat. It's a short walk to everything: the French Market, Bourbon Street, the Mississippi, the Casino, etc. The Omni is right in the middle of everything, yet the location is quite quiet. The pool on the roof (seven floors up) is fantastic with a view of the ships cruising up and down the Mississippi and a bar. Both of these amenities are worth the high price and the overdone Louis Quatorze ----------------- decor of the small rooms. Don't bother eating in the lobby restaurant. Overpriced and awful. Great restaurants are just steps away.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OUTSTANDING HOTEL AND STAFF I have stayed here for the past 4 times, that I have visted New Orleans. I really enjoy the small suites which have there own private jacuzzi. This is my number 1 pick in New Orleans of all the hotels where I have stayed.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FizzUk
<Content>Lovely at the Omni We stayed at the Omni for 3 days recently. It was lovely. Good clean rooms, nice bathroom, helpful and polite staff. It was expensive to eat/drink in the hotel and they were rennovating the ground floor. It had a smashing pool and roof top terrace. Would definitely use this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>25th anniversary delight at the Omni Royal! Wonderful hotel! Just back from New Orleans where we stayed at the Omni Royal. Excellent location in the French Quarter. Although the hotel was undergoing renovations in the lobby area, we were not disturbed in the least. On our arrival, we found a bottle of good champagne chilling on ice in our room. We had booked through Expedia but when we registered we discovered that we had been upgraded to a Superior room. We had heard about the very small rooms at this hotel but the Superior was not small and was very comfortable. The rooftop pool was fabulous on the extremely hot afternoons in August. The pool itself is small but is kept comfortably cool and there are lovely poolside loungers and a bar. The view from here is also spectacular. Overall this hotel exceeded all of our expectations with the great service, location and ambience.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location!!! I recently stayed at the Omni at the beginning of June for 2 nights. I used Hotwire and got a great deal on this hotel. I am really happy we stayed there. The location is perfect, just 2 blocks from Bourbon street as well as the French market and other popular attractions, but in a quiet area that was great for when we needed to escape the crowds. Royal street, home to many galleries, shops, and beautiful things is the side street on the hotel. The staff was friendly, but make sure you have some ones for tipping. It is an old hotel and we got a smallish room with one queen bed, but nicely remodeled in a way that everything seemed more spacious (mirrors!) and clean/ new. It was just me and my husband so the room was just right for the 2 of us. I have stayed before in N.O. in two of the large highrise convention hotels and I liked this one because I feel it matches more the unique character of the city of N.O. It has the feeling of being a small inn. Our room's view was of the charming interior courtyard. There is a rooftop pool and viewing area that you can survey the French Quarter from as well as the Mississippi River.A great place to stay and I would definately book here again.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>phoebesmommy
<Content>Could Not Have Wished for More! You never know for sure what you'll get with Hotwire, but we were only staying one night in New Orleans so we gave it a go. We lucked out big time! The hotel is gorgeous, very New Orleans but not too fussy and ornate, and the people who worked there were wonderful! Our room was on the top floor close to the pool, which was incredible. They even have pitchers of ice water, sunscreen and aloe gel for guests to use! The bathroom in our room was small but beautifully appointed and terrific water pressure. They had wireless internet service which worked without a hitch. The lobby and reception area is very welcoming without being imposing or inaccessible. Prime location. It was one of those experiences where you want to stay in the hotel the whole time instead of going out!   
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New Favorite Hotel in Nola Stayed at the Omni Royal Orleans over the Easter weekend and absolutely loved it! Our room (#667), King Superior, was perfect in size, had a view of the water, was very clean and comfortable and had the appropriate sound proofing. The pool area is gorgeous and quite intimate without appearing to be too small-very romantic rooftop at night. The location is wonderful (in the heart of everything without feeling like you're on top of the noise and dirt of Bourbon St). The staff was fabulous-very friendly and helpful (especially Leroy the doorman). Although the bar was fun, the Rib Room restaurant was very disappointing. The food was bland, the decor was terribly dated (and not in the good way) and I've seen better wine lists at the Outback Steakhouse chain. The room service breakfast was very acceptable. We will definitely be back to stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel!!!!!!! We have coming to NO for about 6 years now. We have stayed at some pretty bad hotels: Radisson, Bourbon Orleans, Holiday Inn French Quarter. This hotel is great. Location is prime. The rooms are clean. The staff is excelllent, always willing to help. We have finally found a hotel in New Orleans that we can always come back too.l The Touche bar on Royal(part of omni royal) is a lot of fun. Donna is the bartender and she is a trip. We paid $`98 per night during Easter weeken and also got upgraded to a superior king. Stay here you wont regret it.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChicoBKNY
<Content>Very, very disappointing Where to start? After confirming TWICE the type and location of room we wanted, and being told that it was being held specifically for us, my wife and I arrive to find that it is NOT available. The only room available to us was a smaller room over the garbage bins. Front desk service was incredibly slow, probably because one person was serving the line of 10 people waiting to check in while about five reception employees or managers were sitting in the back room having a break, all within full view of the visitors trying to check in. The room had a broken safe, three burned out bulbs in the overhead light, rust stains on the tub and very thin walls. At no point did anyone offer to give us a partial refund, buy us a meal or a drink or make any other effort to atone for the problems. The attitude was incredibly apathetic. We expected much better for the several hundred dollars per night we were paying!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big Easy Splendour My daughter and I spent six nights at the Omni Royal in October 2003. We travelled there from Manhattan and arrived at the hotel approx. 11.00pm. It was an oasis compared to the Big Apple hotel. Everyone was friendly - check in only took a few minutes and we were escorted to the room which had a balcony overlooking Royal. The bags were dumped, a quick freshen up and down to the bar for a couple of Bourbons.Next morning we had breakfast at the Hotel - marvellous service and food. Consequently we dined there most mornings. All staff so very friendly and laid back. Always willing to offer assistance.Room was superb and it was apparent that the Hotel had a policy of cleanliness and lets look after our guests.This was my fourth trip to New Orleans and on each earlier occasion, I stayed at different hotels. This time I chose the Omni and, believe me, I will stay there again. Have already recommended the Hotel to friends and relatives. My daughter wants to go back!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Doesn't get much better than this!!!! Wow. Must say this is on the top of my list of the very best hotels I've stayed at and we travel often. Our room size was perfect. Not overly large, but good enough for two. (Try to get a superior King) I'm not sure about other rooms. The bed was like heaven. High thread count sheets, lots of comfy pillows. The concierge, front desk, and expecially the bellman were so helpful and friendly. They turned down our bed every night and in addition to the mints on our pillow, left the weather report for the next day. They delvered Coffee or juice and water to our room every morning. Also when we checked in, there was a tin of homeade prailines on the desk. And the bathrooms!!! Pretty small, but did not matter! CLEAN gorgeous marble bathrooms with great water pressure in the shower. Would definitely reccommend!!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WOW!!!! Just got back from a wonderful trip to celebrate my lovely daughter's 21st birthday. We both truly loved the Omni Royal. The staff were exceptional, our room and balcony were the prettiest in all of New Orleans. We were close enough to walk everywhere yet still get a good late night rest in quiet. We will definitely be returning!!!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Greenlawnsue
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! We stayed at the Omni for 2 nights during the first weekend of Mardi Gras. I cannot rave enough about this hotel. I signed up for the Omni Select guest program online and received a few perks as a result. Our room was a King Superior with a view( I think that's how it's classified), which was a little on the small side, but everything else made up for the room size. The bed was comfortable the bathroom amenities were a nice touch and having turn down service was the icing on the cake. I had the turn down service with a chocolate on the pillow since I was a Select Guest member. We also had complementary coffee and juice sent up to the room each morning. Even if you are not a SG member, the staff is very accomodating. We were always greeted with a smile and hello. I had a problem with my bill, actually a charge that shouldn't have been on there, that was handled quickly and without any question. We will definitely stay at the Omni Royal Orleans again.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Omni Royal Orleans- feel like royalty The Omni Royal Orleans was a step back into a more gentile era. We hosted a Sunday Jazz Brunch there for the guests of our wedding and stayed there for our bridal suite.Everything was top notch. Every person seemed to know our names. We felt like absolute royalty.All of our guests have been raving about the service and loved every minute of the weekend.I would not hesitate to stay there again. The Royal Suite is absolute decadent luxury.The only advice that I have is that you should pay the extra couple bucks to get the luxury king rooms instead of the queens.... a lot more space and a lot better atmosphere for a few dollars.LB  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent We spent two nights at the Omni Royal Orleans and loved it! In my humble opinion, it is the best place to stay! The hotel is conviently located to all parts of the french qtr and not too far away from the business district. The service and employees were professional as well as friendly. On the second evening our room filled with cigarette smoke. In the middle of the night the front desk personell promptly moved my wife and I to a more non smoking section. The room size was adequate, the bed was comfotable, cable t.v. stations were good and overall ambience was great. It will be our choice when we go back. Enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is the Place! Truly a luxury hotel. There is no where else in New Orleans you should stay, this is the heart of the city! The Rib Room is a delight. The staff was super efficient and friendly. I'd come back again and again!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bendaire
<Content>Enjoyed it! after I got over irritated receptionist @ front desk Room was much smaller than shown on the website for a petite suite, the amenities were average. Front Desk receptionist rude. A mini refrigerator in room filled with beverages and snacks which had a lot of dust ont them. Very close to Bourbon Street( walking distance). Roof top pool nice. Bellman very nice and courteous. We were there during the Essence Festival July 03. Definately a party with a purpose!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worthy of royalty! We stayed here on Halloween night. This is a very nice hotel. The location is great - easy to get to Jacksonville Square, Riverwalk Mall, Canal Street  trolley, and Bourbon. The bellmen and front desk staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable with nice linens. Ours was rather small, but I do know that larger ones are available. The lobby was one of my favorite places. It was a great place to sit, enjoy the cool breeze, and watch people go by. There is a restaurant/bar onsite, but we did not use it. We also did not use the pool, so I cannot offer a comment on that. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Glad I picked the Omni! Spent alot of time researching NO Hotels and very happy I settled on the Omni. Queen room was small (which I new from comments) but very nicely appointed down to every detail with very comfortable bed. Rooftop pool/bar down the hall (7th floor, I think) was great and seemed an extension of the room with super views of the Quarter and river. Conceirge was good and made dinner recommendations/reservations for us every night. I had pre-picked some restaurants and felt like we received special service and tables with the reservations coming from the Omni (celebrating Anniversary during our stay). And LOCATION. Did I mention Location? Typical evening was dressing up for dinner, drink at the pool bar (watch out they close early), walk or cab to restaurant in the Quarter, back to the room after dinner for awhile, then off to Bourbon Street, etc. for music. Parked the car for 4 days (expensive, but it's French Quarter) - never needed it. Omni helped make this a great trip!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IxtapaLover
<Content>A differnt experience We stayed here from Wed. - Sat. during the Papa Noel period. The front desk staff was not friendly at all. The bellman acted as if he just started and when asked a question didn't seem to know the answer. Not a good 1st impression. We asked if we could be upgraded due to only a 20% occupancy and they said we would have to wait the next day. We went out that night and upon returning to our room noticed our key did not work. Went to the front desk and they said they had us a different room (that's why the key did not work). They gave us aking room with a balcony that over looked Royal street. It made our stay so much nicer. That's what we had expected and always had no problem getting with the other hotels we stayed in during Papa Noel. It takes being a little pushy BUT nice to these front staff workers. All in all had a great time. Room serve is VERY expensive!! (due to all the taxes and delivery charges!!)  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CarolP
<Content>Look for the Papa Noel rates in December Both before and after our Riverboat Cruise we stayed at the Omni Royal in the French Quarters( on Dec. 10 and 16th, 2003). What a great hotel and in a most convenient location! Best of all, after the 15th of December their Papa Noel rates kick in and we paid only $89.00 for a beautiful, spacious room with a rack-rate of $350.00  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous holiday at the Omni My daughter and I stayed at the Omni Royal December 25 through December 28. Initially we were in a queen size room (small, but lovely); however, because of a housekeeping glitch, we were upgraded to a king. Management and housekeeping did everything in their power to correct the problem and offered champagne/fruit and cheese tray along with their apologies. The entire staff was gracious and accommodating throughout our entire stay. Even though Omni is a chain, the Omni Royal had the feeling of a one-of-a-kind boutique hotel absolutely enchanting. The location is superb and within a short walk to Bourbon Street nightlife, Canal Street shopping and casino, Jackson Square, all the quaint boutiques throughout the French Quarter, and restaurants and cafes galore. We were two women traveling alone and never once felt unsafe in the hotel or while exploring the area by foot. Thank you Omni Royal and New Orleans for a delightful holiday getaway.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frisk
<Content>Great French Quarter Hotel We stayed at the Omni royal Orleans from November 16 thru 19. This hotel is excellent. the service is great and you can't find a better place to be central to everything in the French Quarter. We had a rate of $139 a night thru the Entertainment Card.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location! The Omni is in a great location. Close to everything in the French Quarter. Our room was a little small but had everything we needed. We were able to check in at 10:00 am on the day we arrrived. Did not have to wait until 4:00 to get in our room. Loved the observation deck and bar on the roof. Great place to have a drink and take in the view before going to dinner in the evenings. Beautiful hotel!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place! Thye Omni RO is very nice. My room was large and was very clean with nice amenities. We had an ok view of the action below. The lobby is beautiful, and the front desk staff is good. However, the bellman was very rude and cranky!! My real complaint is room service took like 40 minutes to arrive. The location-Excellent!!!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Meepit
<Content>Highest recommendation Prior to my trip to New Orleans I did extensive online research to find a hotel that met my particular requirements. Because of the excellent consumer reviews that I read here and elsewhere concerning the Omni Royal Orleans, I chose to stay there and was not disappointed. If you're interested in exploring the French Quarter the hotel is within walking distance of a majority of the most popular destinations. Every staff member with whom I had contact was helpful and courteous. The windows of my room looked out on the beautifully designed interior courtyard and one evening I watched from my window as a wedding took place there. The room was relatively small, but very comfortable and tastefully decorated. Of particular concern to me, as a 50-something female traveling by myself, was security and safety. The Omni provided both. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Royal Orleans Omni- Fabulous! What a great location, at the corner of Royal Street in the French Quarter, yet a quiet side street. You can walk to everything. It is a classical, elegant hotel, filled with antiques and paintings. My favorite aspect was the rooftop pool.with beautiful, panoramic views of New Orleans. I highly recommend this hotel.Catherine R.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Omni was great My husband and I went to New Orleans last March. We Pricelined for a hotel and got the Omni Royale. It was great. Right in the heart of the French Quarters. It is close to the Police Department and we never felt ill at ease. They helped us book plantation tours, and we could walk anywhere, and we did! The room was small, but very rich. The Rib Room is rated one of the best for BBQ in the city. It is close to Bourbon street so if one over does it, it is a short walk back. March is a little warm, so we will be going in January this year.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>stacey0303
<Content>Great Hotel Excellent hotel. Bellman and staff were very friendly. Nice rooms and the location is excellent. Close to all the great restaurants - Antoines, Brennans, Petunias - and Bourbon Street; nice walk to casino. Maid service was good. One drawback - don't check in early - rooms weren't ready  
<Date>Aug 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Off to a Bad Start but got better  Stayed here July 24, 2003. Hotel is lovely as you enter with bellman being very friendly. However, check-in wasn't at all friendly. Girl at front desk never spoke a word, just gave us a key.(we had prepaid). Room was tiny!!! We were given a queen SMOKING room that we couldn't breathe in. (We had requested non-smoking.) However, at 2 a.m., we called the front desk (and spoke to Mitchell--what a great guy!!) and he quickly moved us to king deluxe non-smoking room! Most of the staff seem to make a true effort to accommodate all problems. Pool bar is nice w/great views. Small pool though. No info in room for hotel restaurants/prices and other amenities. Rib Room has great food but rude staff and expensive prices. Overall great location but could improve amenities.   
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Doesn't give what it promises My wife and I found the Royal Omni on the internet, where we chose Bed and Breakfast, for six dollars more than the same room without breakfast, $129. Of course, we assumed that meant breakfast in the hotel. What they gave us was 6 coupons at the Cafe DuMonde, several blocks away. And the breakfast was begnets and coffee.If you wanted breakfast in your room, two eggs, bacon toast and coffee cost $15.50 each. And we still would have to pay the $6 per day for the begnets. Except we complained and they took it off.There is a cheap terry cloth robe in the closet, which the maids place on top of your luggage. Top me, that means you are supposed to take it. But I asked the front desk and found that the cheap robe costs $45.The room (queen deluxe) was very small, the bathroom had only room for one person to stand. Small plain tub, tiny lavatory.When we checked in, we were asked to initial a spot so they could charge us $100 if we checked out early.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

