<Author>nickswlon
<Content>Great Location Great location next to Raffles - best location to see NYE fireworks.Room on 55th floor obviously had great views. However, it was filthy when I checked in and I had to get housekeeping up as soon as I got into the room.Buffet breakfast was good but expensive unless you have a deal - I had mine though Singapore Airways Stopover, which is worth it.Have a drink at the top of the hotel - great views - and I think the Singapore Sling is stronger than at Raffles long bar!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	2	5	1	5	5	-1	

<Author>MissFreo
<Content>Great Hotel....great location! Just come back from staying at this hotel over Christmas! We had stayed here previously when it was called the Westin Stamford so knew what to expect overall. Check-in was prompt and the staff member attending to us was very welcoming! Actually all staff during our stay were very attentive and courteous. Room was big enough for 2 Adults and 2 children. Plenty of toiletries stocked in the bathroom. Only thing about the room that needs improving , maybe putting a child proof lock on the sliding door to the balcony, a little bit worrying with a four year old on the 32nd floor. Swimming Pool area has plenty of room and plenty of chairs with a separate kiddies pool. Plenty of choices right outside the hotel for food. Hotel joins on to Raffles City Shopping Complex. City Hall MRT station is next door to the hotel as well. Orchard Rd is 1- 3 MRT stops away depending on which part of Orchard Rd you want to shop at. You can actually walk to Orchard Rd, probably take 15-20 mins. Nearby shopping complexes Marina Square and Suntec City are accessible via the underground pass Citylink Mall so shops galore! Suntec City had plenty of sales while we were there, I absolutely love Carrefour! Wish they had one of those stores in Perth! Worst thing about my stay in Singapore was it was too short, 5 nights just went too quick!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>globeman235
<Content>Great views, central location! Stayed for 2 nights in April as part of a stopover from Australia to London.On arrival at the hotel (around 4pm), the check-in area was absolutely manic and we had to wait around 20 minutes, but staff apologised for the delay and were very friendly.Our room was on 27th floor and was relatively small but comfortable, clean and had everything that we needed. The added bonus with this hotel is that all rooms have a balcony which is great (if not rather scary when you're that far up!). The hotel is in a great location for sightseeing and almost next door to Raffles Hotel (you must go in for a Singapore Sling).You must try out cocktails at Equinox on 72nd floor of the hotel. We timed it just before sunset and the views were amazing. We treated ourselves to a massage (thanks Henry!) which was just what we needed after a hard day of sightseeing :-)We didn't eat at the hotel as there is such a choice of restaurants nearby.Overall, would thoroughly recommend this hotel, especially if you are flying Singapore Airlines as you get a great discount.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SteveInCA
<Content>Wonderful Place, Centrally Located My wife was in Singapore for two weeks on business, and I joined her for a long weekend in the middle of the trip. We picked the Swissotel due to its central location and due to its availability during our timeframe. We had a room on the 34th floor, overlooking the harbor. The view was wonderful. The room itself was nicely appointed; I wouldn't say it was sumptuous, but it was quite nice. The staff was quite friendly. They helped me out with tourist questions a few times. We ate at the breakfast buffet, which was wonderful. It was somewhat expensive, but the food was great, and the selection pretty impressive.The hotel sits right on top of a subway station, which made getting around a breeze. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>NorthlandKiwi
<Content>Super Stay We were originally booked to stay at the Meritus but found out (through Trip Advisor) that Orchard Road has lots of construction going on at the moment and the Meritus is undergoing some renovations. We did some research and ended up booking an internet deal on the Swissotel Stamford hotel website. It was definitely worthwhile to upgrade to the Executive room deal - included breakfast and cocktails. I'm not sure how often these deals are available but it was cheaper than through the travel agent or the Singapore Airlines partnership.We had a wonderful time in Singapore, made even more enjoyable by the service and facilities we enjoyed at the Stamford. The location is wonderful, right next to the City Hall MRT and shopping malls. We liked the views over Boat and Clarke Quays and could see out to where all the ships were waiting for their turn to load/unload. It's a quick ride up to Orchard Road or down to Chinatown. The Singapore Airlines HopOn/HopOff bus has a stop just over the road outside Raffles Hotel. For $6pp (with a Singapore Airlines boarding pass) you can spend the day getting familiar with a few landmarks, hopping on and off at various places on the circuit. Nice pool and restaurants although we only sampled the breakfast at the Cafe Swiss which was part of the internet deal and ate out at other places. Couldn't fault the service, the room was clean, spacious, comfortable and soundproof. We didn't hear any road noise or sirens that seem to be a feature of hotels in other cities.Stayed 6 nights, were sorry to leave and would definitely recommend the Executive room deal.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MarysLittleLamb
<Content>Slightly dated hotel - can do better Spent over 2 weeks there for work and therefore would have expected a decent room. Good size of room however furnishing and bathroom are showing their age. Had quite a few plumbing issues in the bathroom (leaking taps, TV speaker not working and blocked plughole). Location is good - near Suntec City Mall and the MRT however have stayed at better hotels in Singapore in roughly the same price range. Also do complain about your room - I had to stay an extra night and was booked into a much better room where everything seemed to be that much better.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mupple
<Content>Good views, OK Value Huge hotel with great views from upper floors. Great for shoppers with large mall as part of hotel building lower floors and connecting into several others. Good facilities, centrally located. Probably not the place for peope looking for a very personal service given its size, but the service is fine anyway.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>greymanu
<Content>Excellent, comfortable stay My husband and I stayed in the Swissotel Stamford for a two night stopover on our way from London to Sydney and were delighted with our choice.The hotel is right next to an MRT station on the same line as the airport so it is very convenient to reach by either taxi or public transport.All staff we enountered right throughout the hotel were polite, helpful and efficient. In fact, the housekeeping staff took it to a new level ensuring a dress I left hanging in the wardrobe on checkout was forwarded on to me in New Zealand.As noted in other reviews, all rooms have fantastic views with balconies, are comfortable, quiet and well appointed.We booked via Singapore Stopovers and received a 50% discount in the Swiss Cafe as part of the package. This made the breakfast quite reasonable for us. There was an extensive variety and the quality was as is to be expected at similar hotels. One of the highlights of our stay was Charles, a waiter in the Cafe who really couldn't do enough for us.We will most likely stay here again on our next trip home.As an aside, I absolutely recommend a visit to the Night Safari, it was fabulous. And if you are flying Singapore Airlines, look into the Singapore Stopover package as it offers not just a discount on hotels but all kinds of extras.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>alanyeo76
<Content>Great Hotel...       night view  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelbugP3
<Content>Great Location; Great Views We stayed at the Swissotel Stamford for 17 nights during December 07 and January 08, during the Christmas an New Year Period. We stayed on the 56th floor with harbour views, and you MUST book the harbour views. Yes, every room has a balcony which was very daunting at first, but we quickly got used to going out there! The views were stunning, especially during the New Year celebration fireworks display. The staff were friendly and rooms nicely decorated and clean. You simply cannot beat the location of this hotel. The hotel has direct access to the MRT, and you can walk blocks underground (even to Suntec city), which is very convenient in the rain!The hotel has 2 pools, one suitable for children, which you don't find in very many hotels in Singapore.We included breakfast with our booking and are so glad that we did. The buffet breakfast is the best we have had anywhere, the food was amazing, in fact the choices were unbelievable. We ate so much at breakfast there wasn't a need to have lunch!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>KhunRon
<Content>Very Nice! Check-in was fast and efficient. Requested and received a king-sized bed, which have seldom been available from my stays at other hotels in SE Asia. Room was not huge, but more than sufficient with a good-sized work desk. Had no problems with the high-priced FB outlets as I had done my research and knew Singapore was expensive. Two blocks away you can find many hawker stalls and cheaper restaurants. MRT station is less than 100 meters away. No problems with the snooty concierge, as I didn't need anyone to hold my hand, and no problems with lumpy body lotion. Will definately stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>chanmsf
<Content>Very nice hotel I stayed in the hotel for 2 days on 19 and 20 Nov. The location is great, connected to Raffles City, a big mall; next to MRT station, very convenient; room very clean and tidy. My room was on 54th floor. Fantastic view. You can select not to dine in the hotel, which is expensive, but to go to restaurant/food stalls in Raffles City. Breakfast is expensive, 40SS per person. Food is just so so. In general, a very good hotel to stay.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>flyfishermanSeattle
<Content>someplace else next time Chose this hotel for the location and proximity to business area and shops for the family. Have stayed at the Chicago and Beijing properties without any issues. Hence, did not hesitate to book family in here - what a mistake!Location was excellent. That was the best thingAs reported elsewhere we have encountered the arrogant snobbish concierge - additional training required ?F  B outlets - poor value for money, inattentive service - we had our first dinner in the swiss cafe and went elsewhere the rest of our stay.Rooms - musty smell, is occupancy this low ? surely notWorst of all - Bathroom liquids provided by the hotel - the body lotion seems to have deteriorated over time and separated into different layers with lumps inside. Disgusting ! Lost confidence in the other items immediately and had to make a late dash to the pharmacy and buy all the necessities. Hardly a 4 star experience.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	4	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>commando2828
<Content>Only one word describes the experience....perfect I visited singapore on 23rd of October 2008, with my wife, sister in law and my nephew, after much research on location and prices i selected the swissotel... the reviews i read very good but honestly my personal experience was much better than i had expected.Location: Perfect, the best area to stay in very posh, open air, less congested and just 5 mins by car to clarke quay and orchard street.It has the MRT (city hall) touching the hotel, the most convenient way of travel. ( for long distance . if u r 4 passengers then a cab is better for short distances only. cabs have surcharges in the morning and evening, for a couple as well MRT is much cheaper and convenient, again MRT is for people who have the time to walk a lot, buy a tkt, board the train, reach ur destination and again walk or take a bus, bt for long distances its amazing). It has 3 malls ( suntec + raffles + city mall ) attached with its lobby. The best shoping experience is singapore. You have a orchard street of course but, i still prefered these to orchard street. In orchard street paragon and takashimaya are the only ones i found worthwhile.Service: we got our room within 5 mins of checkin and the best possible on the 43rd floor with a balcony ( what an awesome view).Room service was very prompt and helpful. Reasonable rates too. The staff in general was very helpful, always smiling and made thier best efforts to make u feel comfortable.The pool was good, not extraordinary but has a good spa in the adjoining Fairmont hotel. Also when u dine in some specific restaurants within the adjoining malls u can sign the bill instead of paying cash. It will be charged to your room bill. Very convenient and feels good.Room: large spacious rooms, amazing beds and pillows ( semi soft beds and soft pillows ideal for a long hotel stay, my back was intact without any pain or discomfort. Good bathrooms and accessories. ( though the photograph on expedia was better than the room, i still give full marks to the room, it was very very spacious, infact the twin room actually had 2 double beds.)I guess all in all some travellers might find it a little expensive i guess the overall experience of stay+room+location +service was perfet not more not less. I loved the stay and enjoyed sungapore more than i would have in any other hotel.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KristinBok
<Content>The stay was fantastic I have just enjoyed a fantastic 1 night stay with Swissotel The Stamford, Singapore. The hotel stay was fantastic, i felt that is was as though my 2nd home, though it was only a night stay. The service was excellent. Personalised service and speedy check in. Most importantly i was assigned to a beautiful and clean room on the members. floor. I have been a couple of hotel in Singapore, but Swissotel was the best that i have stayed so far. The room dinning service was good, nice and warm food was serve in less then 10 mins after the call. Birthday cake was send in on time. Both, me and my boyfriend have never enjoyed such good hospitality before. We told ourselves, we will come back and stay at Swissotel the Stamford in time to come.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JustOnce
<Content>Disappointed with such a hotel reputation Swissotel the Stamford is a highly reputatable hotel in the world.The location and conveniences is no doubt about it.I was charged for S$300 per night and thinking because of its locality and reputation I sort of go for it and booked for 3 nights stay since I am having a conference nearby.What dismay me was for S$300 per night, breakfast was not included and I have to pay to use the internet. Even a basic thing like a comb was not provided for.The coffee and sugar bags was not replenished each day even though I have left the empty bags on the table. It was only replenished when I left a note on the table.As per other reviews I read here, I can get a better deal somewhere which is a lot cheaper and provide everything that I have just mentioned. For a 3 nights stays costing about S$1K, only for a room to sleep in during the nights, no breakfast, internet and not to mentioned having to pay for steam room within a hotel. The prices for the In-house meal is cut-throat. Overall, S$300 a night is not worth paying to stay. Will not recommend anyone to go there.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	3	3	3	1	

<Author>BIG_SOS
<Content>Nice Location - Nice Hotel Very nice hotel. Connected to a nice mall w/ easy access to MTR (subway) which can take you to any part of Singapore.Mall has grocery and any kind of food you can want.Very nice spa and pool connected to hotel.Used to be the tallest hotel in the world. Now not, but still high. Get a high floor facing the harbor for a nice view.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aussiesinspain
<Content>An eye in the sky This hotel is a favourite with our family and I am not allowed to book anywhere else for stopovers in Singapore. My 8-year-old son thinks it is the best hotel in the world. He particularly loves one of the regular door men, and had tears in his eyes as we departed on the airport bus after our most recent visit.Staying on the high floors of the hotel is really a highlight of any visit to Singapore as the views are great in all directions. The rooms are generally large and they often have 2 queen-sized beds.The decor is becoming a little old and worn, but there are some great features that I would not swap, such as the heavy sliding glass doors to the balconies that can be propped open to let the warm air and the sounds of Singapore in at night. The pool is a delightful place to spend a jet-lagged day or two.The hotel has so many rooms that you can usually get early check-in and late checkout, and cafe swiss is breakfast heaven.Prices seem to have risen a lot in the last few years but I think this is true of Singapore in general. Overall there is no better place to regroup for your European jaunt or get the blood flowing after a long flight towards home. Can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>liberoxyz
<Content>Good hotel with great leisure facilities. My employer has a contract with the Swissotel so I stay there each time I go to Singapore.If a good hotel gym is important to you then you will be impressed! Also the pool  spa facilities are luxurious. My company negotiates an inclusive rate for the gym/spa but I do believe these are charged additionally for normal rates.The hotel is very tall (around 80 floors) and all rooms have a balcony, not great if you suffer vertigo. Each room I have stayed in has been a little dated, not excessively but not as modern as most 4 or 5* hotels (flat screen TV etc). I do believe the hotel is already re-furbing many rooms though.I have never eaten in the hotel restaurants as the Swissotel is directly connected to a large shopping centre with numerous dining choices from fast food outlets, a food court as well as nicer restaurants.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>yotam
<Content>Shabby rip-off impersonal train station I have stayed one night at the Swissotel the Stamford. I left after one night because was very disasisfied awith the hotel and its value and moved elsehwere for the rest of my stay. They also gave me the impression that I will receive a good price given that I was a guest three times in the past, but I verified that the same (exhorbitant) price is given at the airport to anyone at the Tourist authority counter. I asked for a non-smoker room, but was given a smoker room. The room is shabby. The TV is old and on the small side. The furnishings are old. The hotel is huge and the lobby is like a busy train station. No personal touch. Room service not good. I asked for a laundry bad, and instead a service peronnel came to take laundry. The hotel is very very expensive for ordinary guests. They ask for about 230 USD (330SGD) for room without breakfast---but to fill up this huge hotwel they give large discounts to corporate or other privileged guests. Don't stay here for more than 160 USD which is the price I paid in the past, and which will still might be acceptable, given the shabby condition of room and impersonal service. This rate by the way, even the 230 USD rate, does not entitle use of swimming pool (which is not great anyway) and gym. So what's in this hotel anyway? The worst part is the impersonal train station feel. I moved to a three star hotel paying half the price, got a better room, with Plasma tv and the room service was immensely better and the room cleaner!!! Especially the three star hotel gave me a feeling of a home away from home. Nice staff. Personal touch. Real care that you are happy.The shower in my Swissotel was also not much good. The water pressure was not great and the hanled for shower are complicated.The service very distant and the hotel is not a homey place. Just an exhorbitantly priced lodging place.Checking in out can take quite some time as this is a huge hotel and they seem to be saving on staff as well as raising the prices a lot. The result of GREED! In conclusion, not a nice place to stay. Was better two years ago.Also the service and quality of drinks at the Asia Bar on the 71st floor has gone down a lot. Easy to find a better more affordable place, and if you want five stars there certainly are better pickings in Singapore!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>gperosti
<Content>International Hotel w/ Snobish Concierge This review should hopefully prompt the management of this hotel to pay better attention to their front end staff (concierge / reception / front desk personnel) if they truly believe in serving their international guests properly. We had reserved and paid for our rooms through expedia prior to making the trip down to Singapore and had specifically requested for two queen sized beds. When we arrived, we were given the run-around and was offered single beds instead (not sure if this is standard hotel procedure to barter down a deal). After about five to ten minutes of some polite back-and-forths with the lady concierge, she turned around to her male counterpart / concierge and told him in Malay language that we were insisting on getting the rooms w/ the queen beds that we had paid for. I may be an American but I do understand some Malay. The male concierge replied back in Malay saying that we should sleep on the floor instead, not knowing that I could understand every word he was saying. We held our peace since we were on vacation and really don't want to cause a scene but this is really unacceptable. Anyways, the lady conciege finally gave us the room that we have booked.That aside, the hotel is an above average hotel with good and convenient facilities. There are many stores / restaurants (formal and informal) downstairs of the lobby area and the MRT station is also situated below the hotel which is very convenient. The hotel is seemingly interconnected (via underground) to adjacent shopping and places, etc. which makes things convenient. Four stars for location / convenience but 1 star for snobish concierges. Rooms are clean and above average. However, the parking stinks. An international hotel without any parking spaces for guests is unacceptable.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	1	-1	3	

<Author>kiranMumbai
<Content>the best in singapore 5star hotels the best in singapore the tallest hotel with the biggest rooms and every room with a balcony .the location is too good to be true get down and mrt train station taxi stand shooping centre there is noway any hotel can beat its location room size and balcony also the staff is very good and sevice with a smile  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>andricAustralia
<Content>Luxury and views We arrived in style, transferred to the hotel by Mercedes from the airport. The check in process was equally efficient and to cap off our wonderful arrival we recieved a room upgrade. And what a room - spacious, luxury fixtures and fittings and a view to die for from the 66th floor. Rooms were serviced wonderfully and the chocolates each evening were a lovely treat.Only opportunity for improvement - add friendliness to the professional skills of the staff. While efficient, it would be nice for staff to make visitors feel like an individual rather than just a number.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>LonelySad
<Content>I love Swissotel The Stamfordl !!! FOREVER  I STAYED at this hotel for a night during the 2nd week of the June holidays. The REASON of me staying at this hotel is to take a BREAK from school  just ENJOY myself. I was VERY HAPPY  EXCITED the moment my parents booked this hotel for me !! As i stepped into the lobby on the day i was checking in I was very IMPRESSED with the whole place. The receptionist that was checking us in was a bit slow, maybe she is tired. Also the housekeepers that were cleaning the rooms were friendly but they didn't really understand english when i asked them for something !! But other than that everyone else was KIND  FRIENDLY !! The highest room in this hotel is on the 66th floor  the room that we were ASSIGNED to was on the 55th floor !! It was so MUCH higher than the HDB flat I'm staying at all my life (I live on the 8th floor) !!! Although my parents found the room not as CLASSY as the rooms at the neighboring hotel the Fairmont Singapore that we stayed during the December holidays last year. I FOUND the room VERY NICE  BIG!!! The room ALSO has a pen, pencil, 2 writing pads  alot of paper for guests to write. I'm also addicted in collecting these items as SOUVENIRS  for MEMORIES !!! The view when looking out of the window was SPECTACULAR especially at NIGHT !!! If i ever have the CHANCE to return to this hotel I MAY decide having lunch at one of their restaurants. I MAY also have dinner  enjoy the most SPECTACULAR view at the EQUINOX restaurant with is located on level 70th !!! WOW !!! Finally, I would like to thank all the staff working at this hotel for ALWAYS being SUPER KIND  FRIENDLY to everybody  especially ME !! I would also like to RECOMMEND anyone RICH or POOR to give this hotel a TRY. Once again, Thank you Swissotel The Stamford for making my stay a MEMORABLE one  may your business PROSPER !!!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>calekids
<Content>Fantastic       Big room even with 3 beds  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>JamesVki
<Content>Really liked this Hotel       Stamford View  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>natetjl
<Content>Singapore nice city average hotel We loved these 2 days in Singapore. Nice city, mix of tradition and modernity, entertainment, food, this should be a nice place to live in for a family. Maybe boring for singles:). But definitely more peacefull and healthier place thant Shanghai!We stayed at the Stamford, as we couldn't afford the Raffles, located nearby. Location is nice, walking distance. For the category the service at check in was very poor, not friendly. Room has a comfortable size. Bathroom and furnitures could be revamped, very basic. Mostly bathroom not at the level for the category. The vue was really wonderfull. Morning breakfast was correct. I probably won't recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>Helzibob
<Content>Fantastic Hotel I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights back in February and had a fantastic experience.We arrived after a 13 hour flight from the UK at about 7 in the morning, thinking we would be told we could not get into our room until that afternoon. However we were given the keys to our harbour view room on the 44th floor straight away. This had a balcony and amazing views of the city.The room was clean and modern (I think we got one of the renovated rooms). We had breakfast included which was really enjoyable and buffet service so you could have as little or as much as you wanted. The hotel is in a great location in Singapore with lots of shops, restaurants and bars within walking distance.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to my friends and family.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>oztraveller52
<Content>Good stay, great location We had a harbor view room on 63rd floor. Stunning views. Room was large, service good, well maintained. Good location with MRT close by.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gadlu
<Content>large room but noiisy Location is good (although you can get tired 鈥揳nd broke- of this tourist area and those restaurants after a while) with MRT close by. I had a regular room and its size was really above average (actually it was huge), which is great. But no decoration at all (looks a little bit Spartan). A good point however: you can open the windows (sounds weird to mention this but it's becoming a luxury now in many hotels). The pool is good looking but not outstanding and what bothered me is that smoking is not allowed even outside (poolside or restaurant terrace!!!). The staff is efficient as always in Singapore, and smiling and nice.The big downside of this hotel is the noise: every time a guest gets out of his/her room you'll hear a BANG. Just pray that you won't have a bunch of party guys around (it happened to me鈥?a nightmare until 3am).  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mullay
<Content>So So - Messed up the booking Was on a business trip with another colleague, but the hotel messed up our booking and gave us 1 bed for 2 men. My colleague ended sleeping on the couch (which was very nice of him)...not much apology was made and nothing else was done to make up for the mix-up. Would not stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>freeman18
<Content>Excellent location let down by tired feel Have previously stayed at this property on many occasions as it was the corporate choice in my previous employer (it used to be known as the Singapore Westin).I am opening a regional office in Singapore now and was looking forward to staying here again.Location is fantastic - probably the best in Singapore, In the heart of the CBD and easy access via MRT and Taxis. Even more so than before as many ne attractions are now in this area.Check-in was polite and efficient. FB outlets were very ordinary with minimal asian influence in the menus - too much of a european leaning for my personal taste. Room was huge disappointment - lacking a feeling of luxury and care in both layout and maintenance. Fittings seemed worn and tired. Was not keen on returning to my room after each day and ventured out as much as possible.Bathroom amenities - hotel's own brand - very average quality and packaging was faded giving impression that nobody wanted to use them before me.All in all was rather disappointed compared to my previous stays at this location.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	3	3	

<Author>edwiri
<Content>Great Hotel with Great Location We stayed for 4 nights in this hotel during our vacation trip to Singapore.Having traveled frequently to Singapore for 6-7 trips a year and being accustomed to so many bad experiences with hotel staff services in Singapore, I have to give this hotel an above average grade, 4/ 5 I would say.Pool facility was not great, though.We stayed in a smoking floor and found that the room really stank. Maybe it was because the room was exposed to so much smoke from past stays and the odor really stayed in the room.Other than that, we had a great stay in this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	2	3	4	3	

<Author>MistaJinxx
<Content>Yet another GREAT Swissotel stay - Highly recommended. Yet again, a pleasant and enjoyable stay at the Swissotel Stamford. We stayed in room 54 on level 54 - Harbourview room. Although not yet refurbished or renovated - still clean and comfortable. We also were treated to FREE daily breakfast at Cafe Swiss on level 2 daily. We declined breakfast at time of booking with our travel agent. Breakfast was always fresh, tasty and plentiful. All facets of staff/customer service were quick and friendly AT ALL TIMES. For any 1st timers to Singapore - I highly recommend this hotel if within budget - the location to shops (Raffles City/Marina Square/Suntec City/Funan) and the MRT (City Hall Interchange) alone makes it worth it. I did contact the hotel via email prior to arriving - requesting a king size bed - and my wish was granted.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Travelbug112
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I stayed at this hotel on our way to Australia, it was such a shame we only had one night there. The rooms were clean and to a high standard with amazing views even from the 15th floor. The hotels views from the bars/restaurants are worth the stay alone. The location of the hotel was excellent also, I will definitely be booking this hotel if I return to Singapore.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>HelgaMackay
<Content>"Fantastic hotel!!" From the moment we stepped out of our taxi we knew we had made the right choice to stay at this fantastic hotel. Check-in was very prompt and our room on the 36th floor overlooking the harbour was excellent and exactly what we have paid for. The view was magnificent, it was just a shame we didn't get to spend enough time relaxing and enjoying the view......too busy sightseeing and shopping. The staff were courteous and helpful at all times and went out of their way to make sure we had a very enjoyable stay. The breakfast in Cafe Swisse was magnificent, great variety and always fresh. The location of the Swissotel The Stamford is perfect, access to 4 shopping malls (via underground walkways) and the MRT, close to Raffles Hotel and a short walk to Boat Quay. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone considering a holiday or stopover in Singapore.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cacktusjack
<Content>Always a great stay at Swissotel The Stamford We stayed at Swissotel The Stamford for the first time in August 2006 for a 4-night-stopover from Bali and chose this excellent hotel with its stunning views again as a city-hotel for our Singapore vacation in April 2007 for 5 nights.We always had that beautiful harbor view rooms (2006: 52nd floor, 2007: 46th floor) which offer spectacular views and a small balcony.The size of the rooms is quite large and comfortable with all the 5* amenities.Our room on 46th floor was sometimes a little noisy at night maybe because of water pipes or the elevators.We also liked the tasty breakfast and the great location at Raffles City.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>LHC_10
<Content>Great location       View from our hotel balcony  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dougly
<Content>Well maintained, good location, lovely staff Great location- hotel is connected to malls with great shopping and wonderful restaurants. I have stayed at this hotel since it first opened as a Westin in the mid-80's. I'm surprised how well the hotel has been maintained and updated. The staff are very friendly and accomodating. The hotel has a great pool and fitness center.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ProfessorMommy
<Content>Nice hotel but had to fight for a room with a good view       view from the room after I finally got moved!  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>IncaWalnut
<Content>A mixed bag! Ok.......the plus points first - Great location, wonderful views, large balconies, generally attentive staff, decent sized rooms, good to average food.Negatives - My first room stank (I mean really stank!) I asked to upgrade (extra S$50 a night) and after a 40 minute wait I was taken to what was clearly a renovated floor. I think a traveller tip here, always ask when the room you are being allocated was last renovated! The pools which are shared with the next door Fairmont hotel are totally charmless. This is a big, busy hotel and you have to share the lobby with all the suitcases, airline crews, tour groups etc. Not my idea of fun and so I will not stay here again.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Sandstock
<Content>great hotel  We have just returned from a 7 night stay at the Swissotel The Stamford in Singapore. The Hotel is in a great location.Check in was very smooth  the room was what we requested.(harbour View room). The room was very clean  was attended to twice daily during our stay. We stayed on the 22nd floor, which had great views over the Marina, business areas  Suntec shopping centre.The staff in the Swiss breakfast room were very polite  helpful at all times . The buffet breakfast was great.Being owners of our own (Motel) we were delighted with the cleanliness of the whole Hotel.The Hotel is very large  we were a bit reluctant to book into such a large establishment as the staff generally don't give the high 7 personal level of service that you get from smaller boutique hotels, however this was not the case at The Stamford, the staff were magnificant.The room furniture as mentioned in other reviews is getting a bit tired and the hotel is not 5 star.The hotel is expensive, but then again so is Singapore.Would we recommend this hotel. yes..  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Javanese-princess
<Content>Ah the view from the 66th level We stayed at the Swissotel during a trade show for 4 days so the hotel was very busy and we landed ourselves an upgrade to a suite. The suite was amazing on the 66th floor - fantastic views across the harbour. The furnishings were beautiful and looked like it had recently been renovated. Housekeeping/room service was prompt and nothing was a problem - even changing all the pillows until my husband found the right one.Probably being in the suite helped, but every time I walked into the lobby there was staff asking if they could assist me and they always remembered by name!Breakfast was a good selection in the private dining room. The day spa was as to be expected.Overall a wonderful experience!  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dm713
<Content>Ask for a room on a renovated floor I've stayed at the Swissotel three times now, and it's due for some updating...which is apparently happening in stages. Rooms are fine, really spacious, but carpets are showing their age, decor needs some updating. I only know that they're renovating because they put two of my co-workers in rooms that were much newer looking than mine...you would think they'd have put me in the nicer room since I have a point of reference?Still can't believe they charge extra to use their gym facilities. That is unheard of in my travels. I was also bummed that they downgraded their bathroom amenities from L'Occitane to some very low end/Motel 6 grade shampoo/soap. And shampoo only, mind you, no conditioner! All in all, it's still a nice place, great location and service is good. Just be sure to ask for a room on a renovated floor when you check in, you'll be happy!  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Anee
<Content>A good location hotel Stay at this hotel only for the location. It is located on top of a shopping mall, as well as the MRT station. Please do not expect nice and luxurious bedrooms. Breakfast serves are below average due to the high occupancy rates i.e. the hotel has one of the largest number of rooms in Singapore.Again, only stay in this hotel for its location!  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>jaremfan
<Content>Nice hotel, could be better for the price The halls outside the room on the 16th floor smelled funny - like someone threw up one night and they were never really able to remove the smell.The rooms too had a funny smell - it went away after the airconditioning was on, but it wasn't pleasant.The rooms are clean. The service is good - I think sometimes too good. They have staff at every corner almost too eager to ask you if you need help.The food is not bad - I was here for an event, so all I had was catered from the hotel.The bathroom shower leaked water to the floor, because the bath didn't have proper drainage. The water seemed to travel around the bath sidewalls and onto the floor, and that made the floor wet. Room service cleaned it up by the time I got back though.The Equinox restaurant on the 67th floor has a breathtaking view of the city. Simply excellent.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>loriperth
<Content>Getting what you request My husband and myself are frequent travellers to Singapore and most times stay at the Stamford - mostly because of its location. We have been there around 5 or 6 times so far and apart from the first time, have found every subsequent visit quite disappointing to start with.We always request a non-smoking room with 1 king or queen bed, on a high floor and usually pay for a harbour view room. However, on almost all of our stays, we get told that either there are no non-smoking rooms left or no rooms with 1 bed. This is despite reservations being made months in advance. On a couple of occasions the rooms have been extremely 'tired' with old and stained furniture. After complaining, we usually get moved to another room - however, this is not the best way to start your holiday. When hotels take your booking and requests they should make sure they allocate you the appropriate room that you pay for when you arrive. Having said that, we do like the large rooms of the Stamford, the location, balconies and the breakfast that is usually included! Yes we would stay there again - but we always check in with bated breath hoping that we get the proper room and amenities that we book and not have to move around from room to room.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>aandjSydney
<Content>Convenience with a view The Swissotel Stamford was a great choice for our 4 day shopping trip to Singapore. It is connected to Raffles City and connected by underground to Marina Square and Suntec shopping centres. The MRT station is under the hotel and allowed us easy access to other parts of Singapore. Our room on the 37th floor had fantastic views over the harbour. The rooms are large, although the furniture is a little dated. The pool is shared with the neighbouring Fairmont and can get very busy at times. The reception staff were helpful and checking in and out was swift. I would recommend this hotel if you are after a clean, comfortable hotel in a convenient location. It is not 5 star, but a good choice if you are after a 4 star property.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>MelbourneNikki
<Content>Dissapointed We have stayed here at least on six other occassions. It is a very busy hotel with lots of business travellers.They try very hard to be efficient with their guests but it doesnt always work.On these last two stays we have been allocated terribly rooms. The first one Room 2765 had no view at all and was on the corner of the hotel making it a strange shaped room. The TV was so close to the bed making it hard to watch.On check out I complained about the room and asked them to make sure when we came back a week later that we would get a better room.On check in I asked again for a better room. There was no room available with a king size bed and that was non smoking. Both of these things I had specifically requested. We ended up in a smoking room Room 4865. Again a corner room with strange configuration. This room smelt of cigarettes and I had a sore throat in the morning.This hotel has no personal service and takes no notice of return guests.The only reason we stay here is for the fantastic location with the huge shopping centre underneath. For my shopping needs you cant go past the location.I was so dissapointed on this stay however we may need to find a new hotel to frequent.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	5	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>H4rlap
<Content>Tall tales I have been to Singapore before in 1998 and had visited this hotel when it was the Westin. Sadly the bar in the 70th floor Equinox complex, which was great in '98, is now very tired and looked dated. Staff not that good and drinks took an age even though it was early evening. That's my only negative, all else very good/excellent and as the many photos show great views and great position. Good check in system and I liked the offer of an upgrade, which we declined as rooms already good. Great size and views towards the Merlion. Bathroom was very clean and in good condition. Beds very comfortable. Overall I score the room excellent, mainly because the room rate was very fair for the 40th floor. Christmas trees were spread around the hotel, some real too, and gave a great feel. Pool side was relaxing with towels laid out on the loungers.We were here for Christmas Day (3 night stay) so had room service bring up breakfast which was on time, fresh and started off our shopping day along Orchard Road (yes all shops open with plenty to see and do). Odd to hear jack hammers in the streets at work though.I fully recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ArvinLee
<Content>Very Accomodating Receptionist, Not so easy to extend the stay. When i booked the hotel thru a travel agent, i have requested for a king sized bed, non smoking room, and i called them again myself making sure that i need a non smoking room. (health reasons). however when i checked in around 3pm, the room wasnt ready yet. after much talks, she helped me to get upgraded to a corner room, non smoking king size bed. appreciate the effort she made.however, when i had to extend my stay (thru a travel again, which has been confirmed with proof) they couldn't find it in their system. it was a hassle, since i had to reschedule some of the meetings. finally after lots lots of talk to many different people they managed to find my reservation in their system. other than that, location is perfect , room is big, standard swissotel amenities.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>macjellicoe
<Content>Impressive We booked this hotel, as part of the Singapore Airlines Stopover programme, and it was excellent value for the room. We also received a voucher which gave a discount of 50% off food in the hotel restaurants. The only factor I would criticise about the SIA stopover was the Hop On bus 鈥?yes it is free, but it was overcrowded, uncomfortably hot, and the driver would switch off the engine if he stopped for any time, and the air con such as it was, disappeared, leaving all aboard sweltering. In addition you could not see very much or appreciate the city sights from that vehicle, and it took ages to get you anywhere. The next day we realised that the 鈥楳RT鈥?system had a station below the hotel. The entrance to 鈥楥ity鈥?station is just beside 鈥楽tarbucks鈥? A day ticket is excellent value. Using the 鈥楾ube鈥?you can select the area of the city you wish to explore, travel speedily in an air-conditioned carriage, see the particular sights, and move on. Better and more efficient by far.One trip I would highly recommend is the morning trip to the Zoo, with Breakfast included. It is a reasonable meal, but the highlight is when the Orang-utans come with their Keepers and join you. Of course there are good photo opportunities and at times you are literally only an arms length away from them. The trip can be booked from the SH Tours desk which is located just behind Reception in the hotel. A well organised trip which is great value and a memorable experience. The coach leaves the hotel at 8.00 am and has you back by 12.30. The Swissotel is an excellent hotel, good facilities, friendly and helpful staff, nice breakfast, lunch and dinners available at good rates in the Swiss Caf茅 on the 1st floor.Super views over the city from the rooms, we were on the 48th floor. Lifts worked very quickly and efficiently.The hotel block contains a multitude of shops on the 1st, 2nd and 3rd floors and below ground level there are a vast number of eateries, and a supermarket.We also found a medical practice on the 2nd floor, Drs Singh  Ptns which we had occasion to use, as my wife had a severe reaction to an insect bite. She was seen and treated without delay, given appropriate medication and a very reasonable fee was charged. We were well impressed with the Swissotel, and would definitely give the brand our custom again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GlobeRoamer
<Content>A Big n Bustling great hotel I had a great corner room on a high floor with a huge and excellent view. The spa area is very well run and well priced .. even a barbers/hairderessers which is handy for business travellers. Time between meetings can also be spent buy the outdoor pool. access to the pool and fitness areas is free. The basement level is a buzzing shoppinng area with ATMs, fast food outlets - the quick Thai place was great and good value. There is even a supermarket. Staff were friendly and efficient. Only bad thing is the business center .. expensive fromwhat I remember and not 24hours. I will certainly return. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>click11
<Content>Swissotel anytime we had a view that looked over the harbour and parts of clarke quay. Even better we looked over the convention centre and the new eye in the sky ride that will be open soon. I have never had a better view. The service was fantastic and the beds sooooo big. Just watch out for your childrens dental retainers. Our room maid accidently threw them out. No problem! the management was all detective like and did everything possible to find them. They didn't turn up, but a cheque in the mail back in Perth did to cover the replacement costs. They were great but it did give us a big laugh having men in suites and notebooks writing down... exactly were we saw the retainers last, and what did they look like!!!!!Oh and the buffett breakfast is the best in singapore and love being attatched to Robbinson department store.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dentelle
<Content>It's a Great Hotel for everything! I really enjoyed my recent stay in this hotel because it's a really nice and posh hotel! It really is a prestigious Singaporean hotel. The location was superb, just go to the lobby then enter the peacock alley then voila you're in a mall!!! There are many malls and stores near this hotel and the Esdplanade and the Merlion can be seen from the window of this hotel. It takes a short walk from this hotel to Suntec cicty and Marina Square which gives it a superb location.It's across the back of St. Andrews chuch which made us happy. My mom told me that lots of people went to that chuch early during Easter. It was a great sight for our family to see. This hotel is in a really posh location, it's beside raffles hotel. Though it's in a posh location, at least there are lots of malls that are near to this place.When it comes to the room, we were really impressed because the moment we entered it we felt a sense of relaxation right away, the room is very fragrant and clean and its bathroom was spacious enough that about 15 people can be stuffed inside it.The service the staff gave was excellent and I really enjoyed my stay here.If ever you'd like to go a bar and have a niceview for supper, go to the seventieth floor for the Equinox restaurant and bar. For the bar, min. 18 for gals and 21 for guys, SGD 15 after 5. resto, SGD15 entrance, minimun of order of a main course worth SGD40+++. This hotel is so updated that it's expanded a new high rise wing to it. We didn't have to leave the hotel to enjoy ourselves, we'll just go down and voila the malls are flooding!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Ola8
<Content>Superb Location We have just returned from a 4 night stay at Swissotel The Stamford following a week in Penang. Booked through SIA Stopover which gave us free shuttle to/from the airport as well as free entry to some attractions and free Hop on city bus. The hotel was full so not able to upgrade to room on executive floor. We asked for harbour view but not available. Instead got partial harbour view on 43rd floor. This partial view was south to the marina area ie towards Suntec and the Singapore Flyer (their London Eye) and the mouth of the river. Suffering from vertigo I could not go out onto the balcony but I was reliably informed by my husband that you could see towards Boat Quay and the concert hall if you leaned out slightly. I could look out of the floor to ceiling window without feeling queasy but no way could I have stood out on the balcony! Room a bit tired looking but perfectly adequate for our needs. Had seen mixed reports about breakfasts but we had no problems in the Swiss Cafe. Full buffet with English-type cooked breakfast - fried eggs or omelettes and the like made to order - fruits, cereals, juice, toast, pastries as well as local and Japanese style breakfasts. Service was excellent. Every day we were in about 0800-0815 so don't know if worse at other times but we had no problems. Plates cleared quickly and tea/coffee topped up constantly. Cost for 2 S$70.00 less 50% SIA Stopover discount plus local taxes came to about S$41 (about 拢15 sterling) so don't think this is expensive. We did eat there one night again got 50% discount. 2 courses and 2 beers totalled about S$60. Main course portions not huge. Talking about food you have to try Clarke Quay and Boat Quay both of which are within easy walking distance from the hotel. An experience not to be missed though food can be a bit hit or miss. But I must say I wished I'd had a sign to hold up typed up in big bold letters - on one side 'Already Eaten' and on the other 'Not Tonight Thanks'. This would save you having to repeat one of them every 2 minutes during your walk along (especially Boat Quay).All in all hotel was good and in the perfect location for getting out and about. Our fifth visit to Singapore and we have stayed in various locations. This is probably the best. Our room was 4350 with the partial harbour view. I would guess that rooms ending 51 to possibly 61 are the ones with the view over the harbour, Padang etc. Looking at the circuit for the forthcoming Grand Prix the harbour views should have a good view of the quite a lot of the circuit though with it being a night race not sure. And it is no doubt sold out for that period.No problems checking in or out. Again saw reviews which said that you could be waiting for ages. They have staff in the lobby who are basically 'meeters and greeters' and if you stand still for a minute you are approached and your query dealt with. The only time I could see there being a problem is if you were a group checking in at the separate group check in and it coincided with one of the many Qantas crews checking in or out you might have a wait. But as individuals we certainly had a good experience.I would certainly recommend this hotel for anyone wanting to be in the central area who want to explore on foot as well as having good access to local transport. Good value with the SIA Stopover. Definitely considering it for our next visit.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>KaKwok
<Content>Merlion near by, classy hotel, great service (shame about the breakfast) Overall, the only thing that disappointed me to any real degree was the breakfast. For vegetarians, it's not that great. I expected more from a hotel in Singapore.Anyway, other then that, the room was great. We had our own balcony with great view. Tip: Don't hang you wet swimmers out... one of mine is MIA now.From the time you get to the hotel, the quality and level of service is apparent (bearing in mind the price of the hotel).Example of this is when I had an incident in my room, the duty manager came up toot sweet and sorted it out, no problems.The room's decor while nothing to scream about, fits the room well and gives the room a good ambience.The hotel sports and excellent gym, spa and pool.You have two choices for restaurants for breakfasts.Location wise, the nearest MRT is CITY HALL and that's about a five minute walk from the hotel. The hotel itself has a shopping centre attached.Overall, a great stay.Ka  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shell15
<Content>Beautiful Hotel. Nightmare check in! The beginning of our check in to this hotel was not a good one but that was mainly due to Thomas Cook and not the hotel itself. After a 14hr flight we arrived at the transfer desk at Singapore airport and were told we had no reservation at the hotel, eventually we managed to sort out a room but had to pay extra to upgrade to a delux room until we could speak to the travel agent directly. Upon arrival at the hotel we then had to wait for another two hrs in a complimentay waiting area as they hadn't received the confirmation from the airport and didn't have our room ready. When we eventually got to our room we were very impressed! We had two double beds (one each) and an amazing view over the harbour, boat quay and the surrounding area including the cathedral and parlimentary building. We were on the 52nd floor and I would highly recommend a higher room. The hotel itself is cylindrical so it feels very wierd when walking from the lifts to the room as you are constantly walking in a circle. The interior of the hotel is immaculate and the reception area very large. We didn't eat in any of the restaurants but we did try room service and had drinks in the bars. The bar on the top floor has the most spectacular view. We didn't use the pool area but it looked very nice. We had a brilliant stay there and the hotel is in a perfect location to go to the main eating and drinking areas and is right next door (partly attached) to a very large shopping centre.. Would recommend highly.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Rubiru
<Content>Nice hotel Great location. Great views. Great bars/restaurants on the 70+ floors. Room was nice, could prob do with a bit of a modernisation in the decoration but this would not put me off staying here again. Its also just around the corner from Raffles.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Flake25
<Content>Great Location to enjoy all of Singapore       Pic from Balcony  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	2	3	2	

<Author>pc1029
<Content>Beautiful! Close to MRT, Very happy with Swissotel. Beautiful and clean. Breakfast buffet was expensive, but good. Attached to Raffles shopping mall.convenient to MRT. Within walking distance to Boat Quay where there are lots of choices for dinner along the river.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>wuhsinman
<Content>Singapore Business Trip       View of Stamford Hotel from Merlion Fountain  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>UofAPhil
<Content>Singapore Airlines Stopover       View from the room  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>Sfran10536
<Content>A Room with a View !!! Great hotel and Location.       Room with a View  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CanberraPammo
<Content>One of the best hotels you will ever stay at What can I say - this hotel is one by which all hotels should be measured. I have stayed here 4 different times over the past 10 years and would not stay anywhere else in Singapore. The location is unbeatable, the service is typically Singapore-efficient (best in the world), rooms are luxurious and immaculately clean. The views from every room are amazing and the private balconies really do allow you to soak up the real Singapore. Every room I have stayed in has been huge (compared to European standards) and there is nothing the staff will not do for you, from supplying international adaptors to chatting with you to pass the time whilst you wait for your airport transfer. I just love this place. The shopping mall below has EVERYTHING you could want in beautiful airconditioning surroundings - this place is perfect. I always look forward to my next stay.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ArizonaTraveler2
<Content>Great hotel We spent 4 nights here in January after a cruise and loved everything about it. We selected hotel based on location primarily as we could walk to most all we wanted to see plus the Trip Advisor reviews were so favorable. Our rate was great as we got a Super Saver rate out of the many options they offer. We found the shopping center they connected to was wonderful and we were here every day. Our room was large for a hotel and had everything imaginable - shoe horn, shopping bag, coffee pot, safe, robes and slippers, iron and board - cannot think of one thing they missed. Plus hotel employees were so cordial and helpful. Clean sheets every night! We have nothing but good things to say about The Stamford and will look forward to staying here again.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BestOfBreed
<Content>After a tricky start, fabulous time We stayed here for a week with our family of four. After a 12 hour flight we got here to find out there had been some kind of a mistake in our reservation. They had booked us a room a day earlier and cancelled it for no-show. I knew I had made it correctly and got quite upset. Naturally the hotel was fully booked now...After a while the manager came to talk to us, guided us to the bar and offered us something to drink. Then he kindly managed to find us a small room for the first night. (I have a funny feeling that it was actually one of the staff's room?) We stayed there for a night and the next day got upgraded to the corner room we had paid for. After that it was great. A big hotel makes it not so personal, but the pools were great and views from the room fabulous.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>anvakams
<Content>Excellent Hotel!       Our twin room (60th level)  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Xoaninha
<Content>Just Great A really good hotel! This hotel is just great if you want to visit Singapore. Is really in the city center (great location) right next to the Raffles Hotel and it has a wonderful view of the city (I was in the 64th floor). In the beginning there was a little misunderstanding because of the bed (we were in honeymoon and they gave us a 2 bed room) but it was immediately solved. The breakfast is fantastic, were you can chose a continental one or if you prefer there is a lot of Asian choices. The staff is polite and they try to help you in any way they can. They even have a room that you can access after cheeking out, were you can change, have a shower or just relax for some time (our flight was at 11 PM and we had to check out at 1 PM, so it was very useful).  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>rnpkmx
<Content>Busy but well located hotel Stayed here one night before Christmas and 4 nights over New Year prior to moving out of Singapore. This is a well located hotel being directly above City Hall MRT, and forms part of the Raffles City shopping complex which is joined to other nearby malls (Citylink, Marina Square and Suntec City). Great if you can't stand the Singapore heat as you don't need to step outside to get to them.The hotel is big and shares some facilities with the Fairmont (until recently known as Raffles the Plaza) next door, such as swimming pools and the gym and spa area - all of these are of good quality and very well maintained.Stayed in a Harbour King overlooking the Esplanade which was generous in size, and like all rooms has a balcony, so you can open the door and get fresh air, and not be hermetically sealed in your hotel room as is usually the case. Breakfast is in the Kopitiam or Cafe Swiss downstairs. Opted for Cafe Swiss which has a very good selection of food, and great service - the only gripe I would have was the way they present the cereal - on a three tiered structure with you having to use a regular sized spoon to serve yourself. Not so great if you are short and like a lot of cereal!I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel but would say that's its not such a great place to stay at peak times (like New Year when I was there). As I said its a big hotel with over 800 rooms, and was very full during my second stay. To give and idea what its like at these times:- I waited about 10 minutes to be served at check in (though the three guests that were being served admittedly seemed very high maintenance). Check out however was a breeze (separate desk facing lifts).- The lift service was average (I waited 6 minutes in the lift lobby one morning to get to breakfast). - The Cafe Swiss gets very crowded (though to the hotel's credit they set up the buffet breakfast in an upstairs ballroom as an alternative location)- If you call for something to be brought to your room you could be waiting a while (45 minutes for ice). - The swimming pools on New Year's Eve afternoon were seething masses of humanity. If you like lap swimming, you'd probably need to be in there first thing in the morning.Hotel also offers broadband in room for (from memory) S$25 + service charge + GST for 24 hours. Its not unnormal to quote prices like this in Singapore but maybe a lot of overseas visitors are not used to this. If you have a laptop with WiFi you can use the free Wireless@SG service, but is better from ground level - on the 40th floor where I was I received no reception.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Like_my_own_bed
<Content>Awesome Possibly the best city centre hotel you will stay at.Location fantastic. Rooms are great. Food is fantastic. Check-in, check-out easy and swift. Staff helpful.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>paulncath
<Content>Great Hotel, great rates Stayed 1 night on stop over home from Oz. Hotel was excellent, rooms very clean and well appointed, stayed on 43rd floor over looking city, and got fantastic views. We are a family of 4 including 2 teenages so managed to get connecting rooms. Beds very comfortable. Loads of rates available, would suggest getting rate including breakfast. This was buffet style and selection of food was enormous. Would also suggest you book via airline if you can, we travelled with Sinagpore Airlines who get very good rates unfortunatly all these rooms gone when we booked. Managed to get rooms at SG$360 each including breakfast. Did not recognise many of the negative comments noted on previous reviews. Could not use bars as kids were under age, 18 for girls, 21 for boys, but you can get a drink in the foyer cafe area with teenagers. Hotel was busy each time we went through reception, but with so many floors this is to be expected. Our check in was quick and efficient, check out is at a separate check out desk, and was again quick and efficient. Hotel will hold luggage if you have late flights, we used this facility and were happy with the security of storage. They alos have a hospitality room for you to use to freshen up before departure. Note that this is an oversize room and you share it with other travellers. Hotel does not have airport transfer facility, so we used cabs. Normal taxi cost via meter cost us SG$16, but you can use maxicab, for a fixed SG$35.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ronyanbu
<Content>Club Rooms great, Cafe Swiss terrible Stayed four nights, Dec 20-24 in a Club Room and enjoyed the Club Floor morning meal service, ambience and level of service. Have stayed many times on the Club Floor and have always found the service to be consistently good for long stay guests.Tried the Sunday buffet lunch at Cafe Swiss and was very disappointed. Entered the Cafe Swiss at 1:45pm and found the majority of buffet dishes were empty plates. As the buffet closes at 2:30pm, I asked the restaurant manager to clear the empty plates and replenish dishes as guests were continuing to come in. Response was basically yes I agree with you, the chef should do so and nothing happened. I left the Cafe Swiss at 2:30pm and no further dishes had been brought out nor had empty buffet platters been cleared. Very much a waste of money to eat in the Cafe Swiss. I would recommend the Raffles City Food Court on the 4th floor for better value.A shame the food service is so lousy at Cafe Swiss because otherwise the Swissotel Stamford is a pleasant stay. I assume it will be changing management shortly because charges made to my Amex and Visa cards have all been posted as Fairmont and no longer Swissotel.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TOGardener
<Content>Great view, great location, crowded       View from room 5660  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	1	2	1	

<Author>Sue046
<Content>Wonderful stay Have just returned after spending 8 wonderful nights at the Swissotel The Stamford in Singapore. Was a little apprehensive as I had heard varying reports about it, but from the beginning to the end of my stay everything went extremely smoothly. Had a harbourview room on the 22nd Floor, non-smoking as requested. Marvellous views. It was not what I would call flash but was very roomy and clean. The housekeeping was very efficient. Its excellent central location was a huge plus and with the MRT underneath the hotel I was able to travel easily to all places of interest in Singapore. There were also many eating places in the huge mall adjoining the hotel.Had the buffet breakfast in the Swiss Cafe at the hotel and it was superb. Huge choice of western and asian dishes and the service was almost overwhelming in its attentiveness and friendliness. Without exception every hotel employee I came into contact with was friendly, courteous and eager to assist. I have previously stayed at the York and the Carlton hotels in Singapore but found this hotel better than both of them and I will definitely stay in the Swissotel The Stamford the next time I visit Singapore.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	3	5	-1	

<Author>AmizaAmira
<Content>A Hotel With Great Location       The Swiss Cafe  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AngusY
<Content>Nice hotel- shame about the extras. We booked this hotel after fleeing a cyclone in Vietnam. Everywhere was booked out in Singapore due to the Asean summit and we didnt want to look around for hours so we decided to treat ourselves. We had a room on the 55th floor with a great view of the city. The room was good, balcony, bathroom was good. The swimming was also nice and the location in the Raffles was perfect for shopping, dining,MRT etc.The most annoying thing about this hotel is the extras. To stay a night is not cheap. I booked on the hotels website.The final price does not include a daily GST rate (7%) no breakfast, 24$ a day for fitness centre access 24$ a day for internet either high speed or WIFI. When your paying so much for the hotel room these should be included. Even 1 star guest houses in Singapore include these free. Better to book somewhere online well in advance if planning to visit Singapore and you can get just as good elsewhere in other 5 star hotels for half the price and inclusive of everything.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>freshia31
<Content>Very accessible - great location       The swimming pool  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	5	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>uskuhlmans
<Content>Hmmm I was in Singapore for a conference and this was the conference hotel. I had come from Bangkok where I was in the delightful Swiss Lodge--a small boutique hotel--and this was just way over the top. It is huge and the lobby was always crowded. I am not a fan of big chain hotels so that was an immediate demerit for me. The location was great and the staff was nice but it was too big, too expensive, and offered no more than the Swiss Lodge at a fraction of the cost. On my own, I would never choose this hotel but as a predetermined base, it was ok.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>drrw
<Content>Not a luxury hotel! I spent two nights at Swissotel The Stamford with my fiancee as a treat after backpacking through Malaysia. We booked a deluxe harbour view room through Expedia (weekend rate).Reception was a chaotic with queues every time we went there. The first room we were given (30th floor) was tatty with chipped furniture and a stained bath, and the harbour was only just visible from the far end of the balcony. We complained and after a 3 hour wait were given a satisfactory room on the 26th floor.The hotel literature mentions a fitness centre and spa, but access to this is NOT included in the room rate. A charge of SGD 24.50 per person per day is made for access to the gym. We were very disappointed. Swimming pool access is free.There were two breakfast buffets. The main buffet in Cafe Swiss is fine - good food and service and a pleasant environment. When Cafe Swiss is full, however, guests are directed to the nextdoor Kopi Tiam restaurant where the buffet was poor (food was cold, service was poor, lighting was dim, and the staff started to put away the food half an hour before the official end of breakfast).All in all, the hotel has some nice rooms, but its standard ones are mid-range rather than luxury in quality. The lack of inclusive gym access is inexcusable for a hotel of this standard. Not recommended.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>BigTimeTravel
<Content>Two Stays - 2 totally different experiences I recently took a 15 day cruise from Singapore to Sydney and booked this hotel for a caouple days prior to the ruise and then again for an overnight on the way back.The first two nights were great... arrived late on Nov 2nd and was provided a really nice room on the 54th floor. The room was spotless with twin balconies which provided a great view. The Internet connection, wired only, is rather expensive at $28 per 24 hours. Not really a great connection. No wireless offered in the hotel. The return night on Nov 21st was a totally different experience. The room I received was on the 7th floor and totally minimal. Same rate as the previous stay and same booking but disappointing room. Booked directly with the hotel website at full rate.Will stay at another hotel next time I am in Singapore  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>dinthurai
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed at the hotel for 2 nights.Great welcome at check in, my room was not ready yet as I came ealier than the check in time.Another room was provided to freshen up.Once receiving my room it was on the 32nd floor, providing great views of Singapore.The room was very clean and modern looking. There was a great view from the balcony and amenities were excellent.The location of the hotel is excellent as it is near key areas Marina, Plaza shopping city, Raffles hotel and the MRT station.Staff are very polite, and courteous. I would defiinteyl stay here again.Got a cheaper deal through booking this with Singapore Airlines, as they also arrange transportation.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Stephen_Lloyd
<Content>Too many hookers I frequently stay at the old sister hotel, the Plaza, but could not get in there due to a conference of Insurance firms being held. I was therefore put into the Stamford, my first visit here for many years. Both hotels are located at the Raffles City shopping centre and connected by a ground floor passageway which also enters the shopping centre The check in was good, and staff as ever helpful in the hotel. I had a 54th floor room with great views across both Boat and Clark Quays. The room itself was how the Plaza had been several years ago before they started refurbshing. As such it is a little dated but totally adequate and confortable. A good working desk is provided but the shower and bath combined is looking old. A glass screen to keep water in was fairly useless. I found two problems. The lifts to the guest floors are accessible during the day directly from the shopping centres second and third floors. I did not need my key card to use these, despite having slots available on the panels to use them. As a result I felt security of the rooms was loose as anyone could go up stairs without going through the lobby. Which dovetails with the second point - on my last night, also the last night of the conference, I walked via the passageway to have a nightcap in Raffles which directly over the road from the Plaza. I was approached by two hookers in what I consdiered hotel space, within a minute of each other. I raised it with a member of the Plaza staff as I passed him to get a response of there's a conference on but no other action. Likewise there were several hanging about outside the Plaza. This is a nuisance factor most travellers can do without and a big disappointment as I had not seen this before. Before going back to either Stamford or Plaza hotels in future I will ensure there is not a conference on.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Lurls
<Content>Excellent service - great staff We had booked a harbour view double room for our overnight stopover via the internet. When we arrived we were given an upgrade to a very large suite with two balconies, queen bed, writing desk (with high speed internet connection) and lounges to watch tv or read. Though the rooms are a tad dated, they are spotlessly clean and well-equipped with great views. This might be an Australian or English idiosyncrasy but it was good to find the complimentary tea and coffee with a kettle available in the room also. The very helpful staff also gave us a room where we had the option of a late check out (til 2pm) as our flight was not leaving Singapore until 11pm the next day. The breakfast was very good with an amazing variety of food to chose from the buffet. The staff were very efficient and helpful and the location is unbeatable (above Raffles Plaza and City Hall MRT station). There is also a pool that can be used as well as a pleasent bar downstairs.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>reddygirl
<Content>a terrific hotel - absolutely recommended! my daughter and i stayed at swissotel the stamford singapore for one night in june this year on the way back from dubai and the uk. i stayed at raffles the plaza next door (i have written a review for this hotel also) with my husband almost three years prior, and as i was travelling with my daughter, thought i would try out the swissotel. my husband stays there regularly on business.i was very impressed with the swissotel. check in, whilst there was a queue, was very efficient and polite. our bags were taken very quickly to our room, very welcome after a long and exhausting trip. my daughter and i had an enormous room with two queen sized beds in, and a lovely bathroom. although i had requested from the travel agent a low floor (i know how high this place is!) we ended up on the 43rd floor! my husband hasn't even stayed that high! anyway, we had marvellous views of the city and surrounds. the bathroom was lovely with nice toiletries. my daughter was very impressed with the size of the room, but i kept her away from the balcony! the location of course is excellent with the shopping centre, chijmes and transport nearby. my daughter couldn't believe the shops were next door. sad to say we ate burger king for dinner, but it was quick, easy and cheap!we had breakfast the next day, which had an enormous choice. we arrived during a busy time, but the staff were still very polite, friendly and helpful. my daughters eyes boggled at all the food, and although she didn't like some things she ate (she can be a tad fussy and it had nothing to do with the quality of the food) it was wonderful that there were so many things to try. the guava juice proved a hit! the coffee was lovely too.the pool is shared with raffles the plaza next door, and a lovely cool retreat from the heat and humdity of singapore.what i liked most about the hotel was however the staff., from the check in staff right through to the guy who hails the taxi (he even offered to be in my daughters photo, which left her very pleased!) they were constantly approaching my daughter and chatting to her, even the male staff! children can sometimes be made to feel invisible, or like nuisances, but they were so lovely to her that she shone every time they spoke to her! what made me laugh was that they were noticed her because of her blonde hair, blue eyes and fair skin (so different to them, they said)! she had a doll which looked like her, and the staff found it hilarious (again, including the males) and asked her all about the doll! several of the female staff complimented her on her lovely hair, which was such a sweet thing to do. there was a slight mix up at check out, but it was handled with humour and sorted quickly and efficiently. we were offered the use of a room and the pool at check out as our flight home was late at night. that was very appreciated. in short, i would highly recommend the swissotel if you are taking kids, as raffles the plaza next door is really a business/couples hotel. i loved it, and when travelling with my family will be my hotel of choice for singapore (raffles the plaza for just myself and hubby though). very reasonably priced too.and thanks for being so nice to my daughter!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>move55
<Content>Excellent Hotel       singapore  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>limelemon
<Content>A good start to our vacation in S.E. Asia We stayed at this hotel as part of the Singapore Stopover package during the first leg of our trip. Some observations:1. Excellent location - right above the Raffles MRT station and just a few steps away was the shopping mall. 2. Check-in at 1:30 A.M. was efficient, however, the bell-hop was no where to be found and the front desk didn't offer to call for one. It wasn't fun lugging our suitcases around after a 20 plus hour flight. 3. We were given a room on the 44th floor overlooking the marina bay area (Esplanade, Marina Square, Suntec City etc). The room itself had two double beds and was of average size and roomy enough for two people. The washroom was roomy with a tub/shower combo and a toilet. We found the beds to be a little hard.  4. Breakfast was not included in our package. We did, however, have the breakfast buffet at the Kopi Tiam restaurant (right beside the Swiss Cafe) on the 2nd level. Service from the host and servers was great! There was a good selection of western breakfast favourites (scrambled eggs, sausage, toast, pastries etc) as well as asian favourites (noodles, kaya for the toast, steamed dumplings, nasi lemak, porridge etc)All in all, a good hotel. Excellent location.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>georgie_girl1
<Content>Avoid if possible There are only 2 things going for this hotel -- its location and its breakfast buffets. We should have heard warning bells from the outset when we were making our reservation -- the person was audibly typing on his computer the entire time and wasn't paying attention to anything I was asking. I had to keep repeating myself and the only time he truly snapped to attention was when I confirmed my reservation. When we checked in, the room on the higher floor that I'd requested (note -- it's the higher floors that have been renovated) was not ready. We were given one on a low floor. I decided to give it a chance but it wasn't long before we found 1) the previous occupants' crusty oily stains on the sheets and hairs in the sink, and 2) that the bathtub was not working (the stopper was screwed so there could be no chance of soaking in the tub). A technician came to try to fix the tub, but he could not. He had the sense to say he'd ask for another room for us.We eventually got another room -- on the supposedly renovated higher floor -- but on entering with the porter, we were all appalled to find the toilet repeatedly flushing and overflowing. The bathroom floor was flooded. I wasn't prepared to repack all my stuff AGAIN, so we sat down and waited for a technician to fix that and housekeeping to come clean up the bathroom. The technician took ages to come (while gallons of water continued pouring out), and housekeeping took even longer. We were dying to pee! And in the meantime, we found some creamy white stuff on the sheets... Honestly, like I'd said, the only things going for this hotel are the location -- being very central and connected to a nice mall -- and its breakfast buffets -- yummy, substantial and in a very pleasant environment. If you get one of those unrenovated rooms, be prepared for things not working and icky stuff on the old furnishings. Housekeeping is horribly inefficient -- you could be gone for 3 hours or even 6, and your room can still not be made up. And the scum on the bathtubs is proof of how well they do their job.The bathroom, incidentally, is not child-friendly -- there is only a fixed shower overhead, which means you will have difficulty washing your little one down.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>framboisePenang
<Content>Great hotel for families My husband and our 3 children stayed in the Swiss for a 5 days stay in Singapore. We booked with the hotel website and everything went smoothly. The check in was quick despite the fact that this hotel well centred gets very buzy. We got a room on the 58th floor. The view is amazing especially at night. The room was spacious, we had 2 double beds and a baby cot but we still had space. Included in the price was breakfast for the 5 of us and cocktail from 5pm till 8pm. Breakfast was in the main restaurant on the 2nd floor and it had everything to please our fussy children. Cocktail was superb, as children are not allowed in the executive suite my husband got to bring a bottle of wine and petits fours every evening back to the room. One night we got in-room dining and dinner was great and hot in our plates. Overall we were very pleased with the service, the staff was always very nice and we will definitely go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gez_egen
<Content>Great luxury hotel, check the promotions       Hotel from Suntec City  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Nonnapn
<Content>Swiss Precision and Efficiency It's always a pleasure to stay at The Swissotel in Singapore. I go for overnight business trips and appreciate how smooth everything works. From checking in and having a room ready for me even if I get to the hotel before check in time to the speedy and efficient express check out service, so useful when you have to run to the airport to catch the flight back.The hotel is also convenient in terms of location, there is an MRT station right beside it. There is a small shopping center right in the hotel complex and lots of small coffee shops and restaurants, even a bookstore that stays open till 10 pm.The staff are always smiling and helpful and everything works well. It also helps a lot that they always give me a room on the higher floors with a terrific view of the harbour.Maybe one of these days I can try out their Amrita Spa which seems to have good reviews from other travelers.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Pete3080
<Content>high in the sky We stayed here before a long time ago and it looked much the same. 70 floors, shopping mall and underground line.On arrival from the transfer bus we were greeted like VIP's and a receptionist was summoned to check us in.The round shape of the hotel makes the rooms slightly non-square, we had a great view of the central park and cathedral and a small balcony.The rooms are large and well appointed. There are a lot of restaurants of all standards in the hotel and in the mall below. There is a blurring so it isn't that clear when you are in a hotel restaurant or outside.Our first breakfast was a disappointment, the main restaurant area looks spectacular but the food had a poor selection, it is a Swissotel and so was Swiss style, cheese, ham and buns, bircher muesli. Coffee was scarce. Service wasn't very good either - the receptionist and service staff seemed to be hiding if you looked at them.It took an expedition to find a very good breakfast place, outside next to the pool.We ate in the hotel restaurant and it was very good for service and style, but not cheap.We found two very plush restaurants in a passageway between the hotel and the mall - an Indian and a Thai. We chose the Indian and it was excellent, the food, service and decor - in Britain a place with decor like this would have cost hundreds of pounds but it was very reasonable.We also stumbled on a sandwich bar / deli with tables that overlook the mall and appears to be part of the hotel. The service and food was excellent there as well.There is long distance walking along City Mall which extends from the Stamford Mall, seems like about a mile of tunnels acting as a shopping mall. Also the subway station is an interchange so its good to go in most directions.Staying in this complex is one long period of discovery, there are bits that pop up everywhere and its all high quality.Our flight out was at midnight and the hotel had a room put by for late check out. We thought the room was for us but there were 12 others crammed in and a family queueing to use the one shower facility in the room. It kept emptying and filling and the staff were struggling to keep it freshened. Still it was better than the hotel we stayed in a couple of years ago who only let us use their gym shower with a late check out.Overall I'd use this again for certain.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>HJCF
<Content>nice hotel We stayed for 2 nights as an extended family and had 2 rooms, on the 41st and 43rd floors. The rooms were nice, very large, although our agent had not requested non-smoking rooms and the 43rd floor was a little smokey (but my husband couldn't tell!). The pool is lovely, and there is a good choice of restaurants. We had breakfast in the hotel, which was very nice, and we ate in the asian restaurant there too, which was excellent. The hotel was incredibly busy when we were there (it was a national holiday), so the lifts were a nightmare - twice we took the stairs to the 39th floor and took the separate lift there after waiting for ages. However, in spite of this they sat us down at breakfast very quickly. The concierge staff were excellent, very helpful, and there was nothing wrong with reception either. We would stay there again definitely, and the location is perfect.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>AucklandNZgirl
<Content>Terrible hotel We stayed at the Swissotel for two nights. While it's central location was a bonus, the hotel was terrible. Te room was smelly, and the air-conditioning didn't work. We had to argue to get the bedding configuration we had booked, and the staff were very unhelpful. It was not worth the additional cost we paid to stay there, on reflection I would have been happier to pay slightly more to stay at the fullerton!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	4	1	1	4	

<Author>jurassic
<Content>Excellent My wife and I stayed at the Swisotel for a 1 night stopover on route to Australia. Very impressed. Check in very quick for a large hotel. Booking was for a std. room on 10th floor. Was offerred an upgrade to a refurbished room on a higher floor for 40 dollars. Declined this and our room was actually excellent. Large confortable bed. good bathroom, and a balcony. The swimming pool, which is shared wirh Raffles Plaza Hotel, is on the 8th floor which was convenient. Had breakfast in the shopping mall underneath the Hotel. The hotel's location is ideal for a short stopover. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>NJnobleone
<Content>Good hotel with hard beds Stayed at the hotel in late July for a conference. Think the hotel is a typical business hotel but does a very good job for such a large place. Had a room on the 35th floor overlooking the city and each room has a balcony which is unusual for such a tall hotel. Got a twin bedded room as had my daughter in tow and found the beds to be very hard for western tastes and had similar comments from many colleagues. Room was clean and service in the hotel was fine. Food wise most of my eating was at the hotel and I found it to be of a very high standard for such food which was a pleasant suprise and the hotel staff service at events was excellent. Location wise the hotel is next door to City Hall station (we got the train to and from the airport which is a bargain at $1.50 each way) and walking distance from the waterfront which has many resturants and bars. There are also three large malls, one next door, one five mins walk away and one mall connecting the two and Raffles Hotel is just round the corner which makes it a great location to get around Singapore from in my opinion.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>SpiderBoy
<Content>Great location especially for families We had a great time at this hotel ... room/view/staff were all wonderful. The hotel is located very centrally making it easy to shop/eat/shop/eat and get to the next place to shop/eat. The hotel is located above a shopping mall, metro line and guests can use the pool of the neighbouring hotel which is great in the humid hot days. Singapore is underrated as a city (you can actually enjoy it) for families and this hotel make it easy to keep everyone happy.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>jills12
<Content>Nice hotel, great location       view from hotel room (38th floor)  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Hburn10
<Content>Time has taken a toll on Swissotel       The cute gingerbread men  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>madanut
<Content>highly recommended great hotel,clean,well located for shopping and using trains.service overall was wonderful.very large hotel so lifts a bit slow at times.hospitality lounge not clean enough, only compliant.otherwise highly recommened.will definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oceansaparttravel
<Content>Great Views - Standard Rooms We stayed at the Swissotel for a couple of nights after visiting Bali.The hotel have excellent views from many of the rooms and also the bar/restaurant on the 70th Floor. We had a room on the 46th floor which had views all over Singapore. They room itself was large with a modern bathroom. The decor is dated in some respects but not really too bad. We had asked for a double but they gave us a twin room instead which was annoying but the twin beds are in fact small double beds and they were fully booked so no chance of moving.If you are staying here on holiday then you are likely to be below the 50th floor as those ones are for frequent members and business travellers, so if you want one with a view ask for one on the 40th floor.Breakfast you have the choice of two restaurants serving pretty much the same thing. One is supposed to be more European and the other Asia but each of them serve the same food and to be honest there are less people in the Asia one meaning quicker service.Overall good hotel in a great location with excellent views.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>not_now_kato
<Content>A perfect place from which to explore Singapore This was our first time in Singapore, and the Stamford was a perfect choice. It's right on the MRT, the public transport system and a short walk from the harbourThe staff are extremely helpful and pleasant, and went out of their way to make sure that we were well looked after.The breakfast, although pricey is well worth having, as there is an incredible variety of food on offer, and plenty of it. The rooms are clean and comfortable, and the views are amazing.I will definitely book the Stamford again next time I am in Singapore  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Belly2007
<Content>Ok facilities, Great location We stayed at the Swissotel Stamford for a week in June. The location was very central, right at the City Hall MRT station. Room was a good size, but cleanliness left much to be desired.. the general areas were clean but the tiny area between the wall and the bed had a lot of dust balls! Also the guy in the big red uniform by the lobby entrance wasn't very helpful. I had called for a taxi through the concierge and they gave me this sheet of paper with teh taxi's plate number on it and told me to hand it to the big guy. I did as they said and the big guy handed me back the paper and said Can you see? Look at the taxi's plates ok? Do it yourself. Needless to say I was in a state of shock at this unhelpfulness.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	2	4	3	2	

<Author>iamadude
<Content>A first Class Experience I have had 5 extended (2 weeks plus) stays at this hotel since September 2006. Each time it never fails to please me. The staff are amazing, location excellent and the hotel is extremely well run. Rooms and common areas are spotless and very well maintained.I always pay the extra (Approx S$80 a night) for the executive club level. This gives me a bigger room on a higher floor, access to the executive club lounge on the 60th floor with complimentary cocktails and snacks every evening, breakfast from a choice of three restaurants and access to the excellent gymnasium in the attached spa. Well worth it when yu are there for more than a few days.Highly recommended!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Hot_Dots
<Content>Very Comfortable This was a very nice hotel in a great location with the MRT right below it. Our room was comfortable (although the beds were way too hard). Really as expected a very good hotel. I have stayed at the Swissotel Merchant Court and to tell the truth, even thought the Stamford is a better hotel, I am not sure it is worth the extra money, however I could not fault it.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>MacAsia
<Content>Great location but expensive This hotel is connected very will by a maze of underground corridors and MRT that will lead you to the concert hall (Durian!) and other shopping centers.The hotel itself is expensive (even with corporate rate).The room was typical 4 star.Free paper every morning,You pay for breakfastYoy pay to use the gym.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	5	4	2	4	3	

<Author>PeterRipley
<Content>A Good Friend This review is long overdue. Over the years, we have perhaps spent 4o nights on vacation at the Stamford. We have tried other hotels such as the Fullerton and our visits have not always been without problems, but like an old friend, it is the end that counts.And this is the case here. Problems have always been sorted out more than satisfactorily by top mangement and as we sit on vacation in Canada, we find ourselves missing the Stamford. Now the hotel. The rooms are huge. The bathroom except in the suites are not shower and bath units, but are they really necessary? The two beds are huge and the work area is well-planned. If anything the room is too large as the TV sometimes seems too far away. The views from the top floors are stunning, in no matter what direction. The housekeeping staff are excellent. The gym and changing room facilities are second to noon in Asia except perhaps for the Ascott in Bangkok. Where else can you wake up, go to the gym, leave your clothes in a locker and put on a robe, walk up the stairs to the poolside cafe for a wonderful poolside breakfast, move 10 seconds to your sun chaise, enjoy a great lunch and when it is all over, go back 30 seconds to the spa area and enjoy saunas and the baths with top class amenities from Aspara Spa (complimentary)? Many guests dont seem to know about the poolside option for breakfast.The Chinese restaurant albeit a bit expensive has an amazing dim sum lunch. Popular with locals a good sign.Check-in has always been very efficient but bags do take time so if you are in a super hurry, take them up yourself.A further hint. Venture a bit further afield Katong is a really lively traditional area with interesting shops and very good casual dining. Go under the highway bridge and rent bicycles to cycle along the shore. We went all the way to Changi Village. The last part isnt along the shore but next to the runway. My partner didnt find that part so picturesque. Ha!Ha! The top management of this hotel is very responsive to complaints. They take responsibility and there are no excuses. That is how I judge a great hotel. Things come up when one stays more than once at any property but the proof in the pudding is what happens next. The truth is no other property in Singapore has the same combined qualities:acess to MRT, in-building shopping, room size, staff, gym, sunlit pool etc.A few more hints. Jason's downstairs in the mall has a wonderful wine shop, a great deli with pates, cheeses and baklava!!! Make a picnic and head out to one of Singapores many green areas. There is jungle 20 minutes from Orchard Road!!!!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bangkokexpat
<Content>Competent. Comfortable. Great Location. I stayed at Swissotel The Stamford for four nights during the end of June, 2007. This four star hotel lived up to my expectations. It was competent, comfortable, polite, clean and well-appointed. My room on the 26th floor, was large, modern and pleasant, with all the amenities one would expect. The large bathroom sparkled. The d茅cor, while standard issue, was pleasant. While I had no complaints, and was generally satisfied, the hotel has no particular distinction or character, which is admittedly difficult to achieve in a downtown 70-story high rise.The breakfast was as varied, ample, and delicious as I've had anywhere, and the large, striking, three-story atrium breakfast room, made up in theatre what it lacked in intimacy. Unlike many of its four star brethren, the friendly staff did an excellent job of continuously cleaning my table of plates and keeping my tea topped up. Breakfast was served until 11:00 AM, which was terrific for my schedule.The major advantage of this hotel is its location. The hotel is attached to the Raffles City shopping mall, which itself is attached to the City Hall MRT station. Through numerous underground air conditioned tunnels, themselves constituting shopping malls, you can walk to The Esplanade, and to numerous shopping malls and a convention center. It is an easy and cheap (about US$1) MRT ride from Changi Airport to the hotel, which is about as convenient as you can get.In the past, I stayed at the more expensive Raffles The Plaza, which is next door to Swissotel The Stamford, and is also attached to the same mall. I could find no differences in the two hotels which would justify a higher price for Raffles The Plaza.Bottom line: I'll stay at Swissotel The Stamford again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>balley77
<Content>Enjoyable Stay We stayed at Swissotel for 2 nights. Upon check-in we were offered an upgrade, which we accepted at a reasonable price. However, upon check-out the bill plus many taxes had gone up substantially. Would recommend if offered an upgrade, to ask how much the price is plus taxes, so that you don't get caught out. We were also charged a higher price to what was offered, which we are fighting out with them at the moment.On the whole though, our stay was very enjoyable. The hotel is clean, convenient to many shops and restaurants and our 5 room suite was unbelievable. 64th Floor with views across Singapore. Service was good but you get what you pay for!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>itsminty
<Content>Convenient location       View from room  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	2	3	4	

<Author>Philipat
<Content>Busy Lobby, Large Room I stayed in this property for the first time recently for a one night business stay. The location is closer to the Business District than the shopping. It's close to the Funan electronics centre which is just a 10 minute walk through the adjacent shopping centre. It's connected on the first 4 floors to Raffles City Mall and also has a large conference centre, so the lobby area is constantly busy and it's not a hotel with public ares in which you can relax. There are, however, many restaurants between the Hotel and the Mall so, together with the hotel retaurants, there is an amazing selection, including the exceptional Maharani restaurant for excellent Indian food. One of the best in Singapore in my opinion. Check-in was very slow despite the fact that there were only 3 guests checking in, but check-out at the desk behind the lobby, in front of the elevators, was fast and convenient. My Room was on the 56th Floor, had superb viewsand was a very good size, much larger than the average room.Overall, this is not a property you would die to stay at again but it is very functional and comfortable with reasonable value for money rates.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>chelsea91
<Content>Great hotel! We'll be back. Stayed at the hotel for a girlie weekend. Shared a room on the 58th floor with views over the harbour which were fantastic.The rooms were spacious with 2 queen size beds. Having the Lavazza coffee machine in the room was great. We started our mornings with a coffee sitting on our beds gazing out at the harbour. So relaxing! The breakfast in the Executive Lounge was good. The service in the hotel was great. My friend lost her credit card in an ATM in the Raffles City shopping complex and the staff member in the Executive Lounge was so helpful in helping her with phone calls etc and she managed to get her card back the next day. Normally, sorting out issues like that is a nightmare.The location is great. Just above the Raffles City MRT (making it so easy to get everywhere) and the Raffles City shopping complex. Loads of great inexpensive food places in the market place at the bottom of Raffles City as well as a great supermarket.The pool area was lovely as well.We'll definitely be back for another girlie weekend as well as bring the family here. It is also an ideal place to have a family break.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Purle3121
<Content>Fantastic view We stayed four nights at the Swissotel The Stamford after staying four nights at the Albert Court hotel in Little India. Our habourview room at the Stamford with such a fantastic view seemed like total luxury after the three star Albert Court. Our room was on the 44th floor facing towards Little China. Initially I was a bit disappointed our room wasn't higher up, but after seeing the view up higher (which is fantastic) I was glad to be staying a bit lower. We were looking out towards other high rises (and down below of course) rather than looking down on everything. The room was a great size with a lovely big king sized bed. It was fantastic going to sleep at night with that view!The reception staff were lovely and the concierge staff were very helpful, including giving honest opinions on various Singapore attractions and trying to track down a store that used to be located at Raffles. The location of the hotel is great - above the City Hall MRT station (so easy to get to Orchard Road, the night safari etc). The pool was also nice.On our last night we had dinner at Equinox. The view was fantastic and, while it wasn't cheap, it was not as expensive as we expected (about $280 for the two of us, including champagne and wine).  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ahmlaw
<Content>deteriorating I am in Singapore at least 4 times a year, and I often stay at this hotel. In the past two years, however, the service and accomodations have deteriorated.You need to specify that you be given a room on the higher floors, as these have been renovated. I asked the front desk this last visit if the lower floors have been renovated, and I was told that not all rooms have been refurbished. There are 2 locations for breakfast. I found it odd that in one location, honey for toast was available, while in the other area, you would have to request for it. Breakfast coffee in this hotel is awful.But breakfast time is until 11am, which is great. Almost all hotels close their breakfast service by 10am or 10:30am.Check-out efficiency is hit-and-miss. My last stay, I was lucky, and was able to check out quickly. However, I have experienced very long check-outs here that have made me nervous about getting to the airport on time!Good feature are the ice-machines available on some floors; when you check in, ask if that floor has a working ice-machine.Bathroom amenities: even if there are two of you in the room, they'll only give you a set for one (so it's a scramble for the shower cap!). And replenishment of bathroom amenities also hit-and-miss; some days they give you a new bar of soap, other times they don't. The bathtub/shower is horrible; the half-glass door shower enclosure was a huge design mistake. it causes the bathroom to flood, once you take a shower. This last visit, half the shower time was spent mopping up the flooded floor!Room service is fair.I don't know if other hotels have first aid facilities, as I have never had use for them, although I travel constantly. This last time, I had a bad cut, and called for a band-aid. I was told I had to buy the whole pack of twenty for about S$5. I recall that in some hotels, you get band-aids in the room, so I was a bit surprised, but paid for it anyway (it was late in the evening, so I had no choice).This last stay, because they could not give me a room on a higher floor, I was upgraded to the member's floor. Normally, an upgrade implies either an upgrade of facilities, or added perks (like use of the members' lounge). In this case, I got nothing new for the upgrade, it was the same-sized room, same amenities, no use of the lounge. And one of the two phones was busted.This used to be my favorite Singapore hotel, but in recent months, I've transferred my business to the Mandarin Oriental, where the accomodations are superior, the breakfast selection awesome, and the service and amenities exceptional.Am still hoping this hotel gets its act together, since the location is prime (City Hall MRT station is just beneath the hotel, and there's an attached mall - Raffles City). Otherwise, its star rating should be downgraded.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>ADGMunich
<Content>Excellent hotel My husband and I stayed five nights at the Swisshotel last week and loved every second of it. Our room was great, 59th floor, with an amazing view of the skyline and the harbour. We were very pleased with the room itself, an executive: spacious, comfy, nicely furnished and last but not least complementary lavazza coffee machine. The staff was just amazing, we were actually celebrating our 14th wedding anniversary, and they couldn't have been more helpful or kind to make this occasion a truly unforgettable one. Audrey, thank you, you're the best concierge ever. We can only warmly recommend the Swisshotel to anyone travelling to Singapore, it's a great hotel with a sincerely caring staff and a great location.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>neda2000
<Content>well worth it 1st night we stayed in a standard room. that was perfect. then we upgraded to an executive room, and it was more than perfect. just as well we stayed in a standard room 1st night cause once we went to executive room we did not leave our room all day. the view was awsome, what a beautiful city. the cocktail hour and the breakfast up there was such a pleaseure with the whole city under you. the staff were very friendly. everone from check in moment to room service, pool staff, the club room and porters. evern the taxi drivers in singapore were friendly and helpful. we will go back again to this city and will stay in Swissotel stamford (executive club room). contact the hotel directly and you will get a better deal. to australian dollar it works out quite reasonable and even if it is pricey at least it is value for money and you are not being ripped off.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BalUK69
<Content>Surprised this is not higher in the ratings!! Great hotel, I really liked the nightclub on the top floor, even moreso because we got complimentary entry. One thing I will always remember is that we took a transfer from the airport with a group in a minivan, you had to see the look on the peoples faces when they saw us (In our trampy clothes) get out and walk into this hotel. Location: Spot on. Couldnt imagine staying anywhere else. Noted that this is far from orchard road, but hey I can live with that.Biggest gripe: having no method of getting a taxi from the concierge.... i.e we waited outside for 20 minutes one time in a queue.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>ks-bike-rider
<Content>What happened to the lights?!?!? I arrived at 1AM after enduring 20+ hours of flights; probably not at my sharpest. Of course, nature was calling, so I opened the door, saw a small electronic thingy by the door that said Insert Card, swiped my door card in it, lights came on, dropped key on the desk, tossed luggage on the bed and headed for bathroom - when the lights went out! Fumbled around for the key, found it again, swiped it again, more lights, headed for bathroom - and the lights went out again! Swiped card again, and discovered that lights would go out after about 15 seconds. By this time was nature wasn't just calling, it was screaming. I went back to the card swiper and this time left my card in the swiper - and the lights stayed on. WHAT RELIEF!I learned that Insert Card means leave your door card right here by the door if you want electricity, not Insert, Remove and put in pocket for safe keeping.So, after my introduction to energy saving technology, I had more relaxed time to look around the room. I was told it was one of the recently updated king rooms. It was very comfortable with a large desk, counters, fridge - the usual. The bed was rock hard, which I prefer. There were 110 and 220 outlets available in the room, along with a plug adapter. It also appears all rooms have a balcony, which was nice after it cooled down later in the day.Internet access was available for SIN$30/day - a little pricey for vacation, but I was there on work, so I sucked it up and paid the outrageous amount. I might have to stop complaining about Marriott hotels in the US charging for internet access on top of thier already inflated room rates - but probably I won't ;)The concierges were very helpful finding things, assisting with minor problems, and making arrangements. However, unless you had a specific request for a restaurant, they directed you to the on-site facilities - acceptable, but like most hotel food, uninspired, right down to the American breakfast buffet featuring Micheal Jackson, Cher, and Achy-Breaky Heart for Muzak. The food was good, but the music over-powered my memory of it. Please, someone send them a new CD! A co-worker heard the same medley the next morning.Overall, it was a very pleasant stay.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>mandeeqld
<Content>Very satisfied with this hotel Stayed at this hotel at the beginning of May. We found that the hotelwas very good in all aspects. The staff were polite and very helpful.The room was excellent, comfortable and well serviced and the view priceless. The breakfast which we had for the 5 days of our stay was an extensive buffet catering for western and asian tastes and it would be difficult to find fault with the food and the service.The hotel is well located and convenient to City Hall MRT. It is alsowithin easy walking distance of Boat Quay and Clark Quay.We had a thoroughly enjoyable stay and will not hesitate in future touse this hotel.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Toby2302
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! We stayed for 4 Nights in a Swiss Executive Room with Harbour view. Everything was great, the staff was friendly and the room very clean. The location of this hotel is just perfect (shopping mall and MRT Station right under the hotel). I would highly recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>FazSydney
<Content>fantastic hotel It was fantastic,every thing was at its best.A bit pricy but worth it.Highly recommand/  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AussieTravelholic
<Content>Excellent hotel, excellent location Spent 2 nights at this modern high rise hotel near the harbour. Great location - has a shopping mall and underground station as part of the complex. Room large, good quality furnishings etc, quiet with a small balcony. Had 2 queen sized beds. We were upgraded to a room on the 37th floor with a wonderful view over the marina end of town. Is away from the hustle and bustle of Orchard Rd but can easily get there in a few minutes by underground. Have stayed in Singapore a couple of times and prefer this quieter end of town. Plenty of shopping malls, restaurants within easy access.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aberdeen01
<Content>nice place Stayed here twice during our recent trip to Asia, was booked into the Robertson Quay(see my review), it was awful so moved here instead. the hotel is lovely, all be it a bit pricy, luckily we got a deal through my sister in law( a local) who gets discounts with the raffles group, and stayed here on a friday night very cheaply. We had a harbour view room on the 46th floor with stunning views over the CBD and Boat Quay, 2 queen beds, and a reasonably large room. They couldnt accomodate us on the Sat, so we transfered through to Raffles The Plaza and were upgraded to a suite. View not so good as not as high but very luxurious, bed sheets turned down for us, slippers on floor etc and not to mention the electric curtains-more than we are used to!returned to The Stamford a week later paying the local rate (approx 拢80pn), this time took a city view room on 44th floor. Only fault was the toilet, it had a strange odour, but housekeeping did come and spray it with bleach and we were offered a room move but for 2 nights i couldnt be bothered moving, just kept door closed and popped in a toilet block.New Asia bar on 70th floor a must if not just for the view, go when its still light but turning dark and get best of all views. Try the cocktails, and for a few dollars extra get a novelty stamford tower or merlion glass to keep.the 2 pools shared between the 2 hotels+tennis courts are on the 8th floor, plenty of sunbeds available, towels laid out on them every morning by the staff for you.had room only basis, but hotels sitting above the marketplace, lower ground of the raffles plaza shopping mall, so lots of places to buy breakfast. liked a wee place called MIX which does smoothies!Also had a family meal at Pregos, an italian restaurant at the entrance to Raffles The Plaza hotel, food very nice but cant comment on price as my brother paid!Both very well situated for sightseeing and the MRT.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>crispypata
<Content>Summer Inside my Room!       Room with a view..  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	2	3	

<Author>PaddingtonTokyo
<Content>Staff shortage?       Work space  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	2	4	-1	

<Author>Epollene
<Content>Great hotel plus shopping! We stayed at this a hotel for 3 nights on our return from Europe. We had stayed at this hotel previously. Normally I book our hotels via the hotels website but this time I booked through an agent. When I checked in I asked about the standard of the room and was advised we had a basic room. I asked for a renovated room and the reception was very happy to offer me a nicer room for no extra charge. The room was lovely, with lots of space even with 2 queen sized beds. The hotel has 2 great pools which kept our kids happy. The best for me was the hotel is adjacent to a shopping centre and very close to the subway should you want to venture elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>kay-l-gee
<Content>Good, but not great This hotel was incredibly busy when we arrived a couple of weeks before Chrismas. The room (with king bed) we'd booked was not available and neither was the 'room on a high floor' we'd requested well in advance. The distainful receptionist was unable to upgrade us as there was nothing better available, even though we were willing to pay extra, but eventually gave us the room we'd booked, grumbling all the while that we'd 'taken someone else's room'. This was the only low point of our stay. Our room was pleasant, if not quite the luxury you expect from a five star hotel in the east. The breakfast buffet was delicious with a great selection of east and west options. Equinox restaurant, on level 69, is stunning, for its decor, food and views. The hotel is well situated, particularly for the MRT and the adjoining shopping arcade is handy - particularly the little well-stocked supermarket in the basement. The Singapore Airlines 'hop-on' bus, which makes a round tour of the sights, stops close by (reduced fare with a SIA boarding pass, free on stopover packages) and is great if the humidity gets too much for walking far. We found it was also possible to walk from the hotel to all the way to the spectacular Esplanade arts centre (where there are plenty of restaurants) by way of interconnecting, air conditioned shopping malls!A useful tip: our flight was very late at night and the hotel was unable to offer us a particularly late check out. It does, however, have a complimentary guest suite with a bathroom and tea and coffee making facilities, which was was very welcome after a day sight seeing. We weren't offered use of this automatically and the hotel literature didn't seem to mention it (I discovered it from other tripadvisor reviewers) - so it is worth asking.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	1	-1	-1	

<Author>MDU
<Content>Decent hotel, good location I booked this hotel through asiarooms.com. Got a good deal for 5 star hotel including breakfast,although found out gym/steam room was not included in price. It's something that i did not expect and was disappointed with.The hotel is the 3rd tallest hotel in the Word so i was told and has a good reputation. It is an old hotel and rooms are fine, nothing special. Swimming pool area is excellent and worth a visit.The location of this hotel is excellent with MTR a minute walk away. Excellent shopping mall joins onto this hotel.Top floor(71st/72nd floor) has a club and restaurant.The view is really good.Breakfast buffet is very good.Singapore is a great place to visit especially Night Safari,Sentosa Island,Zoo and for shopping. We stayed only 2.5 days and felt 4-5 days would have been better.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Sooze-7
<Content>Absolutely fantastic place to stay My husband and I have stayed at the Swissotel The Stamford four times now. 34 nights altogether.On our last visit we took our two young children and they too loved the hotel.The staff are always very pleasant and the restaurants are very good.We have always had a high floor and the views are spectacular.If we stayed at another hotel in Singapore, I know that we would regret not going back to the Stamford.We plan on going back for a fifth time next year.The hotel has a friendly atmosphere about it and so you feel relaxed there. We love it and always recommend it to family and friends.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>siamax
<Content>Chinese New Year at Swissotel Two nights at the Swissotel on the way home from Oz seemed the perfect end to a perfect holiday. The room was huge and we had two wonderful high balconies to watch Chinese New Year fireworks, which were stunning. The bar on the 70th floor is quite superb as well, as are the waitresses. Only gripes are:They give you a price and then add local charges (like cleaning your room)The receptionists are quite unpersonal and only recommend dining at the hotel restaurants. Go to Clarke Key!!Nothing was open throughout the New Year (our fault for not checking I know).  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>truckeruk
<Content>oxygen needed We booked this hotel through Singapore Airlines Stopover Offer.At the time of booking we requested that we should have a harbour view room and the highest possible floor that we could get . Singapore Air said they would e-mail request to hotel .On arrival at hotel reception area was very busy and seemed somewhat chaotic, upon reaching front desk we were advised that there were no harbour view rooms available however if we wished to up grade we could have a harbour view suite on the 55th floor (which would now include breakfast) for an extra 拢10 per night . As we had only booked room only , 拢10 for a suite and breakfast for 2 seemed a very good deal.Room was brilliant, and the views over the harbour and the old cricket ground were out of this world, would recommend harbour view to everyone well worth the expense.The bar on floor 70 is a must food is good and the cocktails were a lot cheaper then we expected , in fact we stayed so long up there the night just disappeared .The big plus to this hotel is the fact that you have Raffles City and the Metro at the bottom of the hotel , and of course Raffles itself just across the road , Clarke Quay around the corner etc.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>xksb
<Content>Their suites are lovely I was extremely pleased with their junior suites. Very exquisite, spacious with a nice view from the 53rd floor. Their prices are reasonable and location is excellent. The only disappointment was the lack of service. According to their internet service provider, their internet was down for over 4 hours. I asked front desk to confirm whether it is down and contact me when it's fixed. No one bothered to come back to me. I also request ahead of time to separate my room expense from incidentals. They completely forgot and held me up during check-out.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Singaporess
<Content>Brilliant hotel in Ideal Location Travelling to Singapore a few times a year, I found the Swissotel to be the best hotel with the most ideal location. The hotel is connected to the popular raffles place shopping mall with an array of shops, restaurants and a terminal to the MRT. The hotel boast some of the best views of singapore which can be best seen from the amazing new asia bar on the 72 floor.I found the hotel hard to fault and will definately be back.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>B2A1C3
<Content>6th Stay in Singapore Great Hotel, friendly and helpful service, great room on 48th floor overlooking the harbour - very central location - will certainly stay again  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>subunet
<Content>Bad Experience and will never stay here again My families flew from indonesia and australia for my wedding. I initially planned to book for them park royal hotel near where my wedding was but my brother booked this hotel from 26 jan - 30 jan because he thought it had a good facilities and services.. After staying there, never would we expect that the hotel services are really bad..The worst hotel that I have ever stayed.. the staff is not friendly.. we requested for connecting rooms but instead given all different floors. The room were not clean up when we first check in and i saw a cockroach at the toilet... I do a feedback on the staff in regarding the stay. The staff is having an impatience attitude toward me... I asked for her manager direct contact.. and I specifically told her to tell her manager in regard to my feedback. When I call her manager, she was not even aware of what's happening... Manager can only listen and not taking any action. I will never ever stay in this hotel again.. In my opinion, this hotel only care abt making money .. not a customer and service oriented hotel..  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>crispy123
<Content>Fantastic service and great views       Lounge Area  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jaratpan
<Content>A bit pricey but central location and spacious room Stayed 3 nights in Swisshotel Stamford Singapore in March 2006. The hotel is centrally located in the center of Singapore with MRT subway and Starbucks on the door step, walkable distance to Suntec City, and 5 mins by MRT to Orchard Road (East). Spacious room with modern amenities and business like (cold but efficient) services. A bit pricey but still good value for money.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>OZcouplePerth
<Content>53rd floor views This is a beautiful hotel. We stayed on the 53rd floor with views of the city and river, truely breathtaking. The room was big with a balcony and good size bathroom. The hotel staff were polite and very helpful. The whole place was very service orientated. Breakfast was excellent with a wide range to choose from and varied from one day to the next.The location is excellent and the mall attached to the hotel is one of the best with a good range of shops and places to eat. A short and inexpensive taxi ride gets you to orchard road and the resturants at the marina. You could easily walk but the humidity makes a taxi ride much more enjoyable!We had a great stay and would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>MouMou
<Content>Very Basic The lobby of the hotel looks upmarket but it is clear that this hotel caters for the masses. Kind of reminds me of the Bonaventure Hotel in Los Angeles. The difference is that the facade is upgraded and looks modern. After checking in the hotel room look spartan and basic (note: I checked in on behalf of a friend who is visiting from overseas).LOCATION. The location is par excellence. It sits on top of a MRT station  a very respectable shopping mall. It is just next to Raffles The Plaza Hotel (a more upmarket hotel).FACILITIES. It shares the same swimming pool, gym facilities as well as Amrita Spa facilities as Raffles The Plaza. Everything else is the same as Raffles The Plaza, except for room ambience. Therein lies the price difference!!If you don't want to pay a lot for your hotel, but want location  good facilities, this is it!!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>LeeShrewsbury
<Content>After a Bad start it didn't get better I decided to book the Stamford as it was supposed to be a prime Singapore Hotel and I now wish I had never bothered...On arrival the porters opened the boot (trunk) of the taxi, closed it and let me get out. The Taxi drove off and to my horror my luggage was still in the taxi, considering it was 12:30 at night I wasn't too happy. The porters couldn't care less about it and luckily after 30 minutes the taxi returned with my luggage. Not a great start. The check in staff were not interested either so within 30 minutes of arrival I vowed never to stay again.The Hotel itself is a great building with excellent large clean rooms and good views with good central location in Raffles Plaza. At breakfast again I was dissapointed as the staff where rude and lazy and tables remained piled with dirty plates with people waiting to be seated. On trying to get a taxi it is so busy in this region that you can be waiting sometime, if you want one in the evening at around 6pm expect to wait an hour unless you are very lucky...I think all in all if they could train their staff properly and not rely on trade under the good name of Swissotel this would be a great place to stay but considering the price you do expect a little bit of service....  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	1	3	

<Author>housebuyer
<Content>Great Hotel, Better location.       View from the 54th floor balcony  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>MidnightMint
<Content>High up in the clouds I was staying with my sister at the Swissotel when her husband came back early from his business trip, so I found myself having to book another room on no notice. I tried to book via a travel website, they confirmed but later rejected my email. I had only received the confirmation email so I kicked up a real fuss when Swissotel staff could not find my booking. One of their managers took me to their office level so I could use a computer free of charge to try to sort out the booking mess. I was mortified when I discovered that it was the travel website that had mucked up. The manager was still nice and polite to me. They gave me a slightly discounted rate as my sister was a long-stay guest in another room, and they knew I hadnt expected to have to book my own accommodation. I was given a room on the 55th floor, and the view was fantastic. My sister was on the 19th floor and the view was very average. I would recommend putting a request in for a high-level floor, however this isnt a good idea for those that are afraid of heights or elevators. I'd go up so high in the elevator, my ears would pop! The room was very nice, perfectly clean, with good facilities and a balcony. Their buffet breakfasts are great - lots of things to choose from, and a glass frontage so you could see when the morning sun shower had finished. Nice pool area. The best thing about this hotel is that you are right above a huge shopping centre, and an underground tube station. However if you're one to be paranoid about terrorist attacks, I'd stay away from this hotel. Otherwise it's fantastic, highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	2	

<Author>HS1
<Content>Good Location  Stayed here in December for a week on a business trip. I arrived at around midnight and check-in took half an hour which didn't impress me after my long flight. Nevertheless, the room was clean and spacious with excellent views across the city. The hotel was located within the Raffles City Shopping Centre which was handy, especially because there was a supermarket downstairs. Also the MRT station was within the complex making it easy to get around.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>Smile07
<Content>Great View, Great Service! For anyone who's looking to travel to Singapore, I would definitely recommend the Stamford. Strategically located in the heart of the city, the stamford boasts breathtaking views of the city's main attractions and the shopping centres are all within walking distance. At first, I was worried about the cleanliness of the hotel, however, even though the furntiture wasn't state-of-art, the rooms (especially the bathroom) were well maintained and always clean. Room service was impeccable, which made our stay at the hotel even more relaxing. I even went for a massage at the Amrita Spa, and couldn't help but indulge myself in one with the most soothing massage experiences ever. I would definitely recommend this hotel and I hope you enjoy your trip as much as I did! Money well spent and lots of fond memories!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>dr_iggy
<Content>noisy renovations Stayed at this hotel for two nights 3-5 December. Woken on the first morning (Sunday) by hammering and drilling at 7am!! There was no advance warning of any renovations. Was told by the assistant manager that renovations would only be going on between 9 and 6, and he would advise the contractors to stop. This didn't happen. After requesting a room change I was told that there were no vacancies at this 1100+ room hotel. Half an hour later, and after two more calls, a new room, a little further away from the renovations was found. Like my previous room, it was nothing special, with ripped carpet and and tired furniture, though clean enough.Overall, I found the staff to be rude and unhelpful, especially the reception staff, and the porter who was sent to help me change rooms.Given the size of the hotel, renovations are being carried out constantly, so make sure you are as far away from them as possible. Be aware, however, that the staff will often only tell you want they think you want to hear.Hotel restaurants are expensive and of variable quality - try the eateries in the shopping centre, or go further afield, for better value.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Gafia
<Content>Breathtaking views, excellent location We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights from 29th October 2006 at the start of a long trip. The location is excellent, in the heart of the city, right on top of the Raffles City Shopping Plaza and the MRT so you can get to anywhere in the city but the taxis were also cheap and clean and there were always taxis outside. We found this really useful as it felt far too hot and humid for long walks anywhere during the day.The rooms were really comfortable and well furnished and the bathrooms adequate rather than luxurious. We managed to get a deal and had a room on one of the executive floors (58) which had a stunning view We'd paid only a few dollars more than the standard room rate and it ssaved us a lot of money especially given the price of drinks in Singapore! The executive floor provides breakfast including hot food, biscuits and tea or coffee all day and snacks and alcoholic drinks between 5 and 9 in the evening.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>zmrzlina
<Content>Good views Only stayed one day. Pros: good clean room. Got upgraded without asking. Stunning views. Allowed me to leave my luggage after I checked out, though I had to wait a long time to be served. Probably a bit pricey for what I got, but I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>widi
<Content>Not good for early check in but great view       Bath  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	2	3	4	

<Author>sanjiws
<Content>Pleasant I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Singapore, and I probably would stay there again. The concierge service was reliable, efficient, informative, and thoughtful. The folks at the reception were also helpful, but sometimes the lines are quite long to get to a person--if you need immediate assistance in that case, pop over to the concierge.Your luggage--you might have to carry your own bags to your room and let yourself in when you check in. I only had one bag so it didn't bother me--especially I was not sure how to tip in Singapore and I wanted some privacy, I was glad for this, but those travelling with children and/or lots of luggage might want to check with the front desk about getting some assistance checking in and out.The room I had (on the 14th floor) was very big and thoughtfully laid out. A big bonus was that there was an iron and ironing board in the room which I really found handy. There is also a hotpot, for anyone who wants to boil water and drink it (or have tea/coffee in the room). The linen was very clean, white and spotless (and comfortable). The bathroom was very big. The only complaint I have was that the commode had a highly dubious brown splotch on the seat. I disinfected it and put a disposable toilet seat cover on it since I am rather finiky and that put me off.Breakfast is served in two restaurants on the 2nd floor. Those with schedules to keep up should try to go before 8:30am otherwise there is a long queue to both. The staff members at the restaurants were efficient and friendly.There is a shopping mall attached to the hotel, which is fantastic. There are reasonable places to eat in the mall, and from the shopping center you can get to the metro (train, tube, whatever you like to call it). I would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>WMBTraveller
<Content>Not Impressed I stayed at the Swissotel Singapore for 3 nights from 3-6 Nov 2006. Parking is not complimentary for guests. Upon arrival I was directed by the bellboy to park in the parking lot but was never told that parking at the hotel was chargeable at S$2 per hour. A day later when I asked I was informed of the parking rates and told that if I valet parked I would be charged S$9 per day. I鈥檓 surprised that parking is not complimentary given the hefty room price and the fact that I was never informed and directed to the parking by hotel staff. They recovered somewhat by making that one day of parking complimentary (the day that it was accumulating rates at S$2 per hour) but only after I complained excessively. The concierge was terrible. She did not know about a major arts festival down the road at City Hall. She was unable to give directions to the second link (i.e. the bridge) to Malaysia. The room was clean and view was great. Bathroom was basic and cleaning services poor (especially the bathroom). You were supposedly required to insert the room key card in the elevator to get to your floor but in practice you never needed to insert the key card (not much security). A lot of the shortcomings could be forgiven for a lesser hotel but not at these room rates  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	4	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>Portugal_Paul
<Content>Excelent for business and leisure Stayed there from 30th Oct till 2nd Nov during a business trip. My second time in Singapore. Upon check in I asked for a harbour view room in a high floor and got one on the 41st. Spacious and very quite room (stayed in the 4172 twin, even with single occupancy) and bath (water pressure is understandably low, since you are sky high). Slippers, bathrobe, iron+board, customizable AirCond, choice of pillows, easy-to-set alarm, electronic do-not-disturb button, quick dry-cleaner, quick check in and check out, helpful valet and taxi-hailing service are just a few of the very pleasant surprises.Checkout is until 1PM, but if you have a late flight out of Singapore, you can ask for a late checkout (not available this time due to fully-booked status) or access to the hospitality lounge (a shared room in the 8th floor, where you (and others) can refresh and relax).Breakfast in the 2nd floor is either in the SwissCafe (bigger, louder, more food-choices) or the asian-inspired Copi Tiam (where they try to get you to go, because the SwissCafe is most of the times full), which is good for a change.This is a self-contained complex, with 2 hotels (Stamford+Plaza), 15 restaurants+bars, a conference centre (4th floor), an 8th floor SPA (extra charge) and a 4 level shopping-mall (except the NewYork Metropolitan Museum of Art shop, nothing to crave about). Eat out at one of the street Hawkers, which are clean, safe and full of local cuisineWalking distance to everything of interest for leisure (Boat Quay, Clarke Quay, Esplanade, Asian Civ Museum), Shopping (next door Chijmes is excellent for ethnic artwork; 10 min walk to Orchard Road or Sim Slim Square+Funan for IT stuff); ethnic diversity sightseeing/shopping (Chinatown, Little India, Arab Quarter) or business (Central Business District, Big Corporate Offices on Bridge Road or Suntec).If you manage to get a room in a high floor, then don鈥檛 bother going to the 70-72 floor restaurants and bars, since the view is not so much different then from your room and the price-service relation is below what you can get elsewhere.Don鈥檛 miss the next door Raffles Hotel. Pure luxury. Indulge in the buffet lunch and feel like a maharaja for a couple of hours.15 min to the airport (even in rush our) cost you either 21 SingDollar (standard taxi) or 35 (limo-service).Would definitely stay here again and recommend this to all my colleagues and friends without hesitation.The only neg was a bar-charge I never did, but they tried to pin on my invoice upon check-out. Since they couldn't produce a signed receipt, the took it out at once.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>bloodbubble
<Content>Great location!       Hazy view from our balcony  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>gags9999
<Content>Up in the sky       Room opening out to the balcony.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>London-Travella
<Content>Great views (harbour view room, 57th floor)       City view at dusk from the balcony on the 57th floor (harbour view rooms)  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	1	

<Author>menome
<Content>Nice place This place had a good location, stayed at level 19 which was ok, depending on the side of the hotel you stay the view varies. I did not have a great view, just of some buildings. (I prefer water or something like that). The bed was a lot bigger than the normal bed ie. single was more like a double, and double was more like a queen and the bed was comfy... quite happy with these aspects. The rooms probably need a bit of upgrading in terms of the age of the furniture, but nothing unbearable. The bathroom was just like any other hotel, shower in a bath tub (i prefer seperate bathtub and shower). I didn't really test out the service, though the concierge was helpful when I asked him about location of shops, tours and certain little particulars I needed for the room. The breakfast was pretty good had an alright range of food, but if you spend more than 4 days in this hotel, then the food will become a bit standard. Overall, I think there is not much to complain about this hotel, although for the price I would probably stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>IvanaM
<Content>Stay in Style!!!       the LObby  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>akn
<Content>loved this hotel From reading reviews about this hotel we knew to ask for a room above 38th floor. We got one on 51st without a problem. Excellent views of harbour/city. Great illuminations at night. very central, next door to Raffles and attached to Raffles City shopping Mall which was fantastic for shopping and food ...cafes/restaurants of every sort. The Chimjes complex across the road....lots of shops and restaurants in very nice ambiance. Both breakfast restaurants very good.We were travelling home on a night flight and they gave us a late check out at 4pm. Altogether an excellent stay.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Calbiry
<Content>Great stay, very roomy, no complaints I've stayed at this hotel at least four times now, and never been disappointed. On my most recent stay the reception staff were friendly - when they couldn't find my reservation initially they apologised with a room upgrade that gave me the roomiest corner suite I'd ever stayed in. Room service was fantastic - the meals were delicious and the maids discreet and thorough. Given that the hotel is the tallest in Asia, the views are fantastic and better than you'd get at any other location in Singapore, even Mt Faber. Newspapers are delivered each morning and the quality of the room fit-out is superb. If I had to complain about anything, I would point out that there is only one roll of toilet paper in each room, and that your ears must pop several times in the lift due to the height of the building.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ZRacer
<Content>No complaints with Swissotel As part of a stopover on our way to Turkey, we stayed one night at this hotel. We were greeted by a modern style hotel and friendly staff. The hotel was interconnected to a large shopiing mall. Location was great but required a taxi ride to Orchard Road if you really wanted to get amongst the shops.Could not fault the service by the staff and the room was clean and with a great view from the 59th floor. As our plane did not leave until midnight its was great having a late checkout as well as the use of a room to watch tv have a cup of coffee and a shower is you wanted. This was provided up until when we departed for the airport at 9.00pmThe only thing that was disappointing was the costs for a cup of coffee in the restaurant, ouch!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gabchong
<Content>Great location Great location. Right smack at Raffles City. Actually you never have to be outside because you go fromyour room to the shopping mall to MRT all indoors. I thought the rooms were nicer then the Raffles Plaza. They are sister hotels and this is suppose to be less classy. The only downside is that you have to pay if you want to use the Spa which they share with the Raffles Plaza. Cost S$21, which is rather steep.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't have picked better. When we first arrived the foyer looked quite plain and business like, but when we were shown our room we knew we had made the right choice of hotel. Get a harbour view room and you can't go wrong (we got an upgrade as part of a package). Deluxe rooms look over the pool and at another hotel, but harbourview is just specacular. Uninterupted postcard views of the city and the convention centre. The room was comfortable and looked recently renovated. Another plus is the hotel is built over a shopping centre and MRT station so you don't have to walk to far for transport. The Raffles is right next door. The pool area wasn't too bad, plenty of lounges, a bit too much concrete, but probably the best city pool weve seen. Overall I think probably one of the best for the view and for being central.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravlnTwins
<Content>Nice hotel but the fitness center a disappointment Hotel was very nice, clean with good service. Was quite disappointed to be charged Sing $21 (US$14) to use the fitness center for one day. Use of the fitness center is expected within the cost of the room.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>non_sh
<Content>Great View of the Skyline of Singapore My gf and I stayed @ the hotel for the Easter Weekend. As recommended by some of the previous reviews on this very site, I asked for a high floor room and they were able to accomodate me with a room on the 42/F. My first impression of the room was that it was very spacious. It got a nice balcony and you can go outside and enjoy the nice skyline of Singapore. I opened my curtains most of the time so that I can catch the view. The bed was a very comfortable one, something you would expect from a five star. The breakfast was excellent (highly recommended) but the line-ups for omellettes is quite long and it would be nice if they have an extra cook there. The hotel is located in the heart of Singapore. The subway is just underneath and there is a underground mall that link you to Suntec. You can pretty much walk to most of the tourist attractions and even if you are too lazy to walk, taking the taxi is not expensive.The services by their staff is pretty much what you would normally expect which unlike some of the other hotel staff in eg.) Bangkok; staff in Stamford don't go that extra mile to make you feel more welcomed.... and this was the only reason why I rate this hotel a four not a five.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>antonyb
<Content>for businesspeople not tourists Very ambivalent re this hotel which is not as pleasing as it used to be given the cost. refurbishment deterioration.Magniificent site with rail station at front door  Raffles City shopping centre at back which has everything, food halls ,supermarket,internet outlet, many shops..The problem is the aesthetically unattractive unappealing barren foyer - no chairs for waiting when queues at reception, no colour , nothing Asian. And the noise level at reception  foyer so loud I couldn't hear the receptionist because of the awful acoustic plus a thumping pianiste. It was always crowded  too noisy as was the first floor restaurant where food was just average. The fact that Singapore has full employment was reflected in the disinterested attitude of the men looking after luggage .Once on the 58 floor excellent - large well serviced room with a great harbor view. Most obliging  helpful room staff.Will stay again because of its location but avoid the foyer as much as possible.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>aj1_uk
<Content>fab hotel       view of harbour from bedroom window  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kauriNewZealand
<Content>Great place Arrived 5 hours before check in. Reception checked us in early and gave us a room upgrade due to length of stay (8 days)-all for free. Found ourselves on the 61st floor. Room service excellent. Ice bucket filled nightly with bed turn down and choccies! Great views. Handy to MRT and the CBD (less walking or taxi fares)Room was excellent. Well maintained and clean.They would return at a time that suited you to clean the room. I've never expected a hotel to supply me with a toothbrush!Staff were always pleasant and helpful.Breakfast was included in the price. The Swiss cafe on level 2 for breakfast(opened mid March) is a bit short on service, considering the rating of the hotel-but it is buffet style.Food-wise, it has something for everyone.Hotel allowed an extended check out time free of charge. They could not have been more helpful.Only criticism was the charge for the gym. We left March 30th.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Kerryman92
<Content>Great hotel - just don't be afraid to complain My partner and I stayed in the Swissotel for 5 days on a recent visit to Singapore. We had an excellent stay and really enjoyed it. We are on a 6 month journey through Australia and SE Asia and it was one of the nicest hotels we stayed in. However I can understand some of the negative comments and I am very grateful to the review 'One hotel, very different standards'. We checked in after midnight on a very long journey from Luang Prabang. We were given a very mediocre room on the 9th floor (stained carpets, dull lighting, general poor standard). While on this trip we have learned to complain and not to accept poor quality. I would advise everyone to do this. Without any discussion we were transferred to a room on the 48th floor. I had originally booked a standard room (101 Euro as per Asiarooms). This new room proved to be a harbour view room (127 Euro) but we were not charged anything extra. It was a wonderful room and really enhanced our stay. Remember - don't settle for second best, always complain!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MsSG
<Content>Terrible Hotel At first looking at swissotel,i was impressed by the structure and its height,but after staying there for 1 night,i am utterly dissapointed by the service and the room.We paid like 500SGD+++ for a standard room,which was not even as good as fullerton or other 4-5 star hotels,but the price was very steep.We suspected the staff had miscalculated the numbers of days we had stayed there(instead of 1 night,he registered 2).My bf clarified before paying and they mentioned that we checked in late(11pm).It was not even 12hours that we stayed in that hotel before we left.We left at 8am the next morning.I wanted to get a refund but my bf told me not to make a fuss over it.I still think,it was not worth the money because the ugly room is not worth the amount we paid.First of all,the staffs was not very helpful and they seemed to be in dazed and confused.When we got into the room,it was very basic.The carpets was quite old and dirty and through the windows,we saw construction sites.It was not a romantic sight for couples.The bath tub was small and there was no toothbrush.Everything looked old inside the room.The queen sized bed was big but hard.The breakfast had little choices and very simple.This hotel shouldn't be called a 4-5 star hotel.I will never go back to that hotel and will try hotels in marina/boat quay/clarke quay or orchard area,that have a better standard for 4-5 star.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Stayed at the Stamford twice now.Its got everthing you need.Fabulous pool,great restaurants,central to everthing.Wonderful staff.Look forward to the next visit.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hea27
<Content>affordable indulgence Price: 150SGD/night incl. full breakfast booked onlineLocation: excellent, cheap cab ride from airport, near raffles hotel, central to all sites.Reception: Excellent, staff very friendly and polite.Rooms: Disappointing at first as room smelled musty and a little unclean, plenty of space, great view, bathroom great sizeBreakfast: Superb, excellent value, fantastic selection, beautifully presented.Pros: All of the above! Great cafe in lobby, hotel lobby joined to shopping plaza. Amarita spa excellent.Cons: Room wasn't at the same level as the excellent service and vibe in the lobby.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One Hotel, Very Differennt Standards This hotel is owned by Raffles International, who also own the one and only Raffles Hotel Singapore, along with sister hotel to the Stamford, The Raffles Plaza.Sadly, the Swissotel does not live up to the and reputation created by it's relatively new owners. In fact if anyone from 'Raffles Holdings' stayed in any of the rooms below the 38th floor, I think that they would be very embarrased indeed! Once tallest hotel in Asia, the rooms are certainly that. No-one can say that they don't have great views! Which is just as well, as the the hotel seems to be split into two halves. Get a room on the 38th floor and above and you will have spectacular views, along with a 'refreshed' room. New carpets, curtains, soft furnishings and beds with white duvets, along with new look and more mordern bathrooms, make for a pleasant stay.Below the 38th floor and your in for a diffent kind of stay. The rooms are a disgrace. Fithy window nets, dirty carpets and curtains along with shabby bedcoverings and poor room maintenace. The bathrooms are tired but clean, as are the white sheets on the bed. However, the rooms are well overdue a refurbishment.The hotel does however, have a fantastic pool, gym and SPA. Unfortunately, whilst use of the pool is free there is a charge for the gym and SPA of SG$21 The above said, the hotel is in a great location for the MTR, Raffles Hotel, Chimes, The Opera House, Waterfront and Boat Key.With one of Singapore's best and highest bars on the top floor, the 'New Asia Bar' makes for pleasant drink, if you can cope with the poor service!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seeingtheworld7
<Content>Excellent Swissotel My friend and I stayed at the Swissotel on a stop over on our way to New Zealand. Two days out and 1 1/2 days back to the U.K.We found the location ideal for Raffles City. The service was excellent.On our return visit we arrived at the hotel at 7.00am on the morning after an overnight flight from Auckland. Our allocated room was not ready for occupation but reception could see we were in need in a shower and a rest and we were given an alternative room without any bother for which we were both very appreicative.The choice of food for breakfast was excellent and as we were on a stop over deal a 50% discount was offered.Summarising I would definitely stay at the Swissotel again and certainly recommend it to friends.Thank you all at the hotel for excellent and always polite service.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Blossom55
<Content>Better by far tha expected After having read some of the recent negative reviews, was pleasantly surprised by the experience of staying at the Stamford. Apart from being in an excellent location and having good facilities and services either on site or nearby, the hotel itself proved to be a clean and well kept environment for myself and seven other family members for a family reunion. I cannot comment on the ordinary rooms. We reserved the Executive club facilities at S$330 per night. This rate included breakfast (which was adequate and plentiful) in the Executive Club lounge, Early evening (5pm to 8pm)complimentary drinks, again in the Club lounge and complimentary daily access to the Amrita Spa facilities (Spa, sauna, steam room, complementary toiletries provided  hairdryers etc. As additional expenses on the basic room, breakfast would have cost S$30 and access to the spa S$25 per day, so the larger rooms and additional facilities certainly made for a pleasant stay at a favourable price for this category of hotel. Staff were efficient, courteous and helpful and all levels of staff were mostly very sociable and friendly. The restaurant Jaan,(modern French)on the 70th floor, though potentially very expensive had magnifcent views, interesting decor and a S$35 3-course luncheon which was excellent value for money. All 8 of u from UK and Australia Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>andhope
<Content>Beautiful hotel, Great service!       third view from hotel room  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Chummy
<Content>Actually, not as bad as we thought!       Merlion picture taken from our balcony.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Caravaggio
<Content>3rd rate hotel Swissotel Stamford is one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at. For the price we paid (more than US$135 a night), my boyfriend and I were appalled (to say the least) at the level of service at this so-called 5-star hotel. We arrived close to 1:00 am as our plane landed after midnight, and there was no one to help us with our luggage. It took nearly 20 min. for us to register as the receptionist was not ready to meet us. The wineglasses and other items on the room bar and the TV were covered in dust. The bedsheet was not clean. There were hairs on the bathroom toilet. After I had my shower the following morning, I discovered that the bath towels were musty! Breakfast was one of the worst I've had, but the service of the restaurant staff was the worst. One waiter spilled tea on our table. He simply walked away without a word of apology or indication that he would clean up the mess. The top floor bars were closed (although they were supposed to be open until 1:00 am), without prior advice to hotel guests, and when we inquired we were given conflicting reasons (either the hotel staff did not know or they were deliberately lying). The bell boys were not helpful at all. These are but a few of our bad experiences at this hotel. Needless to say, it marred our experience of Singapore. We will definitely not return, and we will not recommend this hotel to anyone. If I can give no rating at all (as in, worse than terrible) I would.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>litekimchi
<Content>The Stamford was OK Overall, I found my stay at the Stamford OK. The staff were professional--I especially liked the bellboy who assisted me during check out. He was very friendly and very helpful. Too bad I never got his name.The rooms were spacious for somebody staying alone. It provided for different kinds of tea, but only enough for two cups of coffee. It had your usual business hotel amenities--internet access (which was expensive), iron and ironing boards, heating kettle, an alarm clock that doubled as a control station for the lights, A/C, TV and Radio (the tv plays the radio) and a complimentary shoe shine service. I wasn't impressed with the bathroom--something I am critical of, especially when staying in luxury/business hotels. It didn't feel clean enough, and there were stains on the tub. I did appreciate the fact that they provided me with many towels (but which I didn't use much--I normally bring my own. I am wary of hotel towels!) They looked and smelled clean, though.I was just disappointed that I was assigned a 12th floor room.The breakfast was OK, I've had worse. Besides, I normally prefer a continental, anyway, when out on trips abroad--but I venture to taste local delights and specialties whenever I have the appetite for it. It could improve on variety, though. They, for example, only offer 3 kinds of juices--orange, pink guava and grapefruit. While their baked goodies were aplenty, some didn't taste appetizing at all. I also hope that they could find a more efficient and effective way of keeping the food warmer. I was travelling with my boss, who didn't like the place at all. He does tend to be very critical about his hotels. He didn't like the smell of the carpet (it wasn't that bad, but it did smell a bit old), he didn't like the breakfast at all--the tables at the Stamford Cafe were covered with white paper! Kopitiam provided a relatively better breakfast, but it opened later. The Cafe opened at 6:30am, Kopitiam opens an hour later.I think the hotel's best quality is its location. It was raining during my stay in Singapore (2nd week of January), but I was still able to move around and get to the Suntec City and the Esplanade. The hotel is connected to the City Hall MRT, Raffles City Shopping Center, Raffles the Plaza, and the CityLink Shopping Mall, which linked the above stated to the Marina, the Esplanade and Suntec City (where the Fountain of Wealth is located). And because it was near malls, changing money was not much of a problem. For those staying here, there's a DBS Bank at the Raffles City Shopping Complex, which is just across Chjimes. Banking hours: 8:30am-4:30pm. There's a mall concierge if you need help on anything.The next time I'm in town, I'd probably look for another hotel--I've seen better reviews of others.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Carla123
<Content>Not good... On arrival had a bad experience with the front desk who had my reservation all mixed up. He thought I was arriving a day later and leaving the following day when I was actually staying for four nights. I booked with Asiarooms and clearly someone made a mistake. My confirmation and voucher from the hotel proved my dates to the man who replied this is the nightly rate to which I reminded him that I had pre-paid. The following day I went back to the front desk to ask everything was cleared up to which the receptionist new nothing about and nothing had been sorted. The following evening I went again and was told it was all fine, they had not come back to me so I took it upon my self.The room had no view and the linen and towels were badly stained. The cleaner however was very friendly and the room was never seen to be like this again. In addition hair in the bath tub.The breakfasts had little variety and more often then not the hot selection was cold.The only plus was location which was indeed fantastic.Would not return.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Liverbird1
<Content>Loved The Stamford, Loved Singapore!       Hotel as seen from the road  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JetsettingOzpatriot
<Content>Holiday Treat       View from our room on the 41st floor  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sankar
<Content>Great Location, Great View, Little else I stayed 3 nights at an executive room at the Stamford. Being one of the tallest hotels around, you are bound to have a great view, and the balcony definitely helps (do avoid stepping out if you have even a mild case of vertigo)! Location right above City Hall subway means you can get virtually anywhere in Singapore very quickly. Rooms are decent, but a touch of renovation is due. There were some small issues which i wouldn't expect in the exectutive floor of a hotel of this stature : The bathroom had a slight 'drain' smell and some stains are present, the in-room safe and the telephone had problems. The elevators are woefully inadequate and you can expect a long wait for one, and when you do get one, you are likely to have quite a few stops on the way to or from the ground floor. The service was mixed. The girl who served me at check in staff was very friendly and helpful, and so were the excellent bell desk staff. The executive club serves a very basic breakfast and has pretty average staff, and i would have expected the hotel to place the better staff there. There was a dour-faced lady at the reception there and an even more dour-faced lady serving inside - not really the first faces you want to see every morning. And I had to pay for internet access even at the executive floors, which was a tad surprising - but you may get free wireless internet if you step out onto the balcony and are not staying at a very high floor. Overall, I would say it was disappointing for a raffles brand hotel at this price - were it 30-40% cheaper, I wouldn't be complaining.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StillPhone
<Content>Love it...       Room  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>member078
<Content>Very dissapointing for a 5 star hotel Just got back from a 6 night stay here. I originally chose this hotel because of the location and the good rate i was given.However when I went to check in i noticed that the rate was actually much higher then what i was told. They add extra tax that you dont know about until you get the bill.Dont believe the pictures on the website, the rooms look NOTHING like this!! I was given a room on the 56th floor and was promised a riverview, instead I got views of building work,suntec city and a quarter of the river! A few times i found little ants crawling round near the bedside cabinet, apart from this the room was clean. I expected so much better for a 5 star and was very dissapointed. the reception staff were not very helpful. breakfast was average, there should be more choice.The best part about this hotel is the excellent location, City hall MRT is right on the doorstep and suntec city a few mins walk.Overall i wouldnt stay here again, for the same money you can stay at a much better hotel. i would rate this hotel an average 3 star.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average services--dissapointing for a 5 star hotel The stay was meant to be a menigful stay as I was supposed to celebrate National Day,The check-in was extremely slow although there were only a few guest.The hotel interior looks worn and needs to be refurbished altough our room on the 43TH story had a great view.The room we were given was a smoking one although I specified for a non smoking room.We were being brought to Kopi-Tiam for breakfast altough we preffered to have it at Stamford Cafe.The breakfast for the child was charged although it was meant to be complimentary--the manager was nonchalant when we wanted to explain the situation. It was later being waived during check-out.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>2	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 star I have stayed here a number of times and have always found the hotel to be wonderful, excellent views, large modern rooms.The only down side is the elevators, because the place is so big you can wait for what seem like ages for a lift.Hotel is also full of QANTAS and British Airways crew.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kentan8
<Content>Excellent value for your money          breakfast cafe at second level  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>vine
<Content>Hope it gets better! I just asked for a quote for two rooms all inclusive and was given SGD270/room per night. SO I confirmed and gave my credit card and confirmation including taxes  service. However receiving notice back it was actaully $314/room/night that was charged as they applied tax over and above even though there quote was supposed to include it - hope it gets better once we are there!!!!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't fault this hotel I arrived at the hotel early evening with my 13 year old daughter as a break from a long trip from the UK to Australia. Checking in was a breeze with helpful staff and porterage.We arrived in our room and thought it to be quite luxurious and we were on a lower floor in a standard room, but i could not fault the room in any way, 2 queen size beds, lots of space, a clean and tidy bathroom and more than adequate for our needs.The beauty of this hotel is the MRT system is adjacent to the hotel and can be accessed without having to go outside, if it is hot or raining. Also the shopping and food courts below the hotel are fantastic and made things so much easier when travelling with a child.Breakfast was wonderful, the staff very courteous and polite and the selection to me was quite sufficient for our needs.I found that airline staff stayed in this hotel which to me gives the feeling that if airline crew prefer this hotel it must be a good one.The view from our room was not what i would call brilliant but who stays in a motel for the view, i stayed here for the convenience of the location.I am heading back in June 2006 with friends and have already advised them that this is where we are staying. Great service .  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>unclejames
<Content>Good location, but a bit disappointing       Just round the corner is a jeweller with amusing name  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ok good location but Well I stayed here with my family in Apirl of this year took ages trawling the web to find a good hotel thought that I had BUT on checking in after a long flight from England had to queue for what seemed like hours only to be given a very mediocre room in a dingy part of the hotel looking out at a brick wall. I complained bitterly and explained that this just wouldn;t do. THe girl that originally gave us the room was very surly indeed and I think we probably got off on the wrong foot hence the poor rooms. However after complaining we were give 2 adjoining rooms on the 57th floor which had fantastic views huge room and more than adequate for our needs. The breadfast was very boring and not what you would expect for a 5 star hotel or thats what it likes to think it is. If you don;t mind sharing your holiday with Jet lagged Airline crew then this is the place for you. THe only positive thing I could say is the location is fabulous right on top of a fantastic shopping mall and direct access to the MRT this is wonderful. I probably would stay here again if only for location not for anything else. I would also insist on a room above the 57th floor as anything less is very poor and in need of refurbishment. Hope its useful.   
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>mad4travel
<Content>Going downhill I stayed here in Jan 2002 and again in Oct 2004. I would consider the hotel to have gone downhill in that time. In October we checked in around 9pm, check in took ages, it did not appear that they had our booking for 2 rooms so were searching around for the second room. The staff were not very friendly. I went to my room and found it had not been cleaned so had to sit there for another half an hour while they found me another.The fixtures and fittings are now looking dated.The restaurants for breakfast were horribly busy and we had to wait 20 mins to be seated for a distinctly average breakfast.For a 4/5 star hotel it could do much better  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JessicaBN
<Content>Average I have stayed in this hotel twice now, it is OK, the spa and gym are very good if you like that sort of thing. It is just a big busy business hotel, if you are looking for something intimate forget this hotel.There are some rooms with a very nice view of the Theatre and harbour, but the rooms on the other side are very disappointing. The rooms are quite comfortable but need re-vamping desperately, they were desinged by some one who is an 80's throwback. On both occaisions the tap in the bathroom has been dripping, which was rather irritating.Room Service is OK quality, nothing special.It has a very nice bar at the top of the building with great views of Singapore, where it seems most of the flight crew in Singapore drink.I will be staying there again, as it is used by my company but not by choice. It is a reasonable price for OK quality.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Nonprofit_traveller
<Content>Great location, nice room in a BIG hotel! This is a big and busy hotel, so if you are looking for warm and personal service it's not for you. However, the rooms are very spacious and in good order, and the view of Singapore was terrific. I could see Raffles and the Singapore Cricket Club from my room. I stayed on the executive level - 58th floor, and had access to their lounge -- free breakfast and evening drinks and snacks. If you can get a good rate, this service is definitely worth it. Breakfast was quite good, staff pleasant, though busy.The bathrooms might be less than adequate for two people (only one sink), but they are very clean and nicely done and the shower was good. The only real criticism I have is that the bed was a little too hard for my taste. If you like plush pillow-top mattresses, look elsewhere.I found the desk staff very pleasant, but there are often long lines at reception and crowds at the concierge desk. Many airline personnel stay here, but they have their own check-in desk. I ate in their top floor restaurant one night -- very good meal, super service, fabulous view. The presence of the shopping mall next door was quite handy -- the crepe cafe in the food court is especially good. I recommend the grocery store on the lower level for good prices on Singapore gifts to take home.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>daisycutter
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyed it We stayed 3 nights in early March 2005. Our room on the 57th floor was extremely comfortable with great views over Singapore Harbour and Boat Quay area. We found all staff from reception, room cleaning, breakfast and the Kopi Tiam restaurant to be warm, friendly and very helpful. Our only complaint would be that staff in the New Asia bar were quite cold and impersonal.The hotel is excellently located with the City Hall MRT station being directly below and we used this great system to get around Singapore. Would have no hesitation based on our experience to stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sean088
<Content>AVERAGE - WHEN IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN GOOD An average end to a fantastic trip. My wife and I decided to have a pleasant splurge after a very busy 2004.So we stayed for a couple of nights in the Shangrila and Four Seasons in Bangkok and a few of nights at the Sofitel in Hua Hin and then at the Anantara at Hua Hin. Accomodation was full hence the moves. On the way back to Oz we decided to have a couple of nights and stay at the Swissotel, of which we had read good things. The closest thing I could describe the experience to is what is called a no service hotel in Japan. The difference is that the service is friendly in Japan.We had:* surly check-in, where the room that had been confirmed was not available, ie we had booked and had confirmation of a double room. We were upgraded to a twin. The check-in person stated that it was on the executive club level. But we could not use the executive club. That is, not an upgrade at all, just the wrong room. She also said that the room had two queen sized beds. We thought this would be OK; except the rooms had two single1/2 size beds. The check-in person then quoted us the wrong rates, twice - we ended up fishing the booking confirmation out of our luggage in the end. The person next to us checking in was having a heated arguement about his booking. Instead of taking the person to the side or to an office the check-in people continued to argue with that person. In the end we decided to keep the room; we were tired and hungry and wanted to get dinner so that we could go to bed.* the lobby looked like a rugby tour had hit, there were bags and people and stuff all over the place, no sense of calm or order or control. As you proceeded to the check-in the were ropes as if you were queuing to get an airline ticket. Surely some more staff would be the answer to this problem not a queuing system.* once we got our key no one directed us to where the rooms were, and we asked another member of staff that person did not know as they only worked at the lobby area.* our room was average - true - a great view., but that is about it. One of the 11/2 beds had been turned down and the pillows positioned in the middle. We actually first thought that someone must have been using the room. But then realised that someone probably had moved and that the hotel had not returned the room to its normal state.* the next night someone came in to turn the room down; they had screwed up the bed covers and stuffed them between the bed and the walls. I have pictures of this.* there were tiles missing in thebathroom between the light bulkhead and the tiled walls. I have pictures of this too.* the cistern of the toilet leaked when the toilet was flushed* the airconditioning went off during the night; my wife and I both woke up in a pool of sweat. * the room was at 57 floors high. Quiet you would think. No! This is at exactly the same level as the AC unit for the other part of the Raffles city plaza. This is my guess why there was probably a migration to another room by the previous occupant before we had been upgraded. My further guess is that this is kept for other upgrades* there was a connecting door to the next room, for families and the like. At 1.00pm for some reason somebody tried to open the door not once but a number of times. One cannot blame the hotel for this one but it contributed to our sense of unease.* the breakfast was average. On the second morning we did not even bother but decided to buy it the airport.* the only smile or the like that we got over the whole of our stay was at the end from the doorman as he wished us farewell. Sums up the stay I suppose.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will stay again ...   showReview(3026703, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JKWD
<Content>Excellent hotel and spa   showReview(2820253, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended   showReview(2699414, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>avidtraveller
<Content>We really liked it   showReview(2586310, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>6andy6
<Content>You can get a view of the 80's   showReview(2521748, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I will not stay there again   showReview(2480292, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PickyCat
<Content>The terrible room with a view   showReview(2458268, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AvidVisitor
<Content>Tired rooms need renovation and maintenance   showReview(2332834, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth it for the views alone!   showReview(2320782, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TITraveller
<Content>Highly Recommended !   showReview(2216973, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovetravelling87
<Content>Plut么t d茅cevant   showReview(23167464, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	3	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐪恒倎銇渶楂樸仹銇椼仧   showReview(22855362, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mihiyuiemi
<Content>渚垮埄銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(21140697, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈備究鍒┿仹銇椼仧   showReview(21745300, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶╃┖銇煄   showReview(21744414, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>銇ㄣ亾銇ｃ仧
<Content>绉诲嫊銇究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(20549006, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑹亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚銈堛€?#x201d;   showReview(20753426, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>瀵嗘灄榛掑叺琛?> 瀵嗘灄榛掑叺琛?</a> </div>
<Content>澶滄櫙銇屻亶銈屻亜銇偡銉炽偓銉濄兗銉伄楂樺堡銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(20049393, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>ApprenticeGardener
<Content>绔嬪湴鎶滅兢銇竻娼斻仾銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19780570, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>marepersempre
<Content>Hotel Swisseotel the Stamford   showReview(19691060, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr empfehlenswert   showReview(19643884, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>m-sugi
<Content>鍑哄嫉鑰呫伀鏈€閬?#x201d;   showReview(18717245, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>ricbg76
<Content>The stamford: ottimo trampolino per singapore   showReview(17978882, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15575267, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶滄櫙銇屻亶銈屻亜   showReview(19169798, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇儭銉炽儐銉娿兂銈广伀銉犮儵   showReview(19168941, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椐呫伄鐪熶笂銇綅缃仚銈嬨儥銈广儓銉偙銉笺偡銉с兂   showReview(19168406, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr hektisch da direkt ein Einkaufszentrum angeschlossen optimale Lage da direkte U-Bahn Station   showReview(13202313, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仯銇︺倐銇嶃倢銇勩仾澶滄櫙銇ゃ亶   showReview(19167089, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶滄櫙銇屻亶銈屻亜銇т氦閫氥伄渚裤倐銇勩亜   showReview(19166067, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Durschnittliches Hotel mit klasse Aussicht   showReview(11666029, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fboe
<Content>Perfetto   showReview(8548040, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偆銈姐儐銉€€銈躲€€銈广偪銉炽儠銈┿兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(19163029, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇欍伆銈夈仐銇勩亰閮ㄥ眿   showReview(19161612, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘儹銉炽儓銇柟銇屻仺銇︺倐瑕垏銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19160713, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊銇屻儛銉勩偘銉筹紒   showReview(19160646, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Lage   showReview(11391054, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑳屻伄楂樸亜銇犮亼銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19159587, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊銇屻仚銇般倝銇椼亜銇с仚   showReview(19156652, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇屾渶楂?#x201d;   showReview(19156091, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瓒呴珮灞ゃ仾銇犮亼   showReview(19156016, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儖銈裤兗銇劅婵€   showReview(19155404, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓姘楀垎婧€鍠?#x201d;   showReview(19154883, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈備究鍒┿仾銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19930252, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涔呫€呫伄銈广偪銉炽儠銈┿兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(19929890, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偆銈姐儐銉兓銈躲兓銈广偪銉炽儠銈┿兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(19929865, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜ら€氥伄渚裤倐鑹亜銇椼€佽卜...   showReview(19928371, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷銇腑蹇冦伀...   showReview(19926803, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銉炽儠銈┿兗銉夈伄銈ゃ儭...   showReview(19924775, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濡汇仺浜屼汉銇с€?娉娿仐銇?..   showReview(19923764, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姣嶈Κ銇ㄤ簩浜恒仹鏃呰銈掋仐...   showReview(19920162, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浣撻〒璜囥倰鍙傝€冦伀銆侊紦姝?..   showReview(19918280, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍊嬩汉銇ф棩鏈伄銈︺偋銈广儐...   showReview(19917796, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉勩偄銉笺仹棣欐腐銉汇偡銉炽偓...   showReview(19917493, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>51闅庛伀瀹挎硦銇椼伨銇椼仧...   showReview(19917167, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍓嶅洖銆併偪銉兗銇柟銇伅...   showReview(19917137, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

