<Author>lmmBocaRaton
<Content>Not what it used to be I have been to the Grove Isle 3 or 4 times. It started out as a luxury hotel.I loved the rooms, the staff, and the overall ambience of the property.This year, as in past years , my husband took me there for 2 nights for my birthday. They seemed to have changed their clientele from couples to families.At the pool, there was children screaming and running(with no supervision at all).Even when we went to the small beach that says ADULTS ONLY!-THERE WERE KIDS.I did tell the staff about it, but they didnt seem concerned. I still love Baleen, that is still very good food, and a really great vibe.We were there when Miami Spice was available(where you can get a 3 course dinner for a fraction of the cost normally.I told people about it that we met at the bar,but when we were seated, I had to ask the waiter for that special menu, as did the out of state couple who we met.If the hotel has changed its atmosphere and the people they want to attract, they can't bill itself as a romantic getaway.Unless your idea of a romantic weekend is a pool full of kids.I couldnt even speak to my husband without yelling.I love my own kids, but sometimes when you want to get away from it all-there is a time and place.I do hope they go back to the hotel I once loved.I'm sure there are other hotels around that fit my bill  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>endangered
<Content>An oasis in Miami We love the Grove Isle Resort. Just returned from something like our 10th time. It's a great oasis from Miami traffic and has beautifully appointed rooms, excellent staff and service, and amazing food! We usually bring our kids, and although the hotel is a small, boutique style hotel and spa, it is perfectly accepting of children. It's so nice to be able to have luxurious accommodations and resort atmosphere, and have our children get to experience this as well. We will be back again and again!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>riprod
<Content>great hotel / poor food. My wife and I stayed here for our wedding anniversary for 2 nights.The hotel itself is very nice, great balcony and view from our room. The rooms are nice but I would not rate them as 5 star. Possibly a 4 star at best. Mostly due to the bathroom which was tired and very simple. You would think there would be a jacuzzi or something special. It had one of those bath / shower combos that you would not expect in a 5 star hotel. It had a huge flat screen HD TV that had not been wired up for HD, so was terrible quality. It only had about 4 basic local channels anyway, that all seamed to be showing baseball all the time (Not good for a romantic getaway!). Even a Days-Inn has HBO. Everything else was pay per view, even the TV shows. Anyway, we didn't go there to watch TV, so not a big deal. The hotel location is really amazing with great views from everywhere. The pools, deck and bar area were very nice. It is part of a condo development so does have 3 or 4 large building behind the hotel but they don't seam to affect the view. I just thought I would mention that because the website gives the impression it is this little private hotel on an island.The staff were all exceptional. They were extremely friendly, professional and always knew my name. The Spa was fantastic. We had a couples massage that was worth every penny. I would definitely go back just for that. Now the bad news...The restaurant has to have one of the most romantic settings in Florida. Our table was on a wood deck, right on the bay. However they seam to have forgotten about the food. I made a point to call a week before our stay to say my wife was a vegetarian and was contacted back to confirm what she could eat. I was told that the chef would prepare something special. When I told our waiter, he said they have something amazing.WELL... she got a plate of veggies. 1/2 roasted 1/2 boiled. With no sauce or flavor of any type. Honestly, she could have got the same meal from Boston Market for about $4. The table next to us seamed to have some socialite, food critic or something because she had the attention of the chefs and food/Bav managers all night. At one point had 5 staff buzzing around her delivering little dishes of everything. They didn't seam to care too much about anyone else's food. Not wanting to complain and spoil our evening, I decided to just fill out the review card and leave. My fish was ok, but nothing special. Overall the dinner was very disappointing. I would not eat there again. Do yourself a favor and go eat at Nobu on South Beach instead. The next morning we ordered breakfast in bed. It took over an hour to come and was stone cold. We were too hungry to care (from the night before) so just ate it. One last complaint was the Coffee. The coffee in the room and the stuff we ordered with breakfast was truly disgusting. You would think that in a 5 star hotel, they would give you real milk/cream in your room, not that powdered creamer stuff. My overall opinion is that the hotel layout, location and staff are fantastic. However, the hotel is not what I expect a 5 star hotel to be. The food was very disappointingly.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jetagain
<Content>Flawed Paradise Spacious rooms with great water views and comfortable beds are this hotel's strong point. The bathroom was on the small side with a cracked sink and faucets that were difficult to turn off and on. The room balcony had comfortable furniture but the noise from what I'm told was the air conditioning system made it unpleasant during the day--at night the system noise cut out. Speaking of noise, at 10:00 am Sunday morning, hotel maintenance decided to run some kind of equipment (possibly a leaf blower). Nobody who wanted to sleep in could do so without earplugs. Housekeeping showed up at a little after 3:00 pm--just when I returned to my room and was desperate for a shower.The pool deck had definitely seen better days but they had a nice adults only section with a view of Biscayne Bay. They also had circulating staff offering free ice water and frozen grapes--a nice touch. Hotel offers tennis and spa services which I didn't use but their fitness center was clean and well equipped.The island itself is rather nice with a walkway along the seawall which ends in a tiny beach. A young boy was fishing in front of the hotel restaurant and actually catching small snappers which he threw back.Reception staff was very nice and even let me stay in my room an hour past check out.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>MetroDad
<Content>Overpriced, Understaffed, Well-seasoned travelers know that Miami is notorious for their poor levels of service so I'm not going to disparage Grove Isle in that regard. Its level of service is on par with what you'll get anywhere else in the area (from the Delano to the Loews to The Setai.)My only complaint is that the rooms are a terrible value. I stayed here for almost a week due to a friend's wedding. My rate for a room facing the bay with a balcony was almost $600/night. There is no beach at this resort. Housekeeping frequently didn't make up our room until dinnertime. The service at the restaurants was absurdly slow. The pool is decent but the seating gets filled up quickly. Spa treatment and tennis lessons booked in advance were cancelled by the resort without advance notice. They always seemed to have an excuse for everything. For the same price, I should have stayed at the Four Seasons or The Mandarin Oriental, and then just driven over to Grove Isle for the wedding events. Never again. P.S. Don't believe the photos on the website. They make it seem as if the resort is on a private island. In fact, the layout is very strange. Although it is an island, it's also a massive condo development encompassing several enormous high-rises. Many of the resort facilities (like tennis) are actually shared with the condos.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>3	1	3	2	3	3	1	3	

<Author>pbr46
<Content>Great location-great views We just return from 4 nights at the Grove Isle. This was our second visit and we felt pampered. The hospitality and service by the staff is at the highest level. Check in was extremely smooth-using a wireless device in our room. Our room had a great water view, excellent balcony for relaxation. We also had a seating area and flat screen TV. Housekeeping was excellent-we are water drinkers and requested 6 bottle of house water each day-no problem. The only issue we had was the backup alarms from the delivery trucks. This sound seems amplified by the shape of the hotel-very distracting in our room.The hotel never seems crowded; this could be because of the extensive security required to enter the island as the hotel shares Grove Isle with three large buildings of condos.While there is a Spa and exercise facility, my wife swam laps in the outside pool each morning and I walked into Coconut Grove and back-50 minutes.We had breakfast each day in the hotel and it was nice, good selection and good service. However we found some great restaurants near by. First in Coral Gables, 15 minutes away is La Dorado-great fish. Then for authentic Cuban food, we loved Las Culebrinas, 2890 SW 27th Ave-also 15 minutes away. We were one of the few Anglos there-food is great. Then for lunch, best Cuban sandwich ever-Villa Habana at 34th and Coral Way-again authentic.On our next visit, we play to stay at Grove Isle.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NYC84
<Content>Stay somewhere else, service found lacking First of all, they dislike everyone who uses a travel site they dn't like. I couldn't get good flght times to miami cept w/orbitz and the savings seemed good, but if you want to stay at this resort book through someone else. I'm half convinced everyone there hates their job, maybe except one person. Dn't expect house cleaning or turn down service for every night you stay, but to be fair, they do a good job whenever they do turn up.I thought the spa was okay, they're friendlier there and I liked the locker room. I had a better time at The Spa in West Palm florida though, which is a wonderful place with nice package deals. Overall, I thought the place was pretty and the security seemed good, but I wn't be heading back there even when I decide to stay at one of Noble House resorts. I expect better service from a luxury hotel, no matter how I book my stay.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>nancybtlr
<Content>Terrible food and service; Idyllic environment We returned to Grove Isle after a near perfect stay in April (see my previous review). This place has gone DOWNHILL! Such a disappointment. There were several disappointments compared to our previous stay but the biggest problem was the food and food service. We paid $50 per person for a dinner I couldn't even eat (seafood was way overcooked, smelled like a dead animal, rubbery). The next 4 mornings our bfast was also inedible: burned pancakes, rubbery tasteless waffle. It also came exactly 15 minutes late 4 mornings in a row. It was always missing something from our order. The eggs, toast, and grapefruit were good so we eventually learned to only order those.At the pool, it took 35 minutes to get a burger, chicken fingers, grilled cheese, and a salad. They did not have fresh ice tea like they did in April; only bottled. When the food finally came it was either terrible or not as ordered. The cheese on the grilled cheese was completely unmelted - my daughter just lifted the bread and picked it up to show to the waiter!All this is too bad since the rooms and the property are one of my all time favorite hotels - private, peaceful, personal, and tasteful.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	3	2	5	

<Author>mraff2003
<Content>needs to pay attention to details.... My husband and I stayed for 1 night for our 2 yr anniversary. From the outside the building looks very tropical but a bit dated. We were in room 108 which was beautiful on first impression. It had a great large patio outback facing the bay, a great spot for dolphin spotting. The rooms look like they just did a quick updating, all the baseboards were filthy, needed painting. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have slept in. All the doors were pretty dirty as well. Pool area very tropical but the hottub was all chipped on the inside, the pool bathrooms had such poor updating, painting around the paper towel holders, cracks and chuncks missing from the ceilings and the tiled floors. Not at all a professional job. We ordered chicken wings by the pool, they were still frozen and not cooked properly.We had dinner at Baleen, very pricey but so private outside, the food was delicious, service not so good, we had to flag down the waiter numerous times. All in all a nice place for 1 night if you get a good price and not look to closely to the finishing details.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>nikkecole
<Content>beautiful hotel       entrance  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>stormyapplesauce
<Content>Cultural Excursion We were able to stay only one night on our way to Key Largo. Nothing can beat the fluffy bathrobes and ooey gooey blueberry pancakes delivered hot to our room. Sadly, the room service was a full half hour later than we ordered, but nonetheless, it was good. We enjoyed the spacious room with a very nice view over the bay. The service personnel were exceptionally polite from the time we drove up to the gatehouse. The check in procedure was especially efficient in our room with a laptop and wireless hook up. The TV in the bathroom was heckacool :-)  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>GlobalLuxuryCouple
<Content>More than meets the eye but a bit tired The outside of the hotel looks old and tired but open entering I was pleasantly surprised with the lobby and room amenities. Rooms have very nice bathrooms and huge plasma tv's and sitting areas. The pool area is also a bit tired and would benefit from the same upgrades as the rooms. The service was efficient and friendly. Overall a good place if the price is right but not a luxury experience worth paying a big ticket for.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>tstier5625
<Content>Some good some bad Groves Isle hotel is a beautiful hotel. The rooms are very nice, the veiws are gorgeous. The Spa is a joke. They messed up two apporintments two days im a row. Actually had me change, get ready and than told me that the technician had left for the day. What a joke. Other guests were having the same problem. A Bridal Party came in ready for there services to precede the wedding and know one was available to help them. I felt so sorry for that bride.There are numerous spas in the Coconut Grove/Coral Gables area. stay away from the Hotel's Spa....  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	4	5	4	5	3	4	

<Author>LRobinson
<Content>Not impressed I stayed at this hotel for four days with my mother, my brother and my son this past July. The hotel and rooms are gorgeous (the room we stayed in had one of the biggest hotel patios I've ever seen), the pool area is lovely and has a beautiful view of Biscayne Bay, however, this is where I stopped being impressed.Our check in went smoothly and the staff was nice enough. We had dinner at the hotel's restaurant, Baleen, which was extremely overpriced and unspectactular. We had to wait thirty minutes before our waiter came to take our order and thereafter had to repeatedly flag him down if we wanted anything. After our order was taken, it took another twenty minutes for us to get our drinks and fourty five minutes to receive our food even though the restaurant was not crowed. After we finally started eating, we had to ask to be moved inside because we were being attacked by bugs. This was our first and last meal at Baleen. The next day, we were out by the pool. Service was prompt at the poolside bar and I had no complaints about the pool area except for the jacuzzi which was broken and wasn't fixed by the time we left. We got back to our room around 6pm and maid service still hadn't come! Over the next few days, the maid service got worse. Everyday, they came very late, never gave us enough towels, left parts of the room dirty, left behind used glassware, never swept the patio and didn't replenish condiments for the coffee. One day, we came back to our room around 9pm and the maid hadn't given us toilet paper. I called down to the front desk three times and, by 11pm, still no toilet paper. I went down to the front desk around 11:30 p.m. (in my pajamas) only to be told they couldn't find any and could I wait until tommorrow. Outrageous! The staff was nice enough but complaints always fell on deaf ears. The staff was never rude but they were visibly impressed with themselves. The hotel manager was constantly in a meeting or away from his desk. On the upside, I found the hotel to be child friendly (we had a 8 yr. old and a 10 mth. old with us) and there were several couples there with children. The spa is the real attraction and this should be the only reason to come here and pay the kind of money they want for a barely four star experience.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	5	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>GatorDocs
<Content>Love/Hate We were getting ready for our trip, and we read up on the reviews. We noticed that some people loved this hotel, and some people hated it. Because of a friend's recommendation, we decided to gamble and stay there anyway. It all started very auspiciously when the check-in staff met us (along with the bellman) at our car. On our way to the room, she checked us in on her wireless tablet PC. We were very impressed. However, she was unable to open our door with the keys she had. This was the first of THREE separate occassions in which our keys did not work and we had to return to the lobby to get new keys. The room was stunning. The view was gorgeous. The balcony was pleasant. The location of the hotel is great. The grounds are superb. The spa hot tub had a view right on the water. The pool was exquisite. The restaurant, Baleen, was very good and very expensive. The spa is wonderful. They have wide range of services available. In addition to our key mishaps, the bathroom television decided to turn on by itself at random times during our stay. For some reason, this did not bother us too much. However, the beautiful 52-inch HDTV set decided to turn on and off randomly starting from 6am to 6:30am. This freaked us out. We found no explanation for this phenomenon - there was no timer on the TV, and the remote was next to the TV our entire stay. We solved this problem by unplugging the TV set and checking out a day early. The front desk clerk claimed these issues were due to the electricity in the room. We strongly recommend this hotel, but don't stay in room 409.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LM-2004
<Content>Wonderful Birthday My husband and I just came back from our 3rd visit to Grove Isle.I have to say this was the best stay we had.(even though we had a better room last year). We celebrated my birthday this weekend, and stayed 2 nights.They upgraded me to a bayfront room-with a view to die for.I didnt want to leave the terrace.But we did have dinner at Baleen-it was much better than last year-maybe a new chef?.Its expensive-but they are having MiamiSpice Nights-3 course meals for 30.02, which is a great deal.All the staff were new, and most are really nice.Except maybe the person I called the first night asking for a fan(I think Gabriela?)who thought that was the weirdest request, didnt bother to call me back.I ask for a fan at all hotels I stay at, and most of them have them waiting.But the hotel is beautiful,the atmosphere is romantic,and you will have a wonderful time.And for people that complain about it being far from everything, that is the charm.We live in Florida, but everytime I come here I feel like Im in the Caribbean, without taking a plane.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>MiamiBeach1
<Content>a beautiful resort; overall poor service the setting is no less than idyllic. Grove Isle Resort is on a private, gated island adjacent to downtown Miami. the resort itself can be described as solid almost 4 stars. the service itself overlall, with the notable exception at the pool bar, is not even 3 star. 1- our room was beautiful, except for mold in the shower. I called for service and the maid tried, but didn't remove all the mold. further, the coffee service was not replenished -- pretty basic, if you ask me.2- the food quality itself is excellent, marred by horrendous service. an hour between soup and entree at dinner? an hour to be greeted by a server for breakfast? begging for coffee refills; then, begging for cream for the milk? I even went to the front desk to ask for a restaurant manager to speak to, which fell on deaf ears. the waiters are even surly in their manner. hotel  restaurant management -- on a weekend at a major hotel -- non-existent.3- the noted exception is the pool bar/restaurant staff. it's like they're working for different management! they're swift to meet your needs, and asked if they've done so.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	5	1	-1	

<Author>Nigella_23
<Content>Beautiful Resort       View from Balcony  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>USA-Lover
<Content>Grove Isle resort: Quiet, elegant and very nice       food at the Baleen  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SunDollyOz
<Content>Wow! Exceeded our Expectations We stayed at the Grove Isle Resort on May 30, 2006. It exceeded our expectations, and we would highly recommend it. The service was flawless. The resort was beautiful and elegant. When you arrive, you go through a security gate and drive past several condominium buildings. It's almost misleading, but the resort entrance is really nice and the bell staff were so friendly. We were greeted by the front desk. She was so attentive to our needs. We were staying with another couple, so we had 2 rooms - 305 and 405. They were really nice. We had a balcony and view of the water on 2 sides. There were candles lit and music playing. The rooms were nicely decorated and included a flat screen TV, iron bed and sitting area. Restaurant: BaleenWe ate dinner on the deck at Baleen. The atmosphere was incredible. We overlooked the water. The deck was lit with tiki torches. It was very intimate. The food was really good, and the service wonderful. We had a really nice evening. It is fairly expensive (about $100 per person), but worth it. There is a pool and sandy area with cabanas and many deck chairs. There is a fire pit surrounded by chairs which is a romantic place in the evening. There are many private sitting areas, and it's a nice walk by the water in the evening. I didn't have time to visit the spa, but the services sounded wonderful. This is a classy, relaxing resort, and we can't say enough about the service and our experience here.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ScottsdaleTravelers
<Content>Beautiful Location for Business Meetings I spent three nights and four days at the Grove Isle for business meetings in May 2006. Our group had probably 2/3 of the hotel booked so it almost felt like a private resort (very small property). It is a bit removed from South Beach and probably a $40 cab ride away from those restaurants and bars, but it was a perfect location for a secluded getaway. The property is beautiful and well cared for. The pool area and bar have gorgeous views of the bay and you can almost forget you are near a big city. The meeting facilities were very nice (very cold each morning, but the staff responded quickly to our requests). We had meals prepared on the Ship's Deck area for our group - a lovely setting with more views directly to the bay. The food was not excellent, but was better than most business facilities or larger hotels. Overall, it was a very nice property for a business meeting and I might return for a personal stay, but would definitely recommend having a rental car if you want to see anything outside the property.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JanetSteveP
<Content>PERFECT in every way! Grove Isle is the best kept secret in Florida! We went for a weekend get-away, and the only thing that could have been better was the weather! The staff was very accomodating and attentive. The food and service both at Baleen (the restaurant) and room service was excellent. The staff at the pool bar were exceptional. The view from the hotel over looking the bay helped top off the weekend. I probably would not bring kids there, although if they are young enough, it may work. But if you are looking for a perfect relaxing weekend of great food, drink and a view...then this is the place. We didn't leave the isle the entire weekend. Everything we wanted was right there. I would say that the awesome customer service really made the difference. Can't wait to return!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>traveler1345
<Content>Grove Isle Disappointing In April of 2004, my family and I had dinner at Baleen at Grove Isle, while staying in Key Biscayne. The food was very good and the musical entertainment was a very enjoyable and exotic sitar performance. In April of 2005, we stayed for two nights and were very disappointed. Our visit did not compare at all to our first impression. The lobby is very attractive as are the rooms. However, the dining left much to be desired and was extremely overpriced. The water glasses had pink algae floating in them. The waitstaff, in general, didn't speak English or understand requests. Due to rain, the pool and poolside dining was closed and their was nothing else to do with two teenagers. So, we drove our rental car to Merrick Park and went shopping and had a wonderful meal at Mundo. We will not return to Grove Isle. It is not the five-star property Noble House claims it to be.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>paullewis
<Content>A great find       bay view  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expensive but Bad Grove Isle Hotel Do yourself a favor and stay another place. The staff is rude. The heat didn't work. I ordered room service. They had 4 entrees available and the one I ordered was not available. Room service acted like I had really put them out to even ask for it. Really go somewhere else.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>snugasapug
<Content>A great place to relax       The hotel/firepit area  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>LANNYSEED
<Content>hurricane I just want to thank all the employees of Grove Isle for helping us through the hurricane. I think that the true test of a 5 star hotel is when a crisis hits and these people are outstanding. The storm hit full force at around 8pm as we were in the dining room and power went out. The chefs and staff worked by candle light and made sure our dinners arrive hot and perfect. We were given candles, water and snacks before bed. Towels to stop the storm water from coming in were handed out. The next morning a hot buffet breakfast was served. Power came back on Friday at 7:30 pm. The kitchen was closed but they made sure we had a boxed dinner. I want to say thank you for all everybody did for us. This was not the first time we stayed there nor will it be the last.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LouGlenister
<Content>Loved the Grove Isle We arrived after an encounter of the Car Hire kind of nightmare, ourselves, our four children and our baby girl, not a small group and quite a handful.From the minute we arrived the conceirge were fantastic, our rooms were upgraded, ours had a huge bed and children doubled up in the twin bedded adjoining room. Amelias cot was lovely, a real cot with bumper and clean linen blanket etc. The sheets were fabulous, the toiletries smelled divine and the coffee wonderful.Although the Jacuzzi was out of order the swimming pool was immaculate and it was fun to be at eye level with the bay, pelicans in view all hours and some amazing lizards. I loved the pool side beds and sofa, complete with sunshades, altogether as good as the photos on the website,THE SPA, this is heaven, our eleven year old had her first manicure and I had a hot rock pedicure, both of us were treated by Christine who was top class. The whole experience including the herbal teas in individual silk bags was bliss just what a mother of 5 children needs.We had breakfast outside and enjoy a variety of frozen drinks.We will be back thank you all the staff who made our 4 days relaxing and memorable.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>futurelawyer2005
<Content>Not spectacular My husband and I stayed here for 4 days on Memorial Day weekend 2005. All the reviews online were beaming so I booked it. But, when we got there, it was very disappointing. The hotel itself was beautiful and the rooms were very tastefully appointed. However, the charm of being on a private island is no charm at all. We could have gotten the Trump hotel for cheaper and it was on South Beach!There is NOTHING to do on this island. It is not really even an island. It is a high spot 150 yards off the coast and it borders the marina. It does have some spectacular views. But, the views do not change and I don't expect that we would be sitting there staring at the ocean the entire time. I thought at least there would be some beach or something but NOPE; they have a man-made area about 10' x 10' that is basically a sand box, right next to the pool, that is supposed to suffice. That is why you do not see any pictures of the beach for this hotel. There isn't any. There isn't even any snorkeling, diving, kayaking, etc. Nothing. The only place to eat on the island is at Baleen. It has a nice ambience but I have had better food in the back alleys of Mexico. Disgusting. And way too expensive for the quality. I could have almost died by drinking their iced tea. After waiting nearly 20 minutes, long after my husband got something to drink, they brought me what was supposed to be (and probably used to be) tea. It was so many weeks old that it had cloudy, chunky pink algae in the glass. My husband thought they had made me an alcoholic drink or something with tomato juice and he took a big swig. He immediately starting gagging and choking while spitting it out. It was putrid and rancid. The manager came over, saw it and almost starting vomiting himself. So, they come back 10 minutes later with another glass of iced tea but, when they made it, they made it in the same container. There were small stringy bits of pink algae all in the glass. Can you imagine how we were feeling at this point? We figured we would go ahead and take a cab into town to get something to eat there. It is $7 just to get off of the island and $7 to get back on. And the closest thing around is the Coco Walk. It is about 2 miles. Needless to say that getting around was going to be a real hassle especially since we couldn't see anything without a taxi and there was nothing to do on this island. So, the next morning we called around to get a rental car. After all, we came there to see South Beach, Miami, etc. Because it was Memorial Day, everyone was empty. Except for Hertz on US Hwy 1. I usually don't rent from them because they are higher than Enterprise. But, Enterprise only had 1 Focus left and they wanted $79.99 a day for it!!! Hertz gave us a Toyota Corolla (much better car) for .......get this......$29.99 a day! And, YES, they came and picked us up and dropped us off. For free. If you rent a car, get it from that location. Those people are wonderful!!! The best rate that the hotel could get us was a Focus from Enterprise at $50 a day. We figured we would go down to South Beach the next day. We had a blast. We even went all 38 miles down into the Everglades the day after that. People in Miami don't know how to drive but we were having a blast. If you are staying at Grove Isle, GET A RENTAL CAR!!!!! It is not close to anything.I left my comb at home. So, having been spoiled by the Hilton and Hampton, I called down to the concierge to get a $1 comb. But, they were astounded that anyone would ask for such a thing! They acted so astonished and dumbfounded. They sent each other in every direction looking for a comb. Note: if a hotel is 4 or 5 stars, they should have a virtual convienence store on hand at all times. They didn't. I'm surprised they even knew what a comb was. I had someone sarcastically remark to me that he would go off the island and get me one if I absolutely had to have one. Needless to say, my hair dried in frizz and I went and got my own comb later. The bath products are nice. The shower and water temperature were excellent! The room is nice. Nothing is free except the coffee. They tempt you with $8 Godiva chocolates in a basket by the bed. The robes were great. Relaxing on the patio was awesome. Most of the front desk help were rude, dumb and pretty. Mark, our butler, was exceptionally helpful, professional and polite. He is probably the one person at that hotel that stopped me from giving it 2 stars. All in all, we won't be staying at this hotel again. Not because it is a dump, but because it's location is more of a drag than a thrill, because my health was threatened and because they fell way short on the small things that make a hotel 4 or 5 star quality. Besides, Miami is HUGE. Next time, we will be staying in North or South Beach so we can be where we really wanted to be in the first place: on the white sandy beach.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>3	2	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Island Paradise Recently, my boyfriend and I visited Grove Isle Resort and Spa. Although we arrived in the middle of tropical storm Arlene, we found the hotel and its employees (particularly Jason and Sebastian) to be excellent. The location is very quiet and tucked away from the busy South Beach scene; therefore, those seeking proximity to South Beach will need to be prepared to pay a $25-30 cab fare each way. Those with rental cars or their own means of transportion will also need to be prepared for the hotel's $20 daily parking fee. The hotel's tropical landscaping and location is gorgeous. There are rooms with excellent views of the Bay and there is a walking trail lined with palm trees and beautiful flowers. Most impressive is the pool area which overlooks the Bay. At the pool, one can swin, sunbathe or enjoy the hammocks overlooking the water. Inside of the hotel is a restaurant named Baleen, which offers mostly seafood at prices slightly cheaper than those found in South Beach. For food however, I recommend travelling 2-3 miles to the shops of Cocowalk, where there are several restaurants that offer delicious food at a fraction of the cost. We only incurred one problem at the hotel. One of our television channels had no sound; however, the problem was corrected immediately by the staff. Overall, an excellent place to plan a retreat!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect We spent 4 nights in April 2005 at the Grove Isle Inn in Coconut Grove (Miami), Florida. We loved it so much that we didn't want to leave! The setting is in Biscayne Bay, on a small, private island making it very secure and safe as well as beautiful. Our room was one of the best we have ever stayed in. Both the furnishing and the view were excellant. Even though it was only a five minute cab ride to the business district of Coconut Grove where there were plenty of restaurants, we ate every meal at the Grove Isle. The restaurant is romantic and beautiful with inside and outside seating, as well as serving delicious food. Also there is a great pool bar that serves lunch. The pool area could not have been more scenic. We used the fitness center everyday. It had good equipment and again, a good view to enjoy while working out. All members of the staff that we came in contact with were very courteous, helpful and friendly. Obviously, we can't say enough good about this place. We will go back to enjoy another peaceful stay at the Grove Isle.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort My Husband and I stayed at the Resort for a romantic getaway. What an excellent decision. This is a small resort that catered to our every need. The rooms are beautifully decorated with tile floors, poster beds and mosquito nets. Our room on the 5 floor had a large balcony that had a wonderful view of Biscayne Bay. During the evening we would sit on the and leave the glass balcony doors open to allow our room the breeze from the water. Grove Isle also has a walking path the circles around the island which is great for taking late night strolls after dining outside on the Baleen Patio. Both nights that we stayed we had dinner in Baleen. We enjoyed the al fresco seating outside which has spectacular views of the city lights. The food was execellent and the service was great. Our server made us feel as if we were the only ones there even though the restaurant was very busy. During the afternoons we laid together in the hammocks under the Palm trees and had frozen drinks brought to us by the Pool Bar. This was the best decision that we have made for a romantic getaway.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SFAbroad
<Content>Not Spectacular We stayed here in June 2004 for my cousin's wedding which was at the same resort. I didn't think it was that special. The room and view was nice, but we were on the first floor right by the hotel entrance (perhaps b/c we arrived late). The pool was so crowded that they ran out of towels and didn't replenish them once for the two hours we were at the pool. Since it was so hot, we didn't really need towels anyway, but I would expect them to be available given that this is a so-called luxury resort. The service at the restaurant was horrible as well.It was nice, but not all that it was hyped up to be.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Peaceful and Secluded On a business trip, I decided to stay away from alarge chain and found the Grove Isle Resort. Whata nice little gem. First, the location is on an islandwith a mixture of condos, but guarded with privateaccess.The lobby is modestly small, but decorated ina monkey motif, from prior ownership. Quiteairy and uplifting.I stayed 2 evenings (July 18-19, 2004) and washighly impressed with the room layout. A canopiedbed with mosquito netting, (came in handy, attimes) was complemented with a wonderfulsitting area and business desk / workplace.Although it rained for a majority of my stay,it added to the coziness of the entire place.Off the beaten path from Miami, but closeenough to get there within 15 minutes, theGrove Isle is a wonderful place to stay andclaim peace of mind.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth the money First of all its way to expensive. The hotel itself is in a wonderful secluded area but definitely not worth the Money. I paid almost $200 a night for a room that had a really bad floor, there was an actual spot where if you step on the tile floors, the floor would sink-in which is scary, for a minute there i though i would go through a whole and end up in the first floor! then they have a body sensor in the rooms and miami is hot in the summer time so when i would go out, i would have loved to return to a nice cool room, But unfortunate for me due to the sensor the room was just as hot inside as it was outside. We requested a non smoking room and were given a smoking room even though i specified that my husband had asthma and we needed a non smoking room. At check out Evelyn the front desk clerk was on the phone have a conversation on what she was doing later on that night, unfortunately for her i speak spanish and i heard the whole thing, so i after i made it clear that i was frustrated of waiting for her to finish her call i placed my heavy luggage on the counter and she had the odasity to say just give me a minute i dont think so, ive given you 3 and your talking about what your going to do tonight. I think someone should give her a clue about Customer Service the best tratment i recieved was of the bellman which all he did was Open the door for me, he had a very positive attitude and a bright smile on his face  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel .. not so beautiful experience with the front desk clerk I stayed two nights at Grove Isle Inn in a beautiful marina suite for my 30th birthday. I also booked 3 standard rooms for my guests that could rival the suite. Rooms were amazingly beautiful, the pool was gorgeous, and the staff, overall, were exquisite.However, the front desk clerk on duty during the mornings during my stay left little to be desired. Evelyn was EXTREMELY rude to me, and also the 10 guests I had booked into the hotel. She was not only extremely rude during check in Saturday morning, but continued her poor attitude throughout Saturday afternoon, and well into Sunday. It was to the point which no one wanted to walk through the lobby because they would have to endure the scowl on her face.I was even awoken at 8 am on Sunday and asked to come into the lobby, (in my pajamas ) by one of my guests having difficulty checking out due to the fact that they wanted to pay for the room even though the room was initially booked under my name. While standing at the desk , I overheard Evelyn ask my guest if anything was missing from the room (as opposed to asking if the mini bar had been used ), my guest replied with an excuse me, with which Evelyn replied did you take anything from the room ?Also, when asked if the room charges could be split 3 ways, we were met with a roll of the eyes.After my guests departure at 8 am I returned to my room to find that coincidentally enough, my suite key had suddenly been de-programmed. Luckily there was someone in the room that let me back in.Upon my check out I was met with more attitude and when I presented my credit card I was told that I was giving her the wrong card. I explained to her that this would have to be impossible being that I only have one credit card that I use for personal use. I asked if she would compare the card presented to her to the card that was imprinted upon check in and she quickly refused to do so, adding the comment, your credit card is wrong, but I guess I will fix it.Upon leaving the hotel, I was thankful that the valet service was so extremely kind and helpful. It definitely helped soothe over the entire front desk experience.In fact, I am very thankful to all the other hotel employees and even the front desk clerk on night duty for all their kindness and helpfulness during our stay.They definitely made the stay worthwhile and overshadowed the horror show called Evelyn.I filled out a comment card and handed it to a manager, praising the entire staff (except Evelyn) for making my stay such an overall pleasure.When contacted by the general manager who received my comment card, I was told Evelyn was under a lot of pressure and felt so bad about her behavior that she called the G.M. at home Sunday after my check out, to explain that she hadn't been very hospitable to one of the guests. { Talk about covering your own butt. } I wonder which one of us eleven guests she was talking about.I find it amazing that she suddenly felt bad when I left and was told that I had turned in a comment card grading her behavior, but couldn't find it in her professional self to have felt bad on Saturday morning when she began being a NIGHTMARE to both me and my guests.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Spice27
<Content>Fabulous My husband, daughter and I stayed at the Grove Isle while we were in Florida for our son's graduation from college. What a way to celebrate! It was fabulous! We were looking forward to some peace and quiet and it couldn't have been better. The room was beautiful, extremely well appointed and comfortable, with a beautiful water view. The pool area is gorgeous, although we spent most of our time under palm trees looking out at Key Biscayne. Gorgeous view. Stunning location. Breakfast was so-so, but the breathtaking view and relaxing atmosphere more than compensated. I loved this hotel. It is a great place if all you want to do is relax in a beautiful, peaceful setting. Hotel staff were also top notch.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bbg8r
<Content>Great for a getaway! My husband and I just spent a night here for our anniversary. The pool area was crowded and the pool bar staff wasn't very attentive. But the views are fabulous and you can't beat a nap in a hammock! Dinner at Baleen was fabulous and the wait staff is superb. The room was beautiful with a gorgeous view and nice patio. The hotel staff was very friendly and accomodating. We got a good deal on the room at the grove isle website.   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	2	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kimb27
<Content>What a great place! We just got back from the Grove Isle Resort and can't say enough good things about it. It is a charming smaller hotel with only 49 rooms. But, it has such a warm and friendly feel. Our room was great with a view of the Bay and downtown Miami. There is a 3/4 mile jogging/walking path around the island which was great. The pool is lovely and quiet. Although some feel the resort is isolated, we found it to be peaceful and VERY close to the action on South Beach and downtown. We found the food to be superb and very well priced for the quality. Our favorites were the oatmeal at breakfast, the BLT salad at lunch and ALL the desserts!! The outdoor portion of the restaurant is beautiful and peaceful both day and night. Roberto, the Manager and Jose the bellman were very helpful and charming as was the rest of the staff. We will definitely be returning in the near future.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!   showReview(1727452, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Fantastic Hotel Experience   showReview(1282798, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bobgold
<Content>Really Really Really Nice   showReview(992557, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience   showReview(924758, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2003
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet Oasis   showReview(861738, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Stay of my life   showReview(859705, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>no heating system!   showReview(830267, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spectacular!   showReview(820258, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent resort if you get a deal   showReview(671290, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Would stay there again   showReview(592264, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iaiabella
<Content>Sapore tropicale nel Grove   showReview(21599553, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

