<Author>Cicantrice
<Content>A bit upset I really enjoyed to stay here over the christmas holiday, the staff was kind and mostly very helpful (except when housekeeping took one of our keycards from our room). The linen were really noisy, so you couldn't turn i bed without waking up the person next to you (weird problem, I know). Beds were a bit hard, and the air condition was on the fritz, it was nowhere near 25 degrees in our room (more like 19-20). Nice room, spacious minifridge and bathroom. As usual, we got a view facing an alley... Our room was located very near the elevators, so we could hear the voice coming from there every time the doors opened. Well equipped gym!Located very close to the Tower Hill underground station, so you won't find a better hotel at this price anywhere this central.The thing that really bothers me, is that they reserved the cost of the stay at my creditcard, without saying they did so! This means that they reserved 400 pounds on my creditcard, even though I payed in cash the very next day! I payed on december 23rd, and I STILL haven't gotten my money back! I am in dire need of that money, but the hotel has totally ignored my e-mail about it.I can understand that they want to reserve the amount for safety reasons, but they should tell you about it - and inform you that you might not get your reserved money back in a couple of weeks!If you're staying - don't pay in cash if you need your money. Other than that, it's a nice hotel.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>beach_buoy
<Content>Great Hotel This is an excellent hotel which is about a 2 minute walk from Tower Hill tube station.It's a short walk from the tower of london and plenty of bars and restaurants in the near viscinity.Room was excellent - large shower and bath, also a large bed with a sofa and flatscreen tv. Bottles of water left in the room each morning and tea making facilities topped up.The only reason i've given it 4 stars instead of 5 was due our double bed being 2 singles joined together and problems with the air con in the room. Apart from those minor problems it was excellent.We ate breakfast aroung the corner in the wetherspoons pub as it was 拢15 for breakfast in the hotel,there is also a gym in the hotel which looked well equipped.Other plus points were the dvd player in the room and free rental service of about 200 dvd's,also the staff were very helpful and kept our bags till the afternoon after we had checked out.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>DickyKent
<Content>Lovely modern hotel Stayed overnight here as a theatre package for our daughters christmas present and was pleasantly surprised it was a lovely clean modern hotel near to the Tower of london with easy access to the underground. Our rooms were nice and had the most comfortable bed we have ever slept in! No views out of the windows though just buildings and offices but other than that it was great. Staff were very helpful and couldn't fault the breakfast, delicious!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Smiler98
<Content>Lovely hotel My daughter and I booked this hotel onroute to spend time with my family at Christmas,i thought it would be rather expensive but was very surprised when i paid an absolute bargain online and got breakfast included!The hotel was in a great location,as was catching train from Fenchurch Street station(just 5 mins away!),plus right on top of Tower bridge,so made a nice place for a little walk and visit.My daughter was very excited about the hotel when we arrived and even more so the room(well i was too!).The hotel looked stunning in all its festive lights and trees,the staff at the reception were lovely and we was even offered help with our bags to our room,very nice!We had booked a City room,we had a large kingsized bed and large walk-in powershower/bath,all modcons,coffee,tea etc,cute little toilitries and the duck of course!We even had a dvd player and you could hire films for a hire charge(which would be reimbursed to you when you returned the dvd).The room was rather warm and you couldnt open the windows,but there was air conditioning which you could change to suit you.Our breakfast was included in the price and there was a great choice,continental or full breakfast,with pastries,fruit etc,anything you wanted!The staff in the restaurant were very attentive and anything you asked for was got for you!Right now,i only have a couple of things which i wasnt too happy about(although these things wouldnt put me off staying there on another occasion),these were the room at nightime,i had asked for the quietest room possible(as my daughter and i are light sleepers),but was put in a room at the front of the hotel and was told the traffic wasnt noisy,but it was!I would have liked to have opened the window,but the noise would have been worse,so glad i couldnt!The other thing was just one thing at breakfast,although it was tasty and a fab choice,i wouldnt ask for scrambled egg again,as it was the oddest i had ever seen or tasted!It was orange and sloppy,so left that!So if you are thinking of staying at the Apex City Hotel London,then if you can get a bargain or its just a treat,then go ahead,you wont be disappointed!Hope this helps...  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KathleenBridget
<Content>Great Hotel Lovely hotel, staff great. Loved the decor and the rooms. Found it quite strange you had to ask staff to open the windows for you, but overall, hotel was great.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lucie_forever
<Content>Loved the Apex hotel i thought i should write a review about this hotel.When we arrived early morning the room was not available but we wee able to leave our luggage in a room and they took my mobile number and text me when the room was available.So when we went back to the hotel after the text we were given room 316 on the third floor i booked a deluxe king room witch is three up from the basic room, it was huge had a massive bed and a sofa area with a huge plasma TV. Room came with bathrobes, toiletries and slippers, as well as a Nespreso maker.We were given complimentary drinks voucher each and a box of chocloates too - and of course the rubber duck in teh bathroom!the hotel is about 5 mins from Tower Hill station and about 5 mins from two pubs although we did not use them.Our rate included brwakfast and we were entitled to continental including cerials, jams, bread, pastries, fruit etc and also a full english! very tasty!overall this is a truley wonderfull hotel located in a good and convienent location and would i reccommend it to my friends - YOU BET I WOULD!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DevonThomas
<Content>Another excellent review I would like to add my own brief contribution to what seems to be a long list of 'satisfied customers' following a stay at the Apex City of London for a 'birthday break ' with my wife 12-14th December 2008. Your previous reviewers have commented on the high quality of the surroundings, decor etc which we endorse, but for us , the key feature of our stay was the genuine courtesy and high standard of service shown by all staff at all levels. Without being patronising or obsequious the management and staff were clearly committed to looking after the welfare of the guests. Thank you.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>BradfordSquink
<Content>Fab fab fab!!! The Apex is in a fantastic location for local attractions and transport and is a hotel full of modern chic and luxuries. The room was spacious and clean with all the mod cons and treats you could ask for, we didn't ask for the rubber duck but it went down well anyway!!! Warm, comfortable and relaxing, this is by far the best hotel we have stayed in for a long time. The staff were generally very helpful, even hailing a taxi for us, something we are definitely not accustomed to!! We cannot really grumble about the hotel but lets try!! The only real negative was breakfast. The food was lovely, although no beans, well thats not entirely true, you can have beans but you have to ask!! The staff were the main problem. It probably wasn't intentional but headless chickens springs to mind!!! We did expect more in a hotel of this calibre but were sadly let down on this score and had to beg for cutlery, tea, toast, and other such oddities!!!! Luckily this didn't ruin our trip, we would definitely stay in this or another Apex hotel and although you probably can find cheaper accomodation, you won't find better for the money you will pay here, which is pretty reasonable really for all the added extras. On the whole, loved it!!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>robertkc1979
<Content>Nice hotel but small rooms       bathroom  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>azman_8
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed in this very plush Hotel for the weekend 21st -23rd november 2008 for my daughters 21st .We went to see a show and loads of sight seeing . The Apex was very convenient to the tube and was two minutes from Tower Bridge .The staff were really friendly and hotel was faultless especially the rooms .We also booked breakfast which again was excellent .We had a brilliant weekend mainly due to this hotel and we will be definately booking it again!!!!!!!!Mr J Walmsley  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Princesstravel_8
<Content>Amazing hotel I love this hotel, the chic decor and comfort of the room was fantastic. Located very close to the metro, makes visiting all the sights very easy. A fabulous find and a fantastic place to stay.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TomP1
<Content>Great bedrooms The room was great. Was a deluxe on top floor. Great views etc. Bathroom looked great but was unheated so a bit too cold. Also the shower leaked on to the bathroom floor. Small problems really. Hotel interior was really well designed and the location was very handy, 2mins from nearest tube stop.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>AndrewJH16
<Content>Stylish and modern hotel I stayed here in November 2008. The hotel is on a side street which means it is quiet as it is away from the road traffic. It is ideally placed for tourists (e.g. close to Windsor Castle) and for business people. The hotel is very stylish and modern. Check in was a bit slow. The room was a decent size, modern and clean. The bed was very comfortable. The only problem with the room was that the TV was too big for the size of the room. The comfy settee, which could not be moved, was too close to this large TV. You had to watch the TV from the bed otherwise you ran the risk of getting eye strain. The bathroom was impressive with a bath as well as a separate shower. However there was a smell of damp coming from the shower. The restaurant was bright and airy on the ground floor overlooking the street. I only had breakfast in the restaurant which was good with a reasonable selection. However the cooked breakfast was a bit pricey for a modest portion. Overall a decent and comfortable hotel.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>berkshire_nomads
<Content>Great value Having decided we'd extend our annual shopping trip to London into an overnight stay, I was after somewhere representing good value for money. We got three rooms for myself, my wife and the three children, coming to a total of about 拢 400 including breakfast. The rooms are new, clean modern and stylish. This represents terrific value - I should add it was the weekend, but even so very good for London. The location is good, very near Tower Hill tube, with cheap parking in Minories (拢10 overnight Saturday to Sunday).The only gripes are that the room was a bit chilly, the minibar was empty (even though there was a price list) and the shower is pretty half hearted. None of this stops it from being great value though.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thomasandbilly
<Content>Brilliant, would definatley book again Stayed here fri night, hotel really modern in its interior decoration. Room small with no view but tasteful clean and well decorated, fab bathroom with bath and large walk in shower. Ordered our evening meal to our room on arrival and the food was the best i have ever had from room service. My only gripe was that it took us ages to find the hotel in the dark on foot because the name sign is in letters about four inches high.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>smithh21
<Content>Love this hotel! The hotel was beautiful, very modern. The room was nice and comfortable. And the location was great 5 min from the tower of london. Bus stops near by go straight to all the main tourist attractions in london. The staff were excellent so friendly and helpful. Would definately stay again in a different city.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Joan-Ian
<Content>A relaxing experience in London From the moment we arrived we were treated exceptionally well.The reception staff were friendly ,well organised so you felt expected and welcomed. The bedroom was a super size with all ammenities in place a great place to relax after exploring London sights. After a great night's sleep we had one of the best breakfasts we have had in all our trips home and abroad.The yoghurt is to die for and the eggs benedict as good as any I've had in U.S.A.or Canada and all served by friendly attentive staff.The hotel is a haven within the bustle of London.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Anaximander
<Content>Great value Stayed just the one Friday night - a last-minute decision to spend a day and a bit in London to visit Borough Market and the Tate Modern. The hotel was excellent in almost all respects and good (by London standards, almost phenomenal) value for money.It's well-situated (my partner's only complaint was that it was surrounded by some atrocious Stalinist bank buildings) and welcoming.We had a room which was more than twice the size of rooms I've been charged twice as much for elsewhere (in London and in other cities). Excellent service from the desk, and clear identification of what cost and what didn't.Only slight issue we had was at breakfast - the service wasn't what it should have been, but it was very clear that the reason was training of brand-new staff, which we consider excusable (particularly given the standards elsewhere).  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Leenie28
<Content>Very disappointed with the Apex I booked this hotel after reading the great reviews in Tripadvisor and was very much looking forward to it, however I was greatly disappointed with the customer service. We booked a king bed for 2 nights and were given two single mattresses pushed together; I consider this unacceptable for a 4 star hotel. Both the mattresses were different heights so there was an uncomfortable gap in the middle of the bed and the higher mattress would dig into your back while sleeping. Both of us found it uncomfortable to sleep during the whole stay and had completely restless nights. Our other issue concerned the cleaning service. The Apex is not a cheap hotel and the price did not include breakfast, therefore I would expect at least the rooms to be cleaned properly. When we arrived back after a day sightseeing, we discovered that the bed had not been made, all our towels had been taken and none replaced, all the (nearly full) shampoo, conditioner and shower gels had been taken and again not replaced. The toilet paper and shower cap were taken/not replaced. All in all, it appeared as though all they did was change the cups and glasses. We had to ring down for more supplies and were lucky that there was still someone there. When we checked out we nearly missed our reservation for breakfast as it took a very long time. The man at the desk had no idea how to use the credit card machine, or any of the systems. We made a complaint about the above issues and were asked to fill out a complaint form and it would be looked at. We did this but received no answer or acknowledgement. After several days I then went to the hote's website and filled out a feedback form. I gave full details and asked that we be contacted with some response. Again I have not been contacted or acknowledged at all. While this is not the worst thing that could happen in a hotel, I feel that if you book a room and it is not cleaned and you have no rest in it, it seems a complete waste of money. I would have been happy with some response or apology from the hotel, but my biggest gripe is that I have not received a single acknowledgement of my complaint. Customer service is what will bring a customer back time after time, but this hotel is sadly lacking in it.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Sparkle_traveller
<Content>Love this hotel soooo much I previously stayed here in June 2006 and thought it was one of the best hotels so I rebooked in as I thought highly of it before! The staff attitude: nothing is to much of a bother to them. They are polite, well mannered and would go out their way to help you! We had a deluxe king room and was bigger than what I imagined! We paid a good rate for the hotel, we ae re booked in for 4 weeks time!Its in a great location ... to catch tube, buses and the thames clipper which I highly recommend rather than tube as you get to see some sites of london. (which was recommended by a MET officier!) I love this hotel... roll on 4 weeks!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cal1409
<Content>Great for business travellers Quick check in, easy to get into room. For a London hotel, in the centre, the room was a good size. The bathroom was huge for the UK, with a large shower and a separate bath. The shower was a power shower - the first in the UK? What bliss!!!Room nicely decorated but in business neutral style, not the stuff that memories are made of. Comfy bed. Didn't like the pillows. Location a bit empty at the weekend, but easy to get to livelier places and there was an excellent Italian (no pizza) within walking distance.Excellent, if I needed to be on that side of London, would book again immediately.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Melissambz
<Content>Lovely hotel Had a brand new room, in the brand new wing of the hotel. The room was clean, as it should be, being it was brand new, and was quite comfortable. The TV was at kind of a strange angle to the bed, but wasn't that much of a concern. The bathtub was huge, but unfortunately could not get water hot enough for a bath - although the shower was hot. Room service was prompt and prices were reasonable. Located just steps away from Tower Bridge tube station. Great location for a business trip, but might not recommend for someone vacationing in London.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>INDIANU
<Content>Well located, fair price Well located, close to London Tower, a bit far from tourist center (45' walking, which in fact is nothing!).Staff very very friendly, helping us in any moment.The room was confortable and very clear. It's a fair price for quality received, which is not very common in London!.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Brillo51
<Content>Excellent Value for London My wife and I stayed at the Apex in October whilst visiting our daughter. At 拢115 per night the hotel was extremely good value by London standards. In a very pleasant location near the Tower of London and St Katharine Dock the hotel is convenient for many of the more interesting London's sights and only a short Tube trip to the West End. Our room was a good size with a very large modern bathroom, a sofa and a good quality TV/CD/DVD set up. Unusually for London there was very little traffic noise as the hotel is situated in a quiet side street. We would definitely recommend this and we have booked it again for our next visit.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>robclifford
<Content>Very Nice, But Over Priced A very nice hotel, great location, nice rooms with loads of rooms, however makesure you get a room with a view! I only stayed for one night and had to make time to see the local attactions of London Bridge and Tower of London, both within 5 minuets walk, the only let down was the price of (GBP) 拢230.00 per night, but you do have to pay for a good hotel in London.Will I stay there again, probably not unless I win the lottery!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LauraRose
<Content>Great Stay at the Apex! Myself  Partner have just enjoyed a night at the Apex - 31st October.We arrived at about 4.30pm  were greeted by a friendly desk clerk, who explained how the door key card worked. Went straight up to the room to drop off our bags. However there was a problem with one of the lifts, but this wasnt a problem as we were only on the first floor - just being lazy really! There may have been a wait for the other lift though. First impressions were good. I always hold my breath (however good the reviews are) on entering a new hotel room! I can gladly say that I was very pleased with the choice to stay here - especially considering the price I paid (only 拢85!) Had a quick look around before going out for the evening in the West End.Very good links to transport as others have said - literally a 2 minute walk from Tower Hill tube station (once you know the way!) When we got back from our show, we made use of the facilities - bath  shower. The hotel supply lovely toiletries.The bath is very nice - deep  wide! Which makes a change to some I have experienced! The walk in shower unit is also big enough to move around in and not feel claustraphobic - which I liked very much. Our towels were lovely, fluffy  BIG! which I loved. The thing I hate most about hotels are tiny bath towels, so this was a big plus for me. There were plenty of them too!My only grumble about the bathroom was that there was a dimmer switch in there, but it didnt work... may have been user error though, I'm not sure! Tea/Coffee/Hot chocolate facilities in the wardrobe - with a fridge.The bed was lovely  comfortable - it seemed to be a King rather than a double! which was great for the other half who is 6'2, as it had length aswell! I slept very well, but my other half said that his pillows were a little on the soft side.Another thing I liked about the room was the curtains...I like to be able to lay in without the light seeping through them and waking me up - and I can say that they delivered! Check out was easy. We didnt have a breakfast, but they did look nice!Overall - a very happy customer!!!Would definately stay here again  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>dawynmac
<Content>Great hotel We were looking for a reasonably priced hotel that was in a good location and we delighted with the Apex! About a 3 minute walk from Tower Hill tube station we found the Apex. We arrived quite early and were able to check in and leave our bags before heading off exploring for the day. All the staff we encountered during our stay were friendly and efficient. We had previously stayed in the Holiday Inn Express in Southwark and paid much the same price for the Apex but the difference in standards was huge. The hotel is bright and modern with super kingsize beds and fabulous showers! We didn't spend a lot of time at the hotel as we were out and about all the time but the hotel would suit those who want to hang around a bit more as the bar and restaurant areas are very inviting. There is also a gym for those feeling energetic. We had a continental breakfast included in our rate and this was very substantial with cereals, breads, pastries, fresh fruits, meats and cheeses on offer. We had a look at the cooked menu and this was substantial offering everything from Kippers, eggs benedict etc to pancakes, french toast and the full english! We didn't sample the restaurant in the evening but it looks good and has excellent reviews. All in all I'd recommend the Apex to anyone looking for a comfortable stay in London. Take time to visit The Hung Drawn and Quartered Pub around the corner. It's pretty quiet around London on Sunday's but we found Wetherspoons down the road to be very welcoming!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HaagseBluf
<Content>Luvvely       Late night at the bar  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kibbs-Spilly
<Content>Fab hotel, great stay Stayed at the hotel for one night as needed to find a cheap place to stop in London whilst visiting friends and managed to get a great deal which inc continental breakfast for under 拢100. Hotel is in the financial area and so its very quiet at the weekend. Lovely room, bit small but would'nt complain, nice bathroom, hotel staff helpful and the continental breakfast was great! Really close to Spitalfields market which I'd recommend to visit on a sunday, all in all would go there again.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>PortaferryPilgrim
<Content>a gem in london the staff were simply faultless always helpful, smiling and only to happy to give advice or directions. the hotel was very clean, roomy and well furnished. in short I travel quite a bit reference work and I can say I woun't stay anywhere else in london other than the apex. their bigest asset their STAFF  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Quinonostante
<Content>50th Birthday surprise! I booked this hotel solely because of the reviews I had read here on TripAdvisor. The occasion was my husband's 50th Birthday, and I wanted to make sure everything went smoothly.I booked through the hotel website, and added some extras to the stay to add to the weekend.Some things weren't in place when we checked in, but sales manager Scott, really couldn't have done any more to ensure that the rest of our stay was perfect, and for that we are very grateful.About the rooms; ours was a 'deluxe', and very spacious. Climate control quiet and effective. Great bed and pillows, sumptious robes. Quirky little expresso maker in our room was fun and love my Apex duck! (Nice touch). The lighting in this hotel is wonderful, and almost forces you into a relaxed state. The decor is chic and understated. Artwork is good, and if you don't like the COW then you are truly sad!Restaurant food is reasonably priced, brekkie less so, but worth it...Paul the host is charming and welcoming. My husband was off to see the American Football on the first morning and to get into the theme of the day he tried the pancakes, bacon and syrup - said they were great!Any crits? I think maybe some of the reception staff could do with being a little more welcoming, not everyone visiting is a businessman on an expenses account, and a warm greeting makes a lasting impression.Oh, nearly neglected to add, great location, quiet street, 5 minutes from Tower Hill tube, Whitechapel and the famous Jack The Ripper walk close by! Petticoat Lane market 5 mins walk away on a Sunday morning...great!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>raybo55
<Content>Good Location, Tiny Rooms Great location for business trip. All hotels in London are small and expensive. The pictures are a good representation of what you will experience. The place is newer with ok but small rooms. Can't see how two people would share a room of ths size. I like the separate stall shower. Not a great deal of hot water in the morning. Good food for London. BK up at the train station for US travelers. I arrived on a Sunday night and no internet through mid morning Monday. The desk tried to blame this on their service and suggested I call them, what BS. A business hotel needs to get the internet working at these rates, even on a Sunday. Good choice overall.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yuza77
<Content>Quite Good The hotel reception and bar look very nice and modern. The room was very nice as well.  It was nice to have a dvd player and plasma screen in the room and also a good hairdryer for once.  The hairdryer proved especially useful since we had the following problems:1) No heating in the bathroom 鈥?it was freezing cold. I had the quickest showers ever;2) When using any towel we ended up covered in white fluff and as wet as before鈥 ended up drying my face with toilet paper and drying the rest with the hairdryer (our friends shared the same problems due to the dodgy towels);The worst part however was breakfast. We just wanted to enjoy a simple English breakfast. Not such a weird request since we were in London. If I had known what a struggle it was going to be, I would have gone down the local pub. We were asked by the person in charge (breakfast room manager perhaps?) about 5 times what our room number was鈥hen he showed us to our table we were just left there with no consideration at all.After about 10 minutes we managed to get on of the waiters鈥?attention 鈥?after being asked about 3 more times what our room number was, he left telling us where the buffet was. The buffet, which was not in the same room we were sitting in, didn鈥檛 have the English cooked breakfast food we wanted - it was a cold buffet.He didn't bother telling us that, if we wanted a fry up/toast/tea/coffee, we had to order it from him 鈥?so we just waited patiently and finally, another 10 minutes later, we managed to place our order.We asked the breakfast room manager guy to put the bill on our room (by now you would have thought he knew the number by heart). However, when we left the breakfast room he came running after us, waving the bill in the air as if we were trying to do a runner鈥︹€︹€︹€︹€?br/>NO COMMENT - if you want breakfast just head to Starbucks or to a pub! Surely you will find friendlier and more helpful staff.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	3	3	5	3	3	

<Author>fraseyboyd
<Content>Great hotel, great service, handy location Overall, this was a great hotel and I loved the feel of the place. On arrival, at 9.00am, having taken the sleeper train from Scotland, they couldn't allocate me a room, which I half-expected, but they were happy to look after my luggage and I used the beautiful and well-equipped bathrooms downstairs from reception to get changed. Nice soaps, toiletries, hankies etc.Arriving back later in the day, my room was actually upgraded from that which I booked, so I had a superior double room for just me! (This was a Saturday night). The room was spacious, had a separate couch/TV/work area away from the bed, which itself was pretty big. Didn't have the over-supply of pillows and accoutrements that so often annoys me in other up-market hotels. Room was air-conditioned and I wasn't cold at all leaving it on all night, even in October.The bathroom had a walk-in (no stepping over) shower and a separate bath, both of which were very clean. There were four full-size bottles of toiletries - lemon scrub body wash, tea-tree shampoo, moisturiser and something else (didn't use them all!) I also liked the nice rubber-ducky in the bath!Breakfast was served on Sunday between 7 and 11 am. I was told when I arrived at the breakfast room (itself very nice) that I was having a continental buffet breakfast. Others seemed to be feasting on individually-cooked full English breakfasts so I asked and was told that apparently the rate I booked with my travel agent only included continental! Anyway, the buffet was pretty good, with one highlight being a lovely chef-made natural yoghurt with pineapple compote; also a great selection of cheeses, meats, nice, freshly-made croissants and pains-au-chocolat.The location was great for me. It's only 2 minutes' walk to Tower Hill tube station, from where you can get the Circle and District lines all over the city. So, it's not central, but it might as well be, because transport is so conveniently located.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Naishcombe
<Content>Hard to fault this hotel Having read other reviews we were confident to pre-pay with the hotel and secure rooms at a very competitive price. We had looked for 2 city-view rooms but on booking only one was available. This was rectified on arrival AND we were given a free upgrade for the second room.Rooms are clean, beds comfortable and our double was 6foot wide. The bathrooms are excellent with great showers and a good quality range of toiletries. Excellent hospitality tray and generous electric sockets. The public rooms are similarly spacious and well maintained.The cooked breakfast was, perhaps less inspiring and our friends were disappointed at the lack of vegetarian sausages nor was fish of any sort offered. Many people would be happy with the excellent continental style buffet which is cheaper and includes fresh fruit and good selection of cereals, breads, pastries, meats and cheeses. All good quality.The hotel is in a quiet location (valuable in London) and very close to Tower Hill tube station, No15 bus route into the West End with a very frequent service and one of the stops for the Open-top Sightseeing bus tours. As mentioned by previous reporter they will keep cases for you if you arrive early and/or want somewhere to keep them after check-out.Barry  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pyff
<Content>Lovely Hotel in a quiet, safe area! We were two girlfriends that stayed at the Apex for 3 nights. The first thing we noticed when we came from the underground was that the hotel was located in a very nice area, the only people we saw was office-workers. , There are sooo much people everywhere in London it seems, so we thought that the quiet area was great! It麓s located only 2 minuits walk from Tower Hill undergroundstation and really close to The Tower.We loved the hotel and our room, though the room wasn麓t big (standard twin room) it was comfortable and it didn麓t feel small. There was a lot of closet space and a fridge, also an ironing board and a really good hair dryer (in a lot of hotels they have those bad dryers that are attached to the wall that hardly has no power at all). The decor was beautiful, a lot of dark wooden details combined with light colors on the walls. Lovely pictures and nice curtains. The bed was comfy, the only thing that bothered us was that the sheets was TO crisp so everytime you moved the other person heard it. Big TV with DVD and a DVD-library in the reception where you could lend films for a deposit of 20 pounds.The bathroom was lovely, all tiled. A big walk-in shower AND a bathtub (last bathroom I saw in London was so small that I could hardly move in it at all so this was a nice surprise). The staff was very helpful and nice, and the service good. At arrival we asked for someone to go up to our room to unlock the windows (they are locked for safety reasons and have to be open with a key). The maid service was so fast that they were in our room even before we were :-) !We had booked and pre-paid for the continental breakfast. It was ok, but nothing to brag about....... Being from Sweden we are used to excellent hotel breakfast that has everyting one could desire, but of course we knew that english hotels has a totally different take on breakfast. Still we would have wished a bigger variety of bread for example. Some boiled eggs would have been nice and some hot food for example bacon (they have a menu to order from so you can get bacon if you pay extra).Another thing that bothered us was the bath towels!! It was virtually impossible to get dry by using them! I don麓t know what they-ve done to them, but I suggests that they buy new towels...... It麓s not to nice to get dressed when you are still dripping wet! All in all, we liked the hotel very much and I would definetly stay here again and recommend it to others!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>BobMQC
<Content>Great hotel, but in the price Good hotel but I am surprised it is so highly rated considering the location and prices (by location I mean it is in the City - convenient for business, but not the most attrative part of town otherwise)Everything worked in there; the only thing I found annoying was how hard it was to use the faucets - explained by staff by green considerations (to limit water use?)Fun feature (if this was on purpose) - female staff having kind of similar funky short haircuts. Not that it was useful, just funny to notice.Food in the hotel is great, but do not go to the pub they recommended down the road (Assembly I think?) - poor maintenance and bland foodWith all the positives, I feel the price was well reflecting the hotel's popularity - found it relatively expensive considering it is still 4-star and not in the best location. I even start suspecting that nice, but not-luxury hotels raise their prices as they get rave reviews; than the great value for money is gone.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>PMB1836
<Content>Excellent hotel Very comfortable - excellent breakfast and very well situated - would certainly return and recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Kathryn33
<Content>Fantastic!       Deluxe Room  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>malcolm28
<Content>fabulous apex hotel we had a fabulous time during our short break in london made even better with our lovely time at the apex hotel the service was impeccable and could not have wished for a better area for the nearby tower of london which was just around the corner,the hotel was so nice that we have booked to go to the apex international edinburgh in november and we feel confident that we will experience the same high quality service that we had in london,regards,malcolm and lorraine,west yorkshire  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>georgeholt26
<Content>Ideal Location We travelled down this Autumn for the London River Festival.Everything about the hotel was good, its ideal location for visiting all of the festival sites, its very close to Tower hill underground station which was a big help as we came down by train.The staff were very helpful and friendly and the rooms comfortable spacious and well equipped. We enjoyed our visit and the great river festival .We look forward to staying again next year.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrightonisBeautiful
<Content>Surprised at the price! Myself and boyfriend have just returned from a weekend break in London to celerbrate his birthday and chose after much searching the Apex City of London hotel. Upon searching on the net we did not expect much for the price we paid as this is a 4 star including Breakfast in central London but we were extremley surprised.....In a good way!The hotel is in such a good location for Tower Bridhe and the tube is only a few minuetes away. At night it was nice to see all London lit up and the area was actually quiet... Not sure if thats just a weekend thing though?Check in to check out everything a dream! Happy helpful staff, clean and modern hotel, great bedrooms with all you need and the Breakfast was nice. We paid the extra 拢5 to have a cooked one and it was so worth it. They even serve a scottish breakfast too! The bar serves great cocktails and had a good vibe about it.We loved the room, high standard, clean, and modern. Bed was very very comfy. We mentioned being there to celerbrate a birthday and was upgraded free of charge and it was nice having little extras like a extra chair in the room, and robes...We will be coming back in the new year and have recommended at least 5 friends to stay there when they visit London in the next few weeks.The reviews do it justice, its even better in real life though!Book because you will not be disappointed!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pendave
<Content>Relaxing First visit to London for a while actually staying in the city. Had no idea what to expect but need not have worried. From the moment we entered the hotel until we left,the staff were 1st class in everything they did,from the front desk to the kitchen. On entering our room we were delighted with the spaceious and well equipped facillities including the large walk in shower/wetroom ,the kingsize bed and the well stocked tea/coffee tray tucked neatly away in a cupboard along with a fridge. Everything you need is only a phone call away or just ask at reception as you enter or leave,from taxis to breakfast in bed nothing is too much trouble. Has to be one of the best nights sleep for a long time and was completely relaxed throughout the visit. The only way to rate our experience was excellent as anything less would not be fair to the staff who due to their professional approach made our stay complete.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Torbaz
<Content>Excellent! I've just spent two days with my wife in this wonderful hotel.My room had a view of the Tower Bridge.The room was spotless, immaculate with a very comfortable bed.The zone is a very quiet one.Even with our windows open we couldn't hear any noise form the street.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lizvt1
<Content>Beautiful Hotel -- Great Breakfast The Apex City of London Hotel is a beautiful hotel in a great location. The rooms are small, but they make up for it by providing a great atmosphere! We could walk from the hotel down to the Tower of London and the Tower of London Bridge. Here is a website that provides all their information http://www.apexhotels.co.uk/hotels/city-of-london/ ! They would mail out your post cards for you and their breakfast is very very good! The hotel is also very clean and made us feel like we paid a ton of money to stay there, which it isn't cheap, but it is worth every penny! We also enjoyed the safe walk or taxi around the corner to the London Underground Tube Station! A general London tip: Get the London pass because it REALLY is a wonderful resource for everything and saves you a little cash too! We really enjoyed eating at lots of places on their list!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>Bugsy47
<Content>Excellent hotel down a quiet street This is a very comfortable modern hotel a few minutes walk from the Tower of London, tube and bus services. Friendly and helpful reception, lovely clean room with a bit of space and most of what you could ask for including a safe and drinks making facilities. The only complaint would be a lack of daylight in the room - the small window faced a small dark area outside. As well as TV with a good variety of channels you can hire DVDs for a refundable deposit. If you pre-book breakfast on the hotel website you get a price reduction - the breakfast is fresh continental or combined full English and is freshly cooked - very yummy. Luggage can be stored safely after your checkout time. We stayed at a weekend which meant disrupted public transport and difficulty getting to the Barbican where we were due to meet our son. If going at a weekend and likely to use public transport check the tfl (transport for london) website for station and line closures. Buses 15 and RV1 from Great Tower Street and opposite Tower Gateway respectively also take you into the City. We would happily use this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>sinkyden
<Content>Lovely Hotel in a Nice Location We have just returned from a three night stay at the Apex, City of London, and what a lovely hotel it is. Our room was luxurious, to say the least, with one of the most comfortable sleeps I have ever had in a hotel bed. The hotel is located in a good, safe area, with the nearest tube only a matter of minutes walk away. There are some nice pubs nearby (though not too close, the street the hotel is in is lovely and quiet). The service we received was exceptional and I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>paushabar
<Content>fab hotel great location we stayed here for two nights for our 20th wedding anniversary and i have to say this is a fantastic hotel in a great location,when we looked out of our window we had a birds eye view of tower bridge.the staff couldnt have been nicer from the minute we checked in which i have to say was the smoothest check in ever,nothing is a problem.we had the breakfast on the two mornings and i would highly recommend this as you got a great feed and we didnt have to eat all day!!the rooms are a great size we had two televisions and two dvd players!!plenty of tea and coffe,biscuits and complimentary bottled water every day,the bed was sooo comfy.it was also so quiet at night but at the same time everything was so near,the tower hill tube station is just around the corner and the tower of london beside you and there are lovely walks along the river.we will definately stay in this hotel again and have recommended it to some of our friends who are going to london  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bobbyn
<Content>Great location and value We stayed here on September 12th and 13th to take in the Proms in the Park and the Thames Festival. Good sized room on the second floor with a view of the small adjacent park. The room was very clean with a large bed and good sized bathroom with a bath and separate shower - plenty of hot water at a good pressure. It was the weekend but even so the room was quieter than we expected and the heating/cooling worked well although the default setting at 23C was rather too warm for us at this time of year.Complimentary newspaper, great continental breakfast with a good selection of cheese, meats, toast and fruit as well as the usual continental pastries.Location was easy for transport - No 15 bus a short way away, the Tube even nearer and boats available within ten minutes walk alongside the Tower.Good value by booking on the internet and our room was upgraded on arrival.We booked this hotel as a result of the Tripadvisor reviews and were not disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>catjen
<Content>Great service, nice rooms My wife and me stayed from friday to sunday. The Hotel was very nice, we had a Superior King room, which had a nice standard, big bed, nice bathroom with shower room and bathtub. All the employees showed excellent service. We had ordered full breakfast and 3-course dinner. The hotels restaurant Addendum had also excellent service and great food at affordable prices.There is a nice gym in the basement.Its situated close to the Tower of London, the subway (circle line), bus 15 and the Thames with river boats. We got there from Heathrow, it takes about an hour if you first take the fast train to Paddington station, and from there changes to the circle line that stops very close to the hotel.Its not downtown london, but its easy to get there with bus and subway. Lots of cosy pubs and dining places just outside, that were full of life friday, but dead on saturday. The Addendum was open though, in case you don't want to go downtown.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>HLGibson
<Content>Awesome Stay We almost can't say enough about our stay here. We booked a deal through a London website similar to Hotwire/Travelocity. We got the rooms for more than half off their average rate. Rooms were very large, nice views and fantastic location.We didn't get a change to eat at the hotel, but it looked niced. Just across from the London Bridge.Rooms are very clean, staff was great, hotel was new and modern.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MandMKochi
<Content>A great place and another great stay Stayed for a weekend at this hotel in 2007 and had no sencond thoughts about going back when London called again this September.Like the location of the hotel, the rooms are stylish and discreet decorated, the amineties are as they are supposed to be.The staff is friendly and helpfull.Can only say one thing about this hotel. To me it's the only hotel in London.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>alenas12
<Content>Wonderful       Twin bed room  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>parnie-fish
<Content>Great location!! Great location - the only niggle i had was my husband booked this for my birthday and they had no notes on the system (even though he did phone to check) and they didn't seem to really care that they had forgotton , wasn't the best first impression! - the standard of english at check in was pretty poor.Great room (could do with a plasma!) good size, really quiet, nice modern decor , nice walk in shower , toilet was really hard to flush which was a pain but having said that would go back, loads of pubs/bars/resturants nearby. We got it though last minute secret hotels def worth the money, would recommend.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>GettingthereCardiff
<Content>Very good indeed My wife and I booked this hotel having read reviews and are delighted to say it lived up to expectation. We had a lovely room - not much of a view but very clean and comfortable.We used room service several times and had good experiences - very quick and good standard for food and drink. Room had ironing board and iron coffee/tea facilities, a proper hairdryer and a fridge as well as everything else you would expect. Nicely decorated with a flat panel TV on the wall with a DVD player as well. They have a good selection of DVD's to use if you wish at no cost - only a refundable deposit.Breakfast had a great selection/choice and we found the staff very helpful. The only slightly negative of the location of the hotel is the fact that none of the surrounding bars/restaurants seemed to be open at the weekend. We were given a recommendation from the concierge which turned out to be very poor (La Reuda - seriously don't go there). Apart from that very good experience and would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>parklandwalk
<Content>another stay, another 5* experience Booked a great deal at the weekend (deluxe room, 516) which has pleasing views over Seething Lane. 2 signs of a quality place: they ask for feedback and they use it. Apart from the spaciousness, the minimal yet really comfy styling, the excellent beds and linens and the overall good service they now offer espresso machines in the room (though admittedly I was happy with the normal filter coffee arrangement) and, er, spotted rubber ducks.Love the walk in power showers, the fact that it's quiet and the aircon actually works. (Even on fairly mild days it can be hot and sticky indoors). The only problem I have is an addiction to staying there. The one flaw - breakfast in the restaurant was surprisingly busy (lots of people staying yet the place seemed empty) and a little slow. Plus I missed out on the tattie scone by ordering the wrong kind of breakfast (the fry up instead of the braveheart). I'll stick to room service instead - quieter and you can order individual items a la carte. Why oh why can't they open more places in London and the rest of the UK - few places seem to get as much right as the Apex does.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jameshkfr
<Content>Could be better The power shower was not very powerful or hot. The staff at reception, although friendly, could not speak English well enough to explain the check in procedure to me. It took 3 of them over 10mins to explain it to me. If they could speak English well enough i would have understood the first time. I was not told at time of booking my room that a credit card is the best method of payment. I didn't have my credit card with me (only a debit card) when i checked in so i have now paid for my room twice. Once as a deposit which will be refunded to me within 7 days, then upon departure they take another payment for the correct value of your overall stay. If you pay by credit card you pay the deposit upon arrival and then get an immediate refund and then pay full balance when you check out.Other than that the room/hotel was clean  tidy and the breakfast was good  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	1	3	4	

<Author>hazamalaza
<Content>Perfect room, delicious breakfast, friendly service - I didn't want to leave! I booked this hotel via a booking website and got a very reasonable price of 拢112 including continental breakfast. Upon arrival at the hotel we were able to check in an hour early, but when we arrived at the room I soon realised that the seperate walk-in shower and the flat screen TV were not present, so I called reception to query the booking details. They reception staff advised that there were a few rooms that did not yet have these facilities, but they immediately offered to find me another room to my liking. I was SO pleased when we arrived in the second room (no. 403) - the flat screen TV was great and the room was a really good size (as was the bed!). As for the shower - WOW! You could easily fit 2 people in there and it had a lovely powerful water flow. The colours used in the bedroom included a beautiful orange colour - it was so cosy yet clean and modern too - perfect! I love to stay in hotels and one thing that I always notice is the quality ( quantity) of the toiletries. The toiletries at the Apex were lovely - with seperate shampoo and conditioner - good news for long hair like mine! Any plenty of it too. The facilities in the room were excellent, with ample tea  coffee, 2 complementry bottles of water and with an iron and ironing board in the room - which is a nice touch as in some hotels you have to contact reception to have an ironing board delivered to the room. The staff were very friendly and the breakfast staff were accomodating when it came to ordering a vegitarian English breakfast for my other half. We ate so much we had to lie down and the staff kindly let us check out a little later than specified. I could not fault the hotel room or the food and I am already planning to visit the hotel again. Excellent value for money and the location was great with so many beautiful landmarks in the vacinity. I have already recommended this hotel to several friends.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sarahLancashire
<Content>great hotel Really nice hotel. Convenient location just a few minutes walk from the tube. The room was really clean with a really comfy bed and a great bathroom with seperate bath and shower. Nice and quiet too. No complaints at all.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>traveller10001
<Content>Loved It! An oasis in the centre of London Booked this hotel for a long weekend in July and had a fantastic time. The rooms were lovely and well equiped with a fantastic huge bathroom and TV with DVD player. We were booked in for room only but ate from the bar menu the night we arrived and the food was great. The bar has a open fronted terrace looking onto a lovely little square and it is hard to believe you are in the centre of London as it is a lovely place to sit and have some food / a drink after a hard days sightseeing. The hotel itself is situated in the business district of the city and the area is quiet at the weekend but the tower bridge tube station is literally a two minute walk away and will take you straight into the buzz of the city.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sailinn
<Content>Gem of a hotel Loved this hotel. There are not many hotels in London that will live up to expectations but this one did. The hotel is spotless, the rooms modern and very comfortable. The staff were all friendly and the buffet breakfast was excellent. We appreciated the generous amount of toiletries in the bathroom and the large walk in shower. The hotel is in a great location as it is in a quiet street yet just a short walk to Tower Hill tube station and the Tower of London etc. I would stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>empy
<Content>Apex experience Really enjoyed our stay.Hotel well situated. Near transport.Lots of tasteful and imaginative touches.Very pleasant and helpful staff.Reasonable price.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DozyAF
<Content>Bargain for the weekend Once again we had an excellent stay at this top quality hotel.This hotel does very good rates on the weekend - less than 拢100 per night - for what is essetially a top quality business hotel during the week.Therefore you are getting top notch service, reasonably spacious and elegantly furnished rooms and a superb location near the Tower of London.Breakfast is extra, but getting pankcakes, waffles or eggs benedict for a leisurely in room breakfast is the extra indulgence that can make the weekend a real treat.I like the location, a few pubs and sites nearby, but to get into town the Tower Hill tube in a few minutes away and taxis to the West End etc are reasonably inexpensive and easy to find...  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Laulaa
<Content>Another glowing review for the Apex.       Pristinely clean bathroom.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>adamqaisar
<Content>Possibly one of London's Finest We (myself and significant other) stayed here for a weekend in January to celebrate an anniversary.I had been searching high and low to find a decent hotel with a half-decent location in London that was affordable since October. This was a tall order, but the Apex City of London far exceeded our expectations.The hotel is in a converted office building (pretty standard for where it's located), and is a stone's throw away from the Tower Hill tube station - getting there is incredibly easy, just don't do what I did and misjudge the distance from the tube to the hotel and walk right past it! Checking in was not a hassle at all, and the reception staff were extremely friendly (we arrived at 10PM) and were happy to help with any queries, their concierge service was also spot-on.To say that the hotel is clean is an understatement, it sparkles - there's a spotless finish to everything, even the rubber duck that they state in the room book that you can keep (I think they know that people would take it anyway!). The rooms have a very clean, crisp modern d茅cor and are rather large in comparison to other London hotels I have stayed in.The hotel itself has a prime location for tourists - a 5 minute walk brings you face-to-face with Tower bridge and the Tower of London, as well as a dock for the Thames Clipper.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HolidayQueenBarnsley
<Content>Modern bright hotel The hotel is right by the Tower of London and a great place to stay, especially if you plan to see this attraction. The nearest tube station is a couple of mintutes walk  as it's on the District line other attractions are never far away. If you want to stretch your legs you are right by the Thames - It takes about 20-30 mins to walk by the river to the London Eye, (as we discovered one night when the tube line was down!)The hotel is lovely - very clean and modern, friendly staff, great rooms. We were upgraded on arrival, which is always a bonus too! I thoroughly recommend it but I cannot comment on the bar or restaurant as we did not use them - but they looked nice!The Tower area is very quiet on a weekend, but there are some nice pubs near by (eg The Hung, Drawn and Quartered - dont let the name put you off its a very friendly pub!) and there are restaurants near by too. It was quiet, but had everything we needed and the tube makes everything else so near anyway in London.Eg of a perfect weeekend in London - Arrive Friday, check in to your nice (Apex) Hotel, then head to Covent Garden for dinner and a show. Saturday, do the Tower of London (Make sure you do the Yeoman tour, as they are full of knowledge and jokes!) then after go to the pub for a great British footie match and a few pints with the locals, then onwards for a curry. Tempted?!I would definately stay here again and think the value for money was excellent.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>rambleandwrite
<Content>A Great Find! I was discouraged by the high cost of lodgings in London where our 3 week stay in UK would end, so Apex was quite a find. Not only was it reasonably priced and well located near the Tower Bridge underground, but it was slick, spotless, roomy and felt very upscale. Their cafe was always disappointing, but I'm not sure London is known for its dining experiences. There's a great pizza place not far, and there you'll find great Italian fare. But the hotel itself was terrific and I'd go back there in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Saffa_girl22
<Content>Excellent value for money Stayed for just one night in transit at this hotel and was suitably impressed. Rooms are not huge but a good size and incredibly clean and tidy. Staff were friendly and helpful. All in all, a great experience and considering some of the other options in London, this was excellent value for the price.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Smo4ggy
<Content>Great getaway weekend Booked this hotel for a Theatre weekend for myself and my partner and also for a ruby wedding anniversary present for my parents. We had previuosly stayed at the Apex City Hotel in Edinburgh and on the strength of that stay which was excellent decided to stay here. It didn't disappoint. Room was large and very comfortable and included a sofa in front of the tv which made a change from sitting on the bed to watch TV. Excellent large powerful showers and nice accessories. The Rubber duck is a nice touch, our Edinburgh duck has a little friend now.View out of the window wasn't great.... overlooked the office block at the back but i wasn't there to gawp out the window so it wasn't a big deal.One small criticism.........was looking forward to a couple of nice cold pints of lager after coming in from the theatre but they'd only gone and ran out!!!!All in all a great stay and thoroughly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Happy_Jax
<Content>A perfect stay at this gem of a hotel! A* Service. There is no doubt that the Apex City of London hotel is one of the nicest hotels I have stayed in. It鈥檚 small enough to feel personal and 鈥榖outiquey鈥?but large enough to provide you with all the luxury extras you could hope for. From the moment we checked in 鈥?greeted by smiling staff, I knew it was going to be great. We were treated wonderfully by reception staff, even getting upgraded to a lovely deluxe room. The room itself was gorgeous 鈥?big, airy and spacious. It had everything you could possibly need for a few nights away, bathrobes, lovely smelling toiletries, mineral water and snacks, CD player/DVD/TV, squishy sofa with magazines and newspapers and a wonderfully large comfy bed!! We had the room service breakfast on our last morning 鈥?they had such a wide range of delicious things, it was hard to choose what to have! It arrived exactly when we had specified and was really fresh and tasty. We also had cocktails in the bar one evening, which was lovely 鈥?an extensive list and again, friendly helpful bar attender. Being a musical addict, I stay in London quite regularly and have never come across a hotel as good as the Apex - especially at such a good rate! It is worth every penny. As we stayed on a weekend where the underground service was really poor (half the stations closed!) we had every reason to be grumpy - but the second we walked through the door of the hotel we were reminded that there was at least one great element to our trip!! I will absolutely be staying in this hotel again on my next visit and encourage everyone else to do the same!!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wil2008
<Content>Unexpected surprise combination accommodation quality of service and food I have stayed at this hotel with my son during the weekend of 8 August 2008.The reviews were perfect already. This hotel is indeed truly perfect. The combination of the quality of the service, very kind, helpful and service minded staff make it worthwhile to return to this hotel. Very good tube connection 2 minutes from the hotel. And the quality of the breakfast/dinner/room service is very good.Will definitely stay here again and recommend the hotel to others.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>rossgil
<Content>Attention to detail, attentive staff We booked a room as part of a package which included admission to a London exhibition and were very pleased we did. A first class room with great attention paid to the small details and friendly, attentive staff made this a very pleasurable part of our weekend in London. Located close to the Tower, it's worth crossing the bridge on foot and strolling down the Queen's Walk (?) to the Globe. Also recommended is using the quicker river taxis as a tube alternative.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gus123
<Content>Style and class at the Apex Check out the Apex. Reasonably priced within a very short distance of Tower Hill tube and Tower Bridge. The hotel is modern and classy and the rooms fantastic. Great thought has been given to customer comfort and the staff are really friendly. Definitely a hit with us and well worth a visit.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>burt1972
<Content>Excellent hotel Stayed here with my wife for a weekend and we were very happy with what we found. i booked based on reviews here and found it to exceed my expectations. My expectations for a hotel are receptive staff, efficiency at reception, and a good nights sleep. All these were met but the room was far better than the price suggests, the service was generally above the level that i would have expected and the location was great.I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends or family. I will stay here again if in London.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ktnanci
<Content>Loved the Location       on the cow in foyer  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>stolengrapefruit
<Content>A really friendly hotel We booked this hotel as a 'mystery' hotel on Lastminute for a weekend break, paying 拢102 for a room on a Saturday night.It's in a great location, tucked away but easy walking distance to the Tower.It's obviously geared up for business travellers, but at weekends they seem to try really hard to fill the rooms with the likes of us. The reception staff were friendly and gave us a voucher for two drinks in the bar and 50% off in the restaurant. It almost seemed a bit desperate actually, but we didn't get a chance to use them as we had already arranged to go out. I'd have been quite happy to eat there though - it looked fine.The rooms were modern and plush, clean and had plenty of nice little touches such as free mineral water and even a rubber duck to take home!I'd happily go back, preferably at the Lastminute mystery rate!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>CCC22
<Content>Brilliant ExcellentWe first saw this hotel in Edinburgh and heard good things about it, so wanted to try the one in London. Checking in was simple, they looked after our bags until our room was ready. The first room was by the lift which has a loud speaking floor announcer in it, so best to avoid rooms near the lifts.We were moved to a better, quieter room with no fuss. We had a back room with no special view but you get the traffic noise if you have one at the front.The room was clean and well decorated, and even had a fridge! Very useful in the very hot weather we had that day. The air con was good too, essential in the heat of July in London! There is a separate shower and a bath. There weren't enough hanging rails for the towels tho. The duck is lovely addition and you can take it with you as a souvenir.We had an evening meal in the hotel and it was excellent. Good choice of wines and cocktails.Breakfast was lovely, had all the continental variety you would expect. For anyone who wanted to have a full breakfast, they had a Scottish (Braveheart) breakfast including haggis!Highly recommended for anyone wanting good value and style in the City of London.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>toomanybeds
<Content>A gem in a sea of mediocrity Finding fault with this hotel is really in the realm of the picky. The bathroom was silly, with the lighting only illuminating half your face, and no towel rails handy for the shower. The window is see through as well...draw the blind unless you really want to entertain the builders and office workers outside. Wardrobe space is tight for two - the ironing board fills up half of it. The phones fall apart when you try to use them; all the usual Philip Stark, eat your heart out stuff that we don't need and will be passe in a year. For the rest, the staff are exceptional, the food is terrific, the location is unmatched (pop in the church next door and say hello to Sam Pepys) and it is spotlessly clean - i.e. it pressed all my buttons, Pricey during the week (although you can enjoy eavesdropping on City bankers worrying about their jobs) but a steal at the weekend. In this part of town, it's really a toss-up between the Swissotel and the Apex, but the Swissotel is in desperate need of an upgrade so the Apex is a clear winner, despite the Swissotel river views.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PrincessSar
<Content>Another great stay! We stayed here for two nights on a weekend package that included continental breakfast. We arrived early to ask if we could store our bags but were told that a room was available for us and that we'd been upgraded! We were also given two drinks vouchers for the hotel bar.The room was great - very clean, larger than a standard room with a sofa, huge comfy bed, bathrobes and slippers and a lovely bathroom with a deep bath and separate walk in shower. Toiletries are very good quality - they smell nice and are in decent sized bottles.Breakfast was good - continental breakfast is a help yourself buffet with cereals, yoghurt, fresh fruit, bread and pastries, meats and cheese so there's plenty to fill you up. Tea, coffee and toast is served at your table and we found the waiting staff to be friendly and helpful.There's free wireless Internet in the hotel although the signal was a bit weak in our room. There was a cable for Internet access though, and that worked fine.We were able to leave our bags in the hotel's storage area when we checked out, which is really helpful.This was the second time we've stayed at the Apex and both visits have been enjoyable. It's my favourite London hotel by far!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>f2s
<Content>A jewel in London This is an example to the chain hotel world , and I quite expect the other hotels in this Apex group will be as good.Decent modern design.Outstanding staff service/attitude.Good rate available, try hotelsclick.comExcellent breakfast choice , my continental was included.Large shower , decent bath.Free Wifi and local calls.Large crt(!) tv , with dvd player , (but poor clock radio.)Good aircon.Generous shampoo etcGood restaurant table linen , (ironed onto table ! )Opposite a v/small park.What I was not pleased with:Firm bed.Poor room armchair comfort.Restaurant menu not available at the weekend.Small wine list.12.5% service added to the bill.No airmiles  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VBCM
<Content>Stylish London Hotel with excellent all-round service. Excellent proffesional service by all employee's in the hotel, from the reception to the bar. Rooms spotlessly clean with spacious bathroom. Good selection of tv channels available including sport and movies. This hotel is a gem, a real find which i will be returning to stay in the next time I'm in London.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jangophile
<Content>Excellent value around the corner from the Tower of London The Apex City of London is a find, just a few minutes walk to Tower Bridge tube station, Tower Pier, and the Tower of London. Our rooms were spacious, spotless, and beautifully decorated. Staff were gracious and helpful. Excellent value.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MissFairy
<Content>Great Location - generally good hotel Stayed in the hotel for two nights. The location is excellent, offering greta views of Tower Bridge but also very handy to the Tube. Hotel is clean with modern decoration. Our room was good, although a little on the small side and we were overlooking the back of an offoce block. Shower was massive, although the room was lacking the little extras that make a good hotel a very good hotel. Breakfast was good.Overall a good hotel, although I have stayed in better in London for around the same price.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>beezig
<Content>Excellent Boutique Hotel Excellent Hotel with very friendly and helpful staff, the rooms were excellent, large, modern and extremely cleanwith everything that you could wish for.Excellent Location, perfect for strolls down the embankment, try to find the More London address by the mayors office for excellent night time views of Tower Bridge.Highly recommended will stay there again and you get a free rubber Duck!!!!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Catherine97
<Content>Faultless Friendly helpful staff, a nice room, excellent breakfast and a very good price - this is a great London hotel.Location is a tad out of the way, but excellence of everything else made up for it. Tower Hill tube is a couple of minutes walk away anyway, and maximum half an hour by taxi gets you to the West End.Reception staff and concierge were all exceptionally charming and well-informed. Room was of reasonable size, bed was huge and very comfortable. Bathroom very nice, decent shower, nice upscale toiletries and liked the free bath duck. Decor clean and modern.Will definitely be back.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>morgainekipper
<Content>Hello Ducky! A great place to stay in London, quiet, yet near to the tube stations to get around easily. It is right by the Tower, and the river, we walked along the path near the river, as it was a nice day. A great shame about there being engineering works the day we booked in, but there you are!The room was spacious, and had a relaxed atmosphere. My freind and I had a room with a huge shower, and bath! As my freind said, 'I had to run round in the shower to get wet'! The bath was enormous, just one criticism was the safety bath mat, that moved and I didn't feel very safe getting out.The toiletries were of good quality, and generous sizes. We LOVED the duck placed on the edge of the bath, a great touch!The illuminated room numbers outside each room were really helpful, especially when trying to find our way back to our room after a night out!The staff were very freindly and helpful, sometimes it can feel intimidating in some hotels, but everyone was professional as well as freindly and looked after one of our senior party members, very well.The food was reasonably priced, and very tasty, we had breakfasts, and I thought the room service menus were reasonable too.We had a look at the gym facilities, but didn't go in to use the equipment!I would agree that it may not suit families very well, but we ranged from aged 50-80 in our party, and we still think of London as a different world from where we all come from (Ooop North). We all enjoyed staying, and having some luxury and a great way of starting and ending our recent holiday.Thank you to all the staff, and I would like the owners/and'or managers to know they have a great team of people working there.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>redwrangler91
<Content>Great Hotel Great hotel. Large room with 32 flat sceen TV, love seat and a king size bed. Large bathroom with large tub and a shower big enough for a few friends. Room is modern and VERY, VERY clean.If you use the provided robe and slippers, you'll get a clean one the next day. The bed linen was replaced every day. The staff is very quick to meet your needs.The hotel is near the Tower of London and does require a ride on the Tube or a bus to get to central London but with an all day ticket is no problem. Both the tube and the bus are a short walk from the hotel as is the Fenchurch railway station.I would recommend this hotel to everyone except those with small children.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Joyseekingbunny
<Content>Lovely hotel in good location This was a lovely hotel located very close to a tube station. It was ideal for visiting the tower of london and there were a few places to eat nearby. It was quiet and peaceful. The toiletries were good and there were free rental DVD's.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>appleberry06
<Content>Great place to stay Fantastic hotel, fabulous service and excellent rooms!We were lucky enough to obtain a room upgrade when checking in and this made our 10th wedding anniversary stay very special indeed. The room was spacious and incredibly clean, the staff were friendly and helpful and overall I have no complaints at all!We would definitely stay again and wouldn't hesitate to recommend to our friends and family  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cberling
<Content>Great hotel for a budget traveler When I booked this hotel, it was #1 on tripadvisor...not sure why it's dropped to #6! This hotel is mainly suited for the business traveler which is why it's located in the business district. My husband and I went to London for a weekend getaway, and loved the hotel. We stayed in a basic room for around 90 pounds per night. The room itself was small, but the bed was a King, and we had room to walk around. There is a flat screen t.v. on the wall with a dvd player, but remember it only plays the UK region. We happened to have a U.S. movie and it didn't work. The bathroom is HUGE for European standards. What impressed me the most (and I know this is probably insignificant to most readers) is that they had shampoo AND conditioner! All other countries only give you shampoo, which is frustrating when you don't want to pack your own products for weekend trips. The design of the room is incredibly nice for the price and this hotel could probably charge a lot more and still get as many reservations.The hotel is also next to the Tower Hill tube stop. This was great for the first day, but the city closed the Circle and District lines for the rest of the weekend! This was very upsetting because we had to walk 20 minutes to the next station and after walking around the city all weekend, the last thing you want to do is walk 20 minutes to a tube stop. Of course we were stubborn and did not take a taxi....we were using Dollars! So check with transportation before booking a hotel next to a tube stop if you plan to take the tube most of your stay. Apparently they close several major lines frequently on the weekends for work.Summary: If you want to stay in a nice, trendy hotel and not spend over 100 pounds per night, this is the place for you.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	3	3	5	

<Author>Voyageur510
<Content>Very nice, but not for families We stayed at the Apex for one night (had a flight out of Gatwick the next morning). This hotel caters to business travelers primarily and is in/near a business district. However, you can walk to the Tower of London and London Bridge from the hotel. As it caters to business clientele, the hotel is very well kept. However, I would not recommend the hotel for families on extended stays. As you walk through the hallways, it is eerily quiet and you could imagine the business folks locked in their rooms busy at work. So, we tried to keep our little ones quiet. BUT, the room was immaculate. We had a king-sized bed, love-seat, bathroom with tub and huge shower stall and a business desk. The room was quite large by European standards and the rate was just over 100 GBP/night. So, for one night, it was a great deal and we thoroughly enjoyed the spaciousness of the room as it was our last night in London and an 8+ hour Transatlantic flight awaited us the next day. Therefore, it was nice to be able to spread out a bit. When staying in hotels, cleanliness is near the top of my list and the APEX did not disappoint. As I said, it is just not suited for families.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>MissSUk
<Content>A fantastic stay in the APEX!!!! My partner and I stayed in the Apex in the City hotel for the weekend and very much enjoyed the experience.The hotel staff were extremely efficient and professional and we were able to check in quickly and easily. We were lucky enough to have an upgraded room for our stay, the room was extremely spacious with very clean and modern decor. Luxury toilettries were provided in the bathroom - along with the complimentary APEX rubber duck! We were also given a voucher to claim a free cocktail in the hotel bar that evening - a nice welcoming touch.The hotel is perfectly located by Tower Bridge and 5 mins walk from Tower Hill tube station. At night you can walk (10 mins) to St Katherine's Docks for bars and restaurants, some of which are open for breakfast if it is not included in your rate.I will definitely stay at this hotel again and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>catfaceinlondon
<Content>great hotel I stayed at the apex hotel for only one night but wished that it had been longer!The room was on the 7th floor and had a great view taking in landmarks such as the tower of london, tower bridge and the swiss re tower. The room itself was fantastic, immaculate, modern and chic. It consisted of a bathroom, living room area, bedroom and veranda. The rooms were spacious (unlike many other hotel rooms i've been in) and stocked with everything i needed to enjoy my stay. The staff were great and very helpful, I especially liked the complimentary cocktails on arrival (they were delicious). I have already recommended this hotel to my friends and would definately keep apex in mind for any future trips.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Elainos
<Content>Loved the Apex City Of London Hotel Booked the Apex City of London Hotel for 2 nights based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. I was not disappointed. This is the nicest hotel I've stayed in in London to date. The best points of this hotel are the staff, the rooms and the proximity to the tube station. The staff in this hotel were more than helpfull with all our requests.I will be staying here again.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>barneyMiddlesbrough
<Content>luv a duck On arriving at the apex city of london at 11.55 am on friday 27th june thinking we could leave our luggage before the 2 oclock check in time in the hotel and come back later, we went to the reception, we where greeted with a big smile from the staff and asked our names and was told our room was ready to go in to wow what service. On entering our room on the second floor we gasped at the size of the bed, all the facilities you would need on your stay was in there, nice flat lcd tv on wall dvd player on glass shelf alarm clock radio on entering the bathroom nice power shower and separate bath what i thought was a light dimmer switch on the wall was in fact a volume control for the sound for the tv for whatever channel you where happening to be watching . you are catered for every eventuality in your room .oh yes the duck was in the bathroom. breakfast was excellent nothing too much trouble for the staff on your beck and call for anything you need ,well it is exactly what it says on the tin you will not be dissapointed with this hotel we will be back fully recomended to all our friends, short walk for underground tower hill ,very quiet over the weekend not a soul about . MrMrs Oldfield  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dribbs
<Content>Once again amzing This is our second stay within the year. This time for a special occasion and we bought along 11 other people with us. aged from mid tenties to lat sixties. Everyone member of our group had a wonderful time and loved the hotel. The location is one of the best, a short walk and you are on the river, in the other direction it's less than five minutes to the tube and a short journey into the centre of town.The rooms maybe on the small side, but they are perfectly formed and I still swear they have the best hotel bathrooms ever.The staff are all of the highest standard and make you feel like a true guest without fake smiles and non of the fake chit-chat that some hotels train their staff to speak.I can't wait to stay again and I would recomend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chantmaster
<Content>Reeeealy nice rooms This was the nicest hotel room i've stayed in for a while..The location is quite decent as well.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>steverino22
<Content>Really Impressive Value For Money My daughter and I spent two nights at the Apex last week. We had been looking for a decent, convenient cost-effective hotel in the center of London. After checking TripAdvisor we decided to try the Apex. We weren't sorry! Being just a five minute walk from the Tower Hill tube station, it was a breeze to get to the Tower of London early in the morning and beat the crowd. The room decor was modern and new (including flat screen TV), the climate control worked great, and free wifi was a bonus. There was no free breakfast (it cost GBP 13.50) but the price was right nevertheless. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>jajd123
<Content>Great hotel in the city       Fab bath with trademark rubber duck!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Axel007
<Content>Very nice Apex Stayed at Apex for 2 nights in January 2008, and on the overall, we had a very good stay.Location is good though not central, but tube is only 5 min. walk away and will bring you anywhere you need. Tower of London also 5 min. away, and the City is worth a visit for both contemporary architecture and old neighbourhood lovers.The positives are the staff, always very friendly. Hotel is very contemporary chic, sleek design, although not cold. We had a Deluxe room on the corner of the building with 3 windows on 2 walls overlooking the City (5th floor) ... Lovely view at night ! Room very spacious (king size bed, sofa, coffee table, big closets, desk area, nice decoration items), bathroom also big (tub, separate walk-in shower). Much more space than what you usually get in London for that price, it really had a little my own studio feeling attached to it. All amenities such as kettle, tea, coffee, iron, ironing board, very nice closets with lots of shelves, hangers, drawers, nice toiletries and lovely Apex rubber duck in the bathroom. TV and DVD player, nice selection of DVD's avaialble for free at the reception. The big plus, the small fridge in the room. Not a minibar, a fridge, empty, where you can store your wine and food from MS to have it at hand for a cosy aperitif after a long day before hitting the town again !On a less positive note, the cleaning, though OK on the overall, was not perfect: dust on all frames, on the bedside lamps .. nothing dirty, but giving it an odd impression for a 4 star ... Also we could hear a lot of noise from water running even in the middle of the night (?), the airco system was also quite noisy and always blew cold, even if you put it on 25 掳 ... Cannot comment on bar, restaurant or room service as we always ate outside or brought everything back with us from MS (5 minutes walk).So all in all, I definitely recommend Apex for the room space, the nice decor, the real chic atmosphere and elegant feeling of it.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	2	5	-1	-1	

<Author>flowerpot62
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in the Apex. The rooms were spotless and larger than the average London hotel. Staff were very friendly and the food was delicious. I am already looking forward to returning.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>moosehoose
<Content>Loved the Apex This hotel is very modern and stylish, has everything you could want for a luxurious stay.The bath is enormous as is the walk in shower and the complimentary toiletries, bathrobes and slippers just topped it all off.The beds are very comfortable with crisp white sheets.Nothing was too much trouble for the staff and we found everyone to be very helpful.On the downside the hotel is not in the best situation for a weekend away as the majority of what is around about it at the weekend closes as it is mostly used by the business men and women during the week.However Tower hill tube station is a 2 minute walk so everything is accessible and the Original Tour bookings are across the road as is the bus stop for it.We did have a lovely meal at the tapas restaurant across from the Tower of london which is about a 2 minute walk from the hotel, would highly recommend.Would not reccommend the Wetherspoons (which is right around the corner) for anything other than a drink.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JAXMASSIE
<Content>Smashin hotel, great location Stayed here for two nights and it was an absolute pleasure. The hotel is located only 2 minutes from Tower Hill tube station making it very easy to get around London.The rooms were nicely decorated (modern) with a great shower and lovely toiletries. Even had a cute rubber duck!The bed was nice and comfy and the air conditioning meant a good nights sleep even though it was really mild.Some nice bars and restaurants nearby too.Only problem we had was finding something to eat after coming back from the foo fighters gig - everything shut by midnight!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Piscesman
<Content>Couldn't ask for more....... Excellent value (at London prices) for a luxury stay. Initially disappointed having failed to barter a full English breakfast into the price of saying but couldn鈥檛 have been more impressed with the quality, service and above all else, the continental breakfast included in the price! Awesome!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Skoglund
<Content>Great Hotel - We Loved It The Apex City is a good business hotel which we found perfect for a weekend in London. The City is quiet in the weekend, but the hotel is easily accessible by the Underground. The staff was very friendly and the room both comfortable and clean. All in all a very nice stay, and we will surely come to this hotel for our next visit to London.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shiels
<Content>Great staff and location Excellent hotel in a quite location beside Tower Hill Tube Station.The staff were very pleasant and helpful and in particular the dining room staff. The accomadation was clean, modern and bright. Eating here was a delight .I would recommend this hotel to any tourist visiting London for it's ease of access to London's underground and The Tower of London  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BettyBoop31
<Content>Clean, bright and modern Checking in was great, room ready early. Room very nice and clean with lovely toiletries; although it has to be said that we were much too hot despite using air conditioning. Bed comfortable, nice crisp, white bedding. Staff very helpful and friendly, especially young chap at reception who gave us maps and directions, could not have been more helpful.We had choice of cooked and continental breakfast. Good choice of fruits, breads, meats, fish, juices. I am a vegetarian and on first day asked for vegetarian breakfast which when arrived, consisted of tomato, one mushroom, 2 tablespoons baked beans and very small potato cake. This was just normal breakfast without meat but a minute portion. Think they could have given me few more mushrooms and tomatoes and beans to compensate; not very veggie friendly! On second day, waiter got very confused by veggie breakfast and offered us a pancake, which we accepted. Unfortunately when it arrived it was covered with bacon so waiter removed bacon but was unable to remove bacon fat so unable to eat pancake!!! Very nice hotel with very nice staff, lovely clean and fresh but combined with theatre tickets (was in a package) was very costly and room looked right at a brick wall. Would have expected better view for the money.Little bit more difficult to get around from this location than, say, if you were staying at Covent Garden or Oxford Street and this wasnt helped by the fact that there was severe disruption on circle line on the saturday night and on the sunday some stations and lines disrupted because of engineering works (although this was not the fault of the hotel). Just look at map to see if this location suits your needs.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kirstenoel
<Content>Lovely Hotel with a few downs! I was really impressed with this hotel when I arrived. Check-in was quick and friendly  all the hotel staff are extremely helpful. The rooms were nice - quite spacious and very clean, but they were ridiculously hot. We had two rooms and both of them were unbearably hot. There was air conditioning but it didn't seem to do much.The bathrooms were very nice - but beware of the shower heads - they're not very secure and the force of the water pushed mine out of the wall and almost hit me - they're big metal baton-like things!!! On the first day, breakfast was delicious. All sorts of fruit and yoghurt, meats and fish, buns, bread, croissants, pastries, cereal and a cooked breakfast option. 2 of our party are vegetarians so ordering a cooked breakfast with no meat was fine, However on the 2nd day, too much of a fuss was made about having breakfast with no meat and the guy offered us pancakes instead because it seemed too much of an effort for him to order us 2 vegi breakfasts.When our pancakes arrived, they were stacked high with bacon, so naturally, I said we don;t eat bacon that's why we have pancakes - so, they took the pancakes, scraped the bacon off and returned them to us, covered in bacon fat. The hotel is situated very near to Tower Hill station which is fine. We went to London to see the Lion King and Hairspray and found it OK getting to the theatres, but it was a bit tricky getting back!Fantastic London hotel, with just a few mishaps!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>KDINAZ
<Content>Pefect Hotel, staff and rooms       outside the front of the hotel  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Haggis_Supper
<Content>Great boutique hotel, quiet location As a regular visitor to London I've had the misfortune to stay at the Tower Hotel and the Radisson West End - both depressingly dated. However I had the fortune to stumble upon the Apex hotel and have now stayed here several times in the last year or so.It's located in the east of the city, close to Fenchurch Street Station but on a beautiful and quiet square. No through traffic and no noisy pubs, clubs or clientele. Close also to the Tower of London and Tower Hill station.Its relatively small, and new. The rooms that I've stayed in have been very modern with a small lounge area with a desk, tv, and dvd player. Large beds, a second tv and plenty of wardrobe space. Bathrooms are clean, modern and a good size - all have had a bath as well as a shower. There are the usual nice touches - 2 bottles of water each night, bed and room prepared each evening, towels, slippers and dressing gowns left out. I ordered room service twice and both times it was excellent. Breakfast was fine, if a little pricey - then again this is London.There is usually a gym (very small) but this has been out of order for a couple of months as its being refurbished - and hopefully made bigger. They do give you complimentary membership of the local Virgin Gym though, which was close by and excellent. The staff appear to be mostly eastern european, whcih can cause a wee problem from time to time - my scottish accent wasn't always understood ! However they were, without exception fantastic - friendly and helpful. The only downside is the price. 拢255 a night, then vat of 拢45 on top, made it an expensive stay for 2 nights. However, it is London, it's a great location and an excellent hotel. Worth paying the extra.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Chabeli_ch
<Content>Great Stay at London Apex Hotel-Great Price for Value We stayed at the Apex Hotel during the Pentecost Week End and really enjoyed it ! We unfortunately landed in London Luton and it took us 2h to get there ( we used a very nice taxi company called ladycabs and negotiated the price for both ways), but we arrived safe and sound. The reception was very helpful at checkin and had our luggage stored while we started visiting the surroundings. The room was large and very comfy and had a very nice and large en-suite bathroom. We had view on the back so it was really quiet! There is a large buffet at breakfast with differents breads and viennoiseries, delicious fresh fruit, ham, eggs, cheese ...I asked for margarine, but apparently they do not have it ( the name of margarine in England is called Flora, fyi) We had one dinner at their restaurant. The service is very nice and the food very good ( but it's pricey!). At the brasserie, they serve more simple food, and for a good price for the quality. Overall, I would recommend the Apex hotel-for its great location next to the London Tower and close to the tube, the good price / quality range and the service. However, I will definitely have a close look at my CreditCard Detailed account ( see review below) ... just in case !  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Claire166
<Content>As good as the reviews Perfect location for the Tower of London, although a tube ride to other main attractions if you are seeing the sights.Hotel was modern, trendy, clean and spacious. Staff and general service were excellent.Continental breakfast was really good quality with lots of choice.Lots of nice touches that made this a special stay  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>sexymerth
<Content>great all round Stayed one night at hotel and could not fault it at all. All the staff on reception were very courteous and helpful. The room was great with nice facilities and was brilliant to stilll be able to book a smoking room in these health concious days. Would use again def.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DrGBristol
<Content>Beware theives I really enjoyed my stay at the hotel, and thought the room and breakfast were excellent. Considering the location, I thought it was good value for money as well. However, there was a problem. On booking in, the receptionist insisted on taking my credit card details, even though everything had already been paid for. When I looked at my next statement, I found that somebody had used these details that very evening to purchase two lots of jewellery on-line. As this also required the 3-digit security number, the only person in a position to do this was the girl on reception. My bank refunded the money, and I wrote to the head of security at the hotel. His response was completely dismissive, simply saying the hotel was not responsible, and that I should take this up with my credit card company. There was no interest in identifying who was responsible, which we could have done easily by checking the rota and ascertaining the delivery address for the jewellery. This would put me off staying there again.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	5	2	2	3	

<Author>BluebirdBuddy
<Content>As good as the reviews We used TripAdvisor to help us find a hotel for one evening. I am pleased to say that the hotel lived up to expectations. The hotel is very conveniently located near to the Tower Hill tube station and is in nice quiet location with some bars and restaurants nearby.Customer service was excellent, as was the room itself. Much larger room than other hotels I have stayed at for more money in London. There was a sofa in the room in front of the TV where there was a DVD player with a choice of free DVDs from reception. In room amenities were excellent.We also chose to have room service for breakfast which was delivered on time by a helpful member of staff.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel and will be staying again on our next trip.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JTSale
<Content>A+ for APEX!!! We have stayed in some (what are decribed as 4 / 5 star hotels) over the years in London and can honestly say NOT ONE has come anywhere close to the quality of this hotel. Ok the location isn't the best if you are looking for plenty of night life (especially at the weekends) but it is the City after all!!!! Asides that it is PERFECTION!!!! The staff a very friendly, the rooms are loveley. The bathrooms are modern and clean. Personally I am not going to waste my time looking through website after website at different London hotels in the future.....I am going to book the Apex time and time again. Trust me......you WILL NOT regret it.......Go on book it...you know you want to.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tinkertaylor10
<Content>Fab hotel        Fabulous Bed  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>drumrisk
<Content>Apexcellent! My partner and I had one of our best hotel stays ever, anyhwere at this hotel (and we've stayed in 5-star in Dubai and Sydney with much less)!We booked the room via the hotel website and by the looks of the website, the stay was something to look forward to - and we were not disappointed. Friendly staff, great location, and a wonderful room for such a fantastic price! Added to that, we had the best sleeps we've ever had in a hotel (perhaps we can get the brand-name of the mattress??).Despite the hotel being in the City, the quietness of the area at the weekend was a welcome change from the hustle and bustle of Oxford Street and we could walk around to admire some of the great buildings in the area. Getting a bite to eat was not a problem and getting to and from different places couldn't have been easier with Tower Hill and Monument tube stations nearby. Will be telling our friends about this great find and will definitely be looking to book this hotel for our next stay in London!  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>interloper
<Content>loved this hotel this hotel is a gem in London--great group of staff, who were very friendly and were sincerely attentive to all our needs. the room was clean, sleek and cool modern with great bath and fabulous toiletries. well thought out design to incorporate alot of extras. The location is block off the tube and Tower of London so easy to get around. really a great place to stay!  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fizzb
<Content>Lovely hotel, great value Just home from a 3 night stay in the Apex - excellent!! Well appointed room, with a really comfy bed  pillows. Proper, sensible hangers that you can take out of the wardrobe in their entirety, rather than those daft ones where you leave the metal bit behind! Good shower with plenty of oomph, and some lovely toiletries (all in 125ml bottles, which were replaced every day, so will keep us supplied for ages!). Also a nice big bath. Complimentary paper (Independent) every morning.We didn't eat in the hotel, but did have a drink in the bar, which was quiet, but the service was good.Slight issue on check in - reception couldn't find our reservation, but they gave us a complimentary drink while they sorted it out, and were very apologetic, so it wasn't a problem.Quiet location, but only a couple of minutes walk from Tower Hill underground. Will definitely use the hotel again, and will be recommending it to anyone who'll listen!!  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelbugsBarnet
<Content>Amazing Apex Stayed at the Apex for just one night. Was excellent value for money, plus we got upgraded on arrival. Our room was much larger than expected. Very nicely decorated, all very sleek and modern. Lots of nice touches like toiletries, big selection of tea/coffee, free dvd rental, rubber duck! Very clean and new looking. The service was brilliant. I can't fault it. Will definitely be going back again soon!  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>neilcal
<Content>Great hotel! We stayed here for the London marathon in April. The room and bathroom were great. Only problem was you couldn't see the tv from the bed because it was in a big cabinet facing a little sofa-but some people might like this. The Decor was perhaps a little gloomy, not as bright and airy as the novotel The kids in the other room had a normal arrangement. The TV itself looks a bit dated, a big old flat screen as opposed to the LCD in the Novotel round the corner. 拢142 including full breakfast.Staff were great, breakfast was really good.tower bridge and the tower are a short walk away.In a really quiet street, had a really good sleep.We loved this hotel, we tried to book again for the next week but it was full.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gst1
<Content>2nd time even better.       Ceasar Salad  Steak/Fries tasty!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>appyhammer
<Content>a good clean hotel Stayed for a weekend. A good hotel and would stay there again, staff were friendly and helpful, and the room was clean  well equiped, and the bed comfortable.Situated about two minutes walk from Tower Hill underground station.Did not eat in the hotel but had breakfast in weatherspoons just around the corner for a third of the price.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>queenfan4ever
<Content>L@@k no more just book here at the Apex City of London 100% recommended - We stay in London 2-3 times a year and have NEVER returned to any hotel, for one reason or another. We will look no more and only stay at the APEX CITY OF LONDON HOTEL now. Value for money - we had a lovely large and very clean room, tastefully decorated, beautiful clean bed, and super shower room - we found the staff very helpful from front of house to cleaners and they were all friendly - the location was great a stones throw from the Tower and tube station - close to good bars and resturants if you did want a change from the hotel - we felt very safe around the area - we cannot think of one thing that could have improved our stay at all. Thank you to all the staff, we can't wait to come back, oh and thank you for the duck I love him. We will recommend to all our family and friends, see you soon.Mr  Mrs JacksonCounty Durham  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vecturist14
<Content>5 stars for the price of 3 I stayed here for one night, needing a last minute hotel room after a conference, checking in late. I wish I had had more time here and will definitely return during my next visit to London. Room was immaculate and nicely furnished with lots of nice touches like a robe and bottled water. The bathroom was almost as big as the room - the separate tub and shower were great (along with the rubber duck). Hotel itself was very quiet.My reservation included breakfast the next morning and the selection was wonderful with great service.The Apex easily beat the $800 a night hotel I also stayed in during my time in London as far as service and extras.My two minor complaints - when I checked in, the clerk did not explain that I needed to slip my key card into the slot for the room lights (it took me a few minutes of fumbling). Also I loved the toiletries provided, but they were too big to be included in a carry-on bag (over 100ml size).  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>WorldTraveller2003
<Content>Superb. Excellent hotel.Great location just round the corner from the Tower of London, very close to 4 very nice bar/restaurants and the hotel has a nice bar and restaurant of its own. Tower Hill tube is 200m away and a stop for the regular and 24hr no.15 bus service into the bright lights of the West End (via St Pauls, the Palace of Justice, Fleet Street and the Strand) is also just round the corner. Often, the no.15 will be that London classic, the Routemaster bus with its jump on/jump off platform at the back.Transport connections for the international travellers are within easy reach. The Circle Line tube for Victoria station (with its rail link to Gatwick Airport), Paddington (for Heathrow), Liverpool St (Stanstead) and St Pancras-Eurostar plus the DLR (for London City airport) stops at Tower Hill.Hotel itself: Our room was quite small with room for the bed and not much more but it was extremely comfortable and the bathroom is very nice with separate large shower.Service is excellent with professional and friendly staff on reception and in the restaurant. One annoying point was the bar charged 拢6 service to our bill for two glasses of wine even though we were sat at the bar. Should have questioned it (and would have almost certainly got a refund) but I didn't. It's something for you to watch out for.I only usually go to London for the weekend (the city as a whole just seems to get better with every trip....except for the prices!) and this is where I'll stay from now on. Well, here or the New Dawn Hotel. Can't decide. Too close to call.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EWorthing
<Content>Apex City - Brilliant Hotel I had only read good reviews about this hotel and we weren't disappointed when we stayed. I was worried it would be too far out but it really isn't that far when travelling by tube but we took advantage of the location and explored Brick Lane on Saturday night and Spitalfields Market on Sunday which were both really interesting.The staff at the hotel were very helpful and looked after our bags before we checked in and after we checked out. The room was very comfortable, it had everything we needed, even a proper ironing board and iron and it was stylish. All for 拢98 for a Saturday night, including breakfast booked via GTA hotels. I'm looking forward to staying there again.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>vixgaston
<Content>Great hotel Great hotel, great location. Everything you could possibly want for in your room - proper decent hair dryer, iron and ironing board, well located plug sockets, FREE WIFI, complimentary newspaper, excellent tv channel selection, good amount of towels and bathroom products, complimentary water and above all friendly and efficient staff. Have even just had an email from the manager thanking me for bothering to fill in the satisfaction questionnaire in the room and asking if there was anything that i felt was missing during our stay!I stay in a good number of hotels and am pretty hard to impress, i shall be making the Apex my regular London hotel from now on!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>daveybear
<Content>Wonderful stay From the moment we walked into the reception, the staff were very helpful and knowledgable and nothing was too much trouble. We were down for the marathon and everyone went the extra mile to ensure that we were looked after. The location is great for the tube and sightseeing, the rooms are very pleasant and there is a very laid back feel to the hotel.There was nothing that I can find to say about the hotel other than the whole stay was absolutely top quality.Would definately return.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>memberiow
<Content>Great London Hotel Only had a one night stay, but will definitely return to this lovely hotel As stated by other reviewers, the hotel is only a few minutes walk from Tower Hill tube station and whilst not exactly central, is within very easy reach of all major attractions.The room although not large was well appointed and the beds very comfortable. The complimentary water was a nice touch especially as there was a fridge to chill it in. Decent coffee was also provided as well as tea and hot chocolate.The bathroom was the best we've had in London; the separate power shower especially impressive. Lovely toiletries and a cute rubber duck to welcome us!The standard of cleanliness was excellent and all the staff we met were polite,friendly and hepful.As another reviewer has mentioned, it was also wonderfully quiet and we were not aware of any noise at night. As it was unseasonally warm, it was good that the air conditioning worked well and almost silently.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>brucespet
<Content>Great Find Have just returned having spent 3 nights at this hotel and our overall stay was absolutely fantastic. Definitely couldn鈥檛 fault the hotel or the staff on anything.The hotel is literally a five-minute walk from Tower Hill tube station. Our flight was early, way before check-in time, but the front desk staff were more than happy to help and checked us in straight away to their first available room. The room was immaculately clean and as stated before was modern and well equipped, especially the toiletries in the bathroom. The breakfast was fantastic and the quality of the food on offer was superb. The hotel itself is extremely quiet 鈥?we never heard a door bang or another guest on our floor the whole weekend, despite the breakfast room being full in the mornings!I鈥檓 glad I researched Tripadvisor before we booked anything. This is definitely a good find and I wouldn鈥檛 hesitate to stay here again when in London.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dualta
<Content>Best London Hotel I booked this hotel last September on the brilliant website Londontown.com. We stayed 29th February for 3 nights. I travel to London every spring with my cousin and this hotel is the best hotel I ever stayed in. Everything about the hotel was fantastic, every single member of staff where brilliant. We look forward to returning here next spring.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>asty
<Content>Loved it This is the second time we have stayed at the Apex, and once again it was great!We got a very good price from Expedia. I just hope the price stays the same.We were upgraded to a room on the top floor with a view of Tower Bridge.Once again the room was extremely clean and tidy and we found the staff to be very welcoming and friendly.Look forward to our next stay in May.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sarphil
<Content>Clean, modern and friendly Spent 3 nights in The Apex. I had forgotten to check the exact location before I left home - all I knew was the address and that we should alight at Tower Hill. However, after consulting the map at the station, the hotel was really easy to find and only a 2 minute walk. Arrived on Friday at about 10.30am. Unfortunately, we could not check in yet but were able to leave bags with the concierge. The receptionist was not as friendly as expected, so this was a bit disappointing. The room was average size for a city hotel and was nice and bright. The bed was really big and really comfortable and the decor was modern but cosy. The bathroom had a bath and a separate walk in shower. Excellent toiletries and of course, the rubber duck! There was a full length mirror in the wardrobe and tea and coffee making facilities. There was complimentary sparkling and still water - a nice touch.The breakfast was excellent. We did get a cooked breakfast on the first morning, but the continental (which was included) was sufficient. The staff in the restaurant were very professional and very friendly - especially the maitre d'. The bar area is very comfortable and relaxing and has a great cocktail menu! We did not dine in the hotel but did get room service which was excellent.On check out, the receptionist was much more friendly and so, I would judge the hotel on her rather than the previous one!The hotel is in the City, so therefore it does have a business feel and alot of restaurants and bars are closed at the weekend, but you can easily hop on the tube or a bus and go wherever you like and it is not too far to walk to St.Paul's Cathedral which has alot of restaurants opposite. Next time I am in London, I will definitely stay in The Apex and would consider her sister hotel whenever I am in Edinburgh as a result of this stay.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>jayemtee
<Content>Quiet London 4 Star       Outside front of Apex City Hotel  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lsC_tripad
<Content>Exceptional stay We have stayed in this hotel 3 days for a romantic stay in London.Our experience was fantastic. Everything from the lobby to the room was perfect. The receptionist and all the staff are gentle, friendly and professional. The room are calm, warm, comfortable and nicely decorated. The breakfast is tasty and includes fresh foods (fruits, bread, ..) of quality. The hotel is close to transportation, tourist spots and restaurants while a bit off center.I would definitely recommend this hotel and would enjoy stay there again. Finally, the price (Internet rates) are very fair.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Diarmaid
<Content>Fantastic London Hotel I stayed in the Apex for a weekend and I can't fault the hotel. Given the cost and small rooms in most London hotels, the Apex was a pleasant surprise. The hotel is very modern and had everything you would need. It is located 5 minutes away from Tower Bridge. The breakfasts were simple and the service was also excellent. The rooms, while small were modern and clean.In light of the relatively low cost of the rooms, I would recommend this hotel for weekend visitors. Our only problem was finding the hotel as it is tucked away. That said, it's close to tube stations, bars and restaurants.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Brajo
<Content>As usual, a very pleasant stay! I've stayed 3 times now in the Apex City hotel, London and will go back again for sure (no mice at all)I got to the hotel at 12pm and asked if I could leave my bags to check in later, but the friendly staff member said if a room was available that I could check in straight away. Following morning, went to take a shower and only had 1 bath towel, so called down to get another. Only when I went to get the hairdryer after, realised there were spare towels in the press....should have checked first!Staff are always friendly in this hotel, from check in to check out, room service, bar, concierge, etcLocation is great. Turn left and Fenchurch St station is a few minutes walk, and turn right and you are at |Tower Hill tube, or Tower Gateway DLROh, and for the 1st time, I did some proper exploring down around St Katherine's Docks. It's beautiful here, and I highly recommend the tour of Tower Bridge  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>eebeegeebees
<Content>A Great Find I needed to book a number of rooms in central London for family attending my brothers wedding. The location is fabulous, tucked away very close to Tower Bridge and the Tower of London.Within walking distance are attractions, restaurants, bars and cafes.I booked the weekend so enjoyed very good rates (about one third of the week night price).Hotel was modern, classy design with a funky-chic ambience. Room was small, but other members of our group had spacious rooms. This wasn't a problem as we were out quite a lot. Widescreen TV and a fantastic bathroom with both bath and walk-in shower, complimentary toiletries were nice as was the rubber duck!Perfect for a city weekend break. Breakfast was typical London prices (拢13.00 continental and 拢20.00 for a fry up) so don't bother with that, a short walk and you will find what you need for a fiver.I parked about 2 mins away in an underground carpark. Again weekend rates were good (拢2.50 for sunday) and about 拢2.00 per hour at other times.All in all, highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JWBruce
<Content>Deserves its ratings This is an excellent hotel and well deserving of the plaudits it has received from other reviewers. The staff were thoroughly professional and helpful: the rooms are well-appointed and attractive and the hotel itself is in a good location.It is in a business centre but there are plenty of historical sites of interest in the area. Transport to and from other parts of London was straightforward and there is the added bonus of the Thames Clipper which stops at the Tower Pier, just across the main road.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Fanon
<Content>Pleasant surprise -- nicely updated, well kept modern hotel! I was in London recently on a 2 day business trip and decided to try out the Apex based on the Tripadvisor rankings. The location was very accessible to the Tower Hill tube station and is walking distance to both the Thames near the Tower Bridge as well as the London Financial district. The check in and check out was prompt and professional. I went up to my room and was really surprised at how updated, clean, and well-kept the room was. The room was decorated in a more modern style, had a king size bed,as well as a small couch. There seemed to be a real attention-to-detail given to the room, everything was crisp and there were no signs of wear-and-tear of any sort. Small touch, but I appreciated that the shampoo, conditioner, and hand lotion were in slightly larger bottles than hotels usually provide. Also loved the Apex-branded rubber ducky that they provide in the bathroom as a courtesy.Overall the experience was a really positive one--I look forward to returning in the future. The only shortcoming, if I had to be picky, is the hotel bar if you're looking to meet up with friends or colleagues. The hotel is located on a side-street that doesn't seem to be well known by the Londoners that I spoke with, and the hotel bar and lobby area doesn't necessarily have a huge wow factor. The night I was there we decided to go to the nearby Gouman Tower hotel bar (walking distance) for after-dinner drinks that includes a wonderful panoramic view of the Tower Bridge all lit up at night.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>greenbow
<Content>Apex is a great hotel We stayed at the Apex city of london, for just 1 night. However it was a great experience. We were allowed to check in two hours early and our room had been upgraded automatically. The room was spacious, clean and the king-size bed was huge.The staff were friendly and very helpful.The hotel is situated very close to the tower of London and tower bridge. It is also 5 minutes walk from tower hill tube station, so is ideal for exploring central London.On a slightly negative note, the surrounding area is very quiet at weekends, and there is a distinct lack of restaurants, although there are two pubs nearby which serve food, or you could take the tube into the west end.We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>AlexGlasgow
<Content>Thoroughly recommended ... Stayed for one night in January 08 as we were going to a concert in the O2 and were planning to fly into London City Airport. A very quick and easy commute on the DLR from the airport into Tower Hill tube and a 5 minute walk took us to the Apex City hotel. Our party had 3 rooms and all were modern, beautiful, a great size and well appointed.Was an ideal base for sightseeing as the next day we visited the Tower of London, which was just around the corner, and caught the 'Original London Sighteeing Tour' bus to all of London's other major attractions.Breakfast was perfect and great value. We also enjoyed very attentive service in reception on the night of the concert when we arrived back hungry and in need of some food (something which not all hotels respond well to at that time of night). A memorable and enjoyable stay and thoroughly recommended to all. Will definitely return.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rillo
<Content>Fall in love with Apex... From the moment you are greeted by the polite staff at the door, and at reception, with decor and detail in really good taste, plus a really good location, and a fabulous breakfast, you will simply love this hotel. Being a seasoned worldwide traveller, trust me, this is a gem...  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cazvalleygirl
<Content>Lovley Room We stayed at this hotel from Jan 4th - Jan 8th this year. For some reason on arrival our visa card kept getting rejected and so in the end we had to pay cash! We decided on a Deluxe King Room and it was worth the price, the room was spacious and felt very relaxed, which after a hectic day out in london was appreciated. From our window which was at the front of the hotel we could see tower bridge. I dont think the food was worth the price tag though but there is a wetherspoons near by. Overall I think the apex is a charming hotel that I would stay in again. The room was marvellous, the staff polite the only let down was the menu.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>RichPSanFrancisco
<Content>Great hotel - never saw a mouse Stayed at the Apex as part of a Dublin-London-Belfast-Dublin vacation.Check-in was a breeze and bellboy took luggage up to room. Room was very nice with huge bed, large tv, very nice bathroom and plenty of amenities including coffee, tea, safe, bottled water and very nice bathroom products.We stayed on a Friday and Saturday night. Very quiet neighborhood and tube station at Tower Hill was a short walk away. Have stayed in London 6 times, always in a different location but would stay here again if I could get similar rates for a longer stay. Our rate worked out at just over $200 (U.S.) a night by booking in advance on the hotel's own website. I think weekends in the off season are the best deal.Didn't eat here but had drinks at the end of the evening each night.Taxis don't line up here, but bellboy got us one in a hurry on Sunday when we checked out.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Muchgrayhair
<Content>Great Location.. great stay. Stayed at the Apex over a weekend early in Feb 08. Great location with fast access to the Tube and grocery stores nearby. Just down the street from the Tower Of London. The concierge staff were extremely helpful as were the reception staff. Needed additional washcloths one evening, and they brought them right up. The room had a very comfortable king bed and a small refrigerator in the room for wine, beer and cheese (mandatory for us!). Did not spend much time in the hotel, but it was very clean and comfortable. Also, we did not eat or drink at the hotel, so I have no comments on that. A solid above average clean hotel at a very good price. and in a great location.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>RickPorgera
<Content>Very happy with our stay...and will do it again. This is an excellent hotel in a very historic part of London - near the Tower  Tower Bridge etc. and plenty of alternative eating establishments nearby. We did have one breakfast at the Hotel, due to it being a weekend, but the cost was exorbitant, and for weekdays, there are two very handy breakfast venues at the end of the street...which charge half the price, for twice as much nosh. Go figure.Apart from that, the rooms are very spacious, and have a couple of TVs, with a separate area for contemplating your lot in life, rather than having to lob on the very ample bed. Staff are always on hand to cater to every whim, and despite the fact this hotel is a little off the beaten track as far as attractions go, it is way too handy (if there is such a thing) to local pubs. The tube (Tower Stn) is an easy 1/2 block walk away, and will allow you to get anywhere in the country, and Fenchurch St, Station is just a little further up the road if you need to travel further afield.We had not one single drama at this hotel, as was the case in some other hotels there , and I would have no problems with staying here again, when next we visit London.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>wannabthin
<Content>Mice Mice Mice And Mice DO NOT STAY HERE unless you want to view the mice there were 3 in the bar and brasserie area - I would like to add this is where the food storage is for breakfast. Staff not at all helpful and we were told there was a trap behind the bar !!!! I was also informed the mice would only stay on the ground and would not travel onto tables etc - absolute nonsense. aparantly pest control are there frequently !!!!!!! If I had wanted to view mice I would have went to Disney World to see Mickey!!!!! The hotel have apologised but have received our money so basically - tough luck-Rooms are Ok and area central but not worth the money to watch mice crawling around. My advise is to stay well clear  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MESchlegel3
<Content>Nice hotel, great location...staff needs some work       shower with a 1/2 door....don't understand that...water gets everywhere  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	2	4	

<Author>smacni
<Content>Beware - Mice!!! I booked this hotel purely on the basis of the rating I seen with TripAdvisor and when I arrived I thought - yes this is nice - rooms good size, facilities fine and location not too bad. This changed very quickly when I returned to the hotel on the first night (Friday) for a few drinks before retiring. A while after our first drink, my husband started to say something to me but stopped - to which I paid no heed until he realised a little later that two women beside us had seen what he was about to tell me about - mice - running freely around the bar area. We mentioned this to the bar and restaurant staff and their response was amazing. They were totally aware of it and were prepared to do nothing about it - one of them asked did we expect them to kill an animal. The girl dealing with the restaurant was extremely rude saying that as long as it wasn't rats she didn't care. When I pointed out that the mice could run around glasses, pourers on the bottles, nuts that were being given out she just said there were no mice in the kitchens which I told her I didn't believe. We watched the mice come in and out through a gap in the internal walls so I can only imagine that they are in other places throughout the hotel. The duty manager eventually came over and tried to diffuse the issue but we just left after a heated discussion as he maintained he didn't know the mice were there even though the bar and restaurant staff were fully aware of it - I don't think so. As we seen three in the space of an hour, I'd imagine theres quite a few more in their comfortable little breeding ground. The next morning, we recieved a very small box of sweets - as in the size of a box of cards - as an apology - didn't go too far at making us feel like we wanted to stay in the hotel as all I could think of was what if they're in the air conditioning system and one of them joins me in bed! Also when we went down to go out for our breakfast - was I glad I had room only or what! - the breakfast was being served in the bar area where the mice had free reign the previous night.Apart from that the hotel itself would have been fine - and the concierge was very nice and helpful but I will not be going back there again - kinda took alot of the good of a rare weekend away from the kids.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>60sTyke
<Content>Second time at the Apex City and still just as good Second time we have stayed at this hotel for a weekend break. The rooms are excellent - and the price is very good value for a stay in London (there are reduced rates for the weekend).The position is outside the centre but the bus, tube (and even boat from Tower Pier) means that all the London attractions are within easy reach. The most notable feature on both our visits has been the unfailing courtesy and helfulness of all the staff. - thoroughly recommended.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WineTaster2008
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed in this hotel for two nights; Friday and Saturday and we had a great stay.We arrived later than expected and found the hotel very easily from the Tower Hill tube. The hotel looks very modern from the outside, the reception area is very clean and funky.Staff were friendly on our arrival and we were given a free upgrade, which is the first for us staying in London.The room was lovely, spacious, very clean, large bed with nice soft pillows. There was a sitting area with a large tv and dvd player. The bathroom again was spacious with a walk in shower and a separate bath. Very modern decor throughout. General circulation areas were all very clean.The one thing we found was that it was very quiet, there was no noise from outside, but wonder whether this was because the hotel is situated near the business area of London and we were staying at the weekend. Whatever, it made for a great stay.Breakfasts were very good, we had the continental, but there was plenty to eat. The dining area was very modern overlooking the front of the hotel. We chose to have our breakfasts in our room, they arrived on time and staff were very friendly. The hotel is in an ideal location for where we were visiting; Southwark and South Bank area. It was only a short tube journey to where we wanted to go. We were a bit concerned about this before our trip as we had to change lines but it was all very easy and very quick.The hotel is in a great location for visits to Vinopolis, The Tate Modern, The Globe, London Bridge, Tower of London, Royal Festival Hall, Royal National Theatre, OXO Tower, The London Eye, Big Ben.On the Saturday we found Borough Market, open till 4pm, it was amazing. It is also open on the Friday, when we were told it is much quieter. Get the tube to London Bridge, exit at Borough High Street West and walk out from the station, at the top of the steps turn right down Stoney Street (I think) and you can't miss it!We would definitely stay again at Apex when we visit this part of London. We had a lovely stay and the weekend was made even more special by the hotel. As the trip was a Birthday present for my husband, it really made the weekend a wonderful one. Thanks to all at Apex.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Padston
<Content>Fantastic capital hotel We stayed recently at this hotel for 2 nights on a Friday and Saturday.We arrived late on the Friday night but still received a very warm welcome and even a free upgrade! We felt the commual areas of the hotel were modern, clean and welcoming.The room itself was great. Good bed, lovely seating area, good size bathroom with great shower. This was really just a stop over for us but would have been equally as nice as a romantic weekend away.The area was quiet as a business area, so really peaceful. There is a Wagamamas, Pizza Express, Chez Gerard , All Bar One - all nearby, although closed at weekends. But its really near the tube and easy to get a cab into the centre.All the staff we encountered were incredibly friendly and helpful. When we left, we needed a taxi. They booked us one and when it arrived, came out the hotel to the cab to make sure everything was OK and to help us with our bags. Not many hotels I have stayed with bother to do that.The breakfast was fairly good but pretty expensive but then I find all hotel breakfast are like this.Bearing in mind we paid 拢200 for 2 nights on a weekend, we thought this was an incredible find. Friendly, nice rooms, nice commual area, near enough the centre but away so quiet and all for 拢200 in one of the most expensive cities in the world. Would thoroughly recommend. Wished I knew of this before!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mbchfmr2
<Content>Romantic Weekend I took my fiance away for the weekend to London and couldn't have asked for a more perfect hotel to celebrate our engagement. The staff were really helpfull and always willing to help. The room was very spacious and had a modern yet comfortable finish. I hadn't booked breakfast in advance, but we recieved a guest discount for breakfast and ate like royalty in the trendy Addendum restaraunt. In short an amazing hotel in a quiet backstreet but within easy walk of Tower Hill tube. Loved it!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jiggi
<Content>You can get better for less money       Nice wood panel, but the bathroom was too tiny  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Porgan
<Content>Rubber Duck! We stayed on a Saturday at the end of Jan '08 and chose this hotel because we'd stayed at a sister hotel in Edinburgh.I couldn't book only one night direct so used Expedia, only to discover my mistake upon arrival. The Expedia booking was room only. Ah well you live and learn...Our exec room was spacious, clean and included flat screen TV, wifi etc, as you'd expect. I was glad to see the company's trade mark free rubber duck beside the bath! Location was a bit of an issue as all the places we wanted to visit were a tube ride away. having said that, it was nice and quiet at night. I'd imagine this to be a good hotel for those travelling on business to the city. Overall an excellent hotel, matching up to the previous Apex in Edinburgh. I was pleased with my choice, despite the Expedia mishap!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>EdinburghDelboy
<Content>loved the apex       double room  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TorontoAKK
<Content>Very good value for money I have stayed in London several times over the years and I can say without doubt that this was the best hotel room I have had. The rooms are modern, clean and spacious (even by my north american standards) - the shower worked great (belive me this is a minor miracle in England where showers seem to be more of a decoration). There is good cheap food at the nearby pub (Wetherspoon) and a tube station close by. Heathrow is at least an hour and half away by tube and you will need to change once along the way. The tube stops running at about midnight so you need to take a bus back but the number 15 stops close by. Good location, great rooms and a very good price.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>MissAbbyLondon
<Content>Apex Hotel, Tower Hill, London Working in the office that weekend and required accommodation at short notice.Was quoted lower rate than had been advised earlier that week.Rate was still quite high - so asked if they would consider reducing as I was booking on the day and they were unlikely to book room out. They agreed to lower rate - so very happy.Room service was quick, efficient and food was very good.Room itself extremely comfortable and well designed. This is my third stay at the hotel and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stargazer99
<Content>Fabulous stay       Excelent selection  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>sleep007
<Content>Classy Very good hotel in good location a few hundred yards from the Tower of London. Very modern interior and very flexible approach to early check in and retaining luggage after departure.Nothing to complain about really but a bit put off from trying breakfast due to prices. Very handy for tube and a couple of nearby pubs.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BigCkillyman
<Content>Chilled out and Relaxed Just returned from London. Stayed the weekend before christmas . Have to say everything was well above average. The food was excellent and the service at the bar was very good. Nothing was too much hassle. Thry were very helpful in showing us different areas of london and explaining how to get around. The hotel was quiet and relaxing and the rooms and ensuite were very comfortable. I will be returning to london soon and will definately be staying in the Apex again  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gildor
<Content>Harbour in the storm Living in the Fife countryside as i do, i used to dread the business trip to London, but no longer need to worry.........After my last trip to London, and my last stay at the Apex, it suddenly dawned on me how good this place really is.Have used the Apex three times in recent months, following a recommendation from a colleague, and cannot remember having stayed in such a tranquil hotel in the very heart of a major city, and cannot remember sleeping so well!Well designed in all aspects, and in a fantastic location, it is the staff that put the icing on the cake. As you would expect in London, you do find many different nationalities of staff here, but without exception, they have clearly been exceedingly well trained to do what they are employed to do - look after the guests!I am almost tempted not to recommend to others, as this will simply make it harder to get a room when i need one next!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>phildewing
<Content>fantastic stay Fantastic hotel in a quiet location but only 3 minutes from the tube station. will definetley stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sapphiredragon
<Content>Christmas in London We stayed at the Apex hotel of London over Christmas. The room was spacious, clean, and modern. Free in-room internet access was great! Bathroom had separate shower and tub and lots of great shower amenities. Even have speaker connected to TV so you can listen while you bath. Staff was friendly and helpful. Few steps from Tower of London and Metro (tower hills). Quiet rooms. Not too many restaurants in the area, but being so close to Metro, we took it straight to Covent Garden and had everything within reach. Nothing to complain about. Price was very reasonable. Definitely recommend!!! =)  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>darlo288
<Content>Excellent hotel Having just returned from a short business trip to Central London I can strongly recommend this hotel to anyone who needs to stay in central London either for business or leisure. The APEX hotel is ideally located less than 5 minutes walk from London tube and the DLR. On leaving the hotel and on turning the corner you find yourself beside the Tower of London and Tower Bridge, a perfect location had we had the time to visit the sights. Throughout our stay staff were extremely courteous and helpful, immediately dealing with any questions we raised. The rooms were extremely well presented and maintained showing an attention to detail. In fact the entire building showed a level of attention which has been missing from other hotels I have stayed in. Despite this central location it proved very quiet overlooking a small square with none of the usual noise and crowds associated with many central locations.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kelster71
<Content>Fabulous! We were thrilled with the Apex Hotel. It was well located (about a 5 minute walk to the Tube) but also super quiet. It was really quite nice to stay out of the crazy hustle and bustle of the city, but close enough to everything that it took us no time at all to see and do what we wanted. The only catch - not much is open on the weekend. We walked over to Borough Market (about a 15 minute) walk and had plenty of choices for our breakfast. The room was lovely. It was nicely decorated and although on the small side, cozy and comfortable. The shower was great and all in all, we had an excellent stay. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Princess92
<Content>Great Price, Great Location, Great Hotel A jewel of a hotel in London. I biiked this for a quiet weekend with my Boyfriend. I was looking for a reasonably priced hotel in central London but was struggling to find one until I saw this. All the reviews were positive and we could see why. The location is a bit outside the centre but it's just opposite the tower of London and Tower Bridge. The Tower Hill Underground and Tower Gateway DLR stations are just 3 minutes walk away. The tube journey into central London is about 15 minutes from here so getting around was simple. Be sure to check line closures though - the weekend we were there both District and Circle lines were closed!The hotel itself is a converted office building...it has a huge multicoloured cow in reception. The decor is cool contemporary in shades of chocolate and brown. Reception staff were helpful and friendly. Our room was lovely, a good sized double bed, desk, chairs, TV, tea and coffee making facilities, safe, firdge, bottled water, air conditioning, hairdryer and dvd player...the hotel also has a DVD library for hire. The bathroom was lovely, really clean, had speakers for the TV in there. The shower was huge and really powerful which makes a nice change for a hotel. The toiletries provided smelt lovely and were large enough bottles to last the entire stay and there was a complementary rubber duck in the bath.The hotel overlooks a small garden at the front and was in a really quiet street (at the weekend anyway).We ate breakfast in the hotel which was great, continental was included or you could upgrade to cooked breakfast. The restaurant looked nice but was very quier over the weekend - we didn't try it but the menu sounded nice.There were complimentary copies of the independent newspaper on each landing in the morning.In fact the only downside to this hotel was that I requested a non-smoking room and didn't get one.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Sunshine01Woking
<Content>Fabulous stay       the breakfast area  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GalloCaldo
<Content>Superb value Hip, immaculate, comfortable. Location is great, especially if you're moving around London by public transit; two minutes from Tower Hill tube stop and right on several bus routes going to Trafalgar Square, etc.Booked based on reviews here and the phenomenal prices I got during the Christmas-New Years period. Stayed for 3 nights in two rooms (one City King for me and my wife, one City Twin for my three teenagers). Reminded me a bit of the Hudson in New York, though the rooms were bigger and the hotel smaller.The City Twin room in particular was very generous in size, with what in America would be a queen size bed (same as the City King room) and a fold-out couch for a twin. Ample closet space in both rooms. My kids loved it.Room service is stupidly expensive, but they rent dvd's for in-room use for free. The bar is priced in line with a 4-star hotel. Didn't try the restaurant.Most of the staff, like virtually all of London these days (except Harrod's, of course), were not native English speakers. Concierge service was barely discernable as such.Closest I can come to a complaint is that their website says they will arrange for airport transfers, but I tried to set that up through them and they wouldn't (couldn't?) do it.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>LondonCals
<Content>Lovely hotel but really top 5 in London!?!?!?! I spent one night with my bf in this hotel. Everything looked fabolous when we initially entered! I think i expected more from the reviews. Ordered room service. Came up to 60拢 not including 12.5% and 17.5! Sooo a little expensive. Bathroom great! Kingsize bed..it was comfy. Staff seem friendly! Its a clean hotel. Huge tv situated no where near the bed. Found this annoying. Overall this is a lovely hotel bt cant believe its top 5 though!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Iwantcleanpillows
<Content>good hotel trying to be too trendy The Apex ticked most of the boxes for a four star hotel - the room was meticulously clean, marvellous white sheets, duvet and miraculously, clean pillows that smelt new - bathroom sparkling with excellent bath products - and a refrigerator for our use was a lovely touch, especially as it was not possible to have a drink in the hotel. (See more on this later.) We had booked and paid for english breakfasts (when in Rome...) but on seeing their continental breakfast spread I opted for that - good really fresh fruit, including strawberries, melon and pineapple, a selection of cheese and cold meats, smoked salmon, breads, croissants and sweet pastries, plus of course fruit topped yoghourt and the usual cereals. (10/10!) Very civilized.Now the negatives - I never saw anyone actually eating in the Bistro - overly trendy menu full of pesto, rocket, etc. and very pricey. Ditto with the bar - no english beer on tap, just Czech Pils and bottled foreign beer - a pint of Pils and a glass of Pinot Grigio with tip was 拢11! Too much, I am afraid. If they had some local beer, and more reasonable wine, and some wholesome untrendy meals in their Bistro they would have got a lot more of our sterling which we would have loved to spend in our hotel, without having to go out footsore at the end of the day seeking dinner. (Especially on the weekend, when many of the pubs and restaurants in the area are closed.)Staff were very pleasant. I would recommend the hotel to friends, yes, apart from the pub and the Bistro.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>kareny13
<Content>Great Stay! This is a sleek, modern hotel a bit away from the center of the tourist attractions, other than the Tower of London being about 3 blocks away. However, as long as you are comfortable with being a bit away, this is the place to stay. I received a great rate with londontown.com (no breakfast included) and stayed for 6 nights. The hotel and rooms are clean; staff are very accomodating and the extras make all the difference: free bottled water every day in your room; coffee/tea maker with Walkers biscuits; wonderful toiletries; free daily Newpaper... and I liked having a gym, though small, as that is quite rare in London hotels (the sauna/steam room were not workin when I was there). Tower Hill Tube station is 2-3 blocks away and 1 block away is the #15 Bus which goes to St Pauls; Aldwych; Trafalgar Square.... Althought here is no mini-bar there is a fridge and the Tesco's is about 5 minuts walk away (just a few stores in from the Monument Tube station. Around the corner from the hotel are a series of places to eat: Pubs; Cafe//Coffee Shop; Pizza Express; Subway. Quiet location but so very much worth it; wonderdul hotel!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sulgar
<Content>Great hotel, like at home       Bath+Shower  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TyroneBigstuff
<Content>loved the apex hotel was very impressed with everything about the hotel, from the modern look and feel of the hotel to the warm and friendly service provided and who were very helpful in every aspect.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>boo_boo7
<Content>Fab Hotel My boyfriend and I stayed here for one night and were impressed. The hotel is very modern, stylish, clean with good amenities. The hotel staff were friendly and the breakfast was good. 5 min walk to the Tower of London and London Bridge Exhibtion. Would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>parklandwalk
<Content>wish I could give it six stars This place seems to get better and better. Earlier niggles when it first opened with Reception when checking in) have gone. I have stayed and reviewed it before - but it is good to see a place not only hold its standards but improve them.Decor is classy, understated (they not only chucked out the chintz but set fire to it apparently), minimal, but somehow manages still to be comfy and warm. Beds, linens and pillows are fantastic - always seem to sleep well here which can't be said of all hotels even the high end ones. Room was quietly located - heard no neighbour noise despite being next door to one of many guests staying over after company parties (week before Xmas). This was a weekday stay so bars and restaurants nearby were all open meaning plenty of choice for places to eat (Gourmet Burger Kitchen, wagamama, Liberty Bounds pub, a tapas restaurant, Chez Gerard and a pizza chain restaurant can't remember which one.)Great bathroom again - spacious and large separate walk in shower with plenty of power. Big telly with sofa which was quite close but pushing it back to end of the bed did the trick.It's not often you find somewhere that's hard to fault - if I were going to be a complete Princess I would mention the lifts which have a rather incessant Lady of the Lift shouting instructions, but I'd prob really appreciate it if I had sight problems.Bar was too busy to enjoy a quiet drink this time but there are small fridges in the rooms so you can - unusually store a few drinks and keep them cold - which is really handy. And cheaper.Another thing - which I'd noticed but not really 'got' before is that there is a nice mix of clientele - business types, savvy tourists and a few of us locals who've sniffed out a bargain. Hope they keep up the good work and a few more Apexes (Apices?)in London not to mention other England cities would be nice! (That's a hint btw).  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ADublin
<Content>Great Value for money in London My husband and I stayed in this hotel during a weekend break in London at the end of November. The hotel was great - very clean, room quite big by London standards, and a substantial buffet breakfast included in the price (we paid 鈧?35 for two nights BB), made it great value for money compared to some other places we have stayed in London.Only thing I would mention is that it is a tube trip away from the centre of London, and rather quiet at the weekend, but on the plus side, Tower Hill station is a 2 minute walk away, and the hotel quality and price more than made up for the Underground experience. Loved the hotel and certainly plan to stay there on our next trip to London in March!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Italy-for-us
<Content>Worth the tube travel The location was quiet and very close to the Embankment. Very handy for the Tower of London et environs. The staff couldn't have been more polite and helpful. Continental breakfast was really substantial and included in the price. The room, although dimly lit, was spacious, as was the bathroom. Would recommend this hotel to anyone who wasn't worried about not being right in the heart of London - it really wasn't a problem on the tube.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marc017
<Content>Fabulous hotel The Apex is a simply wonderful hotel! The rooms are stylish, the service first rate and the locaton can't be beaten. My wife and I have stayed several times for weekend trips in the last year and are convinced that it is quite simply the best hotel in London.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>picadillycircus
<Content>Too good to be true! Me and my boyfriend stayed on 14th December and had booked as a treat after reading the great reviews. We were slightly hesitant as it seemed like nothing bad was ever said, however this hotel really is as good as the reviews say.We recieved a free upgrade on arrival, a deluxe room on the 4th floor. The room was spacious, the bathroom amazing with a huge comfy bed. The staff stood out, they were so friendly and keen to help, I think that definately made the stay that bit special.There are many complimentary gifts, from sweets and water to magazines and luxury toiletries. Again nothing to fault.The food is delicious, though a little pricey. It was 拢25.00 for a burger and chips and a steak sandwich, but the food was of great quality and delivered to the room free of charge.Only one tip, if you are driving and get your route from [--], ignore it! We spent hours going round central london after they directed us the wrong way! Also the hotel doesn't have parking, but there is an Apcoa car park 3 minutes walk away, right next to the Tower of London.All in all brilliant and I can't wait to return!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JohnWarrington
<Content>Hotel that deserves its high ranking Been to the hotel twice now in last 3 weeks and will visit twice more before the end of January. That really says it all.I have not sampled the food in the restaurant (used room service), some say it is a little pricey but thats an individual thing, others would be happy. I havent used the gym either.Stayed in a Deluxe King, no complaints whatsoever re the roomThe staff be they cleaners, receptionists, room service demonstrate very high standards.and it is a pleasure to rebook.Some may feel it is slightly out of the way and quiet at weekends but the tube is only 2mins walk. All in all a top class hotel, worthy of all the excellent reviews.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>firtreecott
<Content>Just as good 2nd time round This was our second weekend visit this year and we were again absolutely delighted with the quality in every element of the hotel, its staff and all of the services. We could not ask for more - though I wish I could afford to stay there during the week as well.We had breakfast just round the corner which helped with the total cost.I really can't fault this place - and that is unusual for me.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NIBobmar
<Content>Believe what you read I booked this hotel based on the majority of reviews I read. I was not disappointed. Very clean and modern rooms and the toiletries were about the best I have ever seen in a UK hotel. Very friendly staff - breakfast was expensive so take an inclusive rate if you can get it.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>TEEBELL
<Content>We Love Apex City of London My husband arranged our overnight stay at this hotel for my birthday in November. As it was my birthday we were upgraded on check-in to a city suite room which was absolutely wonderful. The room itself was spacious and comfortable with all we could ever need to hand. The bathroom/shower was amazing, I could even listen to the TV while in the bath! After a long day trekking around the sights of London it was wonderful to come back to our room and unwind.The location is perfect for the Tower of London and the Embankment but taxis are easily obtained to get to other sights around town.The staff were friendly and helpful and made us feel very welcome. Breakfast was a delight, either continental (vast array of cold meats and cheeses as well as the usual croissants and breads, cereals, yoghurts, you name it!) or you could have a full english wow what a plateful. The maitre'd was a little harrassed on the morning we were there and it took a little time to get our food but he got there.All in all a wonderful hotel, we would not hesitate to return here when we next visit London.Well done, Apex City of London.!!!!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MorayWalker
<Content>Excellence as Standard Stayed one night on my wedding anniversary (5th one and counting), stayed at Apex every year since 2002, and have stayed at all Apex hotels (except Edinburgh International) and found them all excellent, with great contemporary styling, great location and superb service. We have usually been looked after with an upgrade for returning on anniversary! and have found the staff very friendly and professional.Will return in 2008 without doubt!!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nev1
<Content>Awesome Hotel! Booked the hotel at a very reasonable rate for a friday night stay. Upon arrival at the hotel, there were problems with my card but the receptionist was very patient and understanding and I was shown to room on the 2nd floor. What can I say but the room was fantastic! The bed was absolutley huge and the bath and shower were to die for!I ordered room service as I was in a rush getting ready to go out and it was duly delivered within 15 minutes of the order being placed and the cheese burger was cooked to perfection (few too many chips though!)When I returned from my night out at about 4am I ordered breakfast for the following morning and sure enough there was a knock on the door at the time i requested! Check out was quick and faultless!I wuold definatley recommend this hotel to anyone who needs a place to stay in London!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>louisebarnsley
<Content>An excellent choice We have just had an excellent weekend at the Apex hotel. On arrival we received a free upgrade to a deluxe room. This room was spacious with a comfy king size bed and a nice sofa area with flat screen TV. The bathroom had a seperate walk in shower of good size and bath with a good range of toiletries. The room and hotel was very modern and clean.Continental breakfast was excellent for a supplement a full english breakfast was available which was good value. The service from all staff was excellent and it was nice to return to the pleasant bar area in the evening.We liked the location it was nice to walk to nearby Tower Bridgein the evening for a pleasant walk and very close about 5 mins to the tube and bus stop to take you up west. We also took taxis which ranged from 拢10 - 拢20 depending on time of day. We can recommend Scalinis a lovely Italian restaurant in South Kensington and Ronnie Scots Jazz club for a great evening. We will return to this hotel we loved it for its location and high levels of service.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cazz97
<Content>Great City Hotel My husband and I have just returned from a very enjoyable weekend spent at the Apex Hotel London. Arrived early on Friday, check in not until 2pm, but made sure we got a room straight away, they also offered us a 50% reduction if we used the hotel resturant. Room was a good size and bathroom very spacious. Decided to eat in the resturant that night, and the service was fantastic, my husband wanted the sea bream but they had ran out , the waitress recommended the hake, and also which wine to have with it , which I have to say even though a little more expensive than we would usually pay it was a superb wine, and complemented the food perfectly. Continetal breakfast was more than expected, a good choice of cereals, breads, patries, fruit , and my favourtie smoked salmon! You could pay a surcharge of 拢5 for the cooked breakfast, but really not needed. Great Hotel base for a few nights in london, and like other comments, would also like to try their scottish hotels.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Claire30Norwich
<Content>Great hotel       The sitting area  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>UncleMonty
<Content>Very nice, quiet and relaxing Stayed here for a weekend break with my girlfriend and found the hotel very nice, modern and quiet. I was surprised at how dead the city is at weekends. Nearly everything was closed, from coffee bars to restaurants but Tower Hill tube station is only two minutes walk away and it's only a ten minute tube ride into central London. Coming home late the only option is a cab though.The room was great. Clean, quiet and had a boutiquey feel to it. At only 拢120 a night for a superior room the price was worth the trek into town. The staff were excellent too and had no problem on moving us to a better room when I said that I didn't like the original one we had been given.The only disappointment was the lack of room service after 11pm. With everything else closed, and no mini bar, it was a bit of a let down.Personally, although I've given it four stars I wouldn't stay here again unless I had to be close to the city for other reasons. I wouldn't put anyone off it though. You'll pay far more for a similar hotel closer to Central London.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	2	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Weston21
<Content>Excellent Hotel I booked this hotel for myself and my husband via londontown.com and got a great rate.The hotel was excellent. A lovely reception area, a clean and modern room, very freindly and helpful staff and a good location close to Tower Bridge.We also ate in the hotel restaurant and the food was lovely.Would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JoandBaz
<Content>Superb short break I stayed at the Apex City hotel with my wife. The occasion was me having to work at weekend. The Apex is an excellent hotel, modern, smart and well maintained. The staff were excellent, firendly and very helpful. Though the hotel is based in the city you are good location to take advantage of the tube to head up west. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a surperb hotel to stay at.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1platypus
<Content>Excellent... great hotel. very modern and clean. decent size rooms. huge bathrooms with great toiletries! convenient location if district line (metro) is running. very close to tower bridge side of london. but no breakfast included in price.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>tedrit
<Content>Modern, clean and friendly Lovely clean contemporary room and bathroom. Friendly staff. Great food. Short walk to tower bridge and tube station. Quiet at the weekends, although hotel bar was open until 1am selling cocktails and playing some nice chilled out tunes had a good atmosphere. Restaurant around the corner serving food until 11 but not much else open from what we could find - all a tube ride or taxi fair away. (Taxi in rush hour was 拢25, 拢10 other times). Takes about an hour to walk to the west end along the embankment. Nicer walk if you cross over at tower bridge.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chicklin
<Content>Fantastic value We have recently stayed in a few disappointing hotels and our expectations of this were minimal as we had spent under 拢100 for a night in London. However, the very positive first impressions of the room were built upon as we stayed there. Very modern, stylish facilities were complemented by practicalities. The best shower we have ever had in a hotel - hot water, good power and a very large cubical. Everything had been thought about and the widescreen, flatscreen TV in the corner of the room was an unnecessary but appreciated luxury. Although the rooms are small, there is little missing from them. Huge bed with enough pillows (!), quiet room, dark curtains (we awoke at 9:40am thinking it was 6am as it was so dark) and even the toiletries were a treat. The location of the hotel was beautiful. Although we had no view, it was just a two minute walk to the tower of London and this gave opportunity for a romantic evening walk around the Tower and Tower bridge. We had only one complaint - the toilet seat was too narrow - caution is advised upon first usage as it resulted in both my husband and I thinking we were about to experience an unexpected trip to the bottom of the loo!! As you can see -we are scraping the barrel for anything negative. We would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>arttest
<Content>A wise choice Faced with the choice of paying more to be in the centre, we decided to pay less and get more for the money. Even with the 10 pound taxi rides to the centre, we still came out winning.Check-in was smooth and the staff were quite pleasant. We were surprised to be given a room on the top floor that opened up to a terrace with lovely views towards the Financial district and over the Thames. It was quite amazing to hear the sound of silence in the Financial district, friday at 16.30.The room was quite compact but very functional with an extremely comfy bed and duvets. The bathroom was quite large, with a separate shower and bathtub. We appreciated the free mineral water, the gift of the rubber duckie and the wonderful bath accessories!The location is quiet on the weekends but its only a 15 min. walk to Shoreditch area where there are tons of restaurants and bars. Would definately stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>lymmocol
<Content>Highly Recommended Stayed here for one night --got a really good deal on London Town.comThe room was superb with a seperate sitting area and the bathroom was spotless with a massive showerThe hotel staff, breakfast and the general condition of the hotel were excellentCan,t see why you would want to stay anywhere else if visiting London!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sunflower1976
<Content>fantastic, modern, clean and quiet We booked this hotel on lastminute - the hotel was not named as it was one of the 'its so cheap the hotel doesn't want to put its name to the price' deal. We paid 拢79 for a Saturday night. Hotel was clean and being new the bedrooms were very contemporary with gorgeous bathrooms. Very good quality for the price in a central London hotel.We didn't use the bars and restaurants but very nice outside dining terrace in the summer.Only 2 minutes walk from the tube or Tower Hill so you can have a nice wander down the Thames to Westminster.I am sure it will be very business during in the week due to the City location.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Martandjan
<Content>Wonderful oasis in the heart of the City of London Although we work in the West End of London, we rarely venture further East to the City, so we decided to stay at a good hotel on a Friday night, go for a nice meal, and wander around the City on the Saturday, whilst it's quiet.We chose the Apex because of its location, and the excellent price (拢99 from [-]). And we were not disappointed. Located in a quiet side-street near Tower Hill, the hotel is personal and intimate. No crowds of tourists here!The staff were superb - really friendly and helpful. They upgraded us, without us asking, to a deluxe room, and we couldn't fault it. Excellent facilities and very comfortable.We ate out, so no idea about restaurant or breakfast.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ZandraStar
<Content>The best I've experienced in London Very good contemporary hotel with high standard in a short walking distance to Tower Bridge and Tower of London. Only 5 mins from tube station.Ok sized room which was well appointed, tastefully decorated and spotlessly clean! (which can honestly not be said for most London hotels...) Large tiled bathroom with walk in shower and bathtub.Would recommend to anyone!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>trhaitravel
<Content>Really enjoyed it We both liked the hotel. As we wanted to stay close to Brick lane we decided to book Apex London. The room was decorated in a nice way. although very hot and dark, we enjoyed our stay. The included breakfast was nice, although the upgrade to a cooked breakfast was explained a bit clumsy. Apex is in the middle of an office area which is empty during weekends.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>meerkatTaunton
<Content>Excellent value, fun place to stay We have just returned from a weekend at the Apex City of London. We stayed in the cheapest level room on the hotel's excellent discounted prepaid rate booked direct from their website (cheaper than discount sites) . The room was spacious and beautifully decorated and appointed. The bed was huge and really comfortable, and the bathroom a very good size with spacious walk in power shower as well as bath and generous, good quality toiletries. The staff were very friendly from the moment of arrival. The food in both the Addendum restaurant and the gastro bar was excellent and the welcome offer of 25% off the bill in the restaurant on weekday evenings made it even better value for money. Addendum food was beautifully cooked and presented and innovative (bar the amuse bouches). Breakfasts were superb - a great continental buffet or a wide choice of cooked dishes. The whole place is beautifully styled, very contemporary, very buzzy, and we will definitely visit again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cranford217
<Content>Excellent city hotel Excellent hotel in the city near Fenchurch Street and Tower.Great rooms clean and large for London.Good value and decent restaurants. Very helpful staff  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>le-dude
<Content>Good location - Good value for London ! My partner and I stayed here for one night during the summer after coming up to London to see a show, and we were really pleased with our choice. At the time we booked, the hotel was nowhere near its current TripAdvisor 4th best rating, so it looks like plenty of other folk have found it and liked it too. The location is very good, just 5 minutes walk from Tower Hill tube and our room, whilst having a pretty grim outlook over some concrete roofs and air-conditioning units, was modern, spotlessly clean and extremely comfortable. But the best bit was the shower, or rather mini wetroom - probably the best shower we've ever had in a hotel (with room for two !) - not so good if you prefer a bath though as our room didn't have one. We didn't try the gym or any other facilities, but did have a drink in the bar when we got back. This wasn't anything special as it's quite open plan, but the service was ok and now it's smoke-free it's probably a nicer experience. Over all this is a very good central London hotel and it was good value too. We'd choose it again, especially for short stays.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>jack148
<Content>Excellent Apex Booked via Hotel connect. A friendly, contempory city hotel. Would recommend to a friend.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ntelya
<Content>Loved it! My husband and I stayed for about four nights last summer. At the time, the hotel wasn't rated as highly as it is now. We thought we were getting a great deal, especially considering that it was pretty much at the height of the season. Once we arrived, we knew we got a great deal. The hotel has a clean contemporary style. Service was impeccable - professional without being stuffy. The room was spotless, and we thought quite spacious. There were only two negatives: The first afternoon (after a very long flight, and suffering from jet lag) we were rudely awoke by a VERY loud and long chiming. There is a church bell tower about 15 feet away from the room and every afternoon it chimes for quite a bit. Normally, not an issue, but a pain that first day. Second issue was location. Most of the big attractions are quite a bit west of the hotel. The tube was close so it wasn't that big - but if you're looking for a neighborhood with a lot of places to explore this isn't it. There were a few large hotels, the tower and london bridge nearby, lots of places for lunch - but otherwise it was primarily businesses. Nonetheless, if we got a good enough deal, we'd stay there again. The staff was flawless, hotel was spotlessly clean, bed and bedding was comfortable (and I'm a bedding snob!), and design was good. The two negatives noted were insubstantial enough that this was probably one of the best trips we've had.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Bender_B_Rodriguez
<Content>Excellent value for money This hotel has a 'boutique' feel, which in London would normally attract a much higher room rate.The room was of a high standard, modern decor, DVD player, small fridge, good toiletries, comfortable bed, good sized bathroom (bath and shower).Staff on the check-in desk were very helpful and friendly.The location is excellent as it's a few minute's walk to the Tower of London.The room we had didn't have a view, but then few London hotels do, so we weren't perturbed by this.The only problem with our stay was that the area is too quite at night and lone travellers could feel a bit intimidated leaving the hotel at night.Tip: if you want a value for money breakfast, try 'The Liberty Bounds' pub which is opposite the Tower of London.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ArrasFrancophone
<Content>super city hotel we loved the look of the hotel from the website pictures and it really was exactly the same as the photos. We decided on an upgrade to a superior room and chose the weekend prepay package paying only 拢285 for 3 nights - that was without breakfast which we thought was expensive at 拢13.50 each. The room was great - very large and modern decor, much better than any other city hotel we have stayed in. The bathroom was sparkling with an enormous walk-in shower. The toiletries were in large bottles and really good quality - called The Tub - we saw them on sale in Liberty's - they weren't cheap ! A cleverly designed cupboard in the room held the kettle, tea and coffee and biscuits. There was also an iron and ironing board. We had 2 bottles of water provided each day as well. The room was spotlessly clean - there was a real attention to detail by the staff. We had pre-booked dinner in the restaurant the first evening and enjoyed the experience, especially as we had the 50% off the food deal. Service was good - the only slip-up was the glass of wine that my husband ordered - he asked for house white only to be brought red - the waiter corrected it but when I looked at the detail of the bill back in our room later we had been charged for the glass of red at a very expensive 拢6.75. As we live in France and are used to French wine prices that seemed exorbitant for one glass of wine - especially as he hadn't drunk it - be warned! We had a lovely weekend at the Apex especially as it was ideally situated - in the City, near the Tower and all the financial institutions, so not overrun with tourists and crowds - the Tube was around the corner but we found the bus much better - the no.15 goes from 2 minutes away and goes up to Central London. There are buses almost every 5 minutes. We'll certainly be back at the Apex as soon as we can afford another weekend in London.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EnglandJoJo
<Content>Fantastic hotel Stayed for one night - fantastic - wished we could have stayed more. great location bit far from main tourist areas but it didnt matter because you were round the corner from the tube. Excellent location to visit Tower of London (which is well worth a visit). Room modern, clean and spacious. bathroom great with lovely toiletries. We had continental breakfast included in our price - really great breakfast plenty to choose!! Would definitely recommend and this will now become our hotel whenever we visit London!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Anjali77
<Content>Excellent hotel This has to be one of the best hotels I've stayed in. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and the rooms were so clean and modern. Rooms were very spacious and had all the mod cons. You could hire DVD's out from reception to watch in your room.Ideal location for sightseeing, and plenty of restaurants a short walk away.Would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ntjvy
<Content>Fantastic Hotel......Underpriced!! I don't know that I've ever had a chance to say this before but the Apex City of London Hotel is underpriced. In a city with hotel room costs going through the roof they could charge much, much more for their rooms. Likewise, you could find much, much dingier, smaller rooms for the same price as the Apex if not more. The staff was friendly from the moment we entered the lobby, the rooms are modern and quite decently sized for London. The room has a flat screen tv, coffee maker, fridge etc. The bathrooms are at least sufficient if not more so with a seperate tub and shower. The room was spotless, modernly decorated, the a/c worked fine. We ordered room service breakfast the day we were leaving and it was so, so but I think it's because of the choices made. The pancakes were not so great, belgian waffles fantastic.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>JTWC79
<Content>Great hotel I stayed here for one night and found it thoroughly agreeable. The room was very modern and spacious, room service was tasty, the bathroom was big and the hotel was very clean with friendly staff. For a one night night city break this hotel is ideal.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>jenjen71
<Content>fantastic fantastic hotel in a great location, only stayed one night but wish we could of stayed longer, staff were very helpfull and friendlywe arived earlyer than the 2.30 pm check in but as our rooms were ready, they were more than happy for us to check in even had a fee upgrade!both rooms were lovely, well designed and with everything we needed, loved the bathroom!!next time I come to London I will definatly be staying again  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VacaLoca
<Content>Lovely hotel, great rooms, shame about the mouldy smell in one bathroom       Comfortable room  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>ChristineNorway
<Content>Lovely hotel - friendly staff - great location I stayed at the Apex city of London Hotel for two nights the last weekend of September. I found the hotel on hotels.com and when we arrived I was pleasently surpised by the friendly and helpful staff. We had booked two double rooms and both our rooms were upgraded which was super! Our rooms were spacious with a seperate seating area with a sofa and a television and dvd set, a king size bed and a lovely bathroom with both a walk in shower and a bath tub. We also recieved complimenatry magazines, bathrobes, slippers, lovely bathroom products and some sweets. There were plenty of wadrobe space and we had a lovely view towards london brigde from our room. The hotels is located abt two minutes walk from tower hill tube station, and abt 5 minutes walk from Tower Bridge. The area where the hotel is located is a very quiet and peaceful area, and there are not many cars passing by, so you will not be bothered with the usual london traffic.All in all we had a wonderful stay, both my boyfriend and I were really sorry that we had such a tight program for this weekend , becuase when we saw our room we only wanted to stay there and relax the whole weekend.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Vivienne78
<Content>terrible odors, bad a/c When we got to our tiny room, there was a terribly offensive odor. I thought it was from from the cleaning chemicals so we left the window open. When we returned late that night I realized it was actually a moldy/mildew smell. It was probably coming from the shower which was not especially clean and had extensive black mildew on the caulking all around it. It was not a particularly hot day, so I didn't realize that our air-conditioner didn't work until the middle of the night, as I like it to be cool in the room when I am sleeping. I didn't want to open the window because then there would be all of the city noise to deal with. So it was a very uncomfortable hot, stinky night.I told the desk staff about the issues at check-out and asked for a discount but they would not grant me any sort of discount. They said that we should have notified them and they would have given us a different room. That is not really helpful when you are only staying one night and you don't notice the problems until very late or the middle of the night. To top it off, the room rate did not include breakfast. The food was good, but it was very expensive.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	4	3	-1	

<Author>JoolsUK
<Content>Marvellous hotel Nicest hotel we have ever stayed at in London. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. We were upgraded on arrival and had a lovely room with a generous seating area and a view of Tower Bridge. There was everything you needed in the room, including a fridge and ironing board. The bedroom and bathroom were both spotlessly clean, as was the rest of the hotel. The bathroom had a bath and separate walk-in shower with generous sized bottles of toiletries. The bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in! There was a wonderful choice for breakfast, including fresh fruit rather than the awful tinned fruit that so many hotels offer. We had an evening snack in the restaurant which was well presented and tasty. The staff were happy to store our luggage when we booked in early and to keep it until late afternoon on the day we checked out. Tower Hill Station was only a couple of minutes' walk away. We will certainly stay at this hotel again and would have no hesitation in recommending it to all our friends.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Arwyn
<Content>Amazing Value One of the nicest modern Hotels in London, great Value for money, rooms modern and very clean and bed a luxury. Will definately use again on our regular London visits.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>mrswomble
<Content>great hotel room was booked through their website and got a very good deal 拢85 a night including breakfast. We arrived early at around noon on friday and not only was our room ready but we had been upgrade to a superior room! check in very effecient and we were offered help with bags. The room was lovely with a separate seating area, very comfy king sized bed and a huge bathroom with seperate bath and huge walk in shower. lovely tolietries in decent sized bottels. we decided to eat in the hotel restaurant and they had an offer on of 5O% off food- meal was ok but nothing special, service was excellent but food was a bit of a let down. they add 12.5/% service to bill so it still came to 拢88 in total!! wouldn't have been happy if we had paid full price. breakfast was continental and very good- cereal, breads, pastries, muffins, fruit, ham, chesse, yoghurt etc, excellent selection. you could pay extra for cooked. if breakfast is not included though expect to pay 拢15 for it. location was great, 2 mins to tower hill tube, near tower of london and river. weatherspoons, subway and wagamamas all in 2 min walk. would def stay again!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Caylab
<Content>Great hotel! We stayed at the Apex in London for two nights on a brief stop over in London in late September. Both of us have stayed in hotels in London before and were prepared for the standard cramped and out-dated room. We were very impressed with the modern style and cleanliness of the hotel. The bed was very comfortable with a nice goose down duvet, our room had a bath and shower, and there was also a large flat screen television. It's not often that you get those ammenities in a hotel at this price. The room was not large, as is to be expected in London, but it was very comfortable. The location is excellent for touring the sights of London as the Tower Hill tube stop is just down the street. I would certainly recommend this hotel and plan on staying there again when we next travel to London.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>kotter5
<Content>A superb hotel that delivers on what it promises There are a number of simple rules that determine the quality of a hotel, particularly for business travellers. 1.) Make it simple, 2.) A comfortable bed, 3.) Good amenities, 4.) No-nonsense service. The Apex City of London, where I stayed for the first time this September, ticks all these boxes. A friendly and professional service, slightly funky interior without going over board, decent sized rooms with all the requirements of a modern hotel and modern facilities make this a real hit for the business traveller. And, they do the most spectacular breakfast I've ever had in any business hotel I've stayed in (and there have been a few). Try the Braveheart Breakfast, which honours the hotel's Scottish heritage with fresh haggis and black pudding, and a great selection of organic bangers, eggs and veg. Even if I wasn't staying at the Apex, I'd be having breakfast there!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>she-muff
<Content>Wonderful hotel We loved this hotel! It had a terrific location, right across from the Tower of London and around the corner from a Tube stop. Great value for weekend retreats. The front desk was always courteous and especially helpful. Beautiful, comfortable room. This hotel and its terrific staff made our stay in London most enjoyable.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Bonny_Blue
<Content>Apex London was very enjoyable We spent 2 enjoyable nights at the Apex London. The rooms were spacious for city hotels, the bathroom was spotless and the food was very enjoyable. The only down side was the Monday morning restaurant staff who seemed less than interested in their jobs!Definitely recommend staying here and looking forward to trying their Scottish hotels too.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>Adam85London
<Content>Excellent service Had a brief one night stay here and although I didn't get to use all the amenities, I was very impressed by the hotel. The service was efficient and friendly. There was a selection of over 100 dvds and the best thing is, they were free to rent! The room was not particularly large but was well equipped with an excellent shower and bath (featuring complimentary duck!) I ordered room service and the hamburger was excellent! The one problem was, being in the city, there weren't many amenities open late at night. However, the hotel is very close to the tube station and the Tower of London. I would definitely stay here again. Excellent service, reasonable pricing and a nice, modern atmosphere.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jonser
<Content>Great value in an expensive city! The Apex City of London is a welcome respite from sky high prices at so so properties in London. The Apex is very convienently located next to the Tower Hill tube station, and is a very short walk, even with baggage. The hotel is clean, modern, sleek, and fun. The lobby bar is classy (and the complimentary wine and snacks for guests is great), and the rooms are surprisingly large for a city hotel. The Apex is practically across the street from the Tower of London and the London Bridge, and a short walk to St. Paul's Cathedral. Public transit is just outside and the way to go. The staff was friendly and on point, and the ammenities are huge portions and yummy. They even leave you a rubber duckie in your room! The only downside was no internet access for guests without a fee. The property offers deals if you book directly through their website, and they have a sister property in Edinburgh. I've travelled to London many times, and have never had such a pleasant, non-bank breaking, hotel experience. I highly reccommend the Apex.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Sallychristine
<Content>Lovely Hotel I have just returned from 3 nights at this hotel.It is lovely, everything very clean. Quiet, especially for a central London Hotel. Close to the Tower Hill tube and DLR stop. Not far to walk after a busy day.Only negative, not near to any shops really and the windows do not open. The decor is very modern and new and the bathroom is on the big size with a bath and shower, also in good condition and no mould to be seen.I really enjoyed this hotel and would stay again.Breakfast is what you would expect with plenty of fresh fruit.Staff are friendly and helpful.Can't really say anything negative to say about this nice hotel.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	3	4	4	

<Author>rorycat
<Content>Lives up to Apex Standards Stayed here for a 2 night weekend break on 14th - 16th September paying 拢190 including breakfast which given the quality of the hotel we felt was a fair price. We were upgraded on arrival to a deluxe room - accommodation has been well described elsewhere - which was a bonus. I would agree, however, that a small set of drawers within the wardrobe space would be good. Also - why is there never a socket within reach of the mirror so you can see when drying your hair!! Location was ideal particularly if you plan to return before the tube closes for the night. Staff were friendly and helpful, particular mention to the concierge staff. The accommodation was spotless and breakfast so pleasant that we spent well over an hour each morning just enjoying the relaxation. I have stayed in the Apex in Dundee before which I would say has a slight edge - in particular this hotel doesn't really have any views as such. All in all having stayed in several hotels in London during the past few years I would have no hesitation in recommending the Apex and would definately return. I am a fan of the South Bank area and it is a lovely walk from the hotel across Tower Bridge and up to the London Eye.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Rich&Lisa
<Content>Fantastic Apex What a fantastic hotel. Well appointed and functional clean rooms. They got it right even down to the quality of the soaps and shower gel etc. Reception staff were warm and friendly to. This can make all the difference to your experience, and it did. Location to the tube, Tower Hill, was perfect. Can鈥檛 wait to stay again.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gilly048
<Content>Great Hotel!! Everything about our stay at this hotel was excellent. Reception staff very friendly and responded to all requests quickly. Room was spotless with lovely full size toiletries and own Apex rubber duck! Internet access was free in room. There was a DVD player in room with a long list of DVD's that could be hired free of charge. Location of hotel was ideal for us for visiting Tower of London and pier for Thames cruise ships is five minutes walk away. Hotel is ideal for break to London as in quiet area and very near to Tower Hill underground station. We took our car to London and there is a car park very near to hotel (very pricey but safe as security patrol all the time). Will definitely go back to this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gattino
<Content>Loved the Apex This hotel was excellent for a number of reasons; location, staff and rooms. The rooms were fantastic with DVD in the room and a free DVD library to choose from. Separate bath and walk in shower added to the comfort and your complimentary duck in the bath was an added bonus. I highly recommend this hotel as although it is in a quiet location it is a tube ride from central London if you want a bit of excitement  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ShawSwansea
<Content>Perfect London Hotel Excellent hotel and great value. 2 mins away from the Tower of London and tube station, nice pubs and few restaurants nearby plus based in a quiet area of the main streets. A lot of business regulars mid week which is always a good sign but still very welcoming for those, like me, only visiting. I will certainly be staying again next time i need to visit London.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PaleBlue_7
<Content>to revie, or not to review... I was in two minds whether to keep this hotel to myself, just in case I couldn't get in next time. Stayed 1 night. Really good location. Close to Tower Hill tube so had expected it to be noisy, but a short walk and we were in a quiet one-way street with very little traffic noise at 4 floors up and our room overlooking the square. One of the trials of my life is hotel room air conditioning - usually too drafty and noisy to allow an ache-free good night's sleep - but our room was neither. Good bathroom with excellent easy-to-control shower. Would certainly stay there again. Why stay in more down-market accommodation when the special deals available would let you stay here instead?  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>spinmeister
<Content>You shouldn't miss this one! This hotel is a real charmer - with fabulous 5-star service, stylish rooms and a great, quiet location. Granted some may prefer to stay in the heart of tourist London, but if you're looking for a great , comfortable, hip hotel, away from the all the noise, this one can't be beat. Be sure to check out the hotels.com rate. We got a considerable discount on twin rooms and, on both occasions that we stayed at the Apex on our recent trip, we were upgraded - the first time to a junior suite for a week. Sweet deal all around.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stretch8674
<Content>We got our duck...       View from our room  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>mindyhobart
<Content>Highly recommended Very modern and well appointed and for London extremely well priced. Situated near the London Tower but also easy access to underground and the number 15 bus takes you everywhere you want to go. Internet access was extremely over priced however so we didn't bother, 5 pounds and hour or 8 pounds for 24 hours. We'd recently stayed in NY where the wireless internet was free!We ate at their top retaurant on the first night. They had a special deal, half the food bill. It was outstanding both the food and service, one of the best I've had. The chef had complimentary tastings during the meal as well. A real highlight.We were also upgraded so our room was large, with a large bath and shower.Overall a great place to stay in London.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>puffernutterlou
<Content>Modern hotel friendly staff. excellent hotel       hotel bedroom  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NJLovestoTravel
<Content>Not Quite the Apex London is an expensive travel city these days so in the end the Apex Hotel is good value. We spent six days here for a family trip. The rooms are quite comfortable. The king sized room was spacious, although the twin was just large enough for the beds and a desk. The hotel is contemporary, sleek and well maintained. Internet access is ridiculously expensive (in the 21st century wireless internet access should be free everywhere) and with the exception of one or two staff, the rest were not terribly knowledgeable about London. The location is very near the Tower of London and the underground, but not much else. I would recommend this place highly for business travelers, but not so much for families.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>ShirleyC
<Content>Disappointing Stayed for 2 nights in July 2007. Reception staff couldn't care less about customer service. Check in time advertised as 2pm but room wasn't ready. No apology or complimentary drinhk offered while we waited. Just a shrug and back to staring at the computer screen. Room small and basic for the price. Previous occupants used wine glasses still by the window too. Just sums up the general couldn't care less attitude. Although we had paid for full breakfast, we were told we couldn't have the pancakes from the A la Carte menu on the table, advertised at 拢7.50, without paying extra. We could have the Braveheart Breakfast at 拢11.50 for free though. Why? Nobody knew. There's so much choice in London so my advice is - Do yourself a favour and stay somewhere where you're made welcome.The Apex? Overrated, disappointing and uncaring.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>bebeCrosby
<Content>Smart and sophisticated I took my boyfriend to this hotel as a special suprise for his birthday. I wanted a hotel that wasn't extravagantly expensive but that had a real feel of luxury, and I got exactly what I wanted! The staff were friendly and helpful, the overall look of the hotel is very contemporary and sophiticated, lots of low level lighting and an expensive looking finish to everything. The room was large with plenty of wow factor and the bathroom was beautifully presented and very clean. We had breakfast brought up to the room the next morning whch was of an excellent standard and again the service was efficient and friendly. A short walk away from a couple of tube stations and within easy walking distance of tower bridge and the tower of london. Plus, for a london hotel it was so quiet! We couldn't hear a soul and had a lovely view of St Olaves church and the gherkin from our window. All in all a complete success!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stalwartg
<Content>Greatest value for money in London I and my partner stayed for 5 nights at the Apex. I only have high praise for the place: friendly service; beautifully designed hall; nice, stilish room (pity about the view) with superb bathroom. Location is perfect: centrally located and close to many tube stations, yet not in a crowded and loud area, hence extremely quiet at night.Our deal included a very substantial continental breakfast. I seriously doubt that the Apex can be beaten in its value/cost ratio: you get all the amenities of a four-star hotel at a price that is *just cheap* for London standards. Thumbs up for the Apex!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>leanda25
<Content>fantastic hotel!! Have just returned from a two night stay at the Apex and was very impressed with everything about the hotel, the location was spot on and just a short walk from the tube, the rooms were very well organised, clean and modern, the staff were extremely friendly plus very helpful and price 拢75 per room per night was amazing. will certainly be visiting again.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TimFinman
<Content>Nothing but the best We arrived 8/19 missing our luggage. The employees could not have been nicer and the accomodations hit the spot. King size bed, walk in shower and good sizebath. A block from the Tower of London and a block to the tube. The staff from Casha and Ralph to the bartender and waiters were absolutely a joy. We will definitely stay there again if the airline ever gets our luggage back to us. Best bang for the buck in all of London....  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sjeng
<Content>Vewy vewy Nice Very Nice hotel, Went there 4 2 concerts (and afterparties) at de O2 arena. Towerhill tube on walk distance. Back we came with the clipperboat (about 30min walk).Great room, clean, bathroom with shower and bath. TV DVD  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mossy007
<Content>Execlent Hotel We have just returned from our stay at the Apex City Of London Hotel . The hotel is modern, clean staff are very politerooms where excellent everything you need a bathroom with bath and walk in shower. Large widescreen TV with satalite chanels.The room is also well soundproofed so sleep was brilliant The Hotel was within walking distance of tube station and tower bridge and the tower of londonThe only problem we faced was parking the hotel doesnt have a car park but instead users a large public car park 200 yards awaywhich is very expensive it cost 拢50 pound to park the car fri to mon but overall a great hotel well recomended  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JFsB
<Content>Finally! A Hotel that Get's It! From the top-notch amenities to the friendly and extremely helpful service, you can't go wrong with the Apex. As a business traveller, I had a delightful experience staying 3 nights at this boutique hotel. The establishment is conveniently located in the City, and very convenient to Leadenhall Market, a host of pubs and restaurants. While small in square footage, the rooms were decorated beautifully and never felt cramped. The bed was very comfortable and whoever came up with the pillow menu idea is a genius. The room was spotless throughout my stay. While no mini-bar, the room does have its own mini-fridge, so stop at the huge Marks  Spencer (their food court is on the lower level) less than a 5 minute walk away, and stock up. There is also complimentary still and sparkling water as well as coffee. I had room service twice (dinner and breakfast on two different days), and the service was prompt, polite and the food above average.While you're there, try to have a meal at Cafe Spice Nemasta (delicious curries abound), Barcelona for tapas, and Jamies wine bar.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>soulkitty
<Content>The best! I couldnt believe that we had found this hotel within easy walking distance from tower hill tube station,for the price we paid.It was modern and welcoming and very clean.We had a queen size bed a deep bath a walk in shower and not one but two wide screen tv's! I could of spent my stay in London with out leaving the room.I have recomended the Apex to family/friends and clients.One thing is for sure I wont stay anywhere else but the Apex on future trips to London.10 out of 10!!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>unigirl
<Content>Best UK hotel I've stayed in       Upgraded bedroom on the top floor  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beverley54
<Content>10 out of 10 My daughter and I spent 1 ngiht at the Apex last weekend (Friday night) and had a wonderful stay. The staff could not have been more obliging - the service was excellent and quick. The room was lovely and relaxing and had everything we required (Deluxe King). The hotel is spotlessly clean and well run. The bar is really cool, with some of the tables on the pavement. Great cocktails and bar menu. The breakfast was outstanding - so much choice and beautifully cooked and presented.The location is excellent for the tourist spots of the Tower of London and the South Bank - and only a very short journey into central London.I will certainly recommend this hotel to clients and friends.Very much looking forward to my next stay.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StevieBis
<Content>Apex is just right We were very very pleased with the Apex, our standard room was a nice size and although we didn't have much of a view it was very quiet so that didn't bother us too much - one little comment was that it was rather dark  we needed lights on when we were in our room, but that didn't detract from our enjoyable stay. We were pleased to have booked through a website where breakfast was included, that was quite a good saving. We loved the area too, Tower Bridge, Tower of London and St Katherines Dock right at the end of the street. Butlers Wharf is really worth a look too. Having not been to London for a couple of years we were astounded at the price of the tubes, we did use the bus once which was a lot cheaper and luckily, because the weather was nice, we mostly walked. All in all a really nice weekend  we wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Liz_Lloyd
<Content>Apex City London hits the spot...exactly We stayed at the Apex City Hotel London for my husband's 40th birthday. I'd booked on the internet so wasn't sure how good the location would be but on arrival couldn't belive the close proximity to so many stunning attractions.The hotel itself is stylish, contempory and cool and the staff are friendly and can't do enough for you. The room was stunning. Everything you could ask for in a hotel (and more besides in the form of complimentary sweets and crisps - perfect for midnight munchies!). The decor in the room (and throughout the hotel) is straight our of a design magazine but perfectly comfortable.We booked into the Addendum Restaurant (back one) for dinner on our first night and weren't disappointed. It again is stylish and contempory but not pretencious. The food was delicious and the staff we so attentive but at the same time very friendly.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a stylish yet comfortable hotel in the City.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MSB2
<Content>Great hotel - fantastic value for money I stayed at the hotel for one night. On arrival, we were greeted by a very friendly and professional receptionist. Our room was great - large, stylish, clean and well equipped. The service was impeccable from start to finish. Breakfast in particular was excellent. We managed to get down to the restaurant 5 minutes before they stopped serving but we were not made to feel like we had to rush and unlike other hotels they didn't start clearing everything away around us. The food was great too - everything was freshly cooked and of high quality (and I am extremely fussy where food is concerned). I like the location too. It's on the edge of the city so is quiet at the weekend but it's still close to the river, St Katharine Docks and Tower Bridge. All-in-all, considering the price, this was one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in. Quite an achievement for London!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>welshcookie
<Content>Excellent stay at the apex As we had a throughly horrible stay at the Bluebell in Notting Hill on our last London trip, we spent more time researching hotels this time. The Apex looked and sounded too good to be true but went for it anyway.On approaching check in we were told there had been a problem with the booking system and the hotel was over booked. Expecting to be searching London for a place to stay and losing our West End show booking, we were told that they had booked us into another hotel just a few minutes away and that we could return to the Apex in the morning for the next night.Yes it was an inconvenience but the way the Apex staff took care of us was second to none. While we waited for a taxi paid for by them they gave us drinks, then a member of staff actually accompanied us to the other hotel to make sure everything went smoothly. The room we ended up with was actually twice as much as the room we booked at the Apex and very nice.In the morning a taxi was called for us and we returned to the Apex for the remainder of our stay and the fare taken care of. When we arrived we were told that we had been given an upgrade due to the inconvenience we had plus a bottle of wine was sitting on the table in our room.The Apex is in an excellent location, the hotel itself is very modern, clean and rooms are large. We could not fault the attitude and service of the staff. We won't be staying anywhere else, hopefully, on our future London trips.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Jhammers
<Content>Everything is perfect I stayed here in the end of July for 2 nights and it was a pleasant surprise. Everything was close to perfect from the room, the very large and comfortable bed, bathroom, service, professional staff, bar and restaurant. Located in a quiet street with a minutes walk to Tower Hill tube station it was also perfect for easy travelling around the city. I am in London quite often and this is one of the best hotels I have stayed in.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gently
<Content>You should try this one We chose the Apex because of the positive feedback given by other users and we were not disappointed. It is not a quaint hotel, but has a functional, contemporary feel. Our room was spotlessly clean, well equipped, quiet, and of a very good size (for London). We had a king size bed, a bath as well as a walk in shower, and wide-screen TV. The staff were friendly and the breakfast was excellent. A note of caution for ale lovers, the bar has no handpumps and the local pubs all seem to close at about 6pm on a sunday. However, Tower Hill station (circle line) is just a 3 minute walk, so London is at your disposal. We were given a check in time of 2pm but the staff were happy to see us at 1pm. Check out time was midday. Breakfast was served until 10.30 am. The hotel was happy to mind our bags for the day while we went sight seeing. Overall the hotel provides excellent value and we will be back.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>riverboy115
<Content>Treated as a second rate guest I booked my stay through a lastminute booking site some 7 weeks ahead of my stay.Upon arrival i was greeted by a receptionist that could hardly crack a smile, i had booked and paid for my stay on my switch debit card, however when i was being attended to i was told that the hotel could not accept the card for ExtrasI had requested a room on a high floor and thought i would be accomodated as i had booked ahead, however i was given a room on the 1st floor, room 106.The room was dark with very limited natural light, the view was of air conditioning vents, I phoned down to reception to ask if i could possibly have a different room to be told abruptly the hotel was full.This is the second time i have stayed here, the first time i stayed in February 2006 i again had a dark room on the 1st floor, room 101 with the same view.The breakfast rate is scandalous, how any hotel can justify 拢18 for a breakfast + 拢3 for a glass of fruit juice is beyond my comprehension, my tip is to take the walk around the corner to the weatherspoons public house The Liberty Bounds where a full hearty breakfast with coffee is 拢4It would appear that if you book a room through certain websites it gives the hotel the opportunity to put you in rooms that are cold and unwelcoming, The staff seem to be surley and look down on you and are not particulary friendly.On reflection i won't be giving the hotel a 3rd chance at taking my money, there are better places than this, i stayed a 3rd night in London, in Greenwich at the Devonport House De vere venue, staff were extremely friendly, polite and couldn't have done anymore to make my stay pleasant and for 拢50 for a double room and breakfast in cultural greenwich i will return there instead of the City Of London Apex Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>GMouse
<Content>Simply the best, faultless! This hotel was a wonderful surprise compared to most British hotel experiences we've had. It was wonderfully modern, very tastefully decorated, and what a lovely bathroom (with Apex duck supplied!). Absolutely no complaints at all. Faultless.The hotel is in a great location too - tucked away on a small side street, just minutes from the Tower of London, and with Wetherspoons, Pizza Express etc just round the corner. Tower Hill tube and Tower Gateway DLR stations are within a short walking distance, and a hop-on, hop-off bus tour stops nearby. We will stay at this hotel over and over again - highly rated!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PorscheGT3
<Content>The Apex is Modern Gorgeousness, a City Centre Gem This hotel offers fabulously and tastefully decorated rooms, with HUGE beds and the best walk-in showers - big enough for 2!! ;-) Everything you could ever need is provided for in the room, including an iron and ironing board! But maybe I'm just excited about that because I'm a girl... The flat screen TV mounted on the wall is a nice touch as well. The hotel staff are so friendly and welcoming, and can't do enough for you. The food is a little pricey, but scrummy so definitely worth it. All in all, the hotel is excellent value for money, and I had already recommended it to my friends and family even before I'd finished my stay there. I enjoyed every minute of my stay, so much so, my Fianc茅 and I are going back there in August...  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>khkchien
<Content>Very nice hotel We stayed in Apex London for one-night.Initially, we had some tought time looking for the hotel, but once we found it, it is very to figure out the surroundings.The room was a good size, with really modern furniture and equipment. There was even a DVD player in the room!(although we didn't have a chance to use it).Since there was not any stores open in the evenings, the hotel even offered two complimentry bottles of water. I thought that was very nice.The staff was very friendly as well, and introduced us to an excellent Turkish restaurant.I am looking forward to staying with Apex London if I am back in London again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>vauxve
<Content>excellellent stay at the apex very high standards of service at the apex ... accompanied by very contemporary surroundings  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Expat_Girl25
<Content>Fantastic fantastic fantastic!       Bathroom  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Vancouveracademic
<Content>Very nice hotel (and it's in London!) I had an excellent experience at the Apex.I had a free Saturday night and headed in to London to meet a friend for dinner and go to the Tate Modern. I booked the one night at the Apex after reading positive reviews of it here.The staff were very friendly and professional. Check-in was quick and painless; same with check-out. This was a welcome change from other experiences I've had with hotels in London (and England in general). I'd say that the service here would be on a par with the kind of service one usually expects in (and occasionally gets) in North America. Finding it in London, where one usually has to pay top dollar for good service, was almost exciting!The room was comfortably large and very nicely appointed - tastefully furnished and decorated with a modern flavour. The bed was firm and had a nice warm duvet on it. The air conditioning had been left on (it had been warm and humid out the afternoon I arrived), which made it a bit dry and chilly, but it was relatively easy to set that straight. The bathroom was large and had a nice big tub (that I didn't use) and a nice walk in shower that worked perfectly.I ate dinner and breakfast in the Addendum Restaurant, which is attached to/in the hotel lobby. The food was nice, but a bit pricey.It is right in the City, which is super-convenient for the tube; it's right next to the Tower of London, which could also be handy. As has been said before, it's very quiet, partly because the City is essentially dead in the evenings and on weekends. My walk Sunday morning to the Tate Modern along the Thames was reasonably short and quite pleasant.The only downsides to the Apex: a dearth of nearby options for food (probably would take the tube to Soho next time); the fellow running the breakfast crowd who, while being perhaps even excessively nice to the customers, seemed to treat his staff like a tyrant (which, when I see it happening, always taints my own experience of a meal).Altogether, if I had another chance to stay in London - even for longer than just the one night - I'd be happy to stay at the Apex again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>natnsam
<Content>Loved the Apex My partner and i stayed in the hotel twice once in August 2006 and then again in June 2007. Both times we have received excellent service from the staff, the rooms are gorgeous and absolutely spotless. On our 2nd stay at the hotel my partner proposed he needed some extra help and the hotel arranged for flowers and champagne to be delivered to the room for our arrival. Staff are excellent and nothing is too much to ask, food is superb and location is great (being right next to the tube station really helped).  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>cpos
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here for the Tour de France weekend and found it to be a stylish and modern hotel with friendly staff. Very handy as it is close to the underground stop (5 min walk). Also there was a gym, sauna and steam room.Only point was that we didn't have breakfast included and we thought 拢15 each was a bit expensive.Overall we had a great stay and a very enjoyable weekend. We would definetly stay here again when we visit London in the future.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>pattkark
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I stayed at the Apex twice on our 3-week trip to Europe. We stayed in a suite for two nights the first time and a standard King room for one night three weeks later when we were delayed in London on our way back to the US. Both rooms were very sleak and stylish and very clean. The beds are VERY comfortable. The bathroom was the same in both rooms and was roomy enough with a separate bath and shower. The only benefit to having the suite is that you have two separate rooms - a bedroom in one and the living area and bathroom in the other. The standard King room does have a small sitting area in the room. The hotel staff was very helpful and knowledgeable about the area. They really seemed to care about the guests' comfort while staying at the hotel. We also ate at the hotel (once for lunch and once for dinner) and had drinks there on a couple of occassions. The food was very good, although a bit pricey. They have a nice patio area in the front of the hotel which is lovely (when the weather is nice). The location of the hotel was perfect for us. It is a bit far (if you walk) from the center of London, but the hotel is on a quiet street and we were not bothered by any noise at night. The hotel is located in more of a financial district not a touristy area with a lot of bars/restaurants. But, it is only a 5 minute walk to the Tower of London and the Tower Hill tube station which will get you anywhere in the city very quickly. If you like smaller boutique style hotels with a hip vibe (very W like) you will love this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pete19
<Content>great service We stayed at this hotel for a family celebration happening nearby. The hotel was modern, clean and very well appointed. The breakfast was first class but most importantly the staff were friendly and helpful. They were especially kind to my elderly mother and looked after her very well. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gusPeterborough
<Content>Would highly recommend Lovely hotel, well priced, very clean, room well equipped. Breakfast good although slightly pricey. Location well placed for Tube and area was nice and quiet ~ although few shops and some local cafes / pubs were not open Sat and Sunday as they mainly cater for the weekly business trade.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>SPARKY36
<Content>Fab weekend stay Thoroughly enjoyed our brief stay at the Apex. I booked it for my husband's 50th birthday and although it was only for one night I thoroughly researched London hotels before choosing it. After reading the many positive comments on tripadvisor I decided on the Apex. It was very comfortable, spotlessly clean and quiet. We had a continental breakfast as part of our stay which was excellent. Lots of fresh fruit, yoghurt, cereals, pastries, fruit juices, toast and as much tea or coffee as you wanted. Conveniently located near to Tower Hill tube station, it was easy to get out and about. On Sunday morning we had a stroll down to the river and embarked on a catamaran cruise to Greenwich (they also go in the opposite direction to Westminster). If you have a rail ticket, as we did, you can download a voucher for 2for1 for the catamaran cruises (also 2for1 for various museums, London Dundgeon and other attractions, restaurants, and shows). Check out the 2 for 1 offers available on-line with a valid rail ticket; it's certainly worth it as you can print of any that interest you.  Would certainly recommend a stay at the Apex and would stay again next time I visit.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>maryuk75
<Content>Lovely hotel Myself  my boyfriend stayed in this hotel on the 9th June, it was a very pleasant experience.The room was v nice and spotlessly clean. The bathroom had both a seperate bath and shower. The bed was v comfy.All the staff were very helpful and friendly. We did not eat in the hotel, as it was quite expensive, however it is located near a lot of v reasonable and good eating establishments.The cost of the room by london standards was reasonable and it is located close to public transport links. ideal base for sightseeing.We really enjoyed our stay in this hotel and I would definately use it again, when we return to london.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Boogleflash
<Content>A perfect place for luxurious living The only fault I could find with the entire hotel is that the soap (handmade) once unwrapped, wouldn't stay on the basin and kept sliding in. Clearly this isn't a serious gripe and my boyfriend and I laughed about the fact that it was the only problem we could find. The room was BEAUTIFUL, on the corner and with lovely views of old and new london. The staff were very kind and helpful, room service punctual, it was difficult to get me to leave by check-out time. I will most definitely be staying there again!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PaulCool
<Content>Superb, comfortable stay The hotel was to an excellent standard and very friendly staff. Its an excellent base for sightseeing in London, with The Tower of London only 5 minutes walk away and the Tower Hill tube station on the circle line closer still. We didn't have breakfast in the restaurant but we had drinks in the very swish bar. Overall, excellent and I would recomment it to anyone wanting to stay in London.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Claire_murray
<Content>Free duck didn't make up for terrible service I booked the hotel via an internet deal having stayed at the hotel in Ediburgh and been impressed.The location of this hotel is perfect for weekend breaks - close to the Tower, the tube and quiet (on a side street). The room was lovely - looked out at a lovely yellow brick building but so quiet and it had the usual Apex duck for you to collect along with the usual supply of toiletries. The bathroom was roomy although the room itself was cosy (or small - depending on your view!). The hotel was clean and really couldn't complain about the service when we arrived.We left the bags at the hotel and went out for the day. Which was fine until we came back. Admittely we were running late but the hotel staff did nothing to help us. We told the lady on reception (who was tiding paperwork) that we needed our bags but she did nothing to get them - informed us that the porter was busy. We lost 10 minutes waiting for the porter who was attempting to put someone's cases in the wrong room!!! In the meantime the lady at the desk rang someone who appeared and also tidied her own paperwork!!! Finally when the porter arrived he decided to help the man who's luggage couldn't be delivered - who had actually been given a key for someone-elses room!!!Apart from being annoying - this delay meant we got to the train station with 2 minutes to spare and only caught the train by the skin of our teeth.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>2	3	5	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>DrHoo
<Content>Perfect location for this boutique hotel Stayed a weekend in London at the Apex City. This is a smart looking boutique hotel located right next to the Tower of London, a block away from the Tower Hill Underground Station and a 7 pound cab ride from the Blackfriars train station. The rooms are large and well appointed - they appear to have converted an older hotel with tiny (typical London) rooms by turning two rooms into one, so we had a king bed and a sitting area, along with a large, modern en suite bathroom with both a large shower and a separate tub. They also had air conditioning - the first place in the UK we had this convenience (and we needed it as hot as the weekend was). The restaurant and bar are trendy and expensive, but the room prices were remarkably low for London despite the quality of the stay.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Intrepid_miss
<Content>All round great hotel My partner and I stayed at the Apex London on Saturday 16 June 2007. We were going to a concert at Wembley Stadium and the hotel was in the perfect location as it was a 10 minute walk to Aldgate tube station and the tube went straight to Wembley Park! The hotel itself is lovely, the rooms are well-equipped: iron and ironing board, lovely big TV, DVD player etc. The power shower was fantastic! The whole place is spotlessly clean. We didn't opt for the hotel's breakfast as it seemed expensive, but the Liberty Bounds just a few minutes walk away is a Whetherspoons and we got an adequate Sunday brunch there. There is also an All Bar One at the end of the street which does decent food at reasonable prices. The staff at the hotel were very nice and helpful. We visit London a couple of times a year and we won't be staying anywhere else from now on!!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>deneuchre
<Content>Apex City of London--Worth a Visit Stayed at Apex City of London over the end of May bank holiday. A really good location close to the Tower of London and a couple minutes from Tower Hill tube station. A modern boutique hotel. Staff was friendly and professional. Room (with king bed) was quite comfortable and plenty large by London standards. The bathroom was really terrific with walk in shower (also loved the yellow duckie in the bath). My room located in the back was very quiet. I didn't take any meals at the hotel so can't comment on that. Only glitch was a wake up call that didn't happen but I had a backup alarm so no big deal. I'd readily return when I'm back in London.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Manchester-England
<Content>great hotel! Booked this with a great discount via lastminute, the deal where you dont know which hotel you are staying in until after you've booked it (which could be pretty dodgy, but so far has worked out fine..!)Anyway, the apex is in a great location, round the corner from the Tower of London (this has got to be my favourite landmark in London) and handy for 3 different tubes. Staff were great, very helpful and friendly. Hotel nicely decorated, contemporary, cool, lots of glass, wooden floors, big vases of exotic flowers etc etc. Lovely!The room we had was fine. Well decorated again, very smart bathroom with quality bath/shower products (which were replaced every day...nice touch)The only but....and its a small one....is the placing of the plug sockets....Now i dont know if this just applied to our room but the only available plug sockets were a) behind the large TV and not easy to reach...and b) down under one of the bedside lamps which involved crawling on the floor on hands and knees to reach...slightly odd arrangement that....Neither of these plug sockets were near the dressing table either, which meant lying on the bed and stretching the hairdryer to try and see the mirror.....perhaps may need a rethink in room design that one....I have to say our room tho (number 130) had the most gorgeous view of the church next door (if you dont like church bells ringing on a sunday right next to your head then avoid this room..) and was actually a very nice room indeed.The local area tends to shut down at weekends, being somewhat of a business district, there are one or two bars and restaurants open but not many, but if you dont mind jumping on the tube (5 mins away) into central London, then this wont be a problem.This is a great hotel, brilliant location, and wouldnt hesitate to recommend it to anyone  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>gsnichol
<Content>Excellent, quiet place I stayed here for two nights as part of a wedding party. We had a twin bed room with a huge bathroom - almost as large as the bedroom. The bathroom had a big walk in shower, plus a large bath etc. The room itself was clean, modern and well-decorated if a little dark due to a small window. The location is quite near the Tower of London which means it's a fairly quiet place with some pubs and restaurants nearby. Tower Hill tube is about 5 minutes walk away. The only gripe I had was the exorbitant fee charged for internet access. I would happily stay here again and recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jaf35
<Content>Great location, great hotel ! We booked the hotel completely by chance and could not have made a better choice. The location was excellent. The hotel is very modern, clean and well appointed. The staff were friendly and welcoming. We could not fault anything.My wife and I were in London to celebrate an anniversary, with our family. We all enjoyed our stay and will not hesitate to recommend the hotel to friends.Access to anywhere in London is easy by the London Transport system - Tower Hill station is a short walk away, so too are the Tower of London, the River Thames and Tower Bridge. This modern hotel is located amongst some very magnificent and historic buildings. Sightseeing from the river is readily achieved by using the 'river buses' which can be boarded near the hotel.It was a memorable weekend and we hope to repeat the experience.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lucarotterdam
<Content>Fency and nice design! I had a great time at Apex! The service is excellent and the design is beautiful.Location is also really convenient - 5 minutes walking from Tower Hill tube station. For week days the location is even more convenient when the city is busy. I staid for the weekend and consequently the main pubs nearby were closed. I didn't bother about it - once in London you don't mind walking or getting the metro to enjoy the most (expensive) cool city, do you?!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>stbdublin
<Content>Great City hide away, but still close to the action Stayed there over the bank hoilday weekend 25 May 3 nights. Very friendly welcome from the staff, very helpful and knew what they where talking about , nothing was to much trouble.My room was great very stylish and a good size, only draw back was a small window (the view was of another building so it didn't matter too much), also due to cleaver lighting and decor it felt roomy and bright.... Great walk in shower, great bed, my own little fridge and a proper steam iron and ironing board.the WIFI is not cheap at 拢5.00 1 hour up to 拢15.00 per day however it was an excellent connection fast and clean.The price was great booked online throught londontown.com who where also very helpful.The hotel is 3 mins from Tower Hill Tube which will take you anywhere in London in a very short time, 10 min walk from London Bridge rail station (direct link to Gatwick airport).I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Its not cheap when you get there, however the food is great the drinks where good and the staff where great, so perhaps you do get what you pay for. All in all I had a great time in London and the Apex was the icing on the cake.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>macbroadway
<Content>Excellent Hotel. Will definitely stay here again. Stayed here for 6 nights, 23/5 - 29/5. Busienss hotel in a quiet area in the Financial district, but less than a 5 minute walk to the Tower Hill Tube and Tower of London / Tower Bridge. Was here on holiday and for a reunion with an old mate I hadn't seen in over 15 years.Staff was very friendly and helpful at all times. The room cleaning was carried out quite well every day and room was a always in excellent condition when I returned at the end of the day. Bed was very comfortable, more than enough power in the room (including 110v in the bathroom). Although I had a standard room, it was big enough for me and my mate. Plenty of space to store my clothes- there is no standard dresser/bureau, but there was a wardrobe with enough room. Very quiet at night time as it's located on a side street with no traffic. West End is about 5 stops by tube (about 10 minutes). I never even had to take a cab when i was out late at night - Late night bus service from Trafalgar ran frequently and stopped right at the Tower Hill tube stop.Internet was a bit pricey (拢15 per 24 hours), but that's probably to be expected in a business hotel. Continental Breakfast included, but i sometimes availed myself of the Liberty Bounds pub which has a full menu throughout the day, 9am - 11pm, 7 days a week. Full English breakfast at 拢3.79, compared with the hotel's 拢15.00 for a full breakfast. Liberty bounds is also a 2 minute walk from the hotel. Their entire menu was very reasonably priced, especially given the proximity to the Tower of London - I could eat meals there looking out over the Tower and the Thames.Being slightly off the beaten track from the west end was no problem. I looked at several places and the Apex provided the level of room I wanted, but for about /2 (or less) of comparable hotels that were more central. I booked here mainly based on the majority of reviews I found on Travel Advisor. I will most definitely stay here again. Also, being a business hotel, they will lure in guests for the weekend with specials, so I hope to have more lead time on my next trip to take advantage of this in the future (it was a Bank Holiday for part of my stay, so I got a discount, but not as much as I probably would have received for a non-holiday weekend).  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ry1888
<Content>Top Class Hotel A+++ Myself and three others stayed in the Apex last weekend while in London and the four of us were very impressed with the hotel. The room and bathroom were spotless and the staff were very helpful. I would recommend the Apex to anyone travelling to London and I'll be staying there again if or when I travel back to London. The price of the rooms are also very reasonable.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>johnnyirish06
<Content>Apex Hotel I stayed here at the weekend and I was very impressed with this hotel. I woould definetly recommend it as a place to stay in London.The service is first class, the rooms comfortable and spotless and the food is excelllent.Well done on a great job!  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cityphile
<Content>Couldn't stop smiling This was our fourth visit to The Apex - although we keep trying out other hotels we just keep having to go back. This was our best ever experience - we were upgraded so for once we had (a bit of) a view. We love the style, the helpfulness of the staff, and the quietness of the area at weekends. Also it's very convenient for the tube.Even the continental breakfast is great - all those vitamins in the blueberries and strawberries and the nut bread is to die for.The only minus points for the hotel are the lack of a view from the standard rooms and that the standard bedrooms are small. But hey, we don't go to London to stay in the room.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Fallon07
<Content>Staying here on work was wonderful Staying overnight away from home, alone, and on work is often unenviable, but I have to say very honestly the hotel and the staff made this an almost wholly enjoyable event for me.I have been lucky enough to stay in many of the top rated hotels in Europe, and The Apex, London easily slips into my top 5. From the moment that I checked in, to the moment that I left the hotel, I found the staff friendly, warm and engaging. All were very happy to help me. And I am pleased that I chose Apex as the venue of the forum I had organised for my company.It appears that a very clever team is behind The Apex hotels, they have really put effort and thought into the little things that make a difference when you stay with them. I felt energised, refreshed and happy when I left, my only regret is that I don't have an excuse to go back soon enough!One last thing... The toiletries are to die for - and I love the duck!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bobajob1
<Content>Top at the Apex! Stayed here on wife's birthday. She was mightily impressed. Room excellent, room very lean, decor much different from usual city hotels, BW photos of area very good. Price was excellent. Bar prices not over the top (I work in area so can testify)Highly recommended hotel  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JackMan_ValleyGirl
<Content>London Weekend       Comfy bed, room compact.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>ukclubber
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed here for our first wedding anniversary and was very much impressed. The staff were extremely helpful and the hotel's decor is superb. The one gripe i would have is the price of drinks in the hotel bar !!! It cost me 拢11.03 for a bottle of cider and a bacardi and coke which i thought was ridiculous!The good thing about the location is that there is a weatherspoons pub about 2 mins away which does superb breakfasts for 2 people for around 拢6 all in, which is fantastic for London and also the drinks are priced as you would expect up north :)All in all i would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a 4 star stay for a 3 star price booking through londontown.com  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DixienMitz
<Content>What a dump! This so-called business hotel in the lower financial district is little more than a glorified hostel. The rooms are TINY and there are only two miniscule drawers to put your belongings away. If you use up your soap they do not replace it, there are no ameneties whatsoever. (except a squeaky rubber duck you can take home). The place is far from inexpensive and yet you feel as though you are in a $50 a night place. Calling itself a business hotel there is only one computer available for guests to use (for a fee) and it is in the lobby across from reservations( no privacy); at lunchtime the area is filled with execs drinking and eating and using the single workstation as a table. The workstation also is merely a shelf with a screen and keyboard, no printer is available. No tissues in the room, no extra pillows, no icebucket. Dark, angular and moderne it feels like a dormitory (a prison?). The rooms are so small that they tried to convince us to accept the larger, wheelchair accessible disabled room, except there the sink was down around our knees. No Thanks! The staff was pleasant, however.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	3	2	1	

<Author>CFMSurrey
<Content>Outstanding hotel An intimate and classy hotel in a great location. My room was modern and comfortable with a huge bath. The breakfast I ordered on room service (which included haggis!) was was easily the best hotel breakfast I麓ve ever had. Very friendly and attentive staff and ludicrously good value if booked through one of the late availability websites. This wll be my first choice of a central London hotel in the future. Outstanding.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DolphinEssex
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed at the hotel for a weekend away for our anniversay, on arriving fairly early we were able to check in straight away, the receptionist very helpful as well as the gentleman holding the door open and taking our luggage, service was with a smile and wishing us a good day, it made such a change from the usual unhappy to much trouble staff you get at some top London hotels. The room was excellent, clean, contempary with everything you needed. The management have obviously taken time to train their staff well and should be proud of what they have achieved. We didn't eat at the hotel but the resturant again looked very stylish, with plenty of people eating there. Location was excellent as we know London very well with underground station and bus routes close by. I would certainly recommend this hotel, Well done  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>H00siertravel
<Content>great hotel  We stayed at this hotel over Easter weekend and it was great! The hotel was very convenient to the Tower Hill tube station, and Tower of London. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The only problem we had was trying to figure out how to turn on the lights. We haven't traveled to Europe in years, so we were surprised that you have to insert your room key in a plastic slot as soon as you enter the room (on the wall inside the door). This controls all of the electricity in the room, as well as the a/c. I'm sure the staff got a good laugh out of us, as did we! Don't know if all hotels are now like this, but kudos to them for being energy efficient! We only ate breakfast at the hotel, which was pretty good. Would definitely recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>paul0000000
<Content>Excellent hotel I've stayed in the Apex both in London and Edinburgh and think the hotels are some of the best around. They have great decor which makes a nice change from the blandness of the corporate image of many larger chains.The staff are very friendly and its just a pleasure to stay there. Good drinks, food and service everywhere.Finally, its incredible value for money. You feel like you are in a 5* hotel.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HBomb1
<Content>Cool, comfortable and friendly Having stayed in the Apex hotels in both Edinburgh and Dundee we knewtheir standards were high. London lived up to our expectations. Although it's a little out of the way from the heart of the action, It's a fantastic hotel and the best value i've ever found in London.Despite arriving at 8.00 in the morning our room was ready for us and the reception staff were extremely helpful and friendly. We foundthis to be the case for all the staff in the hotel.The rooms are beautiful, clean and comfortable and the hotel even has a DVD library and DVD players in your room.Because it's right on the Thames a quick walk across the river and along the bank takes you past loads of great things to do, all withinwalking distance of the hotel - The Tower of London, Borough Food Market, The Tate Modern, Vinopolis and loads more the further you walk.All in this is a friendly but sophisticated hotel at a price that is unbelievable for London. I will always try and stay at the Apex when i'm in London.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>phillytraveler12
<Content>Great value for the money!!!!!!!! Just got back from Europe with my 13 yr. old daughter. We stayed at the Apex in London. Very nice hotel for the money. Literally 2 minutes to the Tower of london, 3 minutes to the Tower Bridge, and 2 minutes to the Tower hill entrance to the underground. The hotel is in the middle of the financial district on a little back street (very quiet). If you want to be in the middle of all the action, stay in Picadilly Circus, but for a very nice hotel in a quiet area stay at the Apex. I only have one complaint. I like my room on the cool side (70-74 degrees F) and for some reason the air conditioner would not get that cold. the manager tried to have it fixed but to no avail. They did give us a couple of fans and that did the trick. Overall it was a good choice in hotels. Now, in London you have to get the London Pass with the transport option (good value) we were able to skip lines (queues) and really see alot of the city with the pass. We spent 6 days there before heading off to Ireland. One last thing, I have to comment on a free bicycle tour we got from the London Pass. It was given by the London Bicycle Company on Gabriels Wharf by the Tate Modern Museum. Now I don't generally ride a bike and I'm not in that great a shape (male, mid-thirties with three kids and a busy career if you know what I mean), but, my daughter talked me into going on a bicycle tour of London with this company. The tour was guided and took 3-4 hours. This was the most memorable thing we did on our entire trip. It is an easy ride, lots of fun, and very educational (the guide stops along the way and gives you a bit of history about each location). if you go, tell Gunder ( I think that is how you spell it) we said thanks, he was our tour guide..  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>phantomtraveler
<Content>Amazing Customer Service This hotel has a fabulous and friendly staff.We never stayed at this hotel but somehow booked this in error through London.com. We had picked this hotel originally because of all the great reviews, however, decided to book one closer to the attraction my daughter wanted to see. as she was traveling alone.However, London.com had a problem with their system and never sent me confirmation of the reservation so I didn't realize it had actually been made. Therefore, I didn't cancel my reservation because I didn't realize it had actually been processed.Needless to say, I was upset when this hotel charged me almost $400 for a no show.However, this hotel was fantastic about this problem. They went out of their way to contact London.com and solved the problem for me. Even before the problem was solved, they had refunded half my money and it wasn't even their fault.They always sent me nice emails and assured me that they would help. I was so pleasantly surprised at how friendly they were. Ultimately, they solved the problem and refunded all my money.If you want a great hotel (I've been told) and absolutely great service with friendly people - then I highly recommend this hotel. I will definitely book with them when I get to London.London.com was also great in acknowledging the problem.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HeritageSheffield
<Content>brilliant stay Another great stay at the Apex . My daughter and i allways stay here when visiting London and it never disapoints. Staff are allways friendly and helpful and the rooms are comfortable and very tastefully decorated . The special deals we have recieved via the emails are great value too. We would both recomend this hotel to anyone planning a break in London. Julie and Sara Bond [Sheffield]  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vanessamunnings
<Content>A bargain boutique hotel I have stayed at Apex hotels in the UK and find them to be fabulous - but this one particularly. It is a wonder to find such a good, funky 'boutique' style hotel at such a great price. Room was excellent. Shower big enough for several people - a was the bath. massive comfortable bed, great TV, excellent free dvd library, food fab and staff a joy. I would whole-heartedly recommend to anyone and will defintiely stay again.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wolvo_Stoner
<Content>Amazing! Can't Get Any Better I stayed here over christmas 2006 and i have no complaints wat so ever. this hotel is set on a beautiful backstreet of the City. about a 2 minute walk to Tower Hill station,Within shouting distance of the tower of London and the Tower Bridge, but as its set of the main roads is so quiet and peaceful. The staff were awsome and upon arrival was greeted with a huge smile and friendly service. The room was very classy lots of wood and striaght lines, the bedding was ultimatly comftable, there was 2 widescreen TVs in the room aswell as 2 DVD players, the bathroom was well kept very clean, the little rubber duck thats in each room was even smiling! The room had a veiw of the bridge and the skyline of London, the food was amazing (if a little pricey but hey this IS central London) the wine was awsome, the service was exceptional. Upon arrival in our room there was a knock at the door and there was a FREE bottle of champagne and a Christmas card from the hotel co-ordinator welcoming us to the hotel. but was really impressed me was the fact of the champagne wasnt cheap nasty stuff, i looked on the drinks menu and the bottle was worth 拢79.99 and i was SHOKKED!!! overall i would say this hotel is one of the best in London FULL STOP, the service the food the staff all amazing, the location, the cleanliness,the setting were all just as great! Try this Hotel at some point in your life!!!! But to be honest i have heard that all APEX hotels are nice so im going to check the edinburgh one and il write a review on here! Thank you Apex Keep up the good work!!!!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emily809
<Content>Amazing hotel! All the staff I met were extremely friendly and always went out of their way to help. The rooms are a good size with extremely comfortable beds, widescreen tvs and dvd players. They even have a dvd library with a good variety of films to choose from. The continental breakfast is absolutely delicious!! An excellent hotel in a good location, hope to be returning in the near future.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EricWindsor
<Content>Great location, great hotel Stayed here for one night in February this year. Excellent location - we needed to be near to the Tower of London - and excellent facilities. Got a good price through the hotel website (cheaper than Expedia) and paid extra for breakfast, which was well worth it. Would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>infest90
<Content>Nice hotel - bit out of the way We arrived at the hotel around 11pm after a 9 hour train journey and were pretty tired, just wanted to fall into bed and go to sleep! Checking in was okay, although they wanted to secure 拢30 from my debit card even though the booking was already paid in full, they said it was to pay for any room service etc, I knew I wasn't going to use any but they did it anyways. They explained how to use the key card to open the bedroom door but no details of breakfast were mentioned which I forgot about until we were about to go to sleep. Simple, useful information which we could have done with. When we got to the hotel room door the key card was much more complicated than we first presumed, it turned out the lock was a bit iffy and we couldn't get it opened so they changed our key. Breakfast was alright, just the average cooked really. When we got back from eating the bedroom door wouldnt open again and we had to get yet another key - we were getting a bit bored of this now. We asked for a none smoking room but it stank of cigarettes even with the window open all day, the ashtray was a bit of a giveaway too.Customer service was good, polite and helpful.Location-wise it's a bit out of the way but with good Underground links only a few minutes walk away.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Naraloo
<Content>Great hotel good location Great hotel, modern and stylish. great location close to the Tower of London and Tower Bridge. Just make sure the room rate you book include breakfast. We got charged 拢30 for two continental breakfasts, orange juice and tea extra!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Holiday_needed_now
<Content>Good location, nice hotel Hotel location is great - really close to the underground and within a few minutes walk of Tower Bridge and the Tower of London.The hotel itself is nice - very clean, with modern well-equipped rooms and a large bathroom. The little rubber duck was a nice touch.Only downside to the room was an irritating hum all night (from the air conditioning?). We were only staying one night. If we'd stayed longer I'd have asked to move room.The continental breakfast was good with fresh fruit, pastries, cheese etc. The price we got (about 拢80 for a Saturday night and continental breakfast) was very good value for central London.Overall we were very pleased with finding this hotel (thanks to trip advisor) and would be happy to stay here again when visiting London.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelling_beetle
<Content>Great hotel for exploring London       The room  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Fozzza
<Content>Great stay at the Apex in London My wife and I spent two enjoyable nights in London at the Apex City of London Hotel, near the Tower.We received a really warm welcome and checking in was very speedy. The room that we chose was modern, had excellent decor and state of the art fixtures and fittings.The beds were extremely comfortable, crisp white linen and everything was absolutely spotless.We will definitely return to this hotel again.All of the staff that we came into contact with were very friendly and nothing was ever too much trouble for them.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sean&beshuz
<Content>Perfect!!!!!! Loved it!       Bathroom  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SwissLadySpalding
<Content>Breath of fresh air...... .....it was indeed. From the minute we checked in until our departure the following day we savoured every moment of our stay.We came to London for a special function and we are so glad we chose the Apex City of London Hotel, it was the icing on the cake, best week-end in a long time. Full mark on the design and furnishing of the rooom, loved the bathroom and all the very nice touches and attention to details.Congratulation to the person dealing with staff training, everybody was so pleasant and helpfull without overdoing it .After a most comfortable night ,we enjoyed the best continental breakfast we have ever had. We know where to stay in London in the future and will recommend it to friends and relations .  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>onlymeIpswich
<Content>Three "W" Wow-Wicked-Wonderful We booked this hotel on the 18th for a stay between 19-21st of January for our 16th Wedding Anniversary and it was honestly the three W The Staff were excellent in every way.They made us feel really comfortable. We would recommend this hotel to anyone if on business or just a break away-you will not be dissapointed.Have fun :-)  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Clooina
<Content>Fantastic Modern Hotel We chose this hotel based on the fact that we don't like to stay in the same place twice and it had good reviews on Expedia. We may have to change that rule as this hotel was amazing. We stayed on Friday 19th Jan 2007 and because everyone in the City had gone home for the weekend it was lovely and quiet (and value for money).The room was very clean, the staff polite and we are thinking about copying the interior design of the room ourselves as it was so nice. We were also amused by the rubber duck in the bathroom with an Apex Hotel t-shirt on.Excellently situated for Tower Bridge, Tower of London, Southbank and the City.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>XXXAlexandraXXX
<Content>Excellent value!!!! I have stayed in Apex this week and there is only one word to describe it: PERFECTStaff were really friendly and very helpfullLoved bathroom!Advise: at the check in be nice with front desk person and you might get a FREE upgrade.. i just callled down to say that it was cold in the room and after few minutes they called and offered me a DELUXE room...Tell me where can you get better service?Will be back for sure  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>member from
<Content>Excellent hotel We stayed here for one night. Excellent location, comfortable and clean accommodation and very friendly and helpful staff. The continental breakfast was perfect. This hotel represents outstanding value for money and is a great base for sightseeing or shopping since there is a tube station just round the corner.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blaxx
<Content>Unexpected and Insurpassable We weren't sure what to expect until we arrived. Everything has a very modern touch - however, it was still very welcoming.The room we had was huge for European standards... and it has the most amazing bathroom in a hotel we have seen (Try the bathtub - highly recommended!)It is located just by the Tower of London, and there is a Tube station just around the corner. Staff was very accomodating.It was certainly an excellent experience (and the price made it an absolute steal!)  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Andrew'n'Helen
<Content>great styling Great styled hotel. got a good deal on the internet for the room with breakfast. Breakfast  restaurant were good. Prices at bar were high (800ml of water 拢5!).Door closers are a bit fierce and there were regular lod bangs from doors closing (didn't stop us sleeping though)!.Very close to Tower Hill Tube and easy to get into the city centre.Very close to Tower of London and Tower Bridge.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>L-and-J-McSweeney
<Content>Great Hotel - Not-so-great staff My husband and I stayed at the Apex for our second (my third) trip to London for 9 nights. Check in was smooth and the room was large by London standards. Bed was very comfortable and the separate shower and tub were a welcome surprise. The shower actually had water pressure, unlike many other hotels we've stayed in (the shower gets five stars and was the best part of the room). However, I don't know if it was because we booked through a discount site (londontown.com) or if the staff was overly tired from the holidays, but we found the staff to be condescending in general and sometimes outright rude. There were a couple of minor problems with our room during our 9 night stay. The first problem was that the fuse was out for the bedside reading lights and the second problem was that the drain was stuck shut for the bathtub. Both times we called it was assumed by staff that we were dumb Americans who could not work European fixtures (not the case). Being given directions over the phone on how to work a bathtub drain was pretty rude, especially since I had already explained what the actual problem was. Also, the doorman of the hotel opened the door for us exactly once during our stay and neither time that we were carrying our luggage. In general, the staff seemed to be more concerned with chatting with one another than with helping the hotel guests. This hotel is very conveniently located to the Tower Hill tube station and one of the many Wagamama noodle bars (yum!), but this side of town is a bit out of the way for the average tourist and the City (the area of London that the hotel is in) clears out on weeknights, leaving few places open to eat. While the room was the nicest I've stayed in in London, I still wouldn't stay here again based on our experiences with the staff. When staying for 9 nights, I expect a little better treatment, regardless of where I booked the room.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Hayley21x
<Content>Excellent Hotel highly recommended! My partner and I stayed at the apex recently and had a fantastic time. The hotel is spotlessly clean, very stylish and modern with gorgeous decor!staff were very friendly and helpful, the breakfast was delicious-lots of choice availableroom service was impressive, little expensive but definately worth it! rooms cleaned daily and efficiently and rooms were very comfortable-free tolietries and rubber duck :) quiet location-away from hustle and bustle, no noise at night good for tube location and nice surrounding restaurants perfect!!!highly recommended- cant wait to go back!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>worldtravelers1
<Content>Lots of additional expenses My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights over the Christmas holiday. We got a very good rate (拢65) because this is a business hotel and we stayed over the holiday. The rooms are very nice with a very comfortable large bed, a refrigerator, a dvd player and a bathtub. The facilities at the hotel are nice but we did not eat at the restaurant or have a drink at the bar. We had pizza from room service on Christmas because there was nowhere to eat in London that was open and the pizza was not very good. The pizza at Pizza Express or any other chain is much better. There are three reasons why we did not give the hotel a better review. First, the internet was very expensive. It costs 拢5 for an hour and 拢15 for 24 hours. While we are sure this is no issue for business travelers, it is too expensive for anyone without an expense account. Second, the hotel charged for local calls by the minute (which we have never heard of anywhere in the world) and, even though we bought an international calling card and used its local access number and toll free number, we racked up 拢50 worth of calls home to America over the holidays. Finally, although the staff was nice and fairly helpful, when we asked about the location of the theatre for our play that evening we were told by a woman at the front desk that it was near a tube stop in Zone 2. We questioned this because our understanding was that most theatres were in the West End but the woman confirmed that this was the location. Luckily we walked right past the theatre while we were out and about that day walking around the West End. So in the end there was no damage done but the misinformation could have resulted in a late arrival to a show and an expensive cab ride.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stigingabolen
<Content>December buzz A wonderful hotel, situated near to the Tower of London and Tower Bridge. The hotel offers great value for money accomodation as well as friendly hotel staff. The rooms are extremely modern with clear cut furnishings and comforatble bathrooms. The rooms are big for a european hotel and if you manage to get a deal on your hotel room like we did, a simple but perfectly adeqate breakfast is included within anybody's small budget. London is always going to be an expensive city, but the Apex is situated near to Tower Hill tube station and within walking distance of restaurants and museums. I would certainly come again and would be pleased to recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>redhotrobert1979
<Content>Spot On This hotel is spot on!Value for money is very high, we booked over the internet on a rate of 拢70. The rooms are very nice, and of high spec and finish. Similar spec to a 'Malmasion' hotel if you have stayed there.Should probably be a 4 star hotel. Very, very impressed.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>DanielleTully
<Content>Great Hotel with Super Location I stayed in this hotel on a business trip and I just loved it. It is only a few blocks from tower bridge and the tower of London. The hotel has a very modern decor and tastfully decorated rooms. The staff was very friendly. This hotel is in a very quite area of town away from the main tourist strip.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Richard4221
<Content>Fantastic Night at the Apex City of London I booked the Apex via Travelocity.co.uk as a last minute thought rather than driving home after a long night out. Eeverything about this hotel is brand spanking new, clean, tastefully decorated in a modern/contemporary theme and represents outstanding value when compared with central london hotels with West End postcodes. Despite us paying a last minute rate, the receptionist upgraded us without being asked to a superior room which turned out to be a junior suite with sitting area, colour TV  DVD player and fantastic bathroom. A drink in the bar on our return was served with friendly efficiency by the lady on duty and all staff on our brief visit proved very helpful, professional  friendly. We did not eat at the hotel, but reviews by leading food critics suggest the restaurant to be excellent. Would I recommend the Apex? Yes, yes YES! Another joy was being able to park right outside the hotel over the weekend on a single yellow line, thus saving the usual 拢30+ parking fee NCP usually charges. Housekeeping proved very helpful by providing extra blankets on a cold night and the great thing about this hotel, is that you only to ask once and things get done straight away. Well done, all staff at the Apex and thank you for making our impromptu stay such an enoyable occasion.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HighE
<Content>Hard to Find. I stayed here for 2 nights on business. It is convenient to the CIty - perhaps a 10-15 minute walk or 5 min cab ride to the financial district. I found the room to be spacious, but very poorly lit and my hvac didn't seem to work very well. Noiseproofing was minimal, but the hotel is not on a very busy street, so its not a huge issue. The gym is average - a good selection of cardio machines and a universal weight machine that is basically useless. There is a very nice locker room and steam room however. The staff was courteous and attentive, butI had a bad experience with the concierge. I asked him for walking directions to my office - he seemed disappointed that I wasn't taking a cab, but drew X's on a map showing where the hotel and my office are. Turns out, the X he drew for the hotel location was completely off - after dinner, I spent perhaps 40 minutes strolling around in circles trying to locate the Apex - even asking people didn't help since it is on a seemingly little known street. I finally found it and immediately asked the host on duty to confirm that I wasn't going insane. He confirmed that the concierge was quite careless and the X he had drawn was pretty far off. A small issue for someone familiar with the city, but a huge one for someone from out of town.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	2	3	4	2	2	

<Author>conspiracyinc
<Content>Beautiful! Lovely hotel, very modern and luxurious. I really like the area, and the fact that I can get to Tower in two minutes, and the center by tube in 10.We stayed there for a weekend and had a wonderful time. The staff where very nice and always at our service. We didn't dine at the restaurant, but we did have a very nice breakfast there, I recommend trying it.Instead of renting an expensive film via the tv, the apex has a wide selection of dvds available at the front desk at any time of day or night. Being a bit of a film geek myself, I'd say the person who selected the films have very good taste! A very good alternative to the traditional hotel film service.What else? Oh yeah, the bathtub had a rubber duck and great bath products!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>JKnowles
<Content>Never fail to impress After staying in the Apex hotels in Edingburgh we knew what to expect from this new hotel in London. Excellent service, nice modern clean rooms and wonderful food. The reception staff were very helpful and the restaraunt service was excellent. The position of the hotel is great you are just around the corner from the tube, we had views of London Bridge from our room. We walked from Covent Garden back to our Hotel along the river one night which took about 45 mins. There are some lovely bars and restaurants around the hotel. I would recommed Apex to anyone who likes a quality hotel at an excellent price.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JBCB
<Content>Great Hotel We were fortunate to have a weekend break in this Hotel. Good location, above average rooms and excellent service.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Part_time_traveller
<Content>Can see why the Apex gets good reviews       Dressing table/desk  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>palmthrees
<Content>Great hotel/Location Recently stayed at the Apex. Very smart, clean and with very friendly staff.Room was nice, huge comfortable bed, and great walk in shower.Location is great too. 2 minutes from Tower of London and tube station. Hotel situated in quiet back street so no London traffic or noise!!!!Witherspoons Pub on next corner - good food and beer!!!....if eating on a budget.All in all a great place to stay in London.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CaptainKate
<Content>Really nice, professional hotel! Booked this hotel via Hotel Direct on internet for 拢98 for double room.The hotel is clean, modern and nicely decorated. Our room was a good size with large bed, TV and DVD player, walk in shower and bath with nice toiletries and a complimentary rubber duck!We had only been given a continental breakfast with this rate, but the manager insisted we eat breakfast in the restuarant and offered us pastries, toast, fruit, yoghurts and a cooked breakfast - which was fantastic. No extra charge when leaving so this was really nice.Even though this is not terribly close to the West End etc, Tower Hill tube station is only 2 mins away. Good value and good service - can't complain!!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LIKEPOSHBUTSKINT
<Content>Good but wouldn't pay the full price Booked through londontown website at a much reduced price. Very smart and clean hotel. Massive bed and large bath and shower. Friendly staff. Very quiet in the room. Widescreen LCD TV with DVD player in room. Free DVD rental.The nearest tube (Tower Hill) is only a couple of minutes walk away. Disappointments:TV reception is appalling and virtually unwatchable. Free DVD rental nearly makes up for that though.Only enough milk for 2 hot drinks per day.Local bars closed on Sat/Sun. No nearby shops that I could find on a 40 minute brisk walk with blisters!Didn't use the restaurant due to it being a bit on the pricey side and no-one in it. Room service also expensive, and when used, the optional service charge is automatically included. Bit cheeky. Wireless internet expensive at 拢5 for an hour although 24 hours worked out cheaper.Don't pay full price unless you have too much money!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>wusscat
<Content>An Oasis in London This hotel is wonderful. From the moment we arrived the welcome was warm and helpful. All the staff seemed to want us to have a nice time and did all they could to be as informative as possible. The rooms were modern and very clean. No traffic noise as hotel is located in a quiet backstreet. Breakfast was cooked at time of ordering so was hot and extremely good value.Didnt have other meals but restaurant looked good and there was an extensive wine list. Location of the hotel is excellent for theatre, West End etc and all tourist locations can be reached by public transport without having to use expensive taxis. A real oasis in London.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kb1977
<Content>Brilliant hotel The nicest 4 star hotel I have ever stayed in, more like a 5 star hotel! Booked with ebookers - 拢87 for a double room inc continental breakfast. Good location - very close to Tower Hill tube station, though used the number 15 bus as you see more of London on the bus! - The no 15 runs all night and the stop is also very close to the hotel.Breakfast was really really nice, loads of fresh fruit, pastries, greek yoghurt etc. I normally like a full English but there was more than enough choice with the continental.Another good thing - you can leave your bags at the hotel if you either check in early or want to leave your bags after you've checked out for no extra charge.The leisure facilities were really lovely - nice gym, sauna etc - no pool though.Room was big and very modern, extremely comfy bed, and lovely bathroom with excellent walk in shower and nice toiletries.Overall an excellent hotel and I will definitely go back next time I visit London.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>KathyJo
<Content>I really liked it. Very convenient and good sized rooms for a London hotel. The location is very convenient. It is on a small side street about a block or so from the Tower tube station. Easy walk to the Tower Bridge and Tower of London. Fenchurch rail station is also close by. I was staying there for a week for work. It is about a 15-30 minute walk to various parts the City (depends where you are walking to). The rooms are a decent size for a London hotel. I had a king sized bed, desk, couch, coffee table. It wasn't cramped. Bathroom had a decent sized shower and tub. Rooms were clean and the staff were very polite. Since it is a block or so off the main streets, it was quiet. There is a small gym downstairs. However, no more than 2-3 hotel guests were in there at a time. No fee to use but you have to sign in at the front desk for a key. The equipment was new and in good condition. I didn't eat there so I can't comment on the food.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hutch06
<Content>Fantastic hotel and staff! I stayed here with my husband for two nights last weekend. From the minute I walked into the hotel the service could not have been better. I was given a free upgrade by the very personable receptionist (without asking) and the room was excellent. It was spotlessly clean, and felt like a living room with a sofa, king-size bed, and very tasteful furnishings. There were tea/coffee making facilities, an iron and ironing board (reputed to be a health  safety hazard in other hotels as an excuse for not providing them) large widescreen TV and DVD/CD player. The bathroom was lovely with wonderful full-size toiletries, a large walk-in shower and separate bath. Breakfast was amazing, with a choice of continental or fry-up. We tried one of each and both were terrific, again with excellent service.It was such a lovely relaxing weekend we were sorry to leave. On getting home, however, i realised that I had left my (expensive) jewellery in the room. I immediately phoned the hotel who said they had found it and offered to post it to me by Special Delivery.I have stayed in many five star hotels all over the world, but this is by far one of the nicest and friendliest hotels I have ever stayed in. I would not hesitate to go back or recommend it to anyone seeking a quality hotel in London.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MINERVA1984
<Content>Quiet and Contemporary in the City What a find! Right on the doorstep of the Tower of London and a 2 minute walk through a park from the Tube. An ideal place to stay if sight -seeing - on circle and district line Tower Hill station. This hotel is very modern and has lovely contemporary decor. We only stayed the night but were very impressed with the high standard of the room and the excellent inclusive breakfast. I have already recommended it to a friend looking for accommodation. Staff are friendly and professional and service excellent. Also very quiet considering its position. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mf123
<Content>Loved the deluxe room, nice contemporary design and all round good hotel Plenty of room, nice decor and a comfortable bed. Didn't have a chance to sample much other than the room itself but staff seemed pleasant enough and it was pretty close to amenities in the City of London. Will be staying again (on business) and hope the standards are maintained.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>FatFella
<Content>Appealing Apex I鈥檇 endorse much of what was said before about this place. The rooms were a reasonable size considering you were in London 鈥?we opted for a deluxe room in which they managed to wedge in a separate TV area with a small sofa. The bathroom was very good with a full size bath and a separate wet room type shower cubicle.We found the staff friendly and efficient and you couldn鈥檛 fault the breakfast 鈥?as long as it鈥檚 in your room rate otherwise it鈥檚 a bit on the pricey for the full hit.My only gripe was the location. It鈥檚 very handy for the Tower of London/Tower Bridge/Tower Hill tube. But as you鈥檙e in the City most of the bars and restaurants in the immediate vicinity are closed at the weekends. Good to escape to after a day鈥檚 frantic sightseeing. Not so good if you fancy a quick drink near your hotel.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Claude57
<Content>Several days in London August 2006 I very appreciated the quite location of the hotel, but close enough to the City to avoid long public or taxi transportation. A fast and friendly service, good restaurant, modern contemporary style and for London a moderate price make it a place to go again.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Visitor330
<Content>Nice Rooms - Bad Service At Breakfast Just returned from a weekend stay at the Apex in London. If you get a good rate I would recommend this hotel - the rooms are very clean and contemporary. The bathrooms are even better - large bath and separate walk in shower area. Things I liked about this place : great location close to Tower of London; easy access to other side of river around Tower Bridge; nice comfortable beds; plenty of space for hanging up your clothes; free mineral water given in your own room fridge; each room had own private safe.I would stay here again - but on the disappointing side was the level of customer service in the restaurant for breakfast. There was plenty of staff but they seemed to have no system for handling guests. On the second day on giving our room number we were advised that someone from that room already had been in for breakfast and were asked are you sure you haven't already been down. Then there seemed a great deal of discussion about this will we continued to have breakfast - it started to get annoying after being asked your room number about 3 times! The man in charge of the breakfast proceedings was less than friendly and his attitude to guests was off putting. Other than slightly poor customer service in restaurant I found reception staff and rest of hotel fine.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>HelenLamont
<Content>Excellent hotel This hotel has superb rooms with everything you need. They are the size of a studio apartment with a bedroom area and lounge area and a TV in each. There is a fridge rather than a mini bar  complimentary water. Towelling robes, slippers and good quality toiletries are supplied. We liked the way the brasserie opened out onto the street and we could hear the bells of Saint Pauls. It is a good location for walking over the bridge to Southbank.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>AliAM
<Content>Great stay Stayed for one night in September booked by the company. Very friendly staff and fantastic bedroom. Highlight was dinner with colleagues in the hotel restaurant addendum. Best food and service I have had in many a year.Very loacl to my office and minute walk from Tower Hill. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WoollyScouser
<Content>High Standards, Great Location Stayed for a long weekend leisure break. Great location very close to Tower Hill Tube. Nothing is too much much trouble for the staff to keep families happy. Hotel is spotless and the rooms a good size, especially the bathrooms. Compares very well with Tower Thistle on price, service and proximity to tube! Give it a try. We'll certainly return.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>newbuck
<Content>Great hotel and great value for money Just returned from an overnight stay in London. Booked this hotel based on the reviews on this website and wasn't disappointed. Hotel staff were hospitable and accommodating. We checked in early (1pm) so that we could take in a matinee show with no problems.  It's a little out of the way for the West End, but having read the reviews of the hotels aound Soho and Bloomsbury I think its easily worth the extra few minutes travel. We paid for a City Kingsize room on an advanced purchase rate including breakfast and have to say it was brilliant value for money. All in all a great hotel and a great stay. Thoroughly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>FLIEGER67
<Content>What a perfect place! Returned yesterday from a weekend trip to London.This was not my first stay in London but the best ever.I麓ve booked the Apex by Octopustravel and payed 270.-- EUR BB for two rooms.At time of arrival, Saturday, 2.30 pm the very friendly girl at the front desk offered me two rooms at the first floor, ready to check-in or one room at the third floor which was ready and an upgrade to a larger room at the forth floor which will be ready at around4 pm.I decided for the second offer and was really positive surprised.My room was well designed with wooden floor, a comfy, large bed, TV and DVD. The bathroom was spacious, fitted with a separate shower cabin and a bathtub, special was the large window over the bathtub, to close with a blind during bathtime.Real good.The Apex is only around the corner from Tower Hill subway station, easy to reach.Breakfast was buffet style, but also with fresh toast and other details served at the table, great.The whole staff was friendly.A recommendable place, not cheap, but everything on high level.The other room was a bit smaller, but also very good.I was accompanied by my seven year old son and my 60 year old mother, both confirmed my positive statement.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>row78
<Content>Fantastic hotel My husband and I have just had a brilliant weekend at this hotel, which is the best hotel I have stayed in. The bed was huge and very comfortable, the freebies in the bathroom were half size luxurious bottles, and the room had every luxury you could want. We had lovely bathrobes, slippers and decent size towels provided. The hairdryer was fab, and the fridge was handy. They even provided free magazines in the room and a dvd library availble from reception. It was a minutes walk away from the tube, and the Tower of London is a short stroll away. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>LITSIE49
<Content>Highly recommend the Apex City of London I chose the Apex City of London for its fantastic location right next to the Tower of London, and I was not disappointed. It was easy to get around as it is so close to Tower Hill tube, and being right next to the Thames by Tower Bridge it meant we could walk along the river to St Katherine's Dock, and have dinner there, or cross over to the South Bank and eat in one of the many fantastic restaurants overlooking the water. The hotel itself was excellent and the staff friendly and welcoming. Even though the free upgrade promised by the tour operator was not actually applicable to us, the lovely young lady on duty did not miss a beat and upgraded us anyway displaying excellent customer service skills so lacking in some hotels these days. The room was great with a super kingsize bed with lovely squashy duvet and extra pilows, which you dont usually get! The air conditioning worked and was not too noisy, which ensured a good nights sleep. The bathroom was clean and bright with funky fittings, superb huge wet room shower and great toiletries you actually wanted to use! In every bathrom they put a complimentary little rubber duck which you are encouraged to take home, which is a nice quirky little touch. All in all a super hotel for your weekend break, even if its a little further away from Theatreland, and I would not hesitate to go back again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>IrishGem
<Content>Nice hotel, shame about the details I stayed at this hotel for a weekend in august. Having booked a double room, I was extremely disappointed to find that I had 2 single beds pushed together, which was not what I was paying for. However, the duvets (not sheets!) and loads of pillows were very welcome! As an asthmatic, I had no problems with anything in the room. The rooms are very pretty, nicely decorated, everything clean and crisp. Liked the big tv with dvd player, and nice little selection of dvds available from reception. A friend of mine had sent a present for my birthday a week before I arrived, and having spoken personally to the manager, and also sent a reminder on the day, she was assured that it would be in my room before I arrived, which it wasn't. Not a big deal but a bit disappointed that they didn't follow through on promises. (It was delivered later in the evening). Room service was quite nice, not cheap but not too expensive, quick and nicely presented. The bathrooms are just lovely, but not very user-friendly, (for some reason the toilets have flusher buttons that would take a muscle man to press!!). Huge walk in shower, plus separate bath, everything very clean and new looking. The desk staff were nice (one or two sour faces, but mostly friendly ones!). It was nice to be able to leave my bags with the concierge for the day after I checked out. Very good area for tourists, tower bridge etc right outside, not very lively at the weekends, but that suited me fine as I wanted a quiet nights sleep!! About a 10 minute tube ride to city center. If you walk accross the bridge and take in the view, you come to a row of restaurants along the waterfront, very nice.All in all quite nice, a few little things I would change, but nothing drastically wrong!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>trixi22
<Content>Excellent hotel, in an excellent location Just returned from an overnight and I felt I must write this review.Booked this hotel through ebookers which I must reccommend as I nearly saved 拢100 for the room.Arrived there at 11am on Saturday morning no problems with reservations although they asked for a credit card for security. When I gave mines they said an imprint was taken, in fact they took 拢30 out and then explained it would be bought back in after check out. I don't particulary like this policy.Room was excellent spacious and clean. Loved the decor. Had a room facing Trinity square which was really quite.Excellent hotel location not far from the station and from Tower Bridge. Nice and quiet although I think it was the weekend. The main attractions are about 4 tube stops.Never had breakfast went to the Wetherspoons. Better value and has a great view of tower bridge. Loved this hotel and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Mightymoosie
<Content>Apex - lovely location, a little impersonal though I have just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel and I have to say that for the price we paid (going through Nectar we booked via Octopus travel 1000 points plus 拢155), it was very good value. However, I wouldn't pay much more for a standard room.In the first instance I rang the hotel to check our booking, and I am glad I did as they didn't actually know about it! I also asked whether we would be able to check in early as it was my partner's Birthday and I had booked a show for 2.30pm (normal check in is 2pm). I was told this shouldn't be a problem and they would note it but to ring the hotel also on the day. I rang the hotel on the day only to be told that I couldn't check in early as they didn't have any of my type rooms available, but they were very quick to try and sell me an upgrade saying that they had some of their deluxe rooms available. I said no as it wasn't in our budget and asked whether I could leave my luggage instead. I was told that would be fine.I arrived at the hotel around midday and asked whether I could leave my luggage as we had a show to go to, and once again they tried to upsell me a deluxe room (for an additional 拢20)!!!! I felt that this was bordering on desperation, and considering that I had already said no, they shouldn't have pushed it again, as to be honest, it made me feel a little embarrassed standing in reception. Anyway, the hotel itself as others have already commented, is about a 2 minute walk from Tower Hill Tube station - in a lovely area which is more lively during the week (due to the area mainly consisting of offices), and quite quiet at weekends. Most of the bars in teh area shut at weekends but there is a Wetherspoons right near the hotel if you fancy a drink.Our room (standard - no 613) was very comfortable and in terms of space was about average for a London 4 star standard room. The bathroom was bigger with a huge shower and a separate, but small-ish bath. There is also a speaker in the bathroom I suppose so that you can use the DVD/CD player, but ours wasn't working. They also clearly hadn't hoovered the floor before we arrived as there were bits everywhere on the carpet! (yuk!)Breakfast seemed to be served in different areas depending on the day of the week! At the weekend you could eat next to the reception area (but they allow smoking - which I found to be quite repulsive in such a modern hotel), so the best area is in the restaurant section next to reception. Our rate included their buffet breakfast consisting of fruit, cererals, cheeses, breads, pasties etc... Which I have to say, was very good. If we had to pay for breakfast - I wouldn't as I though for 拢13 or 拢16 (for cooked) it was too expensive. There was also an a la carte breakfast menu should you desire it!One other thing that also upset us a little was becuase we had prepaid prior to arriving, we were told that on arrival we could either leave a credit card or settle any extra when we left. However, on ordering a 拢1.80 newspaper, we were left a rather curt letter in our room saying that we had to contact reception immediately with regard to our credit facilities! We felt like criminals!!!!! On going down to reception we were told it was because we had ordered a paper and hadn't left a credit card! However this totally contradicted what we had been told when we arrived!!!! Anyway, I left my credit card details at reception to avoid looking like a thief.....after all, I didn't want to be seen to *steal* a 拢1.80 newspaper!!!!! Another embarrassing moment! I wonder if business people get treated the same way?So to sum up:The good bits:*Spacious bathroom*Great rubber duck to take home!*Nice toiletries (although they weren't replenished on the 2nd night after I had bagged them!!!!)*Nice breakfast*Airconditioning was effective*Huge comfortable bed with goregous bed linen*The location (opposite a small park area)*Free bottled water in the fridge*Good stash of drinks in room; hot chocolate, coffees, teas*Large TV and DVD/CD player*Close to tubeThe bad bits:*The reception staff weren't the warmest people I have met*I didn't like being sold an upgraded room TWICE!*The carpet needed hoovering BEFORE we arrived! Although room was very clean apart from this!*Being made to feel like a thief/pauper by receptionWould I stay again? Yes, but only for the location and room facilities. I would probably recommend this hotel more to business people as I have no doubt that they would be treated much better than we were by the reception staff.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	2	2	4	5	

<Author>AWaddell
<Content>Frequent return business traveller Having to work away from home in the city is far from ideal and there are few quality hotels within the price range and vicinity of the Apex.The hotel is stylish and well appointed rooms with spacious beds, bathrooms, wide-screen TVs and DVD players make for a comfortable stay.The hotel has a good gym by comparison to other hotels in the area (i.e. More than the usual 3-4 machines).Room service is prompt and food standard is good.The staff are very attentive and professional.To be recommended for the business traveller or tourist.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel Ever!!! I booked a superior king room in January 06 for my boyfriends birthday. When we arrived at the hotel we were upgarded to the deluxe king room because it was his birthday! When we got there the air con wasnt working and after trying to fix it, they then moved us to the best room in the hotel-the junior suite room!!Awesome!. As i have seen 2 types of rooms, i can tell you that they are all very modern with excellent finishing touches (lovely vase's, throws, cushions etc). The bathrooms are very very nice and immacualte and the rubber ducks are sat on my bathroom shelf now!The superior and the junior suite both had lovely views of the Tower Bridge and the hotel itself was clean, modern and trendy. The location was brill as the Friday night was heaving with city types out on the town but come Saturday it was deadly quiet because of being the weekend. Very nice and quiet for London! But the best bit is the price. It is extremely good value for money and i will definitly be returning again soon!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Stayed here for my 30th birthday weekend, booked a standard double, but got upgraded to a deluxe room, very nice indeed. probably the best hotel room i've ever stayed in anywhere in the world. very clean, very quiet, huge bed. front desk staff were very plesent. quite near to Tower hill tube, so travelling to the more lively spots is very easy.recomended.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>IloveLjungberg
<Content>FANTASTIC HOTEL! We only stayed at the Apex form one night but it was the best hotel we have stayed in, in London. It had a lovely clean bathroom, with complimentary toiletries and rubber duck!! There was not a lot of storage but enough for a couple of nights.The bed was really comfortable and there was a full screen widescreen tv and dvd player.Ideally situated for the Tower of London, Jack the Ripper walks and Tower Bridge.Only 5 mins walk from Tower Hill tube station.The only down side is that as you are in the City, at weekends all the pubs and bars are shut but you can also take a 15-20 min tube ride to Piccadilly or Leicester Square!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My new favourite hotel Travelling around on business provides me with the opportunity to stay in different hotels and normally during visits to London, I stay at the Novotel Tower Bridge. On this occasion, I was unable to get booked in, so decided to try the new Apex hotel. I am so glad I did - my check in was was excellent and the receptionist was very polite and courteous. The decor in the common areas of the hotel are immaculate and very modern, whilst providing a warm, welcoming feeling. My room, although a little small was very comfortable and provided all the normal accessories you would expect - but the bonus was a really good hairdryer instead of all those dreadful plastic things you normally get - which the female readers will appreciate! Even when checking out, it was quick and the reception staff were extremely polite, offering assistance with transportation.I would thoroughly recommend this to any business traveller, looking for a relaxed and friendly place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SergK
<Content>Very stylish and excelent service. Very much like it.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mystery121
<Content>Clean tidy and near some good attractions We spent 3 nights at the Apex. The location wasn't quite where we had expected it to be. The reference to 'city' led us to believe we would be quite central, the hotel is in the 'city' but that isn't actually that close to the 'happening areas'. Having said that, the hotel was clean, the breakfasts were nice and the staff were pleasant. Very close to the hotel were the Tower of London and Tower Bridge.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jhwt
<Content>fatal flaws...but otherwise great! We stayed at the 4 star.APEX city on 6th Jan 2006 paying a total of 拢91.65 booked through Apex's own reservation website. This was a leisure treat for a wedding anniversary. We have also stayed several times at the 5 star Grange City near the Apex. We were looking forward to using the health centre but it was closed. We were not advised of this before checking in. No offer was made for us to return and use it another day. Our room was new, modern and well appointed. On sunday morning we were refused breakfast on the grounds that we had not paid for it. We insisted that we had! However, nobody was interested at all. Strangely - the duty staff did not even offer to sell us a breakfast! Extremely slack, poor service and bad business. We left. We have since received a phone call and letter of apology from Apex HQ. Our credit card has been credited with an amount for the breakfast that we had paid for. We have also been offered an upgrade room at our next stay - in the circumstances a full refund would have been appropriate! But this is a scottish company.Things go wrong! But when they do hotels at this level should not assume that the customer is always wrong. One member of staff was particular cool, distant and could not be bothered. At this time we suggest using the Grange depending on price and requirements. We will return to the APEX and see if they have got it write yet! We cannot comment of the breakfast because we never had it! Tower Hill area is very quiet on saturday/sunday with many coffee shops etc. closed. Travelling to this location might require a taxi when the tube is closed. These is a lively pub very near the APEX for food and drink. We slept very well with no disturbance. Once again a lot of money has been spent on the hotel hardware but particular staff have let the hotel down! Jerry  Miki.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>2	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>ajbsh
<Content>First class       Our room  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a must come back Modern, CLEAN and QUIET and that's all that need to be said. I was travelling with two children so it was important for me.There is also ADDENDUM a nice breakfast bar-restaurant within the hotel. Tower of London is a stone throw away. Busses are frequent and can reach the area 24hrs a day (number 15). Not that off the main shopping area if that's what you have in mind. If booked in advance can be relatively excellent on the price/quality ratio.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Just returned from a 2 night weekend break in London staying at the Apex City Hotel to celebrate a wedding anniversary. The hotel is excellent with very comfortable rooms and large walk in showers. The staff were very professional and extremely helpful. We enjoyed an excellent lunch in the Addendum Restaurant and the freshly cooked breakfasts made such a change from the usual buffet style that a lot of hotels seem to provide. The hotel is very close to Tower Bridge Underground and the DLR so very convenient to travel around London. A great stay and will certainly return.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ociene
<Content>Wonderful We stayed here for 2 nights and thoroughly enjoyed it. The staff were incredibly helpful; the concierge helped book a last minute London-Eye flight for us and was so friendly. He even mapped out a walking path along the Thames for us to follow to get there (though his estimation of a 45 minute stroll was significantly less time than it actually took). Definitely go to the concierge for any information though, as the ladies at the desk gave some conflicting information on other tourist activities because they weren't as well informed.The location was wonderful; we crossed the river on the Tower Bridge several times and enjoyed walking along the Thames on the pedestrian path and exploring the pubs along the route. We also did a Jack-the-Ripper walking tour which was very interesting and started conveniently close by at the Tower Hill tube stop.The room was very nice too; spacious enough and pristine. We wished the window had opened for some fresh air, but the AC worked fine. The rubber ducky in the bathroom made a nice keepsake, too :-) The shower didn't get very hot, but was confomfortable nonetheless.Overall for the price, location, and service I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RShimizu
<Content>Apex Rocks! We stayed at the Apex City of London Hotel this May over Memorial Day weekend. The hotel in its entirety is very modern, sleek, and stylish. I was informed that this hotel is only 4 months old; its new-ness is definitely obvious. The rooms are in great condition and there were no issues regarding the cleanliness of the room or the bathroom. Our room was unexpectedly spacious; in addition to a king sized bed, there was a small sitting area with a nice little couch, a flat screen TV, and DVD player. The bathroom amenities were impressive as well; a big bath tub and also a separate shower with good water pressure. There were great touches to the hotel room such as the complimentary rubber duck, periodicals and magazines in the room, bath robes and products, and turn down service. We also ordered late night room service and the food was pretty good.As far as the location, the hotel is within 5 minutes of the Tower Hill tube station, on the District and Circle tube line....very convenient as far as sight seeing through the rest of London. From our room, we could catch a glimpse of Tower Bridge and the Tower of London is right there. The neighborhood is very quiet during the weekend but it seemed safe. Apex is an awesome hotel; definitely recommend it!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>snowolf
<Content>Well worth it. A very nice hotel indeed. The position is excellent if you have business in The City, and the site close to Tower Hill tube (a 3 minute walk) makes it easy to get around if you're a tourist.Be aware though that The City becomes a ghost town at the week-end and the underground is going through some fairly major engineering works at the week-ends at present which can lead to part or full suspensions of the lines. Not that this is the fault of the hotel of course, however, given the proximity of the Tower, it is a popular spot for cabs, so there's no trouble in getting around at all.We got a deal at the last minute from the website of the same name and paid 拢170 for two nights. Superb value. Check in was quick and painless. The room was not huge, it wan't tiny, but you weren't about to lay out a model railway on the floor, but then try finding a large room in any big global city that doesn't cost you a King's ransom. The furniture was spotlessly clean and in excellent order. Very stylish with a modern theme, but not at the expense of comfort. The pillows where a little soft for my liking, but I'm sure if I was really bothered they'd have accommodated me.The bathroom was nicely turned out. The shower head is quite small, but is easy to operate and fairly gushes out a stream of nice water. The complimentary rubber duck is a lovely touch and is now residing in my bath at home.The view from our window was of a office block across the street. However I would say; You're in London! What are you doing in your room staring out the window? Get out there and explore!'Didn't have the breakfast. It wasn't included in the room rate, and seemed fairly pricey. Can't remember how much, but just around the corner is a JD Weatherspoon pub, which opens for breakfast and you can get a nice large full English for substantially less than 拢5.We have friends in Edinburgh we are planning to visit soon, and we will certainly be looking to stay in one of their three hotels in the Scottish capital.A word of advice for any visitors arriving from across the Atlantic, the weekly fire alarm test is at 3pm on a Sunday, so if you've come over on Sunday and have a spot of jet lag, then bear in mind you may be awoken with a start.Would I stay there again? Too right I would.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sameoldg2
<Content>Beautiful Without a doubt this is a beautiful hotel, what my friends and I would call a -- out. I have no substantive complaints, just a few things to note. The hotel is 1.5 blocks from the Tower Hill tube station which is incredibly convenient. However, its not really close to any businesses that are open on the weekends. If you're looking to experience nightlife this is not the place to stay; you're better off on the West End. I also thought it was odd that I couldn't get into the gym with my key; the note on the door said to ask reception but I didn't ever bother to find out what that was about.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect!       bed  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ASO82
<Content>Simply wow! Just got back from staying here and thought I'd write a review straight away. I was very impressed with this hotel from the start.Hotel decor is very modern and attractive, as are the rooms. We had a 'Superior King Room'. The bed was very large and comfortable. Widescreen TV and DVD also. Bathroom was very nice and spacious with a large bath and a large walk-in shower too. As other reviewers have stated, the shower head does look pretty small and doesn't do justice to the size of the shower itself, although it is sufficient. The staff throughout the hotel were extremely plesant and helpful from the moment we checked-in to the moment we left. I had trouble getting the DVD player to work and the man on the phone at reception was helpful in telling me how to sort it out. When that didn't work he said that he'd try and get someone to come and take a look for us. Five minutes later someone knocks on the door! I was impressed, although I had figured out what was wrong - the cable half-out : PThe location is pretty good too. Two minutes walk from the Tower of London and two minutes walk to Tower Hill Station too and bus stops are nearby in case you're out after midnight. Didn't get to sample the restaurant or bar or gym but if they are anything like the rest of the hotel to go by, I imagine them being top notch too. Overall, I would definitely stay here again : - )  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WaltR
<Content>Only downside is price of breakfast We stayed over the Easter weekend and got, what I consider anyway, a very good rate for our stay. The room was a little on the small side and the lighting could perhaps have been a bit brighter but otherwise no complaints. The room was clean and quiet, the walk in shower was a real bonus, the bed comfortable, and the whole hotel exuded peace and quiet, far better than being stuck in the noisy West End. Very convenient for both Tower Hill tube and Fenchurch St station and handy for the start of some of the walking tours nearby. The only gripe was the cost of both English and Continental breakfast although a cooked breakfast is available in the nearby Wetherspoons for 拢1.99!!! Very few people seemed to be having a cooked breakfast and although the Continental breakfast was very nice, 拢12.50 seems a very steep price to pay.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Class!       bathroom  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Doude
<Content>Loved it       The bedroom  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>fogeo
<Content>Classy, boutique hotel We stayed for 5 nights and are VERY picky New Yorkers. The hotel, as I am told, had just opened in November and it appeared as if we were the ONLY guests staying there -- a definate plus! We had a basic room and found it to be very elegantly decorated and furnished. The bathroom was awesome. The gym was pretty basic. The room was VERY clean and comfortable, albeit VERY small. It was very tight for 2 people, but thats London for ya! The only cons: The sheets weren't a very high thread count (and if there were, we were the first people to sleep on them), the pillows weren't very comfortable. The mattress was very firm though and it was a solid bed.The reason to stay at this hotel is for the price, for the quality, and for tranquility. It is located by Tower of London on a small street - about a 3-5 minute walk to the underground. We got a fantastic rate by going on their website. If you get a good rate - DON'T STAY ANYWHERE ELSE. You won't beat it. It was a great stay.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>darkbguru
<Content>Shock and Joy in one Fell Swoop...   showReview(4688793, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GrettaUK
<Content>Apex Hotels nevel disappoint!   showReview(4628359, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jstevenh
<Content>What a great find   showReview(4462713, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JazzyPhatNastie
<Content>Fantastic Hotel at a Fantastic Price   showReview(4461177, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good value at weekend rates   showReview(4417367, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nugenae
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(4358306, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Redbaytraveller
<Content>Brillant ... and great value   showReview(4331980, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FionaSian
<Content>Can recommend   showReview(4313303, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Isabel_Rain
<Content>Great hideaway, will definitely return   showReview(4252621, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Function or form ?   showReview(4231193, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bennybuche
<Content>Excellent s茅jour       Superior King Room's bathroom  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carunchao
<Content>Hotel maravilloso   showReview(22309634, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>webtide
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswetes Hotel f眉r einen Kurztrip nach London   showReview(21057617, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Sol058
<Content>Hotel excelente   showReview(20964363, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>manolette1
<Content>Week end super dans cet h么tel   showReview(20721016, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>coggiacco
<Content>Hotel Bellissimo.   showReview(20715798, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Xavierix
<Content>Me encanto el hotel Apex       Habitaci贸n  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>VerodePau
<Content>Tr茅s bien mais....   showReview(19441720, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Ambiente aber schlechter Service   showReview(18531121, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>superestoya
<Content>Apex Apex       panorama dalla stanza  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>sunny_west_8
<Content>ein wirklich tolles hotel in super lage   showReview(16368266, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>amandine74
<Content>Un must 脿 Londres       Apex City of London, Chambre  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel   showReview(16585071, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Recommended Travellers who like Upper Class Living   showReview(15564501, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>enricoF
<Content>Hotel molto bello, confortevole e pulito   showReview(14536385, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Sonja80
<Content>Superlativo!!!   showReview(14519910, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lucio_rm
<Content>ok ma un p貌 troppo sopravalutato   showReview(12402959, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel mit Top-Design   showReview(13191345, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon Hotel de grand standing   showReview(11310250, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ChristianeAachen
<Content>Sch枚nes modernes Hotel   showReview(10796786, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>immer wieder   showReview(11310249, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jazzMadrid
<Content>Perfecto   showReview(10106994, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pepilou
<Content>excellent hotel   showReview(10029428, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Towern盲he   showReview(11441554, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nettes Hotel   showReview(11413860, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mimi2612
<Content>L'h么tel parfait - service excellent, manger d茅licieux et lits super!   showReview(6045075, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>marcmarc77
<Content>Nothing to complain   showReview(5573438, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

