<Author>SamK4324
<Content>Worth a try I have stayed at the Avalon Hotel a few times over the last year, and I have always been relatively happy with my experience. It's a Best Western, so I wasn't expecting above average service, but I was usually impressed with the staff. The property is nice, but it does have some deficiencies. I got lower rates through Priceline, and I got accommodations I was expecting. I stayed there 2 weeks ago, and found out from the room attendant that the hotel had changed Ownership and Management just that week. During the stay my accommodations were fine, but the service was a bit spotty. The staff was a bit hectic. I will give them another chance the next time I am in New Orleans and see if they keep the level of service I expect, or if I will have to find other accommodations.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	2	3	3	4	4	

<Author>Trippers1908
<Content>Nothing Best about the Best Western Avalon My husband and I as well as our 12 week old twin sons stayed at the Best Western Avalon in New Orleans from October 17, 2008-October 19, 2008 and it was a horrible experience. We had stayed at this hotel numerous times prior to Hurricane Katrina and the hotel was nice and clean. However, the hotel has supposedly been recently renovated since the storm, but it has NOT. The hotel from the second floor up has a very bad musty odor in the hallways and in the guest rooms. The carpet in the rooms are dirty and have not been replaced and do not look like they have been cleaned, the light fixtures and lamps have rust on them, the sheets are dingy and the towels are thin and rough. The air conditioner doesn't get real cold and the unit has an odor that comes out when it first comes on.Do not waste your money on this hotel because it could be hazadous to your health and indeed harzadous to your wallet.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	4	2	3	

<Author>Tcordy
<Content>Loved My Stay My husband and I stay at the Best Western Avalon on I-10 everytime we visit New Orleans. As it turns out has been three times in the last 12 mos. Each time it has been a very pleasant stay,the staff is always very professional yet friendly. Very prompt to address any concerns immediately. The location is perfect off I-10 away from the hustle and bustle of downtown New Orleans which is only 10mins away on I-10. I will continue to book with the Best Western Avalon.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jrr1608
<Content>Not bad, but couldve been better! We arrived on a Wednesday and staying in town until Sunday. That same night, we find out theres a little girls softball team staying and a family reunion taking place in the hotel. We hit the pool, water was clean but the walls around were filthy, they need some major scrubbing. No wireless internet available in the rooms, only the lobby, but they give you a cord to connect your computer for free. The bell guy stalked us (3 women) and even called us at 11 at night to ask if the AC was working (we never called to report a problem). Room was ok, for the most part clean, but once the hotel was at capacity on the weekend, the service turned bad. Housekeeping came on Saturday and just took the garbage and made the beds. They didnt clean or left new towels. Called the front desk and they said they were going to check what happened. Only 2 elevators for 8 floors, and having so much ppl in the hotel, made it an adventure to get to the lobby on time for the small continental breakfast area. Overall, i wouldnt stay here again. The hotel is located in an area still under renovation after hurricane katrina, so it looks desolated and feels like a ghost town. Next time, we will save our money and stay somewhere closer to downtown.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	1	

<Author>KYBetsy
<Content>Not the greatest. I just spent two nights at the Avalon. I stayed there as part of a group that was performing in New Orleans and all our travel arrangements were taken care of by the group director. The hotel was not horrible, but I would not recommend it. It has supposedly been completely renovated since Katrina, however, I question how thorough and how well done the renovation was. Everything looks ok to the eye...the lobby is attractive, the rooms don't look bad...but there is a horrible musty smell throughout the building and in just about every room that our group used. The humidity level in the hotel was so high that the sheets and towels felt damp and after a day or so, our clothes in our suitcases began to feel damp, as well. Other, less serious complaints would include the thin towels, ripped sheets, and lack of real hot water. I felt bad for the hotel, because they seemed short of staff and I hate to write a negative review, because I saw how badly this side of New Orleans is struggling. However, those of us in the group with allergies were not feeling too well after the second night, which makes me think the building may have some mold issues.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>tkdnomad
<Content>Acceptable for a night or two My spouse and I stayed here the first weekend in April. The hotel is well located for highway access to the city; however there is a lot of rebuilding in the area. There was ample free parking, but we didn’t know quite what to expect, as there was a guard posted at the entrance to the lot.Since there is a lot of construction in the area, many of the workers stay in the hotel.The web site boasts that the hotel is newly renovated, but that didn’t seem to be the case for our room. Although it was clean enough, it smelled very musty. I don’t know if other rooms smell musty or if it was just ours; since we were only staying for one night, we couldn’t be bothered to ask for a different room. The furnishings were adequate but the television reception wasn’t great. The bathroom could have been cleaner but wasn’t exactly dirty, either. The towels were rather threadbare and flimsy, and the hot water wasn’t very hot. We didn’t have to worry about scalding ourselves.Continental breakfast included a few varieties of cereal, some bland cinnamon rolls, toast and juice. The coffee was a chicory blend, so we passed on that.We didn’t use the pool but it looked okay, some people were swimming.Note that if credit card billing is an issue, the amount is billed prior to checkout so if you want to pay by an alternate method, it’s too late. When I checked in, I had stated that I didn’t want to pay with that card, but they charged it anyway. Upon check out, the clerk apologized and offered to reverse the charge.The hotel wasn’t terrible by any means but we’d probably stay in town if we visited the area again.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dannyboyIndianapolis
<Content>Disappointing We stayed here 3 nights in late March. We didn't expect perfection given the price but the bare bones breakfast, the many cleanliness issues and the lack of basic repairs (that didn't appear to have anything to do with Katrina damage) left us very disappointed . The first night we also found one of the blankets with a huge rip. The next morning we set it aside so it would be noticed and replaced. Instead of replacing it, it was rolled up and stuffed in the chair. When I took the blanket down to the desk I was promised that it would be replaced that night if possible but at least by the following day. The following day the bed was simply made up again without a blanket and as an added bonus we were left no wash clothes. Upon our departure I filled out the guest comment card making note of our disappointment at these issues. Upon returning home I got a letter from the managing partner stating be assured that we will communicate your appreciation to our entire staff.  I'm not sure if that was meant to be sarcastic or if I simply got the standard form letter. I was disappointed when I left the hotel. Now I'm angry as well.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>doclob
<Content>Customer Service Booked this trip and reservation online and had to modify the reservation upon arrival at the hotel. While the modification was not taken care of at the time of departure and was very minor in nature, I completed a customer survey after returning from this trip and to my surprise, my credit card was credited with the change in the reservation status. In this day of mediocre service in most places, I found the staff at the Best Western Avalon Hotel and Conference Center to be most refreshing and professional. The general manager contacted me personally to assure me that things would be corrected and they were.I find it most unusual today to find friendly, professional and courteous personnel with which to conduct business. This is simply not the case here. I would suggest a stay at this hotel when traveling to the New Orleans area as the staff will make the location a very pleasant visit.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>scotman1
<Content>Superior experience Had a wonder full experience. Stayed with my 7 year old. The room was spacious, and the beds were very comfortable. The restaurant is under construction and we look forward to that experience. Plenty of towels and hot water. The entire building is non smoking, and that was most refreshing. It was too cold to swim, but the pool looked very nice. The staff was very polite and helpful, and the nightly rate was very affordable. Also, the room was very quiet.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ias731
<Content>Would Not Stay Here Again I just stayed in the hotel as part of a youth group for the AAU Junior Olympic games. Although we reserved the hotel almost a year in advance, disclosed we were a youth group, they did not seem able to accommodate children in the hotel. There were other groups in the hotel which caused the hotel to be full to capacity and this may have been the problem. I heard so many complaints from the staff, while waiting for the elevator or passing the front desk, that I did not feel welcomed at all. How does a hotel which says they are child friendly and use to handling groups not have adequate staff on hand to accommodate the cleaning of rooms, continental breakfast, check-in, etc.Some of our rooms were cancelled although we called to tell them some people would be late because of a missed connection. The rooms were worn, carpet stained, mirrors broken, bed sagging, tub chipping, etc. The rate wasn't bad, $69.00 a night, but I would definitely pay the extra $20 a night to stay somewhere else. I may have been able to handle all of the cosmetic flaws IF the staff had been pleasant, which was not the case. If you want a pleasant stay, do yourself a favor and stay at another hotel.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>arch1591
<Content>Fine for the price We stayed here two nights to go to Six Flags. The hotel is nicely decorated and clean. The parking is free if you can find a space. We had to park sometimes out back in an unlit area. The pool was always very crowded and my husband found a condom wrapper near it when he took our kids to swim. The breakfast was small but adequate and there was plenty of seating. I ordered room service our last night there and never received it. The beds were comfortable and the rooms were fairly clean except for a large stain on the carpet. We had plenty of towels, which is always good, and our rooms were cleaned promptly every day. We only paid $45 a night so I can't really complain too much. We were also upgraded to a room with microwave and fridge which was nice with 3 small kids. So overall I would have to recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Stay Here Again! We went on a mini vacation with our kids. We picked the Avalon because of its location and price. Our room was 59 per night, with fridge and microwave. It included free shuttle, free high speed internet, and continental breakfast. The hotel lobby was very clean and well decorated. Hotel staff was top notch- helpful and nice. Our room was on the 5th floor, and was in excellent condition. It was well cleaned every day as well. The kids used the pool several times and it was clean and large. We also had the breakfast daily, and though it was not a large breakfast it was what I expected for a continental breakfast. There was a pizza place next door that had Laser Tag and Games that the kids loved. And there was a mall across the street. Another plus- parking was free which is rare in New Orleans (last time we stayed in the city we payed 20 a day for parking at our hotel). There were no hidden charges on our room and check-in - check-out was a breeze. I would definetly stay here again. We had a great vacation thanks to the Avalon hotel.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One locals opinion I am one of the thousands of New Orleans residents who lost power during tropical storm Cindy. Because at home we did not have any lights, T.V., or computer, and the fact that it was too hot to sleep my wife and I decided to stay at a local hotel. The hotel we ended up at was the Avalon Hotel. What a wonderful experience we had during our short visit. We arrived at 11pm and found the hotel to be beautifully decorated and well maintained. Even though the front desk was very busy they were efficient and friendly. We were checked in and on our way to our room in no time. Our room was a special treat, it too was well decorated and perfectly kept. The big king bed was very comfortable, the pillows were soft and fluffy, and the air conditioning worked wonders. We slept like a king and a queen in a palace. The next morning my wake up call came right on time and we were up and getting ready to start our day. We did not have time to swim but this hotel does have a nice big swimming pool out back along with plenty of free parking. As we headed out the lobby to go to our car a very friendly lady approached us. She identified herself as Cindy, not the tropical storm, but the General Manager. She wanted to tell us good morning and make sure that we had a pleasant stay. This hotel was wonderful and I would hope to find more hotels such as this as I travel on vacations in the future.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mjc-5
<Content>Glad I stayed only one night! Stayed here for one night on our trip back to Texas. Thought it would be nice to visit New Orleans for a night. The place looks okay from the outside but once we got to our room it didn't. The room smelled musty, the fridge had rust all along the hinge, furniture all banged up, carpet looked like they hadn't swept, the tub was full of grime, mold on the ceiling, wife wasn't too happy with the place but I told her it was just for the night, not a week. We were on the 5th floor and the down button for elavator didn't work so had to take the stairs down to the 4th floor to get elavator down. Breakfast didn't have to much to offer compared to other places I've stayed at, all they had were muffins, cereal, bread for toast, milk, juice and coffee. Go some where else if you want a little bit more for breakfast. Good thing we only paid $71 to stay at this place.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Advisortip
<Content>What you paid is what you get We travel with our 2 kids (2  4), and got upgraded to the Executive floor, BUT, it is not as exec as it sounds. Cleanliness: Size of the room is Ok, but the carpet has stains and look dirty; the heater/air conditioner has dust (tons) on it and never been cleaned for years I guess. We stayed there 5 days, and saw the dust accumulating on the TV stands and have to clean it ourselves cuzz cannot hold on to it. Breakfast: is also very medium, no fruits, only cereals, toast and muffins. Staff: Kelly, she is wonderful, the light during our stay, friendly, helpful, efficient. She is just wonderful!!!If you got the guy, well, good luck. Location: not bad at all, 15 mns from French Qtr, 5 mns from Walmart so you have everything. Restaurant is nearby, try IHOP, good price for families. Overall, for a very very reasonble price (esp. during the JAzz Fest while all hotels are $200 up), it is a good choice, but if you are going during low season while other hotels offer similar competitive price, then you may really consider if you care for cleanliness, and for a long stay, buy fruits and eat in your room, don't expect much from the breakfast.  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Deal...Great Hotel! We stayed at the Best Western Avalon from March 19, 2005 - March 23, 2005. This hotel is located in New Orleans east and is about a 10 minute interstate ride to downtown and the French Quarter.The rooms were in excellent condition and the decor was nice. The staff at the hotel was helpful and very kind, from the front desk to housekeeping. Our room was always kept clean and we always had more towels than we needed. There is a swimming pool at the hotel as well as an exercise room that we did not use, but passed by. There is also a resturant that offers room service as well as a daily continental breakfast.This was our second stay here and we will be back every time. I highly suggest booking through the Avalon hotels website for the best deal!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jeanmu
<Content>Did not love this hotel. This hotel is 10 miles out from anywhere. The literature touts it's having a free shuttle to the French Quarter. They neglected to mention it only goes 4-5 times a day, you need to reserve it by 7 am and it only holds 14 people. This hotel has 175 rooms so you can see the problem here. We had to use taxis over a 3 day period that cost us an additional $75. Also the shower had only tepid water the whole time. The restaurant, which is the only place to eat besides Popeye's and a McDonald's which was a substantial distance away. was slow - 1 1/2 hours to get breakfast. While the staff was nice and the rooms fairly decent, I would never stay here again. The flaws were too much.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you have other options, let this be 3rd to last resort! I visited New Orleans and decided to stay at the Avalon.1) Renovated? - paint chips on the door, dirty hallways - probably 10 years old. Hotel description leads one to think this a new establishment.2) Towels- used and very thin (rag-like)3) Linens- hotel does not use bed mattress cover, simply a sheet to cover mattress4) Breakfast- bagels and powdered donuts - juices served in plastic (scratched) clear pitchers5) Restaurant on site- Looked in kitchen window while waiting in line for breakfast (one of the kitchen workers) was dancing and eating in the kitchen6) Elevator- to push button to go to another floor may take 3 attemptsIf you want a place just to sleep for a night, this is okay. If you want to enjoy the hotel premise and room/suite try another hotel. I tried to be as general as possible and not degrade the establishment. Recommendation: Don't spend more than $50/night- ok at best.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fair at Best This place is OK if you're not a stickler for cleanliness. The room was musty, the sheets were worn and I actually found a piece of gum stuck inside one of the supposedly clean towels. The ac/heating unit was full of dust and cigarettes ashes and the windows don't actually open so it was quite stuffy. I went out a bought a candle and a can of Lysol and sprayed down the room. Location is OK if you have a rental car but pretty far out to rely on the shuttle. All in all I wasn't happy with the hotel, but it wasn't so bad that I felt the need to find another place. I still managed to have a great weekend in New Orleans.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ronip
<Content>Dirty and Congested We checked in at 10:00 p.m. and had to wait while rooms were cleaned. After a problem with the vacuum that caused the room to smell horribly of burned rubber, we were moved and finally got a room arount 11:30 p.m. The rooms were so dirty and unkept that we checked out early the next morning to move to another hotel. The entire hotel property was congested and unkept and in desperate need of attention. We explained why we were leaving early and only received an apology with no offer for corrective action.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the price The place was great for the price. Not far from attractions. This hotel was pretty much in the center of everything. Did not get to use any of the services such as the van or resturant. I was there for three days, so if you are going to be in and out alot, a great place to sleep.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Anthony_Hame
<Content>Enjoyed my stay at the Best Western Avalon Had a very pleasant experience; the most outstanding feature of this hotel is its friendly and professional staff. The front desk personnel were very knowledgeable and helpful with giving directions to the nearby sights. The shuttle driver gave a free guided tour of the city as he explained the history of New Orleans and the French Quarter as we drove into the city from the hotel. Housekeeping staff were also very polite. I enjoyed my swim in the pool. I can't really complain about the free breakfast; after all, it's free and I'm thankful for it. At least I didn't go hungry...  
<Date>May 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PAHasher13
<Content>wouldn't stay here again Short and not-so-sweet: The room smelled moldy and musty. The 2 elevators took FOREVER and there was no available stairwell to use that wasn't an emergency exit. There were no service elevators so we had to share with the employees, who always seemed to have huge carts filling the elevator space. The housekeepers came to our room at 9AM wanting to clean it, we weren't ready, and they never came back so our room wasn't cleaned. A guy walked thru the lobby Sunday morning talking in a loud voice about the fact that he may have gonorrhea. This was a $60 (or less) a night hotel that we had to pay $119 plus tax a night for. The location was very industrial and not overly close to the main part of New Orleans. But, on a more positive note, I will admit that the staff were very friendly. Nevertheless, we still won't stay there again.  
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad for out of the Quarter A friend and I, both college aged, stayed at this hotel for 6 nights. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were large and the prices were outstanding. The shuttle was nice, but we had to get up at 7 AM and stand in line just to reserve it. That was minor, so we did it anyway. The only problem with this hotel is the location away from the center of New Orleans, but for the price and the other perks we didn't mind. It is highly recommended for those on a budget or those who don't mind a drive.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Grotshops
<Content>Good value for the rate Got a $49 internet rate and was very pleased with the value at this price. Rooms were clean, quiet and comfortable, and parking was free. They advertise free shuttle service to the French Quarter, which is provided but runs infrequently and is often fully booked early in the day. Long lines for continental breakfast and a tiny sitting area were other minor inconveniences.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Western Avalon above standards My family stayed at the Best Western Avalon and we were very pleased with the service and the hotel. It was beautiful and the people were very courteous and friendly.. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked it a lot! Really nice hotel for the price. The staff was extremely friendly, the room was a nice size and clean and the pool was wonderful! The staff cleaned the room promptly and there were no hidden charges on the bill. Locals calls were free. We have two kids and they loved the hotel. The continental breakfast is adequate, the shuttle was useful but if you want to spend a lot of time in the French Quarter you'll need a car or you'll have to pay steep cab fare. We would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed it! We stayed at the Best Western-Avalon. The shuttle was nice, however, there were very few places to eat nearby. The staff was nice. The first night there was a corvette convention so it was rather loud but quietened by midnight. We were not impressed with Bourbon Street. It was loud and dirty. We were satisfied overall with the city and are glad we went. It is not some place we would travel to again however.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

