<Author>seanlall
<Content>Paid for Parking!?? The Hotel is almost right next doors to LA International Airport (LAX) with a free shuttle and that is why we chose it. We were flabbergasted that we had to pay for parking. About $12 for Self Parking which is about 3-4 minutes away from the front or $24 for Valet Parking. Never paid for parking while staying at any hotel before. Wish we were informed in advance. Room was ok. Had to pay for internet. Front Desk was mostly indifferent, but not rude. Elevators were very slow but are being renovated. Would not recommend other than proximity and convenience for the airport.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>ladybeetle
<Content>Sheraton Gateway LAX Stayed four nights on business/pleasure in Dec. Weekend rates were great...$109/night. They ended up giving me those rates during the week too. Probably because the pool was down and they were rennovating a set of elevators so had to use service elevators...not becoming of a 4 star hotel.They do have a 4 star restaurant...Shula's. Not quite kid friendly or budget friendly but the wait staff was great to look at!They had a breakfast/lunch restaurant on premisis but did not frequent.Requested and got a room close to elevators which is always nice at a hotel this size. Saved my walking for what really counted...Hollywood!Nice clean place, helpful staff. Great for the money! Their shuttle was very timely both to and from airport. Parking expensive and a few blocks from hotel so I just rented a car for one day and returned it that night...to a nearby Enterprise location that is very near this hotel. The Enterprise shuttle actually dropped me off at the hotel because they went past it, which saved me shuttle time from the airport.Probably wouldn't have stayed at this place if the business portion of the trip wasn't held there. I really wanted to stay at Eco Lodge because I heard there were more restaurants over there plus I could get a smoking room, but this worked out.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>peanut118
<Content>Great for the price, make sure to get it cheap We booked our room through priceline for $60 a night on priceline, had I paid more I would have been disapointed but for that price it was worth saving the extra money in these tough times. Valet parking was $25 but well worth it if you are going to be in and out a bunch. The rooms were older and we had to move rooms due to the heat not working and the sink being clogged in our first room. In the second room everything worked fine but the shower seemed to have mildew or soap scum in both rooms. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and that alone with the starbucks in the lobby were the highlights of this hotel. If you are looking for someplace cheap to crash for the night, this place is it, if you are looking for more I would stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>stephdunne
<Content>Convenient for overnight lay-over at LAX We stayed at this hotel during a lay-over from Seattle to Puerto Vallarta. We landed in LAX at 11:00p and caught the hotel's shuttle to the hotel. The hotel's shuttle automatically runs outside the baggage claim areas every 15 minutes 24 hours per day, so need to call anyone to get picked up. The ride to the hotel is about 5 minutes, so super convenient especially when arriving late or leaving early. We didn't try any of the hotel services since we arrived so late and left so early. The room was comfortable, as expected at a Sheraton. There is a Starbuck's in the lobby of the hotel, which is also convenient for an early morning start.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>ARII
<Content>Mixed feelings It is not the first time I have stayed there. I am a Starwood Preferred Guest. Sheraton is normally synonymous with quality and comfort. Still, I was disappointed this time with my overnight stay. Half of the elevators did not work and the room clearly needed upgrading and refurbishing.More, the buffet breakfast is not up to one's expectations.Compared to other hotels of the same category in the vicinity,- the Westin in particular-the Sheraton Gateway has obviously lost part of its gloss and therefore become too expensive for what it actually offers.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>mawwit
<Content>Best Airport Hotel Bar None This is the BEST airport hotel property I have ever stayed at. There is almost nothing to do around LAX, very few restaurants, bars, fun things to do. So if you have to be there for a nite before you leave town, this is the best hotel to stay at. By far!The vibe feels almost European, maybe b/c several of the front desk people are, maybe because of the very sleek feeling of the hotel. I feel more like I am in the downtown of a fun city than at an airport area with nothing going on.Front desk is always helpful, and the lobby is always abuzz. Always, and in a good way. There are some very hip, cool chairs in the lobby bar area, and they are always full. The rooms are nicely updated. Try and get a room where you are facing the runways. It is pretty cool. By the way there are often very good prices at this location. Do not bother with staying at the Westin, which often is a more upscale Starwood brand. This is a MUCH better overall hotel.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jayjazz
<Content>Not the greatest experience I was there over the weekend for a conference for my job. Had I payed my own money, I would have been very disappointed. For starters there was very little hot water in the morning. So having to get up to a cold shower every morning was not that pleasant. Next, the public elevators were not working so you had to ride the service elevators with the employees. Also the service elevators were only running one at a time; so most of the time you were waiting anywhere from 3-5 minutes to get on an elevator that wasn't packed with patrons as well as employees. That was very uncomfortable considering that there were sometimes where I had to ride the elevator with the wait staff who had just cleared off tables of dirty dishes or the cleaning staff who had loads of soiled linens; not cool. Furthermore, the bathroom in my room was extemely small. If I was there with my wife and child we would have had a hard time making it work. The rooms are not family friendly at all, and the bathtub was pealing. However,the beds and pillows were great, they were the best things about the room itself. The cleaning staff was exellent as well as the wait staff when we had our meals. I like the access that the hotel gives you to the Trolley so that you can go down to Manhattan Beach. Also, the Los Angeles by Night tour was awesome!!!!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jasonw8
<Content>Los Angeles by Night I stayed for three nights over the weekend for a conference. Had my company not paid for the room, I would have had major issues. It was also my first trip to LA so the excitement allowed me to overlook some inconveniences.First, I would avoid this hotel until the elevators are updated. The main elevators are not working and the hotel suggests the service elevators. So we rode for four days with the soiled linen cart and the guy who cleans up after room service. Sloooooow elevators. Next, the room did not have hot water in the mornings. Hot was not a problem in the evening, but the early morning hours produced room temperature at best. The bathrooms should certainly be updated. On a positive note, the housekeeping and hotel wait staff were outstanding. Concierge were invaluable. Make sure you take the LA by Night tour. The concierge will book you for $55. They'll pick you up/drop you off at the hotel. If possible, go on a Sunday evening, as the traffic is almost non-existent.Also, take the $3 trolley from the hotel to Manhattan Beach. Awesome. Eat fish tacos at WAHOOS.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	5	5	2	

<Author>grothman
<Content>decent hotel near airport So its right next to the airport so you can hear the planes obviously. I'm not quite sure how to describe the style of the hotel..its like it was on the cutting edge in the early 90s and the decorating is still ok but some things have fallen into disrepair like the textured wallpaper in the bathroom etc. It was a good change though from a traditional boring looking room. Valet parking was quick...i think it was $25/night for me. didn't eat there but i noticed they had a nice open bar. If you have to return a rental car, there are plenty of places nearby to fillup gas. Leaving the hotel you can't just take a left, you have to go down the street and somehow figure out how to turn around...i never found a place so i had to go through the airport to get back to century blvd going the opposite way..still it only took me 5 mins to get to Hertz. I would stay there again but i'd prefer a new or newly renovated property first.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scottca075
<Content>Convenient Airport Hotel The Sheraton Park n' Fly is the reason I stay here (LAX Marriott has the same program), that and my SPG points. I like the hotel, it is convenient for the airport, the pool is nice and Shula's is good, but overpriced. The rooms are nice and the beds comfortable and they have good business services.All good so far.The negatives are the parking and the elevators. You HAVE to valet unless you want a half mile walk for self parking. The elevators have been messed up for a while now. They are so bad you have to use the staff elevators more often than not and it has been this way for a while.Will I stay here again? Yes. It has some good positives. It is a great hotel for someone looking for an overnight stay or maybe two days. If you have to been in L.A. more than two days there are a lot better places to stay and better locations.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Nieblax
<Content>Red Light Hotel We stayed twice within 2 weeks at this hotel and had 2 complete different experience. We book thru hotwire and paid $99 taxes in. The rooms were clean and the location is great for people coming in and out of the airport. There is also a trolley that can take you to Manhanttan Beach or some shopping malls for $3 round trip. Pretty decent. Our first experience was decent, professional staff, clean rooms.. However, our second experience.. What a nightmare. They had a covention of Rough Riders Bikers. They almost fill the entire hotel. People were yelling and partying all night.. Apparently, we were the only one on our floor not invited to the party. People knocked on our door ALL night (litterally we had to get up at 4:30 am to catch our flight and there were 4 people sitting in the hallway envoying another drink next to our room door.) We should have thought it would turned out this way when we saw police cars parked in front of the hotel when we checked in.. When we checked out, there was only 1 employee in the lobby and clearly he looked at uncomfortable as us... We saw prostitute in the lobby (it was not hidden - remember - we were intrudes into their convention), people driking from their Vodka bottles... Really, we could not get our of there fast enough... BEWARE... If that is the kind of group they want to rent their hotel too... They should let other customers know uo front what is to be expected for the week... The poor clerk at the lobby wanted to leave with us.. NOTHING in this hotel was under control.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ozitravlr
<Content>OK for a transit stop Hotel is showing its age, which is why reviews are mixed. Our room was OK, clean - though seemed a bit musty. The usual comfy Sheraton bed, important in a transit stop. Quiet, curtains darkened the room effectively. A/C not very efficient. Limited toiletries supplied, nice orange fragrance though. No safe. Usual coffeemaker, ironing board. Slow elevators, cigarette smell in corridors. Pool looked pleasant. Limited restaurant options on site. We ate at Shula's which was average - very slow service, waiter forgot part of our order, my beef tips sandwich was cold (but my husband liked his steak). Left early so cannot comment on breakfast options. Wouldn't stay here for sightseeing, but does the job for a transit stop.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	-1	3	

<Author>Pinaki
<Content>Great Value We stayed at this hotel for one night. It is close to the airport and easy to find. The room was excellent value for less than $100 with a large comfortable room. Staff were freindly and very efficient. We would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NeverUnpacked
<Content>Convenient Spot Based on previous reviews I made a mental checklist on things to look for:Isolated location? I didn't see any convenient places within walking distance. If you're going elsewhere to eat, be prepared to drive or make a substantial walk. It also seems like there are no other people around unless they're in their cars. Parking ? Yes, $13 out back, $24 valet. Thanks for the warning. I can understand why someone might be uncomfortable walking from the back lot (see above). I felt okay, but I'm sure my wife would have reservations if she were alone.Staff? Check in and out was quick and convenient, the front desk staff I dealt with was friendly and informative and even the cleaning people acknowledged us and were friendly.Elevator problems? We didn't have any problems, but we were amused at the warning signs and the printed explanation in the hotel information packet. Yes, it's a long term problem.Chipped bathtub? Sure, there they are. It didn't affect the operation, but with the repairs and old tiles, it almost felt like you stepped into a different level of room to shower.Hair in the drain? None, but I have a headful of my own, if needed. The bathroom, as well as the rest of the room, was very clean.The location was convenient for us because it was just a few blocks from the rental car center and our plans to explore the coast to the north of town (Santa Barbara) as well as south (Orange Coast). We had a late arrival and early departure, so being near the airport helped with time. We got back fairly late one night and had appetizers in Shula's, which were very good. Also, our package included the breakfast buffet. Since it was included, I forgot to note the price, but we were very pleased with the quality, selection and attention of the staff.The pool area was very nice and there were families using it most of the time that we were there. I didn't have a chance to check out the exercise facility. We were pleased with our experience as everything went off without a glitch. Based on this stay and, for a reasonable price, we'd stay here again and not discourage anyone from trying it.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mjmjdb
<Content>Solid Sheraton I stayed at this hotel out of convenience for a work trip (and because I'm a SPG member). I travel quite a bit and stay in mostly Ws and an occasional Westin or Sheraton. It's completely on par with other Sheratons I've stayed at in the past...everything pretty standard, clean, decent service, etc. It's also FAR better than most airport hotels (I normally won't stay in airport hotels as they tend to be yucky) The pool area is nice with a decent sized pool and nice furniture (like you'd normally find in a resort-type hotel). Check in was quick and friendly. My room (an executive suite) was large, nice and clean...it faced the street/runway and contrary to some of the other reviews, you could barely hear a thing. I ordered room service for dinner and was pleasantly surprised by the quality.To those knocking this place (or to those wondering if you should stay here), please remember that it is (a) a Sheraton, so you should know what to expect (b) an airport hotel, and (c) very reasonably priced for what you're getting...and you generally get what you pay for. If you want luxury resort/Ritz type experience (which by some of the reviews is what I assume people honestly expected by their commentary), pay the money and stay at the Ritz.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wellingtonian
<Content>Not impressed i got a good rate on priceline which was just as well because the rack rate would have been extortionate for the state of the bathroom and services. The bathroom was dirty; far more water came out of the tap than out of the showerhead on the shower setting; the water did not drain from the tub. Yuk. The pinstripe dark decor is depressing. The pool was nice early in the morning but in the afternoon there was a corporate function going on and since it's a small pool area it wasn't really inviting for an informal swim. Most of the lifts didn't work -- it took about 15 minutes to get down. The concierge sighed when I wanted to buy a stamp. The room service food was, as expected, overpriced and ridiculously salty. I wouldn't stay again.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	4	-1	-1	

<Author>ILoveTheSun2008
<Content>Mixed Experience We got a good deal through Hotwire. Very nice hotel - nice rooms, good breakfast, decent outdoor pool, handy for airport. We did however encounter a few problems 1) the free shuttle bus from the airport dropped us at the far end of the airport parking lot - a few minutes walk from the lobby - with 2 young children and 4 large cases this was not a good start! 2) the room we were assigned had not been serviced - beds not made, plate of food thrown across the floor, dirty bathroom - you get the picture. 3) Elevators slow, as some of them were out of order so getting back to reception after getting the unserviced room took a while 4) - and this was my biggest problem - the attitude of the front desk staff when reporting the unserviced bedroom - not a word of apology and no manners. Don't get me wrong - we enjoyed our stay and feel that we were just unlucky with the room, but I feel the front desk staff let the hotel down - I would have been very disappointed if we had paid the full rate.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	1	3	3	

<Author>heiranig
<Content>Convenient to LAX Perfect hotel near LAX. It's reasonably priced (through Hotwire), comfortable, clean and most of all convenient with a 24hr shuttle running every 15-20mn to/from LAX. Would stay there anytime we need to catch a plane  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>14clubs
<Content>Great stay We stayed the last night before flying home because we wanted to be close to airport to avoid any potential traffic problems getting to the airport on time. The price at Hotwire was amazing. Even after paying for valet parking, it was still cheaper than going even slightly further away for a Courtyard, Embassy, etc. Not sure what's up with the elevator problem. They have a laminated sign by the elevator banks apologizing and offering the service elevators as alternates. This sounds like a near permanent issue vs a slight fix. Didn't cause us any issues. Room was very nice on the 11th floor. Airport noise was not like being at the end of the runway with your windows open. Subtle and you almost had to be listening for it. Did not interfere with conversation, TV, and most importantly, sleep. Friendly efficient staff. In room coffee was single cup Starbucks. If you have two people and both drink regular, check to see what you have. We had one regular, one decaf.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	1	

<Author>CharlesMA
<Content>Not what I have come to expect from a "Sheraton" This hotel is not quite up to the standards of what I would expect from a Sheraton Hotel. Lobby was open and spacious, but elevators were not working properly. Room had old furniture, mildew in the bathtub, and the tub did not drain properly (constantly stood in ankle-deep water during a shower). Close proximity to LAX is only plus. For $185 per night + tax at the AAA rate, I will look for another hotel in the future. Probably rate this a 2.5 star hotel.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>GojyoChan
<Content>Mixed Experience at Sheraton Gateway LAX First let me say, for the price I paid via Hotwire.com, this was an excellent deal! For the level of hotel, the price was hard to beat. Also, the decor of the hotel fits my personal style and so I loved the feel of the place. The bar was awesome and Shula's 347 restaurant inside the hotel was amazing (pricey, but amazing)! The beds are super comfy and the pool area was very nice too, the location was great since our vacation had us traveling all over the LA area. That being said there are some definite problems with this hotel, in fact, if I was someone who could afford their normal room rates, I would absolutely think this hotel was the pits! First, there is NO FREE PARKING whatsoever. That's pretty normal for Los Angeles but the Valet at the Sheraton is the biggest rip off I've ever heard of in my entire life! It's around $25.00 if you valet over 15 minutes!!!! If you elect to self park, it's $13.20 per night. Make sure you add that on top of your room rate when budgeting your vacation. The hotel messed up my bill which added insult to injury, they failed to charge me for my hotel bar tab but then charged me for a week of valet parking I didn't use. When I tried to fix the issue and was honest about not being charged for the bar tab, they blamed me and I had to deal with three different people to get it fixed. The bathrooms are a bit scuzzy considering the rest of the hotel and the TV's need to be updated. Also, it appears they have been having elevator issues for a long time now with only 2 of the 6 working so you have to take the service elevator. The brasserie for breakfast is overpriced and the service is super slow, I was shocked how bad it was in comparison to Shula's the night before. I recommend avoiding a handicapped accessable room as well. I would probably stay here again but It would have to be an even better deal than the one I got. It left our vacation on a sour note due to the billing issues and the price gouging parking issues. Just be prepared for what you're getting into.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>eric2321
<Content>Very Good Airport Hotel This is a very good airport hotel. There are 3 negative issues that are consistently mentioned in reviews here. Everything else seems random and subject to personal preferences. 1. ELEVATORS: are a real problem. Consistently did not stop at the 12th floor to pick me up on the way down. Had to get on any elevator that was heading up since it would not stop again on the way down. Very long waits at times. Housekeeping staff kindly let us use their elevator a couple times.2. PARKING: $24 for valet, $12 for self-park. Self-park lot is behind the hotel across the street. This is a 5-10 minute walk in relative dark at night. Shuttle to parking lot is inconsistent. Can park on street behind hotel but you might get a ticket during day.3. INTERNET FEES: $10.95 per day. True that internet is free in the lobby area (which is quite large). Otherwise, the hotel is fine. Beds are comfortable and room was clean. I can't figure out how anyone can stay at an airport hotel and then complain about hearing airplanes?! Bring earplugs or noise machine. Color scheme? Yes, kind of dark but this shouldn't ruin your stay! Long check-in line? I checked in very quickly. I noticed going through the lobby that there usually was no waiting at the desk, but a couple of times there was a line; that seems normal to me. This hotel is about as close as you can get to the airport. Would stay there again but would check to see if there is improvement with the elevators first.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Metanoia
<Content>Definitely not a 4-star. 3 stars is pushing it. Overall, this was not a 4-star hotel as reported by Hotwire.com. First, when you walk in, you just feel like there's just something WRONG with this hotel. The lobby was dark, uninviting, and had uncomfortable furniture all around with bad loungy techno music playing. The hallways leading the rooms didn't match the motif of the lobby and rooms, which was definitely jarring. The rooms were small, the bathrooms were old and the tub was cracking and peeling, and the tiles were moldy. Water was not complimentary (as it should be for a 4-star) and the in-room coffee was horrid (Maxwell House!). The elevators weren't working either, 3 of 5 main elevators were out of service and we had to ride the service elevators along with the dirty linens and room service leftovers. Some guests even reported up to 30-minute wait times for the main elevators, as only some of the staff were notifying people about the elevator problem. Obviously, the hotel knew about the problem as there was a letter in the service elevator apologizing for the inconvenience. I would definitely not stay at this hotel again for what I paid for it.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CSwan
<Content>Sheraton does good at LAX It's a good hotel. Period. I don't critique the front desk, bell-hops, porters, valet etc. at hotels because I typically don't interact with them for more than a few minutes during my entire stay so I don't let them affect my review of the room. If they go above and beyond, then I usually make a note to say something (to them and in these reviews). My reviews usually deal with the nuts and bolts. The Gateway is what you would expect a large chain hotel near a major airport to be - busy. The lobby has been re-modeled with mod furniture and is a comfortable place to lounge/work/meet for drinks. And, do not fear, it has it's own Starbucks. The rooms are for the most part spacious but the bath rooms are a little small. Speaking of the bathrooms, mine (on the 14th floor) could use a little updating and a new tub (it had some missing paint), however, I'm only in there to shower and get moving, so it didn't really bother me. Back to the rooms - comfortable bed, good work desk, average t.v. (it's 2008, let's make with the flat screen already!). I couldn't tell you about wi-fi costs or speed as I have my own card. And I sure can't tell you about eating at the hotel, because I have a car and there are plenty of decent places to eat within a 5 mile radius. The hotel is close to a CPK and their in house choices are Shula's Steakhouse - think Ruth Chris - and The Brasserie (continental?). Don't forget, I mentioned the on-premise Starbucks. If you book this room through priceline, you're getting a steal, if you book it through Sheraton for $250 or under you should be happy (higher tier chain in a large city) and you better be a SPG member so you can get the points. One last reminder - this hotel is basically at the airport and situated close to the north side runway so you will hear planes taking off and landing day and night. It's not too noisy, but you can hear them. Earplugs can easily solve the noise situation.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>BruceSydney_Aust
<Content>Beware of Animal Friendly Hotels... Just had a one night stopover at Sheraton LAX. Hotel is good quality with good Lobby, Gym and Pool facilities and right by the airport for a 24 hr layover. However after arriving and having a quick snooze in the afternoon, I awoke with bites all over me. We pretty quickly realised that there were fleas everywhere in the room. Staff were helpful and straight away moved us to a suite, but we now have to wash everything in our bags as they got right into our baggage and I had a rather uncomfortable 15 hour flight with flea bites itching all over me. Reception informed me whilst apologising that they are a Pet Friendly Hotel and that this would be how the fleas got into the room. Fleas and bugs can turn up anywhere but I would hope a Sheraton does more to check its rooms if a guest has had animals in there in future.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	5	1	4	4	3	

<Author>heathrowterminal3
<Content>good clean quality safe stay near the airport Just what you would expect from Sheraton. A nice clean hotel with plenty of room. The room was very nice and super comfortable bed. The only thing I could find that wasn't top notch was the bathroom tile and shower head could use a clean or replacement. But that is honestly the worse that I can say and it wan't a big deal at all! I just love a clean bathroom! The amenities were nice and there was a free shuttle to and from the airport and free wi fi. Breakfast wasn't a total rip off and had a large selection of premade stuff. I was perfect for a night to get over the jetlag!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>mmmfajitas
<Content>Great Stay I stayed here for 3 nights as a single traveller. I checked in at 2am and it was really quick and easy, my room was on the 14th floor and had two double beds, tv  writing desk and a coffee maker with Starbucks coffee, i found it quite spacious. I didn't have breakfast in the lounge but did take full advantage of the Starbucks in the lobby and there's a small shop onsite for snacks too. In the evening i ate in the bar area which seemed understaffed but the waitress kept acknowledging me and the food was good. Really nice pool area. during the day i travelled by getting collected by a tour bus and one day i got a taxi to santa monica, it cost 50dollars, i discovered the blue bus could take me straight back for 75cents so i did that. The walk from the bus station (10mins) was pretty isolated and there were quite a few homeless people around though but i felt safe enough.The only criticism is there really is nothing around the hotel area to do but all in all i had a great stay at teh Sheraton.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	5	4	5	

<Author>calgaryGirl25
<Content>Good Location Because we booked through hotwire we thought we were getting only one bed. The person on the phone for Sheraton was rude but the people at the Gateway were really nice and getting two beds was no problem. Getting to and from the airport was great and getting the metro or santa monica buses near the hotel was easy.The beds were a bit hard and there was something up with the bathtub but overall a very nice hotel with great food.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	5	4	5	

<Author>coronadoexplorer
<Content>Good Enough If you are in town to see several different areas of LA, this location is relatively convenient. However, there is nowhere to walk from here for dining or entertainment purposes. The room was clean and spacious enough for our needs. The main restaurant serves a decent buffet breakfast but the items ordered off the menu leave a bit to be desired. Staff was friendly but overall they seemed a bit short staffed. Our key stopped working an hour and a half before check-out. This, in addition to the parking (an airport surface lot located behind the building where the nearest space you can find is sure to be the last one, approx. $13.00 per day) was the only complaint.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Diegodad2
<Content>Not very good at the Kor. I was told Kor, the cool and hip company behind the Viceroy and Tides, runs this behemoth of a hotel on Century Boulevard, so when business dictated a stay at LAX, I booked the Sheraton Gateway.Sadly, the Kor style did not translate well to the Sheraton factory. The hotel has a cool front desk (where none of the employees seem to know what Kor is, by the way), but that's where it stops. The rest of the hotel is more Herman Munster than chic, with black and flannel gray making an already dark hotel positively lifeless. There are cavernous expanses without a single stick of furniture to break the monotony. The rooms are equally dark and the bathrooms very rundown. My bathtub had been chipped and painted over in at least 10 places. The bathroom tile was equally disgusting, as was the ubiquitous hair I found all over the sink and floor.Shula's was a bit disappointing, although the burger was excellent as was the undercooked apple crisp, but the bar/lounge was very bad and had surly service. But all of these seemed excellent compared to the lousy breakfast restaurant where the buffet seemed like left-overs. I wouldn't stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	2	3	3	

<Author>lanceralot
<Content>Thumping still in my head My wife and I stayed here over the 4th of July weekend. When we arrived on the 4th, music was blaring at the swimming pool and could be heard across the lobby. When we got to our room on the 8th floor, the room was facing the pool and we were dismayed to find that we could heard the music from up there. Given that it was 4th of July, we thought...oh well, maybe this was a rare event and the manager had indicated that it'd be over at 8pm. The music kept going past 8pm and into 9pm. We didn't complain.Sunday afternoon comes around and they threw another party at the pool and the music was just blaring again. When I asked, the manager said it'd be over at 7pm. At 7:15pm, the thumping was just too much, so I called the front desk to ask when the music would be over, the front desk said 8pm. I decided enough was enough and went down to change our room. The manager said, oh it'll be over by 7:30pm. I said you can't entertain partygoers at the expense of disrupting an entire side of the hotel! Finally I got a new room facing the other way. I could hear the roar of the airplanes, but that was expected and I'd take that over the constant thumping any day.Room wise, it was ok. The bed slumped in the center and the shower/tub is in need of a renewal. The caulking were moldy and the stainless steel bars had rust streaks running down into the tub.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	1	

<Author>Fab50Mom
<Content>Convenient  Stayed here one night (from NH) before a cruise. Very comfortable bed. Restaurant was nice  not too pricey (for LA). Rented a car to see some of LA, definitely need one. No place close to walk here. Use the valet parking. It's worth it.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>ann12172
<Content>Nice room I love staying at Sheraton hotels. This one was no different except for a few things: they do not tell you that you have to pay for parking (an extra$15/day, or valet for, I think $24). The parking lot was in the back of the hotel so it was pretty far. Luckily, the weather was nice. The interiors of the hotel were very nice: a little gift shop, a starbucks, nice rooms...bathroom too! Staff were nice. Like always, my room key didn't work at one point and I had to go all the way downstairs to get it reloaded. The concierge person took the time do it for me instead of having to wait in the line with the people needing to check in. I did not like that Sheraton would not let me add points to my rewards card though because I booked through Hotwire. The hotel is also very close to the airport (they have a shuttle)...so I could definitely hear airplane noise...not so bad though. Location wise, it was a pretty far drive to every where we had to go though. That sucked. L.A. traffic is bad.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Bzhpq
<Content>Good hotel very near the airport For anybody having a very early morning flight out of LA this is a very good choice. The (free) shuttle ride to the airport is about 5 minutes and there is shuttle at least every 20 minutes.But coming in at LAX I was confused by the way you board hotel shuttles. You have to go designated areas on the sidewalk and flag down the shuttle from your hotel.The hotel itself was clean and so was the room. Nothing bad to say.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>SLS_CFS_APS
<Content>Sheraton LAX in June We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. We stayed for two weeks and paid $109/night through Hotwire.com. At the time of booking, other comparable hotels were charging closer to $150/night.The amenities provided at the hotel meet the criteria of a 4-star hotel. There is an airport shuttle that runs 24 hours a day (there are multiple shuttles and the wait time is about 5-10 minutes). There are two restaurants in the hotel: The Brasserie serves breakfast and lunch (on the expensive side-simple breakfast will run about $12-$14, $16 for the breakfast buffet), and Shula's (steaks will run about $40). In addition, there is a Starbucks which opens at 5:30am. There is a Subway within 1 block which serves from 6:00am to 9PM. If you are renting a car, there are a number of restaurants within 2 miles. For a simple, inexpensive dining place (where the locals go), try Dinah's on Sepulveda Blvd.Tips:Free coffee is stationed at the bar in the lounge. Free TAZO tea bags can be taken at the Business Office Center on the 2nd floor. Lemonade is served at 3:30pm in the lobby.If you have a car, parking is provided by an independent company towards the back of the hotel. Cost is about $13/day. Otherwise, the hotel offers valet parking.There is air traffic noise but this can be remedied by purchasing inexpensive ear plugs before you start your trip.The primary clientele of this hotel is conferences and airline pilots/stewardesses, and probably those of us who used Hotline.com to book. There are relatively few children in the hotel.We contacted guest services twice during our stay, once for additional towels and once for A/C noise. Both issues were handled immediately.All the staff we came in contact with were very courteous, friendly, and efficient. We would definitely stay here again.Cons:No free parkingNo free continental breakfastNo free internetLimited storage space for clothingRoom noise was only occassionally a problemAir traffic noise can last through the night since this is an International Airport.If you are not turned off by any of these issues, then you'll enjoy your stay here, as we did.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lilmisstex713
<Content>Nice Hotel But Extra Charges Were Annoying       Bedroom  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>TexasTravelerAustin
<Content>Clean and quiet Stayed here during a 12-hour layover at LAX. Worth the cost for solid sleep, use of fitness center and a shower! I slept most of the time so I didn't explore the hotel but I will say my room was huge with a king bed and a queen sleeper sofa in a sitting area around the corner. Very masculine decoration. Bathroom was kind of small for such a big room, but had great water pressure and towels were thick and soft. Fitness center opens to the pool and gets a nice breeze, and the equipment has TVs and fans for comfort. One strange thing is that the fitness center didn't have any dumbbells under 25 lbs. Hmm. Has a starbucks in the lobby, very convenient. Shuttle to airport was very prompt. Overall pleasant experience.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>petefrommaui
<Content>Nasty extra charges The overall experience was very satisfactory, airport pickup was perfect, room was clean, the concierge was very helpful, but there was a $10.95 surcharge for in room internet and a charge of $ 2.00 per international calling card call. The telephone charge card in the room mentioned a $ 2.00 charge for the first 60 minutes and 10 cents/minute thereafter, but did not mention the $ 2.00 per call charge. I feel that a 4 star hotel should not need to nickel and dime it's guests in this way.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	1	

<Author>Irwish
<Content>Pleasently Surprised I was concerned once I found out that I had got this hotel from Hotwire. I read reviews on the hotel and I was afraid I had been had by the 4 star rating Hotwire had given the Sheraton.The checkin went smoothly and I was off to my room. The desk person promised me the room would be quietMy room is large, nicely appointed, and has a wonderful bed. The only downside was the tub, which had a bad refinishing job done to it at some point. There were a few hairs in the tub but more than likely they came from the room attendent. By the way the room was quiet except for a little airplane noise.Downsides; To use the phone in the room is very expensive and the $10.95 for the internet is unacceptable in the day of free internet in most hotels.If you are looking for a nice room at a fair price for the location this is not a bad choice.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>moody79
<Content>Only stayed a night - very comfy bed! Only stayed one night, but it was very nice. Large comfortable bed. room was a little dingy, and the view wasn't amazing 0 but then its right next to an airport so what can one expect!?  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>bdt61
<Content>Not a 4-star. A dull 3-star. Location was my first instinct, the Sheraton was less than 5 miles from work for the week-end of Memorial day. This particular need was fulfilled. however a very dull 3- star would be more fitting of a rating.There was never any hot water. Granted , I enjoy a hot, hot shower. It was warm, yes but never hot. We showeredearly and late in the evening as well as middle afternoon, hot water temperature availability never changed : warm.The rooms were clean, on the small side for a Sheraton.Self park, a nice walk, good for the digestion, 10 to 15 mn, depending where you could find parking. There was a shuttle to lot, if you have the luxury of time. I was there on business.The keys had to be changed twice, they simply stopped working, back to the counter to be rekeyed.Personnel helpful, friendly and professional. All around from luggage to front desk and all else. No where to eat truly. we had to tackle the long dark walk to the lot for dinner. Perhaps for an away flight, this an adequate choice. A 3 -day business trip, no.Too many inconveniences.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>okop
<Content>One night stay Myself and a buddy were in Palm Springs for some golfing and stayed here for one night after dropping off the rental car. Arrived and got checked in quickly. As a plat member I was upgraded to the club floor. Arrived onto the club floor and floors were dirty and just the overall feel was not very clean. Got to our room and found the colors very warm but dull ?? greys. maybe to hide the dirtiness - Although the bed sheets seemed very clean the bathroom was in dire need of upgrades and repairs. For a club room this bathroom had mold all over the shower area; shower head coming out of the wall and the shower itself was so low that you had to bend down to have a proper shower ? Checked out the club lounge for breaky......pretty lame and ended up going downstairs for breakfast. Not a vending machine in the place or anywhere for that matter to get any munchies.......I was told if I was hungry to order room service ? I just wanted a bag of chips or something. Had a few drinks in the lounge. No problems. Not a bad place but definately not a place that sticks out in my mind. As a starwood member I think the next time I am in the area I will check out the Westin down the street and see if it is any better.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Beautifulvocalist
<Content>Wouldn't say it's quite 4 star First of all, I booked this hotel through Hotwire and it was given a four star rating for this airport hotel. I had a four day stay in the Los Angeles area and wanted it close to the airport. Once there I was informed of the $24 a day for valet parking or self park in the back of the hotel in an airport parking lot. Which cost us roughly $13 a day to park and you had to walk a distance to get back to the hotel. I never saw the shuttle to take us back to the hotel. This was a bit of an inconvenience but nevertheless we had no choice. For the most part i had a decent experience. I was not in the hotel long enough to enjoy any of the amenities. Check in went smoothly and the concierge was helpful. As far as the rooms go I was not really impressed (1063). It was a bit small.. outdated televisions, bathroom needs attention. It was small and, they seem to have problems with the tubs not being clean enough and chipping paint. Otherwise it was and okay experience and I would visit again, but I wouldn't say it is quite a 4 star hotel, maybe 3.5.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Mark049
<Content>Walls Very Thin! All things started out well here at the Sheraton Gateway outside of the LA Airport. Check-in was fine and when we requested a discount they provided one. When we got to the room it was nice. Relatively clean and bed was comfortable. At this point we were quite pleased with the hotel. The problem began around 2am when the persons in the neighboring room returned. Four young men who were obviously wanting to have a fun evening and were under the influence. I don't fault the young men for wanting to have a good time and being loud can be part of that. I do, however, expect the hotel walls to be thick enough to resist some sound. The walls were paper thin and it was as if the young men next door were in bed with us talking and laughing. Things went from bad to worse when they started singing badly(at around 4:30am). I am glad they had a good time, but we did not. My wife and I are frequent travelers and are not very finiky, but we have stayed at Motel 6's with thicker walls. We will not stay here ever again and will now avoid Sheraton Hotels in general.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>mojave
<Content>A very nice 4-star airport hotel We found a nice, clean and well-appointed room, with a view on the runway, and excellent soundproofing. Staff were pleasant and efficient. One negative: if you plug your computer, the bill goes up $11, and I did not see any warning. WiFi is available in the lobby, free of charge.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	2	

<Author>TOfamily269
<Content>Good for what ii is Stayed one night to start our vacation and another on the end of our vacation. Rooms are not big but have been updated, althougth they didn't do complete job on the bathrooms.Check in was easy.Shuttle seemed to take longer to pick up on arrive, but it was at the end of a long day. We left at 5:30 am and shullte was waiting there.Pool area looked great for an airport hotel.Wouldn't suggest it for an extended stay but was good for an airport hotel.Starbucks in the lobby was handy too!  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>KrmiNetherlands
<Content>discusting things growing in the tub Friendly reception, room luxury, but discusting things growing in the tub. Nasty bathroom.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	-1	4	3	3	

<Author>edwardratcox
<Content>convenient to airport, but inconsiderate We only needed a place to sleep for an overnight layover. The location was very convenient to LAX, but finding the shuttle bus was ridiculous. After 20 minutes we hailed a cab only to discover it was just a few blocks away. When we checked in, we reiterated our request for a cot and were told it would be there in 15 minutes. An hour later, my daughter was fast asleep in our bed and we called down to cancel the cot. Not a restful sleep at all.No one even bothered to apologize for the inconvenience.One weird thing that happened was the elevators had a mind of their own. There was a guy trapped on there with me who told me he stays in this hotel a few times a year and the elevators have been flakey like that every time he does.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	5	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>RL-TX
<Content>Not bad but inconsistent I wanted to update my previous review which was pretty good/neutral about this hotel. I have now stayed here quite a bit on business travel and would now say it's a bit inconsistent. First of all, if you can book with a Starwood preferred number, you're going to get a better room. I neglected to do so a few times and ended up getting rooms that smelled like they had *just* been smoked in - floor 4 BTW. I went down and asked for a different room and they've always been helpful and switched it immediately, while reminding me that it's a non-smoking hotel. If that's the case, then they have some serious fumigating to do in a couple rooms. I like this hotel - I'm sure most of the rooms are fine, they have good customer service and a great breakfast buffet in the morning - but I'm just saying...  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>bloughda
<Content>Somethings growing in the bathtub       Spot that was smeared by my toe. The white thing beside it was the towel I put down to take a sh  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	2	3	3	

<Author>MattNY
<Content>Good for airport hotel On our way to Hawaii, leaving NYC at night, we needed a place for a few hours at LAX until we could catch the morning flight to Honolulu.For $116, this wasn't a bad option and they have a good shuttle to and from the airport being so close.When we checked in, they were friendly and even upgraded us to a small suite. Nice big room, but I cannot understand why they still had an old tv instead of a flat panel. The old tv was at an odd angle and distance from the bed and made watching in bed difficult.The only problem is that we got a room that connected next door, and at 1am, we had to call downstairs to have them call the guy to ask him to lower the tv (was watching some church sermon very loudly).Otherwise, it was great for what we used it for.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>MattJHB
<Content>Great airport hotel Stayed for one night in April 2008. Check in was fast and friendly and my room on the 9th floor was great. I was originally in another room which had a noisy aircon and I was moved as soon as I called the front desk. The rooms are tastefully decorated and are very comfortable. The beds are fantastically comfortable. Room service was quick. Breakfast the nect morning was very good. The hotel deserves it's star rating, and my only complaint is the parking - you can either valet your car at enormous expense or park at a general airport parking lot behind the hotel, which isn't cheap either. People may feel uncomfortable walking around behind the hotel alone at night. Would I stay there again? Yes. It's a great hotel witn comfortable facilities.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Brian_Toronto_Canada
<Content>Excellent Airport Hotel We stayed at the Sheraton Gateway by LAX in late March/08. The hotel shuttle is excellent. Check-in was wonderful. We stayed on the club floor. The room was large and not to over-crowded with furniture. The lobby is nice and the outdoor pool is very nice. There's a free shuttle bus that takes you from the hotel to Manhattan Beach area (very nice area)...about a 20 minute ride.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>KonaW
<Content>Far from a four star experience This hotel looses points for both service and room quality. I would not stay there again and would not recommend it to a friend.My assistant booked my room through hotwire and requested a 4 star hotel in West Los Angeles. I am familiar with the airport location but was hopeful that the Sheraton would infact be a 4 star experience.The lobby is beautiful and the valets very nice. However, it took 20min to check in and there was only 1 person ahead of us. I was told that I couldn't record the stay on my Starwood perfered account because it was booked through Hotwire. The room was above a very noisy airconditioner unit. I figured that was probably what booking with Hotwore is all about. But inspite of location, I would still expect a clean tastefully appointed room. Unfortunately I recieved netiher.The bathroom was dirty with a severely chipped and stained bathtub. The room and bedding generally dinghy (579). I attempted to call the front desk after 15min of the phone ringing I was moved to another room (518) the second was dirtier than the first, dirty glasses, severely chipped, mildewed and rusted shower/tub combo, black hairs in the tub and on the toilet.Unfortunately, I was late for a dinner reservation and could not wait anouther 40min to change rooms.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pinner Traveller
<Content>Above average airport hotel We booked a standard room (room 957) for one night on the return leg of our journey home from New Zealand to the UK. The room was spacious and very quiet though the bathroom wasn't that big. Our one supper was in the hotels Shula's 347 restaurant where the service and steaks were excellent. Breakfast the following morning was in the Brassiere Restaurant which had a good value buffet continental breakfast with lots of choice.The hotel has quite a nice pool and terrace with plenty of sun beds and armchairs. Staff throughout were very efficient and there always seemed to be plenty on duty. You could also catch a free bus nearby to take you to a shopping mall and beach at Manhattan Beach about 30 minutes away. Finally, there was a regular (every 20 minutes) shuttle to the airport which was about 10 minutes away.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>peacewalker
<Content>Fabulous Hotel This Sheraton is right close to the airport - perfect for layovers - which is what it was for us. The beds are incredibly comfortable and the hotel itself is just really great - service, amenities, etc. There is a Starbucks downstairs in the lobby, Bliss bath products, plush towels and luxury bedding. A perfect spot for an overnight layover. The hotel shuttle was complementary and picked us up at 2am. I highly recommend this spot for layovers - not sure if the location is good for anything else but it was really great for us. I noticed a lot of conferences going on - seems like a good place for that too - esp because its so close to the airport. Booked on hotwire and paid $135. Well worth it.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pete0807
<Content>Service with a smile! What a great experience!The staff in the hotel were courteous, helpful and friendly. Our room was very clean and well-appointed and we cannot praise the hotel and its staff enough. A couple of staff are worthy of special mention because their contribution to our stay helped make the difference.Albert - the concierge - is worth his weight in gold if you're a tourist and don't know the area. Nikki, who works in the bar, is a shining example of what a customer-facing employee should be. Choosing the Sheraton Gateway was a trade-off fo us, as tourists. We needed somewhere close to the airport after an 11-hour flight but wanted to be fairly close to the 'touristy' places. We made the right decision and wouldn't hesitate to say there again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>RoKelly
<Content>We would stay again.... The Sheraton Gateway is a really rare airport hotel. Very well maintained as opposed to some of the reviews I've read on Trip Advisor. Our room was pretty clean, the hotel public space was pretty clean as well. One note, it took housekeeping at least two days to notice some nut shells in a public hallway on the 3rd floor. I actually thought that wasn't bad because I notice everything (other guests probably didn't even realize the shells were there) and that was the only housekeeping concern that I had in a public space. As far as the room goes my only issue was the comforter, it had a stain on it but I never use them anyway so I just took it off the bed but wanted to wait and see if housekeeping would notice it and replace it with a clean one. They didn't so on my 2nd night there I asked that it'd be replaced and they responded very quickly to this request and any others that I had. Other areas like the hot tub needed to be cleaned as well and the elevators were very slow and probably needed to be serviced; experienced a situation where several guests including myself were stuck on the 1st floor because the doors did not shut properly, a guest had to pull the doors open to reset them. I never reported this incident. Though we had some minor issues service was great, the restaurant was great, the room ultimately was very comfortable, beautiful decor and furnishings. I would stay again and more than likely will soon.My biggest problem with the Sheraton Gateway is parking...yes we've read this before, it is a headache. First off, we did choose to park valet the first day due to schedule constraints...it was just convenient at the time. On the next two days that we had a rental we chose the Sheraton/LAX lot behind the hotel. It was very inconveniently located. My husband had to shuttle back to the hotel after parking the car!! Then, on the day we checked out I noticed we were charged for valet for 5 days instead of 1...we didn't even have a car on the last three days of our stay. I was very disappointed by that...but otherwise this hotel is still one of the best I've experienced at a Priceline rate of $90/night for it's star-rating.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Karch72
<Content>80% good, 20% not so good A got a wicked good deal on this hotel through Priceline, so I really can't complain about too much.As far as the hotel, it is fairly modern and conveniently located to LAX. The shuttle from LAX was fast and the driver was very friendly. The room itself was pretty big and had updated decor, but the bathroom was small and in need of renovation. Why would you update the room, but not the bathroom? I don't understand it. The enamel on the bathtub was peeling and you could barely close the door while using the toilet. I also expected the bed to be a little more comfortable ... that wasn't the case however.Pros: Very nice (and free) weight room, free Wi-Fi in the lobby, Starbucks in lobby, shuttle bus to airport, location near LAX.Cons: Elevators were slow and at one point was dropping people off on the wrong floor, $13 for offsite parking, expensive restaurants onsite (I walked to a Marriott down the road just to get a cheaper meal at a sports bar), no retail establishments nearby (food or shopping), old 25 inch TVs.Overall, I would stay at this property again. If they made some minor improvements it would go from a good place to stay to an excellent place to stay.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>920dm66
<Content>Pretty decent airport hotel Spent 3 nights in March. Nice beds, modern decor with lots of black. Loved the Starbucks in the lobby.The bar - oh well... But staff always very friendly and attentive.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>BenjaB
<Content>Solid business hotel in a good location Pros: Free shuttle from LAX to the hotel, very friendly and helpful staff, VERY quick room service, comfortable beds, reasonable rates.Cons: Dated bathroom (the shower head was only at my chin level!), fee for in-room internet.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>lhook
<Content>Wonderful night at the Sheraton We flew into LA late on Saturday night, so we decided to spend the night at the Sheraton to avoid drivng in the dark. We arrived at the airport, called the Sheraton, got our luggage, walked outside and the shuttle pulled up. We got checked in right away and went up to our room. The beds were awesome - we used starpoints to stay here and it was a great night's sleep. There was not a lot of noise - I use ear plugs so you may be able to hear the planes - but I did not. In the morning, we got up and I went downstairs to check email on my laptop (it's free in the lobby) - there was tons of space to sit down and plug in and starbucks is in the hotel so that was an added benefit. We left and shuttled back to airport and picked up the shuttle for thrifty and headed out to Pasadena.Great hotel near the airport - clean and comfy.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bukwaas
<Content>Convenient and modern! Use the Four Points hotel phone number in the Arrivals area to get put through to this hotel's main desk, so that the 10 minute shuttle can pick you up. The rooms are very modern and trendy, and the view is pretty good (although you're in an industrial airport area, so what can I say).Amazingly quiet, considering that planes are flying overhead. Breakfast buffet is a bit over priced, and the selection is only OK at best.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	-1	3	3	-1	

<Author>theinsane
<Content>Very poor for a Sheraton Service is awful, the elevators weren working, we never got attended on the bar. I was very sick and there wasn even a doctor available on the hotel. If you need to stay in LAX, look somewhere else.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>Kaabik
<Content>Fantastic Stay At The Sheraton       picture from century at night  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>flame01
<Content>Shame about the parking Stayed at this property from Jan 26th - Jan 29th and again on the night of Feb 1st.This hotel is really nice except for a few small details, Charging guests to park their cars is a little over the top when the car park (not the valet parking) is a 5 minute walk behind the hotel...not alot you might say, but when I stayed, the car park was almost full and I had to park at the furthest point from the entrance and then had to walk in very heavy rain to get to the hotel...and I got charged about ?3 per day for this privledge. Its a public car park , but Sheraton guests get a special rate...big deal!!!My room was excellent but the door lock (electronic) required attention and after I was told it was fixed, it still caused problems...like locking me out of my room each time.The hotels saving grace...the quick shuttle to the airport and the heavenly beds....wow, the best ever  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Mikar85
<Content>ok Stayed here for 2 nights due to location. It was ok, but not great. The room decor was modern, though it did not feel comfortable. There were many conferences going on, so the lobby was busy and noisy. And cold! The food at the bar and in the restaurant was average and a little pricey. Front desk staff not knowledgeable about local info. Parking fee was a little high, too, as was the internet fee. Convenient to LAX, but other than that, nothing to write home about.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OutOfOffice2008
<Content>surprisingly nice airport hotel This is a completely reasonable airport hotel. I was only in LA overnight and would have preferred to stay in town, but the rate here was way more affordable. I went expecting the usually below-par airport hotel experience but was very surprised to find a large but fresh hotel. The room was great - very clean with an up to spec. Sheraton bed. I had to sleep and was able to make the room 100% dark, but there was some airplane noise audible (granted I did ask for a good view of the southern-most runway).This is still an airport hotel, impersonal and surrounded by parking lots and other airport hotels, but it did provide a good night's sleep. I did have my Starwood Gold status recognized at check-in and was put in a preferred floor - but had no club access as am not a Platinum.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>2schlaffs
<Content>Fun Memories My husband  I stayed here for 1 night before departing via LAX for an around-the-world honeymoon trip. We'd actually 1st met at the hotel 10 months earlier during a Peace Corps orientation before heading overseas for volunteer service. So we stayed more for the memory of it being where we first met, but it would be hard not to really enjoy the nice, clean furnishings and very comfortable accomodations.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Scarletangel
<Content>It was alright... I had a friend from out of town that stayed at this hotel before flying out of LAX. I came down for the night to visit and stayed with her. The room was clean, and that was probably the best part of the stay. The bed was quite hard, and neither of us got much sleep. The sleep we got was also disturbed by planes taking off and landing, which, I admit; is something you have to deal with staying by the airport. We also ate at Shula 347, which was the restaurant in the hotel. The prices were reasonable, and the food was quite good. The service could have been a little more attentive; but overall it was a fine experience.Overall, it was an okay experience; nothing to rave about, but nothing super exciting either.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>livetortrvl
<Content>Enjoyed our stay Excellent hotel near LAX. Got a room for $89 on priceline and it was a steal at that price. We had a late international flight and had to stay overnight in LA. Couldn't have picked a better hotel. Right next to the airport. We were helped with our baggage both ways. The shuttle to the airport is frequent. Rooms were nice and clean. Room service was good although expensive like most hotels. Even though its right next to the runway, there's no airplane sound. Nice views of the runway, enjoyed watching the planes land and takeoff.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelW3kids
<Content>clean and family friendly We enjoyed our clean room and the wonderful service. We ordered room service and my two young children (4 and 6) had plenty of delicious options on the kid's menu. (for a great price)! Also, the breakfast buffet the next morning was wonderful. They didn't even charge for the kids!!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>steveindenver
<Content>One of the best bargains in LA Our corporate rate is 90/night for this hotel. Given the rate one might think the place is a dump. Nothing is further from the truth. The rooms are well furnished, some newer and nicer than others and the staff is excellent.One thing to note though, and this is not unique to just this Sheraton, I'd say 80 percent of the time I find urine on the toilet seat upon check in.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trilceana
<Content>Boutique-quality hotel right by the airport The Sheraton LAX felt like a boutique hotel - interesting artwork in the lobby, amazing 1920s-ish furniture all around the public floors, lovely poolside area  bar for late-night drinks, and extremely comfortable  well-decorated guestrooms; so much nicer than I expected for an airport hotel (and free with Starwood points!) Transport from the hotel was quick and easy, and we knew we'd made an excellent choice when we saw pilots pouring into the hotel for a good night's sleep...  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bluecarguy
<Content>Sheraton LAX Exceeded Expectations We spent 3 nights at this hotel to visit family and friends in the South Bay area. The location was very convenient for our purposes. We've stayed at Sheraton properties quite often before, and have found them to be generally good, but not usually this good.Our room, which I don't think was a special one, was quite spacious with excellent furnishings and a most comfy bed. I wasn't expecting such a large room and first cabin bed, given the price and airport location. All the staff members we encountered were friendly and helpful. There's a Starbucks in the lobby, which was an impressively efficient operation in spite of serving a crush of customers every morning. What looked like a twenty minute line for coffee turned out to be a five minute wait at the most. Kudos to them!In spite of being an extremely busy airport hotel the elevators were prompt and speedy even early in the morning when they often bog down at most hotels. I had occasion to use the fitness center and found the cardio equipment to be very good, the weight gear is just ok. The only real gripes we could think of was a $6 charge to use the lobby computers, a bit of a silly rip-off of paying guests needing to print a boarding pass. Also, a little fridge in the room would be nice.The free shuttle to Manhattan Beach for shopping and beach stuff is a wonderful service.Several times we stopped by the hotel just to freshen up between engagements and I had expected a hassle from the staff about parking in front for a few minutes. They had no problem with it, and I very much appreciated that. For overnight parking we used the self parking lot behind the hotel. That was reasonably priced for the airport and in a handy location, although the attendants (not Sheraton people) were invariably rude and functioned at glacier speed, which is why we preferred to park in front for brief stop ins. We didn't eat at the hotel, so I can't comment on that. All in all, a fine choice at LAX.One last recommendation: Uncle Bills in Manhattan Beach for breakfast. You will wait for a table, but it's a breakfast worth waiting for!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	3	5	5	5	2	

<Author>powersla
<Content>Good airport hotel I only stayed here one night, but it was a good experience. I read some of the other reviews about the rooms needing an update, but my room was very modern and new (reminded me more of a W hotel) in the way it was decorated. I am a gold member, so maybe I got a newer, remodeled room? It was on the 12th floor. Service was professional -- not overly friendly, but they got the job done. I mostly chose this hotel because of it's location close to the airport, but I would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Kamtini
<Content>A lovely surprise for an airport hotel! Arrived at the Sheraton on a late night flight from the east coast and was very surprised because I had expected far less from an airport hotel. The rooms were extremely comfortable, well-decorated, and clean. And the staff was very helpful - when I was in desparate need of a bagel and cream cheese to accompany the Starbucks coffee I had purchased in the lobby, the restaurant kindly boxed it up so that I could take it back to my room and get back to some pending work. Small details but those are the things that compel an excellent' rating. I would absolutely stay here again - it was fantastic to arrive there in minutes from the hellish experience that is LAX. This is the second recent Sheraton stay that was a great pleasure - the chain is definitely doing something right!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>issyK
<Content>Convenient to LAX, average accomodations You probably won't want to stay in this area unless you need easy access to LAX, but even amongst the airport hotels this is a subpar choice.- feels more like a 3-star than 4-star property- tub was dirty - and when water was turned on, a gush of dirty brownwater gushed out- felt worn and unkemptpositive points:- bed is standard Sheraton, good quality sheets- large number of rooms - decent size roomIt's not completely disgusting, but there are other choices in the immediate area and even with the SPG group, I prefer to stay at the Westin LAX which is just down the road  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	1	2	3	

<Author>bobshady86
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed at this hotel recently and I had a great experience. I am a Starwood Gold Member so I got the room free through points. At check-in, the employee wasn't too great or nice but did get the job done. I checked in very fast with no problems which I always enjoy. I especially liked the room that they put me in. There are 15 floors and I was on the 14th overlooking LAX with a great view of the runways and the airport itself. The room was good size, the sheets, bathroom and everything was clean so I was very satisfied. The only dissatifcation I had was the desk. It was made of wood and there was a lot of chips on the top and the side which were very noticeable. Just a little paint would make it look much better but that was just a minute detail. Everything else was way above satisfactory. I strongly recommend you stay at the Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles. It is very close to LAX and everything around and in Los Angeles.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Tymp
<Content>Decent hotel       Our room  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	1	4	1	-1	

<Author>athtrasna
<Content>Needed a refurb about 10 years ago!! This was our second visit to the Sheraton Gateway and it was disappointing to see that it was no closer to feeling like a 21st century hotel, to me it's still stuck in the 80s and needs upgrading soon.Check in agent was unhelpful verging on rude but at least this time we didn't get placed next to a family with energetic young children who screamed the place down at 6am!Elevators were a lottery, worked okay on arrival, didn't work when going to and from work out room and worked when we checked out.Room was a decent size, but no magnifying mirror in the bathroom and few accesible electrical sockets for those all important chargers for phones, ipods, cameras....Wait for shuttle was about 15 mins the next morning.For $75 on Priceline it's not a bad deal but I wouldn't like to have paid too much more.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	1	-1	-1	

<Author>superstardj
<Content>Decent but dated Stopped in for one night with a room booked via my Starpoints. Nice and close to LAX, fast, convenient shuttle, everything you'd really want for an airport hotel.Rooms however do feel a bit dated - if you've stayed in various Sheratons, you'll know that whilst the services are usually quite similar, the rooms can vary depending on how old the hotel is, and this was on the lower end of the scale. Both room and bathroom showing signs of wear+tear, and could use a bit of a makeover. Few lights etc not working in room, but no biggie.On a happier note, we did get upgraded to a suite (which wasn't much bigger than a room), and enjoyed a decent meal at the steakhouse on the ground floor which is pretty good.All in all, a decent airport stopover.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HiIslandsGuy
<Content>Good but for the Elevators! The Sheraton Gateway is a consistently good choice for a stay near to LAX except for one thing: the elevators. On my most recent stay, none of the guest elevators were working upon check-in. All guests (and housekeepers, room service staff, bellmen, etc.) were being routed to a single service elevator in a utility room. The waits were very long, the elevators very crowded. The elevator problem persisted off and on throughout our stay. I asked a staff member how long this had been going on and he told me there have been elevator problems for several months. I know that any commercial establishment can suffer an elevator outage, but it concerns me that the problem here seems to be both extensive and chronic. In that this is a fifteen floor property, you may wish to call the hotel before booking to determine the current status of their elevator problems.That being said, it is worth checking on this hotel. It is very convenient to LAX. The rooms are comfortable, quiet and well appointed. The beds are exceptionally comfortable. The housekeeping is excellent. The staff is hard-working, yet pleasant. This hotel is a good way to begin, end or transit a trip.I have stayed at the Sheraton Gateway quite a few times so I feel qualified to comment on its consistency. But I am also surprised at this most recent development with its elevators and hope that hotel management will address it more seriously.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Tandarook
<Content>Any closer to the airport and you'd be under a plane! I arrived at LA Airport with no accommodation booked for a 20 hour layover and got on the Sheraton shuttle bus thinking this was a hotel brand I can usually trust. As usual the Sheraton lived up to its expected high standards.My mini suite was perfect. Clean, spacious, crisp linen etc. The leather couch was perfect for an afternoon nap in front of the TV. I am actually surprised to read other reviews noting they found this pricey - I found it far cheaper than comparable accommodation and actually asked the receptionist if I had in fact heard the price right it seemed so cheap!The shuttle to the airport was literally minutes and I was assisted on and off both ends by the driver (always a worry getting luggage on and off when you are a female travelling solo).The only minor disappointment I will note is that room service is not 24 hours. Being so close to an international airport I was more than a little annoyed I could not get a proper meal because it was 9am LA time even though I had just gotten off a 15 hour flight from Australia and desperately wanted something more substantial than a bagel!Overall though I definitely recommend this place and will definitely stay here again in future.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>California Sun
<Content>Comfortable beds......ahhhhhhhhhhhh Hotel is very clean and neat. The view was fantastic. The price was right for a hotel like this ($110.00) per night. In fact I was surprised at the rate. The company I work for placed the reservation. The valet parking was very expensive $25 or you walk down an alley I did not like to a parking lot behind the hotel. They have air controlled air conditioning in the rooms I was not happy with because it just did not seem to cool off enough and it was very hot  humid in LA during my stay. Breakfest was hot and on time 5:45 am, I couldn't believe that because hardly ever do you get your breakfest delivered by room service like it just came off the stove. The staff was super and the overall experiance other than the air was great!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jollygilly
<Content>near airport but pricey we stayed here on our last night as we wanted to be near to the airport. The hotel was pricey and the room were shabby . The only good point was the security to go to the rooms, ie without a room key the lift would not work. There is a shuttle bus to the airport  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>FatherMckenzie
<Content>Very nice airport hotel Very nice considering it is an airport hotel. It is very clean and comfortable. And I am particular! The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was large enough for three of us to be comfortable. The beds were comfortable the furnishings were good. The bathroom was a good size and clean. Cable Internet service in the rooms was $11 per day but wireless was free in the lobby. There is a business center but they charge for Internet and printing boarding passes. The hotel was clean and luxurious. The pool was nice with comfortable lounge chairs and good service for food and drink. There was annoying music over the loud speakers though. The shuttle to and from the airport runs about every 10 minutes. The location is fine if you want to walk for exercise, not pleasant in terms of noise and traffic but safe. They offered us a 6 PM checkout for only $50, which was great because we had an 11 PM flight.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mlasser
<Content>Declining property First time I reviewed this property it was pretty good. This time, I think there are better options.Desk chair does not raise and lower and had a cigarette burn. Towles were still damp on the rack. No bath soap, only facial bars. Club room had food but not set up on time. Club room also over run by kids with no one trying to control them.Self-parking has Sheraton signage but is not part of the property so you cannot bill it to the room. Paying for parking took ten minutes and four different signitures.As a Platinum I was offered no upgrade despite a very empty hotel with lots of suites available.Better than the Westin accross the street, but there are better LAX hotels.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>bums
<Content>parking situation I give this hotel a neutral. I stayed here in my recent trip to LA. I find booking through spg.com or starwood phone very conveninent if you are an SPG member, so I picked this one up because of location and price.The location is good, I stayed at other hotels at LAX, nothing unusual here. Rooms are ok sized, nicely furnished, positive sides of my stay.I had 2 issues with the room in my 2 days stay, one with the heater and the other one with the bathtub drainage, but it was taken careof, so it is OK. However, parking drama is another story. Hotel only provides Valet parking for $24 a day. Or you park in the airport parking lots behind the hotel.(for $13). The problem here is, at night, you have to walk back to the front door from parking lot through some dark road, since all the side doors of the hotel are closed.Very inconvenient. Valet parking is not too good either, because of the crowds picking up their cars. I stayed at the radisson LAX and also paid for parking there but at least, parking was closer.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>Pacwell
<Content>Very Nice Hotel I stayed at the Sheraton for one night as I was passing through and found the hotel to be an excellent choice. I've stayed at numerous hotels at LAX and found the Sheraton be the superior hotel compared to the others next door. The room's were very clean, the staff was very friendly and the beds were very comfortable. I really enjoyed staying at the Sheraton and would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone looking for an above average hotel.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>WandererLondon
<Content>Pleasantly surprised We spent a night here between international flights.I wasn't expecting a great deal from an airport hotel but was pleasantly surprised. It's literally minutes from LAX, probably one of the closest hotels and with acomp shuttle bus that goes very frequently. Rooms large, quiet, clean and comfortable. The Starbucks in the lobby is a genius idea and much appreciated!Only criticism was that there was only one person on reception when we checked in which was somewhat annoying. Have more reception staff: travellers relish quick check in and out! Otherwise full points!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>LouMonika
<Content>NIce Hotel; Recently Remodeled This hotel currently comes up with some of the best rates for upmarket properties in LA -- true it's next to a runway at LAX, but it was recently remodeled and the rooms are great -- for the price very very difficult to beat -- we also received complimentary club level (continental breakfast and snacks in p.m. but no complimentary drinks) upgrade for Starwood alliance membership which is free. Decor is muted grays, browns, and other earthtones -- very modern look in lobby. Sweet Sleeper Beds are pretty nice but only doubles not queens in the rooms with two beds. Request an airport view if you like to watch airplanes. Other side of the hotel may be a bit quieter but we slept fine with the runway side. Lounge off lobby is very nice as is the smallish pool which has free cabanas and teak chairs with cushions and lots of on site towels. Not hard to forget you are at airport. We found location convenient for runs up to Hollywood/Santa Monica and to other LA sites -- didn't encounter airport traffic congestion as we'd feared. Bathroom in hotel was spotless and housekeeping staff very efficient. Parking is a bit strange but for a big city relatively cheap (around $10/day but basically a block walk or more to your car which you park in the airport's remote parking entered by a back entrance across street from hotel -- might have misgivings as a single woman needing to access or leave car late at night, but it looked well lit patroled and safe so maybe not a problem -- at least again it was cheap). No attractions or restaurants within walking distance other than inside other hotels. We were very pleased with our 4 night stay and would recommend this Sheraton to others without qualification.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>chuggins68
<Content>Ok for Sheraton Stayed the night of 07/24 in room 1163. This hotel was your typical full service property. Standard Sheraton hospitality but for all that was touted on its website I felt under served. The rooms are not well insulated so you do here noise throughout the night as guests arrive and depart as is expected of an airport location. But one would think that this would have been better considered for this location.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>brytpa
<Content>Excellent Stay At the Gateway Usually I'd not stay at an airport hotel unless airport access was key (such as an overnight layover or a quick business trip in and out of town) but some family matters had me traveling to Los Angeles and having to make last-minute plans not only for a room for myself but also for a couple of relatives for an extended (4+ days) stay. I chose the Sheraton Gateway because LAX would be an easy landmark for my relatives to find and LAX is somewhat central to the entire L.A. area (and I'd be driving all over, from Orange County to the Valley to the High Desert, Santa Monica and everywhere in between during my time in town).Check-In was a breeze, and I was upgraded to a suite (thanks to SPG status) that was extremely spacious. The entire hotel has received a rather recent upgrade, and the rooms are tastefully and quite well decorated with a modern feel. It had a large desk/workspace, sitting area with couch and two lounge chairs, king bed. Only aspect of the new, updated rooms that I found lacking were the bathrooms. They're nice and all, but pretty small. Your standard, hotel/motel-sized bathrooms. Closet was also small, but there was plenty of dresser space so that wasn't an issue for me.Wired and wirless highspeed for about $10/day. 24hr Room Service and just about everything I ordered while there was really good.The Starbucks in the lobby was extremely convenient and great to have handy when heading out for long drives to various relatives' homes every morning. It closes pretty early though so it's no evening hangout place.24hr Valet came in handy. The lobby bar was a relaxing place to hangout at night. Maid service was attentive (I don't morning maid service and told them my first day there that 3pm was a good time for them to come clean, and they showed up at or shortly after 3pm every day while I was there!) and thorough.I never once heard a plane take off or land while there, though my room faced the airport. So either I got lucky or things were insulated quite well. Proximity to the airport actually made for some real convenience, as freeways are very close (405 and 105). All in all, was quite pleased with the stay and the relatives I'd arranged a room for also were very pleased with the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Penndentist09
<Content>Nice Hotel, not the ideal location I stayed at this hotel in March for a couple of days. The hotel is literally steps away from the airport. The hotel does a GREAT job with their shuttle vans...I had no problem getting to/from the airport.The hotel and the room itself are pretty nice. My room was very clean and everything was working fine. The beds were VERY comfortable! Housekeeping staff was friendly. The pool was a little cold (but then again..it was March)...the outdoor jacuzzi was nice, but had an almost unbearable chlorine smell...couldn't stay in there too long.My only real complaint about this hotel is the location! I did not opt to rent a car and was hoping that the bus/subway system would be sufficient to get me around (especially being from NY..I would think LA would be just as good with their public transport). I was thoroughly surprised to find this was not true..it's almost impossible to get downtown or to Hollywood on the buses/trains! You have to switch 2-3 times (on either bus or subway) and it took me well over an hour and a half one way. This was really disappointing and put a real damper on my trip. Additionally..no one knew which buses/trains I should take...in fact everyone gave me a baffled look when I told them I was going to use public transport!Also..there isn't that much to do. Everyone told me to avoid the downtown/city area..so I did. Hollywood can be covered in about an hour or two..and there is nothing else to do! I took the city tour and celebrity homes tour...both of which were good..nothing spectacular. Many of the celebrity homes are behind walls..so I couldn't see some of the homes.The best part of my trip was Santa Monica! The beach/pier are great and shopping area/promenade are really really nice. HIGHLY recommend checking it out.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	1	5	3	3	3	

<Author>asmythie
<Content>Clean comfortable hotel near LAX A clean, comfortable, near-luxury hotel with free shuttle service from LAX. Check in took longer than expected due to small staff and a customer at the front of the line having a complex issue. I was surprised that the front desk staff at such a large hotel was answering the phones as well.The room was nice, especially the beds. The one big disappointment given the overall quality of the hotel: the bathroom was poorly cleaned with gobs of hair leftover from the previous guest.The bar and restaurant were much more expensive than I'd expect for an airport hotel. A simple quesadilla, no drink ended up in a $15 tab. I'd expect this downtown or at a resort, but not out by the airport.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Bigtings
<Content>Great hotel! Stayed for 4 nights, great service, clean room, superior fitness facility, pool and hot tub. Found the concierge to be helpful and overall, the hotel's atmosphere is very tastefully done. having a starbucks on the premises adds to it, the rooms are soundproof and it was conveniently located near a major highway. Only drawback was getting your car from parking was time consuming.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>np2202
<Content>Terrible hotel First for the good: the room and beds were nice. Now the rest. Parking is far away, valet parking is $22 a day, and allow a half hour to get your car in the morning. Breakfast is a ripoff, all a la carte and very expensive. I settled for a roll at the Starbucks inside the hotel and even that is very expensive, almost five bucks for a cup of coffee and a roll. No entertainment at night, not even a piano bar, just this awful techno music playing all day and night and the depressing black and white decor. Oh, and the high speed interenet. Almost $11 a day and I got speeds that reminded me of my old 100 baud modem, when it worked. But it usually didn't, so I called and got connected to some overseas guy who had to tweak it for me. And I had to do this every day, it never worked twice.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	-1	4	4	1	

<Author>terravisum
<Content>Above average airport hotel       king bed  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>romeopitbull
<Content>Not Bad, Not Good I have stayed there for about a month. The room is pretty clean. Very expensive parking. Staff not very nice except for housekeeping. Pool only so, so. Restaurant - nothing special. Overall I am not very happy about my stay. The only positive is that they allow dogs in there. Would tell others to look for some other place.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	1	1	

<Author>marilano
<Content>Very Good Airport Hotel Although I only stayed one night at the Sheraton Gateway just a few days ago (early July), I was generally pleased with the hotel. It was much quieter than I expected, given its proximity to the airport and some of the reviews on this site. I did ask for a quiet room, but the rooms were well soundproofed anyway (with double pane windows that didn't open). I was also very happy with the air conditioning system--very quiet and adjustable to a specific half a degree. At many hotels, the a/c is too loud to sleep with it on, but not at this Sheraton; I didn't even hear it going off and on during the night to keep the temperature at what I'd set it for, and I'm a light sleeper. The bed was quite comfortable with good quality sheets, although I was surprised the blanket didn't get covered with a separate sheet, as at most nicer hotels these days. And--my pet peeve at most hotels--the bottom sheet wasn't fitted so kept moving around during the night. The pillow choice was good, including foam or feather. The staff were friendly and the room was very clean. The room didn't have a refrigerator (or mini-bar), but they sent a small frig. up with no charge. Shuttle service from the airport was great; I only had to wait a few minutes for it.The less positive aspects of this hotel: the bathroom was a little small and didn't have a wall mirror or lighted stand mirror as some hotels do, so it was a little hard to see close up in the big mirrors. My primary complaint, though, was that even in a non-smoking room, there was a vague smell of stale cigarette smoke--enough so that I had to buy some air deodorizer and also use a couple of scented candles. Of course, I really shouldn't complain about anything, since I stayed for free with points from the Starwood Preferred Guest program. But since one can get a good rate even through the hotel website, and given the airport convenience, quick shuttle, comfy bed, and hotel quietness, I'll definitely stay here again when I'm in LA. Maybe by then the Sheraton chain will do what Marriotts have done and go all non-smoking!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pralin
<Content>Comfortable Bed! We stayed overnight in June 2007 at this hotel and loved it. The bed is soooo comfortable! Great pillows and bedding. The room was clean and comfortable. For being near the airport, I didn't hear much air traffic. I slept quite comfortably and was never disturbed by outside noise. The lobby is beautiful and the Starbucks in the lobby was very convenient. We would definitely stay here again and we highly recommend it. You can't beat the price for the quality-it's as close to five star as you can get.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tudazwomanMclean_Va
<Content>LOVED it! I could not be more pleased with the Sheraton Gateway. Booked thru Expedia, I got a $95/night rate. The bathrooms offered a full complement of lotions/gels/mouthwash as well as a full-length mirror and immaculate robe. A two-phone room, it featured a glass-topped writing desk and computer port, as well as a glass-top side table separating two generously proportioned club chairs. There were FOUR lamps in the bedroom each w/a directional light switch so that one could lower the lights and still sleep. The room was well insulated and I couldn't hear the nearby airport at all. Beds had two comforters and a blanket in addition to sheets. Colors of room a restful gray complimented with a burnt orange bed backboard with navy pinstripe bed covers and club chairs.Staff was exceptional to me and most helpful; oh, and the shuttle runs every 15 minutes -- very convenient for a hotel property 5 minutes from the airport. Giftshop also well maintained. Will DEFINITELY return!!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>drewmc38
<Content>Great Airport Hotel We booked the Sheraton's Park and Fly package. With Sunday arrival it was only $169 plus taxes for a room, and 7 days of valet, covered parking!I wasn't expecting a lot but the hotel was fine. Quiet rooms, comfy beds and the Starbucks in the lobby was a bonus.The rooms need some updating but are not horrible.The bar downstairs is surprisingly hip with a good vibe, menu and food.There is also a branch of Shula's a higher end steakhouse.Overall I would say an excellent choice for one night, but no longer. Next time we depart early from LAX we shall stay here.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>harleymanOxfordshire
<Content>Poor service Rooms ok, but air con not working, some of the staff could not have been more unhelpful if they had tried, especially one of the concierges. Looking down his nose at some of the guests is not an appealing trait. Hotel ok for an overnight, but not for a stay, which given the fact that it is next door to the airport might seem obvious, but the other hotels seem to have the noise under control.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>syd66ney
<Content>Sharaton a nice Experiance w/great room service       two chairs  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>abe_perkins81
<Content>Great Overnight-Not extended This hotel is great for it's main purpose, which is flying into LAX and staying one night and leaving. However, do NOT stay if you intend to stay a few days.1.) No free continental breakfast, you pay for a real breakfast2.) Parking is $12 per day one block away! Parking at the hotel is $24 per day!3.) No free internet access, that is $10.95However, look of the hotel and comfort is great. Hotel food is great but expensive. My recommendation, stay 1 night flying thru LA is okay....coming with a car whatsoever, do not stay here.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	2	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Lindyloo1
<Content>Comfortable airport overnighter We arrived at the Gateway rather late after a long and tiring plane journey from England.Hotel looks nice from the outside and the check-in was extremely pleasant. We had been upgraded as we are Platinum members so our room was better than average.We found the room quite large and pleasant but would not rave about it, however, it is built for people staying overnight and that it accomplished to perfection. The bed was very comfortable. The downside of the room was an extremely tiny bathroom. The room service snack was not very good. We could have had a meal downstairs in their steak house but we arrived when it was closing so cannot review on this restaurant. Unfortunately, we had a very early start the following morning (5am) and were not able to have breakfast in their Club Lounge as it did not open until 6am.Would we stay there again, probably as it did have the advantage of only being five minutes from the airport and overall was quite pleasant.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Blaize76
<Content>Comfort and luxury I really enjoyed the modern lobby and room design. The beds were SO comfortable and the business services really fit my needs.If you are staying in the LAX area I would suggest you check out this property, especially if you can stay on the club level (great views of LAX).  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>lilimadsn
<Content>Great Airport Hotel Stayed in a junior suite. Parking was very expensive and this hotel was right next to the airport. We did not hear any noise from planes and had a very comfortable sleep. Not a great choice if you were vacationing and would be coming back/forth ... but perfect for an overnight stay.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KernNative
<Content>disappointed Was lured by the marketing. The website described a relaxing atmosphere with sophisticated cabanas and inviting oasis poolside. Not the feeling I got. The cocktails were pricey, I was informed that happy hour was 1/2 priced drinks... The waitress/bar charged us full price and only corrected the price after we brought it to their attention. The price of our room included 2 free cocktails, which turned into confusion with the bar. If there was free breakfast/continental breakfast, there was no information of it. The restaurant was very pricey, we left for Pizza rather than eat at the Hotel. Hotel is not kid friendly. Not a place for kids. Parking and checking in was hectic. Checking out not any better-check your bill. Small rooms in comparison. Next time we'll stay at the Embassy-one of our favorites!  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>TRosel238
<Content>Very Pleased With The Sheraton Gateway With an early morning flight out of LAX, I decided to stay at theSheraton Gateway. As soon as I walked in the door, I noticedthat the hotel has an upscale feel to it. Check in went flawlessly,and the bellhop ushered us to our room. The beds were verycomfortable and the pillows were the same. We had an upperlevel room, which had a nice view of the airport. The next morning we took the hotel shuttles to the airport. The shuttles were prompt and ontime. I highly recommend this hotelfor any traveler who needs to be near the airport.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>zuttoman
<Content>Surprisingly nice for price and location The past three or four reviews have a theme that I'm going to echo -- I was delightfully surprised by the design of the remodel. I thought I was in a Westin, not a Sheraton and I certainly didn't expect that. The only reason I was staying there was because there weren't any rooms at the hotels I usually stayed at (Westin or Sheraton downtown). The service was great. The lobby glam. The only downside (or upside) is that it's right next to the airport. The planes didn't keep me up at night but I could hear them. If there's a reason that you need to be near LAX (or on the west side of 405) this hotel is a good choice.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>liketotravel89
<Content>Love the Gatewat Stayer here two different times in a week from April 13th-April 16 and again from April 21st to April 22nd. Stayed at this hotel last year and loved it, so we stayed there again. Our first stay we had a room on the 15th floor. The view was of the two runways, mainly 24L and R. The room was nice, a little bit of a different set up, the chair was against the inside bathroom wall,instead of against the window. The water pressure in the bathroom was low. We had access to the special room, where they had snacks available, as well as breakfast and dinner. The beds were awesome.Our second stay we had a room on the 12th floor. What a difference. My key didn't work, so we had to make a trip back down to the front desk. The view was of the 25L and R runways and of the parking lot. There was somebody else's hair on the toilet,which was kinda weird, and the room didn't have the awesomeness the room on the 15th floor had. The water pressure was much better, still not great, but much better then it was on the 15th floor.The front desk staff the first stay were great, but the girl we had the second time around was pleasant, but not as friendly as the others. She wasn't all that friendly when we asked for a new key, and when we asked if a free breakfast came as part of the reservation, which we had gotten before, and she gave us one, although didn't seem to be very happy doing so. We did use the workout room our first time around and it great.Our first stay only 2 of the 5 elevators were working, because a dance competition was using all the ballrooms and overloaded the elevators by a large amount. Second time around it appeared that 3 or 4 were working, but were still very shaky and slow.The valet guys were awesome.Will absolutely stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	5	5	

<Author>Corpuscle
<Content>Nice, if you can get it cheap enough This is the second time I stayed here. I was pretty happy the first time. Like the first time, I booked through Priceline (which calls this a 4-star hotel...that's awfully generous) for $80/night. The hotel seemed pretty busy when I checked in, so I guess they figured they could give a cheapskate Priceline customer one of the handicapped rooms. I asked for a new room, but they said they had no regular rooms available...right. The quality of their handicapped rooms is just not the same as their regular rooms. In addition to the cheap features in the bathroom (the tile and curtains in the shower reminded me of my days living in the dorms), there was a stain on the curtains, a big chip in the veneer on the furniture (yup...veneer furniture), a huge nasty yellow stain on the desk chair (needless to say I didn't sit on it) and a stain on the carpet. The walls are paper thin -- I could hear phone conversations from the next room at normal volume through the wall.Nevertheless, this place is a decent deal at about $75 per night...anything more and you'll probably be severly disappointed. Total ripoff at their standard rates. Definitely not a 4-star hotel.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>36000ft
<Content>Great Hotel! First of all this Sheraton just completed a multi-million dollar renovation and it shows. The lobby and check-in area very open and modern. Check-in was a breeze. The guest rooms feature the new Sheraton beds, excellent work area and a very nice large chair by the window. I used the fitness center and I must say it is one of the best, each machine has its own flat-screen tv and everyone gets their own pair of headphones. It overlooks the outdoor pool area which has poolside cabanas, palm trees, and in the evening poolside cocktail service. There is a full-service Starbucks just off the lobby and its a little oasis from the busy lobby. The airport shuttle is very frequent and depending on which terminal you can even walk. By far the best part of this hotel is the fact that you do not feel like you are right next to LAX.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Value_Al
<Content>Good hotel, but expected more from Sheraton. Would stay for same price. Got a hotel for about $119 through my employer's travel agent. (Rooms on web travel sites list $195). Picked this hotel because of location (meeting across the street) and the price I paid. Room was nice, but I expected more from a Sheraton and especially if I would have paid full price. Perhaps they give the nicer rooms to those who pay full price. Never understand why these hotels nickel and dime you for internet access. It is extra. Good choice for a hotel across from LAX. Free shuttle to the airport and a free shuttle to the $12 night parking (a bit of a walk if you don't want to wait for the shuttle. NOTE: There are spaces reserved on near the entrance for the Sheraton, but I did not see them until I had already parked and carried my 2 bags about 100 ft.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>da_kaz
<Content>Perfect for overnight stay before leaving Got a great deal via Hotwire. Very clean and modern hotel and room. Unloaded the family and luggage in the loading zone before returning my van to Enterprise and getting dropped off back at the hotel. I didn't want the hassle of returning our vehicle or pay for guest parking. We just ate the food we bought from a take-out restaurant in LA and slept in our room, then rushed out. I checked out by phone later. The room was quiet and of decent size. I would have liked more than the 10-15 or so TV channels, though. A small refrigerator would have been helpful too. We would have bought coffee at the downstair Starbucks if we had time. The close location to the airport and shuttle every 10 minutes was very comforting for a quick departure for a morning flight. My wife was right: if we had stayed where we were previously in Orange County, we would've ran into problems getting ready for and catching our flight. I'd definitely stay there again for an overnighter, but that's about it.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ELCHEAPEE
<Content>Good Gateway $129/night - nice room and decor. Excellent service. Had to catch a flight the next day, shuttle came very often. Valet is $13. Car rental places close by.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelerS7
<Content>Good choice at LAX booked this hotel on their website for a business trip. Triple AAA rate was $119, which certainly seemed a better deal than something like Priceline, given that I was guarenteed a no-smoking room.Shuttle from terminal to the hotel came quickly, and got us to the hotel quickly.Four of us booked separate rooms for the same meeting and we were all pleased. I asked for a quiet room when I booked, and when I checked in they noted my request and put me in an end room that was indeed very quiet. Check in was very pleasant.The room was large (though bathroom was small to average in size), with nice, soothing colors and furnishings. Very comfortable King bed with lots of pillows. The room was very clean. One minor rawback: there was high speed internet, but apparently not wireless (at least, I couldn't get my wireless to work but didn't try calling the desk to ask about it, since I was only there one night.)Only one of us had a car; she used the valet which she said was only slightly more than the park yourself option.Had dinner in Shula's, and recommend it, even for those not staying at the hotel.I would definitely stay again at the Triple AAA rate. One of the nicer options I've tried near LAX.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Writer/Director
<Content>Best hotel by LAX When flying out of LAX anytime before noon I always try and make it down the night before so I can have a decent night's sleep and avoid having to deal with traffic in addition to getting to the airport on time. I stayed at this hotel about a month prior and they were still doing lots of renovations. This time, all renovations on the floor I was on were finished and very nice. I was given a complimentary upgrade upon check-in because the room type I reserved was full. The service was quick and pleasant and my room was nice. I enjoyed the fact that the air conditioning system actually got down to 65 degrees (most hotels only get down to 70 or 72 no matter what you've set it at). I also enjoyed the steak at their restaurant and drinks at the bar. My one complaint was the lazy service at the bar. They have outdoor tables set up but the cocktail waiters only come out to see if you're doing okay once every 2 hours it seemed. Had they bothered to check on us more frequently we'd have spent more money and ordered more drinks. Bed was comfortable, slept great - and the hotel shuttle the next morning was nice. The shuttle driver, however,has a chip on his shoulder and I get the feeling he thinks the world owes him something and he hates his job. So he wasn't so happy to assist. But other than that, I'd say this is the ONLY nice place to stay at LAX. The only other place I've tried was the Raddisson which wasn't half as good as this.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>gridskipper
<Content>Fooled me twice!! The first time I stayed at this hotel, I resolved not to do so again. As luck would have it, we were paired up again on Priceline.Not much has changed since my last stay. Still a very dark, modern-looking hotel with terrible soundproofing. The parking situation seems to have improved, perhaps because the lot was less crowded so I didn't have to walk as far. I knew not to get room service this time.That said, I had a much worse experience than before. Why? They had no non-smoking rooms except on the club floor! I tried a smoking room once and the stench was awful. So I paid an extra $30 a night to stay on the top floor. The room was exactly the same. And although the woman at the desk was raving about the free breakfast, it was basically muffins and toast with some weak coffee. Next time I will bid an extra $30 in a different area to try to avoid the Sheraton, or just forget about Priceline altogether. How this place gets four stars is still beyond me!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>denealio
<Content>Beware when using Valet parking I took advantage of their Park  Fly package and had change stolen from my car. It's not the end of the world and thankfully just change, but it creeps me out that they went thru my car.I've read on other sites that this has happend to others, so I tell fellow TA users to BEWARE. (Hotel has not responded to my issue either)The hotel is very nice, and the interior design a welcome change from the corporate look of so many LAX hotels. It's ALMOST like a W Hotel.Rooms have been remodeled too. However, still no safes.The hotel is good a recognizing SPG Elite members.Shuttles to LAX seems to run often enough.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	4	1	2	

<Author>Helonskiis
<Content>Buyer Beware I was looking for a 4star, 2 rooms overnight, near LAX, for my husband  I, and my father and his companion, (in their 80's). Priceline doesn't guarantee they type of room; I know that. You request the type of room at the time of booking, and I requested non-smoking rooms at the time. A few days before our stay, I followed up with a phone call to the hotel to reconfirm that non-smoking rooms were requested. 'Gretchen' in reservations confimed this, and she did ensure our rooms were linked in the system (ie: across the hall)At no time was there any indication that we should be prepared for shoddy, worn out smelly rooms on the smoking floor (4th). . Or that renovations were ongoing in the hallway outside our rooms. Had I known in advance I could have made the decision to arrange another hotel and forfeited rooms at the Sheraton.At check-in, the front desk clerk also failed to mention that were were going to the smoking floor, until she handed me the key cards and I asked her that the rooms would be smoke-free. She appeared not to care less as she condescendingly stated well .. you know you are [just] a Priceline customer (Interestingly I did pay a little more than the AAA rate customers a couple of postings back).My father's companion wanted to take a bath, but when she looked in the tub, there was hard plaster stuck on the bottom of it.The venting in their room only had cold air, and when the fan came on dust and hairballs blew from the grate like a string of Tibetan prayer flags. There were dirty dishes from some previous occupant outside their room for our entire stay. The thin old blue houndstooth check carpet was full of bits of wallpaper and glue that clogged the wheels of my suitcase as I negotiated my way around workmen's pails and equipment on our way to the elevator in the morning.We did have dinner in the restaurant and it was very good. Besides, the atmosphere was a welcome relief from our rooms.This stay wasn't just disappointing, it was a horrible experience.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>realproperty
<Content>very nice hotel This is a very nice property very close to the airport. We stayed overnight both going to and returning from Tahiti. Check-in was fast, the rooms are updated and modern in design with an extremely comfortable king bed. It has a good upscale steakhouse (Shulass) as well as a general restaurant. It is within walking distance of other hotels that have branded restaurants as well. Be careful when booking and don't trust the internet. They quoted $219 a night as the cheapest rate available. When I called, they repeated $219 but when I asked for the AAA rate, it was $119 without batting an eye. For someone looking for a first class hotel right by the ariport, I found it an excellent deal for an excellent hotel.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bo94114
<Content>Good Airport Hotel Stayed here for 1 night.Hotel: Very un-Sheraton looking. Sleek  Modern on the inside. Doormen did not offer to help with the bags but I guess we looked like we did not need assistance. They were pleasant though. The front desk was very helpful at check in and check out. Nice pool area with whirlpool (had leaves in it) as well. There was a bar and 2 restaurants (1 AM and 1 PM) and a Starbucks. Shuttle to the airport very early in the morning was spot on.Room: Very nice. Horrible noise from the air con that the maintenance man fixed straight away. Comfy bed. TV had some sound issues. I could not get the broadband to work but that was my computers fault. Good size desk. Very little outside noise noticed. USA Today at the door in the morning. Adequate bathroom facilites and good towels. This is a good choice if you need a hotel at LAX.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>yyjguy
<Content>ideal for a layover A very clean comfortable hotel, ideal for an airport layover. No noise from aircraft or roadway. Very good value for the money.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>cre8tive921
<Content>A Pleasant Place to Stay I booked the hotel through Priceline.com at a resonable rate and I was blown away buy the customer service and pleasant atmosphere. The staff makes you feel welcomed. The rooms are very neat and clean. Maid service is very excellent. I would definetly stay again. It's right near the airport. The only downfall is parking... But other than that its very nice to stay close to the airport.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>demaagddb
<Content>Nothing special My husband I spent one night at this hotel and choose it for it's location near LAX. We arrived at about 9:30 PM and check-in took forever, even though there were just a few people in line. We had booked a club floor room, knowing that breakfast was offered on the floor beginning at 6AM. Our flight was due to leave at 8:55 AM and we had to return a rental car first.Upon taking the elevator up to the club floor, two other guests were complaining that their card to get to that floor hadn't worked the whole time they were there. My card worked on the elevator but not when I tried to get in my room!! I had to find a phone, call the front desk and then wait, and wait, and wait for a security guard to come and unlock the door. I ended up sitting on the floor next to the door for what seemed like forever (especially when you are tired!).The room itself was just okay. The bathroom was small. Not what I expected for a club floor room. Upon waking and hurrying to get some breakfast before our flight, we found the door locked and no sign of breakfast! (Breakfast was listed as being offered from 6AM to 9AM everyday on the club floor). We called the front desk at 6:10AM and were told that it was coming. Finally, at about 6:30AM, they opened the room and began to serve breakfast. We had to just grab a few things and go! Not the relaxing breakfast that we had planned on!Also, parking was a pain. The ramp for self-park was several blocks away and almost as expensive as valet.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>3	1	2	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Peggysuz
<Content>Comfortable Accommodations - Awkward Building As requested, I was given a non-smoking room with a runway view. The room itself seems ideally outfitted for the business traveller - desk, Internet, seating area, coffee maker, free shuttle to airport (every 15 minutes). My bed was big and outfitted with high quality linens and lots of pillows but the mattress was in bad condition. I didn't use the robe provided. Their business centre closed early on the day I stayed there and since I had no laptop with me was unable to access Internet. There was no obvious stairway connecting the lobby level to the business/conference room level on flight above; I felt lazy but took the elevator to go up and down one flight.Dinner in the Shula steakhouse restaurant was a relaxing but definitely upscale experience. A Caesar salad and their award-winning hamburger cost me $22 before tax and tip. It's a good thing the service and food were excellent! At the street corner outside the hotel, visitors can access a free hourly shuttle service to the Manhattan Beach area and mall - handy for those of us with time to fill and no cars.I do have to agree with other reviewers on the points about hotel staff service. They don't seem to be stressing warmth and welcoming attitudes.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>kiwitravelerpdx
<Content>Relaxing Airport Stay My partner and I spent an evening at the Sheraton Gateway before a next day flight to New Zealand. Customer service by everyone from the front desk to the hotel restaurant was friendly and efficient. The continuous airport shuttle was frequent and reliable. Our room was spacious (though the bathroom was comparatively small) with modern furnishings, very comfortable bed, and an entertaining view of the LAX runways.The overall feel of the public areas was like...an airport! The lobby and adjoining lounge were modern in design--clean, cool lines, but had little or no soundproofing. In the evening, the lounge pulsated with techno music and lots of twenty-somethings were drinking the night away. The noise level made it impossible to talk and relax. We arrived at the hotel late in the evening after flying in from Portland, OR and wanted to have a glass of wine before trying to sleep. We decided to take our wine back up to the room where relaxation was more likely.The fitness center is excellent with up-to-date and well maintained equipment. The room looks out over the pool area, which is nicely landscaped. When sitting by the pool, you can almost forget you're steps away from LAX. Only the roar of jets taking off and landing keep you in the moment.Overall, if staying at LAX is appropriate for your travel plans, the Sheraton Gateway makes a great choice!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>abhetrck
<Content>Very Clean This Hotel was very nice but very snobby,my grandsons had gone down to the pool,they were 17 and 14 and was told by someone (prob. Someones body guard) that they couldn't touch the side of the pool and could not come near these 4 people (the only other ones in the pool) nor talk to them,don't know who they were but no one's that important.My daughter was right behind them and they wern't doing anything but this guy just kept on them.We arrived around 9:00pm and nothing was open,we hadn't had supper yet. I was sure glad we were only going to be there that night and only did so because it was at the airport.As far as looks and cleanness goes,I would give it a 5 star but as far as staff and help goes,it only deserves a 4 or maybe even a 3.The staff was also very snobby and not helpful at all.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	3	1	

<Author>gstabc
<Content>Room With a Runway View!       Our room  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RWC99
<Content>Nice, reliable business hotel, close to LAX Stayed at this hotel for business for 4 nights - Sat - Wed. Room is basic Sheraton but comfortable, beds were wonderful. Bathroom is ok, not the nicest, but got the jobs done! Starwood Lounge was nicely appointed, with free Internet access, fax, and printer. The breakfast spread looked good, but did not partake. The afternoon snack always had sandwiches, cheese  crackers, veggie  dip, and a hot pasta dish. Also free sodas and bottled water (cash bar for beer  liquor) and fresh whole fruit (banana, apple, oranges). Perfectly serviceable for a snack before a late dinner. Bar in lobby was great, plenty of bartenders so you didn't have to wait too long to be served, also table service if you didn't want to sit at the bar. You can also bring drinks to sit poolside (very lovely).Schulers restaurant is a good, basic steakhouse. Stick to the steaks, and skip the best burger in LA. Overall, was a pleasant stay for 4 days of business.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>JFulton
<Content>Very nice hotel. Better than expected We booked on hotwire and gt a good price, but after reading the reviews, I was afraid we had made a mistake.Boy, was I wrong. We checked in late (10pm) and the check in was efficient and the room we had asked for was ready. Room was much better than expected, modern and very clean. In fact, I stayed at a 5 star resort recently that had more amenities but this room was much nicer. If you are looking for a nice place to stay close to LAX, this place would be hard to beat.One tip. If you want to pay for valet parking, its expensive. If you don't mind walking, park in the self parking in back and save $10-15. They offer an in and out rate for hotel guests, but if you just need to park and leave the car there, don't mention you are a hotel guest and pay even less.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>pinkwater
<Content>Fabulous, contemporary hotel This hotel was fantastic! I was bummed we only stayed one night. We booked this hotel because we wanted to make sure to get to the airport early the next day. This hotel is super close to the terminal. The hotel shuttle leaves every 10 minutes and the ride is only about 2 minutes. The staff was very friendly. We drove up in our rental car and the valet let us park the car there temporarily while we checked in to the hotel and took our bags up to our room. The hotel room looked exactly like the photo, same color scheme, mirrors, beds, etc. The room was large for two queen beds. There were down comforters on each bed with four pillows. We had a great view of the pool below so we could see when it was empty. We went down and soaked in the hot tub for about an hour since nobody was around. The pool area is very clean and upscale with double chaise lounges with thick cushions to lay on. The pool was heated but not as much as we would have liked so we stayed in the hot tub. There were lots of lounge chairs and cabana's to enjoy. A few people were dining inside the cabana's enjoying some privacy and the great outdoor setting. We would definitely stay here again since we got a great rate at $89/night (Saturday night) through Hotwire.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>honestonly
<Content>Horrible hotel Very bad service, forced me to stay in smoking room despite that they had a nonsmoking available and stated that the manager is out on the weekend and can not help me. They stated that my rate of $150 a night gives me only a smoking room and the nonsmoking rooms are reserved for higher rate, despite that they are standard rooms. Very nasty hotel with horrible manners. this is the first time I have a had a bad hotel experience. Enjoy your trip somewhere else.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>NaMacD2
<Content>Better Than I Expected I booked one night for the end of a California road trip before departing LAX, and received a very good rate via my company's travel site. I dropped our rental car off at Avis, and walked to the hotel (about 8 blocks). My daughters and I loved our room - simple but luxurious bedding, nice bath, great night view, and quiet. But the best part was the room service meal. The Sheraton offers room service for FREE if it's not delivered within thirty minutes; ours was at our door in 22 minutes. Pretty good in such a large hotel! And it was nice and hot, beautifully displayed and delicious!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>BenoitChartier
<Content>Exactly what you should expect What you would expect from a Sheraton. Clean rooms, ok check-in, no problem, but nothing memorable. Nice if you can get a deal, like on Priceline or Hotwire, otherwise may be a bit expensive.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good as a priceline option This hotel is worth it for the priceline deal of about $85. I wouldnt be overly impressed if id paid the full rate though. The rooms, like most airport hotels are showing signs of ageing. Although the beds are very comfortable. The bathroom is very small. For a layover or just a good nights sleep after a long flight this hotel is fine. Although dont consider anything near LAX for your vacation.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>experience.travel
<Content>Nice but expensive       View from the hotel room (top floor)  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>quin-i-bog
<Content>A bit less than average! Stayed here on a stopover between London and Sydney on June 7th 2006. The hotel is close to the airport with a free shuttle every 15 minutes, so I guess you could say that it is convenient. The beds and bedding are nice too - after that I'm struggling to find anything good to say. The check in process was painfully slow - not what you need after a long flight. There was no offer of assistance with baggage or directions given to the room. The bedroom was very disappointing small and dark- but probably not as poor as the Club Lounge which turned out to be a small sitting room with a coffee machine in it!Bathroom amenities were meagre, no separate shower but a half size bath with shower tap over. Having paid a reasonable amount for this executive room we were very disappointed and would not trouble this hotel with our custom in the future.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gateway to Mediocrity First of all, we booked our room on Hotwire, who guaranteed us a 3.5 star hotel. After arriving, I was told I could have a King / Smoking or 2 Queens / Non-Smoking, but my preferred King/Non-Smoking was not available, so 2 Qs it was.The bathroom's toilet dispenser was nearly falling off the wall - the tub in the shower looked like someone had spilled acid in the base of it. The coffee pot didn't work and needed to be replaced, as did a light bulb and the tv remote batteries.Obviously they reserve this room for their special Hotwire customers!Now to the service we received here: the breakfast restaurant was fine, very cheerful, prompt, and the food was good. $40 for breakfast was a bit much, but it was our first day, so we weren't quibbling. Later that afternoon we tried to get a drink and food at one of the lounge tables, but with only one entirely inadequate cocktail waitress on a Saturday afternoon, we finally had to go to the bar to pay $20 for a vodka martini and a virgin bloody mary. Yikes! When we finally got our food, it was good, however - one of the best quesadillas I've ever had.The next night we ate at Shula's 347, thbe beautiful hotel steakhouse. Now, it was a Sunday night - not busy at all - and there were diners interspersed throughout the restaurant, but nobody sitting too close to anybody else. We were sat at a table for two in an otherwise deserted part of the restaurant - deserted, that is, until the hostess sat a man with his 5 year old daughter RIGHT NEXT TO US and then promptly seated a single guy who must have gotten his lobster eating technique from Darryl Hannah in Splash - yes, he crunched his way through the tail, then spit the shell out on the plate. Granted, his dining habit wasn't the hostesses fault, nor was the whining 5 year old, but her placement in a sparsely populated restaurant left MUCH to be desired.So while Dad and the kid worked thier way through $5 of mac n cheese, our $140 meal was ruined. It doesn't take much brains or training to spread the groupings around. The waitress forgot the wine, the bus person wanted to take our plates every five minutes, even when we weren't done. The food was good - very good, in fact. Such a shame their customer service left us with a bad taste in our mouths.Oh, and then there was the $50 room service breakfast of lox and english muffins (not a bagel, as the menu said) and a $12 croissant and cup of coffee. One shouldn't expect to get off cheaply on room service, but when you're paying those kind of prices, one should expect the order to be right and adequately substantial.$21 a day for valet parking was a bit much as well. But hey - the maid did a great job cleaning the brokedown palace!We'll never stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Pullman1
<Content>Mediocre This is an adequate hotel. Its advantages are its friendly, can-do staff and its convenient location. Although the building is in good repair for the most part, the public spaces on the main floor are big, empty, and anonymous: all the charm of an empty barn. The rooms are middle-of-the-pack functional. The good news is that mine was comfortable, well-equipped, and recently redecorated. On the other hand, water pressure was a problem, and hot water was in short supply some of the time. Along with several other people on my floor, I could never get a swipe card that reliably opened my door. Tried several different cards, but ended up unable to enter my own room on more than one occasion.Unless you want to use room service, the only on-site restaurant for dinner is a pretentious steak house where the waiters have airs, the food is only middling good, and the prices are steep.Do not waste money on the club floor. The amenities in the club lounge are very, very modest -- nothing like the generous food and stylish furniture available in the club lounge at the nearby Renaissance.This is on balance an OK hotel. The hot water and room-key problems I encountered were serious, but probably fixable. But nothing about this hotel rises above the ordinary, and to me it has no warmth whatsoever. The nearby Renaissance is far better.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Got off to a bad start... I was looking last minute for my husband and I to stay prior to an early morning departure out of LAX. I decided to give Hotwire a try after not finding anything cheaper than $159/night - especially last minute. I found out that we were booked at this hotel and was excited after hearing so many great reviews. It was approximately $125/night (including taxes,etc.). Also, my husband is a Starwood Preferred Guest, so I assumed that things would go well. I called the hotel prior after booking to find out what kind of room we had, and that front desk said that we were booked in a non-smoking king room. The night of our arrival, we were exhausted from last minute travel preparations. We got to the front desk and I hate to say it, but felt like we were treated like second class. First of all, the boy at the front desk told us that we could not received SPG points because we booked through a third party provider. I was okay with that, knowing that we did get a lower rate. He then questioned us on how much we got the room for and told us that was a really good rate for that hotel. I told him that I called the hotel and we were told we had a non-smoking king room. He then said that we were not down for that type of room and that we were lied to and that they always say that. He said that he didn't know who we talked to, but they just say that. He then acted like he was doing us a huge favor by giving us the non smoking king. We then asked about parking validation or payment and he said that the hotel doesn't have self parking, only valet; but that the hotel just happens to be affliated with the parking lot in back. He said that if we are hotel guests, it would be $13.00/day parking rate. However, if I wasn't staying at the hotel, it is a $10.00/day rate. He then chided us, saying that next time, we should look at sheraton's web site and that we could have gotten a better park and fly rate, and that it really wasn't that expensive. By this point, I was so disappointed that he had decided to make us feel cheap and not worth staying there. I really was scared that our vacation was going to get off to a bad start. The room was great, couldn't hear a thing, but I was glad to get out of there the next morning. We left our car in the parking lot for convenience sake, and after returning from our vacation, didn't mention the Sheraton.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing We just returned from a combination business/family trip to California and stayed the last night near LAX due to early departure. We booked and paid in advance for a room at the Sheraton. Our room reservation was downgraded (no of beds). This was not disclosed at check-in. When questioned, the reason given was that room was booked thru Expedia. I was offered a rollaway bed - free of charge for my inconvenience. I was required to call the front desk 2 more times to get the bed delivered and twice more with an one hour's wait to get pillows. If that weren't enough there was a dead roach in the shower.I also had a similar experience at a Sheraton in Boston last fall. I will not be staying in anymore Sheraton hotels.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>MetMan
<Content>As good as the prior reviews The Sheraton Gateway has strong review on Trip Advisor and I found out that it is worthy of the ratings that other travelers have given it.I had a very large room, an awesome corporate rate of $100 a night and it was very quiet, I couldn't hear the planes at all.The bed was comfortable, although I thought the raves on prior postings were a little extreme. It was nice, but certainly not the best ever.The best ever? Their workout facility was the best I've seen in a hotel in some time. Completely the opposite of the nasty little room at the Nashville Sheraton. Only complaint is the price of room service food, which I suppose is a reflection of LA. I got around that by going downstairs to Starbuck's and picking up sandwiches down there. Lunch sandwiches are $12-14 and when you add in a drink, taxes and tip you're going to be looking at $25 in a heartbeat.All in all, a very solid hotel!  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shoechick
<Content>Great Stay - loved the Bed. We just returned for our california trip and spent one night at LAX due to our late arrival. We booked the Sheraton and were not disappointed. They upgraded us to a suite that could have entertained 50 of your closest friends. Someone below mentioned the beds...they were the best...even after 3 nights at the St. Regis, this Sheraton beat them hands down on bed comfort. Very convenient and a great stay.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JSmith75
<Content>Very Nice Stayed here for three nights 27th Apr - 30th Apr 2006 and found this to be a very nice hotel. Rooms were large, clean and comfortable. Found the staff helpful. Used Starbucks which was handy to have in the hotel and the staff were always friendly. Ate at Shulas and the food was good. Thought the prices were comparable if not better than a lot of airport hotels I have stayed in around the world. Didn't find the noise a problem, we were on 6th floor, not sure if this makes a difference? Used the self parking which cost $14 a day and found this acceptable. The area was manned and well lit at night. You can walk back to the hotel, maybe takes 2-3 mins or wait for the courtesy bus back to the hotel.Airport bus service is very good and runs every 10-15 mins 24hours a day. The drivers were always pleasant and took our cases on and off the bus. Did not have any negative experiences whilst staying here.Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OMG The Bed I only stayed one night but I will remember the bed forever. Wow. LAX is only a 5-10 minute shuttle ride away but the room was very quiet. Another plus, the shuttle is free. And the breakfast buffet was excellent. Only one problem, the table in the room was not bolted onto the base. A very wobbly concern. Called the front desk to let them know about the problem but nothing happened... again I was only there for one night, slept like a baby.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ed40
<Content>If this is the best they can do, I'm not impressed I expected better from Sheraton but I guess airport hotels care less about regular customers. We were pushed into a smoking room and the reception desk was reluctant to give us a non-smoking room as requested when booking (they did with little grace). While the room was clean enough, the bathroom could do with some attention - the shower handle came off in my hand. Service was indifferent - ordered breakfast for two from room service and got only one (the second one came twenty minutes later). The only thing that worked well was the restaurant. There are plenty of hotels to choose from at LAX, the Sheraton is no longer on my list.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this Place I stayed here in March of 2006 while returning from my honeymoon if fiji. The hotel staff was wonderful and the hotel upgraded us to a junior suite. The staff was some of the best that I have ever dealt with. The hotel is close to the airport and runs a free shuttle from and to the airport. This was nice especially the day that we were flying out. The junior suite was large and the bed was the most comfortable of all the beds that I slept on during my trip. This is a great hotel with an excellent staff.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>It'sFiji4us
<Content>If for the bed alone.. My new husband and I stayed here for the last two days of our exotic honeymoon. After traveling in the South Pacific, we were just looking for something nice to finish off our trip. I must say that while we truly enjoy luxury hotels, Sheraton is quickly becoming a favorite of ours if for it's 'heavenly bed' alone. These beds are AMAZING!! The hotel is nice, but the rooms are quite comfortable, the beds as I already said are amazing, and the concierge at this hotel in particular is truly par none!! He knew us by name from the first day and always had things 'just so' for us. Truly exceptional! Not only that, but I must say that the management of this particular hotel is very professional! We selected this hotel on priceline and yet when they knew we were staying there as part of our honeymoon, they quickly upgraded us to a Junior Suite at no charge. This was a very pleasant surprise and we were quite impressed. Overall I would say very nice hotel, very convenient to the airport, and very professional!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'll Go to the Crown Point Plaza down the street next time!!! After staying at the Crown Point Plaza down the street I will NOT be staying at the Sheraton Gateway ever again! The used silverware and dirty napkins laying in the hall during the majority of my stay should have been my first clue about the quality and upkeep of this overated hotel. After using the phone to make toll free calls we were informed that toll free is not so toll free at the Sheraton Gateway. At $2.00 a call (whether you connect or not) it gets expensive to make toll free calls. I can understand charging for long distance...At approx. $10 a minute I will use my cell phone instead...After speaking to management (rude management of course) they informed us that toll free was not complimentary (even though they failed to label it on the phone). The management acted as though $2.00 isn't much but when I asked for $2.00 of his own personal money he acted as though I was asking for his life. I am not worried about the $2.00, but the fact that a supposed reputable hotel did not label items (which at other hotels are complimentary) that cost money is what bothers me. If they would have cleaned the room a little better I probably wouldn't have been in such a mood either. After looking at pictures from other reviews I have concluded that this was not just a hit and miss thing. I can't wait to check into the Crown Point or any other quality hotel in the vicinity the next time I am in L.A.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>4star-at-2star-price
<Content>A 4* stay at a 2* price.       Comfy king bed  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>balimontana
<Content>Best Hotel in LAX area The Sheraton LAX is my favorite airport area hotel in LA. I connect to Asia frequently via LAX and spend overnights at this hotel. It is recently renovated, spotlessly clean and has excellent room service.The only irritating point is the lack of mini-bars in the room.They treat their Starwood Preferred Guest Platinum members very well and I have always been upgraded to a suite upon arrival.The shuttle service from LAX to the hotel and back never takes more than 15 minutes. The Sheraton LAX is very close to the airport. Super convenient and a real pleasure. Much better than the Westin LAX airport which I have found to be older, more dated and has smaller suites.Highly recommended for those LAX overnights!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChristianK
<Content>Great location next to LAX If you arrive after a long distance flight at LAX the Sheraton Gateway is a wonderful choice. We paid for a room with starwood points and upgraded for $50 to a suite with view on the runway!The hotel pool area is just wonderful for an airport hotel, same is true for the restaurant and bar not to mention the Starbucks. Parking is easy in case you dont want to pick-up your rental car the next day. Very enjoyable place to stay the night before or afterwards! The room was big and very quiet.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mikeandcris
<Content>Nice, clean, friendly hotel Stayed here one night with my son on Dec 27. We picked this hotel ONLY because of it's proximity to LAX because he loves flying and watching aircraft land and take off. In fact, we specifically requested a room with a view of the air traffic. The receptionist was very friendly and put us in room on the 10th floor facing north. The room was decorated in a modern style and very clean. It was not very big, but certainly not small. The beds were soft and the bath room was nice with plenty of towels. The workout area has about 10 cardiovascular machines, each with it's own TV screen. The bar is comfortable. The pool was about 80 degrees and comfortable. We moved to a different room after I walked around and found that the view to the south (which has more traffic noise...but not enough to disturb you) had a better view of the airport. The receptionist was very friendly and helpful in finding a room with a southern view.  Overall, I'd stay again (especially via the Priceline price I got.) Parking is a bit steep at $13.50 overnight.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, Friendly and Convenient The Sheraton Gateway Hotel at Los Angeles Airport was not bad. I was traveling with my husband and we checked in, got a smoking room (smoking rooms are available on the 4th floor only) and was fast and friendly. I found the room to be clean and comfortable; however, the window does not open and was dirty. The only real negative issue I found was that telephone access charge. Pretty ridiculous. I would not recommend using the telephone in the room unless you want to pay $30.00 for a local telephone call that was under a minute of use. The parking situation could be better, but I felt the walk none the less could not have hurt us any. If you are staying as a guest at the Sheraton, parking is $10.00/per day. Shula's 347 restaurant in the hotel was just fabulous not to mention very convenient. I would more than likely stay at this hotel again when in Los Angeles.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Neilbond007
<Content>Good hotel right by the airport Stayed at the Sheraton for 1 night to split up a AKL to LHR plane journey.Booked 2 rooms for 67 each inc tax. a real bargain!we got the hotel at around 11.30am due to the arrival time of the aircraft from NZ. myself and my work colleague decided to try our luck to see if there were any rooms available.we were first told that there were only smoking rooms avaialble. i asked if we could take a look at them to see how bad they smelt. i was informed we couldn't.we were then offered 2 disabled rooms. the only difference being that they didn't have a tub, just a lrge shower.after a 12 hour flight all we needed was a bed! we took these.the rooms were on the 12th floor overlooking LAX.rooms were superb.there is some noise from aircraft, but it's an airport hotel!! i'm a light sleeper and it didn't keep me awake.the hotel bar is ok. very dark!checked out at 12pm. by 12.02 we were at the gate at terminal 2!all in all, a superb choice for a lay over.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent and well decorated hotel, comfortable, new, but a little noisy This hotel has been remodeled and the rooms/lobby look modern and nice. The room was clean and we had a view of the airport, which we liked, but was noisy at night. You can hear the planes even with the ac/fan on. The starbucks to be opened on the lobby floor is a plus. However, the hotel charges $12 for parking I think.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Runner0382
<Content>Nice remodel, fantastic beds, nicest hotel at LAX! The new Sheraton Gateway, after an extensive lobby overhaul, the addition of the overpriced but above-average Shula's, and room renovation (but not the bathrooms) is a pleasant place to stay. Like many reviewers state, it's a bit cold - check the pics - greys, blues, and black. While it's a modern feel that looks contemporary, it doesn't feel welcoming, but that will change once you try the new beds, the best part of the renovation. The pool area is fine, small, shaded, andclose to the runways (only the Radisson sits closer), but you won't hear much noise from the room. This hotel is a good deal if you're not looking for a warm feel and can spend between $70-100 through Hotwire or LastMinuteTravel. Also, be aware - parking is a nightmare, valet is good but expensive, and street spots are non-existent. The Sheraton's the newest remodel in the area at the 4 star level, far nicer than the Westin, Marriot, or Crowne Plaza.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>barnowl54
<Content>A great stay We stayed here as part of a conference deal and really enjoyed our visit. The shuttle from the airport was prompt and easy to find. We arrived before midday after a very long and tiring flight from Sydney and were afraid we'd have to wait for our room. Check in was quick and staff were very couteous. The room was ready straight away. We had a lovely room over looking the pool area and the airport runways. There was very little noise for a hotel so close to such a busy airport. The room was very tastefully furnished and very clean.The Concierge(s) was very helpful and would go out of his way to give good advice. He even advised us that we could buy tickets to the Dodgers' game on the internet far cheaper than he could get them for us. The hotel shop had a good range of essentials and some of their souveniers were cheaper than in the downtown stores. My son and husband spent a lot of time at the pool area. The pool was clean and the hot tub was also well maintained. There were always staff on hand to replenish towels and generally keep an eye on everything. The towels were large grey and white striped beach towels which was a very nice touch. We did not eat at Shulas but did use the bar menu to eat by the pool. The menu was limited but the food was good as was the food ordered from room service. The room service staff were delightful. We did not eat at the Sushi Bar either as we are not huge fans but it seemed popular. Breakfast from the buffet was good and plentiful and we felt it was very reasonably priced.This hotel is located a long way from anywhere except the airport which is a disadvantage for a long stay as cab fares are horrendous - $45 one way to Dodgers' Stadium. A car would have been helpful and we would rent one if we were staying for the same period of time next time. However, bus fares are cheap and a ride to Santa Monica or Long Beach is $1.50 round trip. A trip to Downtown LA will cost $3.00 for an all day pass. The bus station is 5 minutes walk behind the hotel. Make sure you have the exact money.We also found that it was easy to walk up Sepulveda Ave to the shops - about 20 minutes walk - or the bus will take you there also. There are quite a few cafes, department stores and supermarkets there.We also got wise and checked out the neighbouring hotels for more food choices. If you are desperate, there is a Subway outlet next door and other fast food outlets close by.My only gripe with this fine hotel was that when I ordered a cup of tea by the pool, I was charged $4.00 for a very small pot of semi boiling water and a tea bag!We stayed at a neighbouring hotel on our night before returning to Australia, and believe me, the Sheraton wins hands down. Everything at the Sheraton is professional and we were always treated with the utmost respect.A tip:If you are clastophobic as I am, elevators are always a bother. The elevator doors at the Sheraton Gateway are slow at opening, so don't panic!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sra225
<Content>Hotel very nice We stayed here the last night of our California vacation. When we arrived about 9 p.m. the clerk said she had no clean double non-smoking rooms available, so she upgraded us to a suite. The room was spacious and clean and remodeled. Asked for more towels, they came right away. Breakfast buffet the next day was one of the more reasonably priced hotel buffets ($15 for adults and $6.50 for kids) and very very good, both hot and cold. We were very satisfied with this room  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible!!! Just terrible!       dirty sheets  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>mostly nice surprises Booked this through priceline for $55, so my expectations weren't unrealistic. The room was surprisingly nice, in cool grey tones. Had the Sheraton sweet sleeper bed, and new bedding and carpet. The bathroom was standard, updated decor, but appeared to be original bathtub/shower. Did not use the parking, but the airport shuttle was prompt and efficient. Had time in the morning to look around a little, and I must say that the pool area is as nice as any I've seen at an airport hotel. The only unpleasant surprise was a problem at Shula's with bugs floating in my cocktail. Apparently they had gotten into the liquor bottle. The restaurant manager was apologetic, and took appropriate action to remedy the situation.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hardly a 4-star The first rude awakening was that the valet parking was full. I was forced to park in the hotel's off-site parking lot, where they charge more for hotel guests with in and out priveleges ($13/day) than someone not staying at the hotel ($11/day). You'd think they'd give their hotel guests a break. Since I am a woman and I was travelling by myself, I didn't relish having to hike back to the hotel late at night from the parking lot. They have a shuttle from the parking lot to the hotel, but you still have to sit at the shuttle stop for quite a while until the shuttle comes. The second night I stayed, the valet parking was also full.The reception check-in was extremely rude. I had purchased the hotel stay on Priceline and this proved that internet-paying guests are treated poorly. He said he couldn't guarantee a non-smoking room since I had booked through the internet. I told him that there was no way I could have a smoking room since 1) I'm allergic to smoke and 2) I'm 4 months pregnant. He happened to have two non-smoking rooms left.When I arrived at the room, the carpets were damp as if they had just been cleaned. When I called to complain, they said they'd send someone up to dry them. Housekeeping came up with a tiny fan that was meant to somehow dry the entire room of its damp floors. I told them I didn't think that would work and asked if they could just set down towels.I ordered room service and both the woman who took my order and the delivery man were very friendly and professional. After the bad experience I had so far, I really appreciated it.The room was clean, but definitely no-frills. Very few amenities -- not even bottled water in the room or a mini bar. The bathroom was looking very worn -- cracks in the tub and the the sink did not drain well.The next morning I had breakfast at The Brasserie. The service was very good.Besides their food service, this hotel should make a lot of improvements before it can call itself a 4-Star hotel.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>usafan
<Content>Good stay at the airport! We enjoyed our stay at the Sheraton Gateway. Large, clean rooms and the beds were very comfortable. They were the best beds during our 21-day round trip.The only negative i can say about this hotel is the parking situation. They have no self parking lot, only valet. They have no check in parking available, so you have to carry your luggage from the nearby airport parking lot or discuss with the valet parking personal to get 5 minutes to unload.The whirlpool also wasn't very good. So, choose this hotel as an airport hotel for the night before or after your flight, for that it couldn't be better. But it is not a resort-like hotel to stay more than a few days.All in all, it was a good experience and i recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Airport Hotel Booked through priceline for $85/night. Rooms are large and very clean. Beds are fantastic! Free shuttle to and from airport is convenient. This hotel is one of the closest to airport terminals, so not ideal if our planning on staying in LA for a while, but for a good nights sleep after a long flight this is a great choice.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceeded our expectations and would stay there again I booked 3 nights through Hotwire for my husband and me and wound up with a non-smoking king room on the top floor directly across from the Sheraton Club Lounge (temporarily located in the Presidential Suite). Our room was $51 per night (plus tax) and allowed us access to the continental breakfast and lunch buffet in the lounge, even though we are not club members. Free internet use in the lounge. Also free newspaper delivered outside our door. The top floor was accessible on the elevator with a special room key. Check-in service and concierge assistance were both top-notch. Room was kept clean and bed was comfy. We could see LAX runways from our room, but noise (either external or from within the building) was never a problem. We dined at Shula's twice. Excellent food and service, albeit pricey. Hotel shuttle service was prompt and always reliable. Our experience exceeded our expectations, especially considering what we paid.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'll Stay Here Again From the very courteous valet attendants to the complimentary Sunday newspaper at my doorstep, my stay was perfect. The room decor was very nice, the beds were extremely comfortable, with minimal noise from airlplanes overhead. The rates were just right. Especially for the weekend. I'll definitely make Sheraton Gateway my first choice when I visit Los Angeles again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Close to Airport Positive Remarks1 Stayed at the Sheraton one night in July, great that its only 10 minutes from the airport on the shuttle bus. 2 The rooms were clean and we got a very comfortable super king bed. Negative Remarks 1 We didn't hear much plane noise, however we could hear the people next door and their tv. We were exhausted after our 10.5 hour flight so would have expected better sound proofing from this highly rated hotel.2 The bathroom's toilet roll holder was coming off the wall.3 Shular 357 is over priced - $10 for a bottle of sparkling mineral water! 4 Receptionist not very friendly/helpful as she insisted on taking my hotel voucher and only after my insistence would she give me a photo copy.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bp4559
<Content>Good, but could be better One walk through the facility and you would say this place gets a 5 star review, but upon further review there were little problems that kept adding up, which ultimately resulted in me giving it 4 stars. The parking here is a nightmare, valet is expensive and although self parking is cheaper (13 dollars per day) it is annoying. Many times we grabbed the last or next to the last spot. There were several times when there was a long line waiting to get out and the situation became disorganized. Another problem is housekeeping, it took them forever to do our room, it was 1:30 in the afternoon and it still wasn't done. The elevators were broken during our time there, it wasn't that bad of a problem for us because we were on the third floor, but it could become a big problem for someone on a higher floor. Another thing I didn't like about this place was that the shower head was too low and I nearly hit my head on it a couple of times and I'm only 5-6. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the pool area was very good as well. What's good is you can order drinks and take them out by the pool. The pool tended to get crowded in the afternoon.The room service food was good and I also liked the bar there too. One thing about room service that I really liked was it is 24 hours, which is great when you are looking for something to eat at midnight. Shula's was expensive but the steak was good. I heard the planes a couple of times but it was nothing that was distracting.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Bob045
<Content>We can give you a bed for only $50 more! I booked my reservation on Priceline a few hours before arriving at the hotel. When I arrived I was told that the hotel was sold out. I could either have a room with a sofabed or I could pay $50 more for a room with a bed. Despite explaining to the front desk clerk that this was totally unaceptable she refused to budge and was less than pleasant. Upon return I spoke to Priceline and they refunded my money.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A surprisingly nice hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Stay We stayed at the Gateway for 4 night attending a Family Reunion. I have nothing but great things to say about this hotel. Got a special rate of $99.00 per night, loved the decor, slept like a baby on the sweet sleeper and the staff was really friendly. Spent the most relaxing day out by the pool with margarita in hand after most of the guest checked out on Sunday. The food at the hotel restaurants was really good but overpriced. My only complaint was the parking fee $20.00 valet but the valet service was excellent. The cheaper lots around the hotel don't have in-and-out access, so you have to pay each time you leave. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>italingua
<Content>Better than expected First stay since the renovation. Has a nice, almost W type vibe to it, and the staff was very nice (sending faxes for me for free after the business center closed). Much more than I expected for a Sheraton, and for any hotel near LAX. If you want a vacation hotel, you probably don't want to lounge at the pool with planes wizzing by all day. But if you want a convenient business hotel with good amenities, great location (minutes to Santa Monica, LAX of course, etc.) you can do much worse.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>beasttraveler
<Content>I don't think so! I'm tired just thinking about our stay at the Sheraton this past weekend. Slept awful, the bed was on the nicer side, but there was a problem with our room, a high-pitched whine was coming from the temp console that made you feel like you had a really, REALLY bad inner ear problem. The engineers who came were pleasant but couldn't fix the problem. The hotel was booked solid and we couldn't be moved to another room, which is unfortunate, but understandable. The three of us slept, such as we could, with pillows sandwiched between our ears. Other complaints: The tub drained super slow, what I would expect from Motel 6, not the Sheraton. The toilet handle had a tendency to get stuck. And, we could hear every noise from the adjacent rooms, and the sound of running down the hallway the floor above, well past midnight. You can hear everything! Thin walls, who are these tripadvisors saying the rooms are soundproof, they ARE SO NOT!Upon checkout the next morning, we told the front desk about our wretched night's sleep and she said sorry and reassured us they would look into it, which you know, that isn't the point, that the NEXT people in the room the following night are going to sleep fine, bewildering response.---We wanted compensation for staying in the night in a room that was not of the same quality as the other rooms, surely you should not have to pay full price! She was not rude, but she wasn't very warm or helpful either. We finally spoke to the manager, who in the end, gave us a free room in the form of equivalent number of Starwood points, for the next time we stay at a Sheraton, but it will not be the Sheraton Gateway. One HUGE benefit was the next morning, when we awoke and were megagroggy, asking my boyfriend for an extra large cup of very strong coffee, and he promptly went down to the Starbucks in the lobby and brought it back to the hotel room. So if you have no choice but to stay here and don't sleep well, there's always caffeine to get you through the next day.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>gabirds
<Content>Very depressing hotel. Having read all the reviews before booking I was very disappointed with this hotel.Considering the price range I expected more from this very ordinary Sheraton.Pick up and delivery shuttle was punctual.Lobby area is very dark and depressing, as is there choice of furniture.The two dining options run to Starbucks at the bottom of the range to Shulas at the other end. So you either have a $3 danish or a $40 steak.Unfortunately apart from a Subways there are no walking options ouside the hotel.Rooms were functional but not Sheraton standard.No in room safe, mini bar, etc. Beds and linens were great. Room furniture was minimal and spartan. Bathrooms small and dated.Pool area that another reviewer called 'resort like', I would hate to see the resorts that he is vacationing at.Pool was shaded and dark, on the small side, no atmosphere.Overall a 'nothing experience' staying here. Functional but not inspiring. Similar experience to an interstate motel, you get a bed for the night, but forget the hotel as soon as you leave.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Travelgirlatl
<Content>Great option near the airport! We spent two nights here in June, on the first and last days of a weeklong trip. We actually booked the room through Priceline for $100 a night, which was a great deal! The hotel has been very recently renovated, and as a previous reviewer stated, it is indeed urprisingly cool? There a Starbucks in the lobby, which is very convenient for that early morning caffeine fix. Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel if you need to stay by the airport.Rooms A As Starwood gold members, we hoped for an upgrade, but there were none available. However, the standard guestrooms were actually quite nice. They are not large, but well decorated and very comfortable. Standard Starwood heavenly beds, but with a dark blue duvet instead of the usual stark white. The rooms look exactly like the ones shown on the website, which is rare! The windows are triple paned, and we did not hear so much as a whisper of a plane taking off or landing. Both rooms we had overlooked the pool, though, so I can say how the noise would be on the other side of the building.Service AThe valets were quick, the bellmen did not complain one bit about the insane amount of luggage we had with us, and the woman who checked us in both nights was very quick and courteous. Our wakeup calls came right on time, which is always good am always surprised at how many hotels can seem to get this right!Bar A We came here for dinner and drinks both nights, and enjoyed it. The mojitos were great, and the food is pretty impressive (taste-wise) for bar fare. The first night we ordered nachos for an appetizer, which were so enormous we didn need any dinner! Don remember what else we ordered, but it was all good. The service is fast and generally friendly, and it is nice to be able to take your drinks and wander out by the pool to relax on a cushy chaise lounge ?Business Center A The woman working at the desk in here was very helpful and friendly, and they seemed to have anything a business traveler could possibly need. Free coffee, too!Pool A There are lots of lounge chairs, and well as padded benches and several cabanas. You can get bar service out here as well, which is nice. We saw several planes fly overhead, but somehow could just barely hear them!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Theresehols
<Content>Excellent hotel This was an excellent hotel. Really comfortable beds and classy decor. Only one complaint and that was the restaurant was very pricey.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>swirlinabc
<Content>Very nice hotel Hotel was recently remodeled. Have stayed here in the past and the remodel makes it very hip and cool. The decor was modern with an Asian flair. The bed is sooooo comfortable. Service was nice. It's like they're trying to emulate a W Hotel.Drawbacks...though newly remodeled, bathroom overall needs work. Tub is old, toilet is situated very close to the tub. Sink did not have an effective stopper.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>justdreaming
<Content>We enjoyed our stay! We stayed here on our way to and from Australia. We called for shuttle pickup and it arrived within 10 minutes both times. Although the hotel was very busy, we were greeted by very pleasant reception staff. We were upgraded to a suite both times. The suite had a very soft and comfortable King bed and a sofa that turned out into a bed. We requested a rollaway and received one very quickly. My family of four was very comfortable in our spacious room. We loved the view of the airport and watching the planes land and take off. I don't remember noise from the airport but I did hear people walking in the hall and heard voices near the connecting doors in our suite. No big deal though! The hotel has a heated outdoor pool, great fitness center, Starbucks (that was open on our return) and a restaurant. The convenience of the hotel to the airport is great! If you have time, you can even take the shuttle back to the airport and have lunch or dinner at the Encounter restaurant.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful overnight stay We stayed here our honeymoon night before flying out the next day and had a wonderful stay. We never knew the airport was right next door! We did not have to wait more than 5 minutes for the pick up and drop off to and from the airport. The only down fall was that the restaurants were packed and we had to wait 30 mintues for our take out from a restaurant downstairs. However, we would definitely stay here again for a lay over!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THE PARKNFLY PACKAGE! We stayed at the Sheraton Gateway for one night at the end of May prior to a very early flight and opted to park our car at the hotel as part of the parknfly package. If you need a good night's sleep, as we did, you won get it here. The windows are extremely thin for a hotel so close to the airport ?you will hear the planes taking off and landing at all hours. When we boarded the shuttle in the morning, the driver spoke only limited English and could not understand which airline (United) we were flying on and was therefore very confused about where to drop us off. The worst part however was the pick up. When we arrived at LAX from our flight home, we waited for more than 45 minutes for a shuttle to come by ?Nothing! Then when a shuttle did come by it stayed three lanes away from the pickup curb and sped by, not even looking to see if anyone was waving and wanted to be picked up. In the end, we were forced to take a cab to the Sheraton to pick up our car. When we arrived at the hotel and explained what happened, the acted as if a 45 minute wait was normal and laughed at us for being upset about it, including the parking manager. Only one solitary bellman offered us an apology. In short, you be better off staying somewhere else, especially if your time is valuable to you.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poolside cabanas and now - Shula's Steakhouse? I am a Starwood frequent guest member and have stayed at the Westin LAX before. What took me by surprise at the Sheraton Gateway was the vacation feel of the poolside cabanas - did not expect that from an airport hotel... Now, they opened Shula's steakhouse and are completing a fully-blown Starbucks shop. Well, with the brand new rooms, a cool poolside and now - Shula's, I really do not feel penalized by my laover stays at the LAX anymore. In fact, for the value you get at the Sheraton, I would not mind going out of my way to stay there.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a surprise! This hotel is at the airport?!? This hotel should be in West Hollywood it's so cool! I can't tell enough people about it. What a surprise.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Surprisingly cool I was in the midst of various business trips in and out of LA, so I decided to stay at Sheraton Gateway because I needed a convenient place to stay. Not only was I blown away by the service and people but by the design! I felt like I was on a real vacation at times when I had opportunities to relax on my own by the pool or having dinner inside, etc. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel option for LAX parking! I stayed at this hotel the night before an early flight to Hawaii. I was given a great rate which included valet parking for the week I was in Hawaii. It was very convenient to be able to stay in a fabulous room and take the hotel shuttle to the airport the next morning. The bed was the best hotel bed Ie ever slept in and the rooms are very comfortable and furnished quite tastefully. I have no hesitation recommending this hotel!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, period! Stayed here for one night April 15 as I missed my flight to Honolulu due to my procrastination and traffic on the freeway. Hotel was recommended by the airline. This hotel is one the best hotels I have stayed at. Rooms are big, clean and quiet. The staff were very friendly and accomodating. The shuttle to the terminals runs every 15 minutes and the drivers are equally professional and efficient. I definitely would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel... A Bit of Confusion upon Check-out! I got a good deal for this 4-star hotel on Priceline, and was excited to see what a 4-star is all about. (I'm generally a budget traveller.) I checked in and found the room quite nice, the bed comfy. The bathroom was clean but the tub drained very slowly. Very good soundproofing: no airplane noise at all!Next morning it was almost time for my friend to pick me up, so I packed my things and used the TV check-out system, then sat and waited for her. I sat for an hour and a half, figuring she was stuck in traffic, before I went to the lobby to use the payphone to call her. (Using the TV check-out disallows using the room phones, etc.) Turns out she had been right on time. She asked for my room in the lobby, but the lobby staff, seeing that I had apparently checked out using the TV screen, told her that there was no way I could possibly be in my room. They didn't try to call up or make an attempt to check if I were there. A bit more creative thinking on their part - the TV check-out system is the hotel's idea, after all - would have saved us both a lot of aggravation. All in all, a good night's sleep at a reasonable price - but I'm not sure I get what all the fuss is about a 4-star hotel.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>hartss
<Content>This place is a winner Wow. What a surprise to find such a nice hotel at LAX - and a real bargain to boot. I paid $99 for a terrific room (my corporate rate plus Starwood preferred guest), which had obviously been renovated recently. What a great job they did! Really beautiful, rich colors, even the carpeting was cool. The bathroom was quite clean and simple, nothing fancy. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful, as were the concierge, the valet parking guys and the waiters at breakfast downstairs. This place is truly a winner - will definitely stay here next time I am in LA, as it is very convenient to Santa Monica and the marina, yet a lot less expensive.It is a nicer hotel than some of the Westins I have stayed at.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice and Clean Room Me and my husband stayed at this hotel for one night in April of 2005 and we loved the decoration of this hotel. Lobby was nice and room was clean and neat. Had brakfast buffet at the restaurant on the first floor (overlooking the pool area). Buffet was about $14.00 per person...it was ok...they let you look around the buffet area before you decide to eat so you can decide for yourself.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great bed I stayed at the Sheraton Gateway on a one night stopover in March. I checked in at 11.00am and chose to upgrade to a suite for a large discount and was able to go straight to my room, which was great after a flight from New Zealand. The staff were all courteous and helpful and the room was great. What made my stay however was the Bed. It was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in and I had the best nights sleep I have ever had in a hotel.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sheraton Gateway #1 Excellent 1 night stay at this cool hotel. Most impressed with restaurants, excited for the new Shula's 347 that should be opening in April. I will definately come back and stay here again. AWESOME beds!!!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>someone,too
<Content>Great hotel - but parking is a long way off We stayed here for the last day of our vacation - which meant we had to bring everything to the hotel room in order to pack. (Including carrying everything backt to the car...) The parking lot is (if you have a lot of stuff and a lot of bags) very far away. You have to cross a street and circle around the hotel (as the postern to the meeting facilies is closed at night). The room is really great - big, nice and very clean with in-room coffeemaker. (Just the bed is way too soft. You really sink into it - I had to do some exercise in the morning to uncramp my spine.)Hotel staff is very friendly, too. (Even if you arrive in dirty hiking clothes.)  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value, excellent service Usually, I do not prefer to stay at airport hotels. But the deal I saw on one of these internet sites was one that I could not refuse. Hotel lobby is immaculate. The guest services agents were professional, friendly (usually uncommon at airport properties) and exceptional! I had one problem with the key to my room, and when I returned to front desk, the clerk handled it very professionally and apologized. The room was spotless and the bathroom was very clean. The only thing to bring up is the fact that there was only one hangar in the closet. It seemed that when I slept on the bed, that I was on a cloud. Wake-up service was very easy. Morning paper and express check-out receipts were placed underneath my door by 4:15am. That is very important to business travelers like myself. And there was coffee at the reception area made available to all guests. This hotel underwent a renovation and I must say that it went very well. I did not have the opportunity to try their restaurant and room service, though. I will be returning to this Starwood property. This is a jewel close to LAX and I will be recommending this hotel to all of my colleagues. Great value and, above all, exceptional customer service. Well done, Sheraton Gateway LAX!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wolfwoman
<Content>like a cruise, but on land! Stayed here for one night layover on way home from Cambodia Feb. 5, 2005. Made decision based on 1/2 mile proximity to airport, free shuttle and Trip Advisor reviews. Well-appointed clean rooms, with modern style of bedding and furnishings. Great service at pool area. Attendant rolled chaise into sun for me, gave me table for my drink in a gracious way more typical of a high quality cruise. Quite good food in the hotel restaurant. Excellent value for money--$89 plus tax per night with AARP card. One thing missing is car rental on site. But can walk down to Radisson nearby and rent car there. Would stay here again.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bickley
<Content>A happy accident We were put into this hotel by BA when our aircraft developed a mechanical problem and the return flight to London had to be delayed until the next day. In every way the Sheraton Gateway was better than the Holiday Inn at LAX where we spent the first night of our recent holiday. The lobby staff were efficient, the food and service in the restaurant were good and our room was great. We will definitely consider returning to this hotel when we stay at LAX again.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Boeing767
<Content>Had an issue - they responded! I stayed at this property quite by accident on the night that the Los Angeles Air Traffic Center had it's meltdown - back in mid-September. All flights were cancelled, and I found myself stuck in Los Angeles. I called several hotels and they were either full, or exorbitantly expensive. I booked the Sheraton on Starwood points, and considered myself lucky. The check-in and check-out were a bit hairy, and crew-oriented (as another poster noted), and the Platinum level upgrade had to be drug out of them. However, once inside the room, I could find nothing amiss. The Heavenly Beds are just that --- the rooms were impeccably clean ... and there was nothing but peace and tranquility around. Upon returning home, I voiced my concerns to Mr. Michael Miner, the manager. He was duly concerned, and invited me back the next time I was to be in LA. Generally, when staying in LA, I don't need to be near the airport - but my wife and I took him up on his invitation, and from the reception, it was clear that my comments had been taken to heart, and that Mr. Miner truly wanted our business back. WELL DONE!I highly recommend this property.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I love this hotel Spent one night at the Sheraton Gateway before flying out the next morning. Beautiful hotel; Great amenities and an amazingly comfortable bed. I felt truly relaxed in my hotel room. Morning newspaper and in-room coffee was great. Ate at the restaurant in the hotel as there was quite a rainstorm outside and did not want to go out. Also, after a long day of travel, just wanted to relax. Dinner at restaurant was a wee bit questionable, (service a little shaky). However, breakfast buffet was great. The concierge personnel were also quite nice. Overall, I would definitely stay here again whenever I have a layover at LAX.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 star quality for a deep discount!   showReview(2608184, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice and Easy   showReview(2574637, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sheraton LAX   showReview(2458402, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Los Angeles airport and hotel   showReview(2448469, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Executivetravel
<Content>Ripped off   showReview(2379065, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great hotel   showReview(1930931, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel ofr a nice price   showReview(1612663, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice affordable hotel   showReview(1217173, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware non existant weekend specials   showReview(1025525, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2003
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great hotel, nice staff   showReview(307937, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2001
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>taniko817
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(20606562, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>killerangel
<Content>Sheraton LAX: consigliato   showReview(20466728, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>stever62
<Content>belle htel d'aroport       vue de l'htel  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	2	3	4	4	5	

<Author>bendu77
<Content>Trs bon hotel - Je repars sans hsiter   showReview(18175359, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dentist2
<Content>Prima gelegen zum Flughafen LAX, spitzen Restaurant   showReview(17867168, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Airport Hotel in LAX   showReview(17431889, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bien . Tres Bon rapport qualit prix   showReview(17431890, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Sheraton Gateway LAX kann ich nur empfehlen!   showReview(16589180, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retourne sans hsiter   showReview(15563225, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sheraton LAX - Ein Durchreisehotel   showReview(15563224, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>buona struttura vicino aeroporto   showReview(14727304, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19169659, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19169025, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres decu   showReview(13980148, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19164281, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>waschbr
<Content>Das beste fr einen kurzen Aufenthalt   showReview(6081353, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Htel Airport   showReview(11334783, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?..   showReview(21801288, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19155581, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19923751, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>11??2?..   showReview(19922745, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19921575, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

