<Author>rootbeer3283
<Content>Best Bet for Both Families and Business Travelers Alike       The Breakfast Sitting Area (the Hearth Room)  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JulesKW
<Content>Great location Had tickets to a concert at the Air Canada Centre and started looking for a hotel. Chose the Residence Inn Toronto Downtown/Entertainment District for its price and rating here on Trip Advisor.Location was great--convenient to theatres, restaurants and shopping and fairly easy to get to off the expressway. King suite was large and nicely furnished and had a nifty view of the CN Tower. Had pleasant interactions with staff. Room super clean and building as a whole seemed to be in good shape.Would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>Babyjan
<Content>Lovely hotel in a nice metropolitan city. A lovely hotel to spend the second part of our honeymoon. The studio suite was beautiful - spacious, lovely bed, right temperature etc. After being in Niagara Falls for 3 nights, we arrived here with the plan to relax after a lot of touristy stuff in Niagara. We could not have been in a nicer hotel to relax. Location wise, it is a two minute walk from the Rogers Centre. We had a brilliant night at the Hard Rock there enjoying the baseball. We also did part of the tour bus tour. I forget the name of the company, but they were rubbish - never again. The only downside to the hotel was that they recommended the tour. Its a boat  bus tour, don't do it. I loved walking around Toronto. It is not a tourist spot, more a nice city to live. That was the feeling I got from it anyway. Saturday morning was unreal - so quiet for a big city. Overall, a nice relaxing stay in a lovely hotel.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Rabbit74
<Content>Excellent location, great hotel! This was my first time staying at the Residence Inn downtown, and I was not disappointed! I usually stay at the Courtyard, or the Eaton Centre Marriott, as I am faithful to the brand, but I wanted a hotel in the entertainment district this time.  I had no problems with check-in and the room was spacious and spotless. My only issue is that they don't offer a self park option, and Valet parking is the only way. They do give you unlimited in and out privileges, but I prefer not to use valet. Just a minor inconvenience to me, that's all. I did find the breakfast area extremely busy, but I know the hotel was nearly full because there was a Madonna concert at the ACC that night, so I wasn't surprised. Also, I noticed that there was a Cora's just around the corner, so in a pinch, that would have been fine too. All in all it was a very enjoyable stay, and the location is second to none if you have business at either of the stadiums, or the convention centre. I will definately be going back in December for 2 nights, as I have business in the area again.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Faience44
<Content>Good location, but hotel is expensive and service chilly This hotel is in a great location, close to the entertainment and financial districts as well as a few minutes' relaxed walk from the baseball stadium. That said, it has some big challenges. The service was little better than chilly throughout. While the staff member at the door was more than happy to charge us $30 a day for valet parking, there was little enthusiasm to help us with our bags. The hotel has just three elevators for 22 floors, so guests had better like waiting around before they can go up or down. We paid around $410 a night for a two-bedroom suite which was perfectly comfortable.  Unfortunately, people in the entertainment district tend to enjoy themselves, so at midnight the first night we were woken up by a drunk screaming and shouting outside. Then, a few hours later, a hotel alarm clock in one of the rooms near started up, so I didn' t get much sleep.  The second night I discovered that the bedroom wall my bed rested against was the other side of a busy corridor, so at 3 am I was jerked out of a deep sleep by inebriated guests talking loudly as they opened the doors. The free hot breakfasts were acceptable, nothing more. Lucikly there is a Starbucks almost opposite the main entrance. On our final night, when we had to move fast to make a restaurant reservation in time, we got outside and discovered it was raining. There were no cabs and the staff member outside showed a total lack of enthusiasm about hailing one. The people who were here before you had to wait 15 minutes, he said, at no point offering to do anything useful, like calling a taxi, for example. Luckily a cab soon pulled up to let out other guests and we were able to get away. We paid a total of $890 Canadian for the two nights we spent there and it was merely an OK experience. In these times of financial crisis, I expect a lot more for that kind of money, so we'll be looking elsewhere the next time we go to Toronto.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>weezee42
<Content>Outstanding hotel and staff Helpful friendly staff, beautiful rooms, and hot breakfast. Wonderful location.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>NY11373
<Content>Outstanding I got the Residence Inn via Priceline for about 1/4 of the going rate. The location is walking distance to CN Tower and the entertainment district. The St. Andrews Subway station is a 5 minute walk. Check in was very quick and I was given a room in a quiet corner of the 6th floor. Although not a great view, I am not at a hotel to look out the window. My room was decent size and spotless. It had a full kitchen with all appliances and cookware. A plasma 32 TV with many channels was a nice touch while lying in the comfortable bed. The biggest bonus was the compliementary free breakfast complete with eggs, sausage, waffles, fruit, yogurt and cereal to name a few. At checkout, I was asked how my stay was and they took the local call I made off the bill. I would definately recommend this hotel while visiting Toronto, espeacially families who could save on breakfast.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jrevs
<Content>Excellent Hotel Really great location, within walking distance of the major attractions of Toronto  right next to the CN Tower/Rogers Dome/Ferry portWe booked a double room  we're disappointed by the size. The kitchen was kitted out to a substantial level  we loved the complimentary popcorn which we prompted 'popped' in the microwave  scoffed on arrivalBasic gym  pool/sauna are available if you get bored of Toronto, we used them a couple of times to relax/wake upService was excellent from all the staff, they were helpful  polite as you'd expectWe didn't try to the complimentary breakfast but the bar  bar snacks were of a high qaulity!Excellent hotel  great location for a short or long stay in Toronto  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StephanieinOntario
<Content>We use to love it, but not anymore We use to stay at this hotel as we loved the suites, the breakfast in the morning, and location. Perfect for a family of 4.HOWEVER, things have changed. Our most recent stay was a disappointment. We booked and payed full price through the hotel website. Asked for a 2 bedroom, but none were available. So I asked to be on a waiting list, since we booked it far in advance. No 2 bedrooms available when we arrived, but we could PAY for a cot each night, she said. I forget how much it was, but it was over $30 a night! I said no thanks. It would have been nice if they had included that, since they knew I wanted a 2 bedroom and was given a 1 bedroom, but oh well. $ 300 night, plus the numerous taxes and valet parking... close to $400 a night.The room. Sofa bed had nothing on it, and they knew we had to use it. I called ahead of time. I called for extra sheets and pillows. They just dropped it off and didn't offer to help. Breakfast was WAY too busy for the size of the space. This hotel is too big for what it has to offer. They even tell you take your breakfast to your room, as there isn't enough space. We had to wait in line for awhile. Not the staff's fault, but the eating area is way too small.Valet parking only. $30 a day. When we went to get our car, we were told to go to the desk, not to call ahead, as they have no space to leave your car when they bring it up. There is NO parking or  stop area at the front of the hotel. So we got our car and it was COVERED and I mean COVERED in bird feces. We couldn't see out of the window, so he turned on the wipers and smeared it all across. It was obviously left under a bird perch or something. It was ridiculous. But he just left it like that. Didn't even offer a paper towel or anything.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>Fay022
<Content>Our No. 1 Hotel I booked this hotel from the reviews on this website,and we were not disappointed.The staff on the front desk very friendly and helpfull.We stayed in a very large two bedroom,twobathroom suite, which was furnished to a high standard and very clean. The kitchen was very well equipped. As we were travelling with my Mum who is 81 the handrails and low bath were ideal. The complimentary buffet breakfast was great,and we didnt need to eat again until dinner.The pool is nice especially after a day sight seeing,and was empty when we used it.The hotel is central to most things,and is very near CN Tower ,(The views from the resturant are brilliant ,but the food is so,so)Younge St /Eaton Centre. Lots of places to eat nearby.We all loved Toronto, flat for pushing a wheelchair, and people were really kind and helpfull.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rorokimtor
<Content>Great for Long Stays I stayed at the Marriott Residence Inn Toronto Downtown (at 255 Wellington St. W) 9 nights while in Toronto for a business trip. 9 nights is long enough for any accommodation to get stale, but I found that coming home to the Residence Inn was a pleasure every night. I've stayed there twice before and enjoyed it each time. Every room I've stayed in comes with a full kitchen (fridge, dishwasher, stovetop, dishes, utensils) and at least two work spaces (great when I travel with my wife). I did quite a lot of work in the room - I found the wireless internet a little slow at times, but nothing disastrous.Each room also has a sitting area with a funky chaise-lounge couch and a recliner - the large flatscreen tv swivels so that you can watch it from your sitting area or from the comfy king-sized bed. It was great having a comfortable sitting area and nice tv - on nights I didn't feel like going out, I could entertain easily in my room. The hotel does not have room service but they provide you with plenty of order-in options. They'll even go grocery shopping for you if you want - the cost of the groceries appears on your bill but the shopping service itself is free. And there's a little market in the lobby with snacks and such (very overpriced but handy in a pinch).The layout of the room made it easy for me to unpack and keep my things organized - I really appreciated the ample storage space in the room and in the bathroom.The room was always clean and fresh - I have bad allergies that are made worse by Toronto's occasional smog, but the climate-controlled room cut down on the amount of Benadryl I usually have to take. I appreciated that the cleaning staff cleaned around my things without disturbing them. The front desk staff were always very helpful and the staff at breakfast were very friendly. Breakfast is included in the room rate - your usual hot and cold hotel buffet but enough variety that I could have something a little different every morning. The front door/valet parking staff were super as well - always got me where I needed to go! From a location point of view, there were lots of coffee shops and restaurants to choose from - it was a short walk to theatres and movies and only a block from two major streetcar lines.Overall, I would highly recommend the Residence Inn to any business traveller.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>puilam
<Content>They've raised the bar! We are originally from Toronto and decided to stay in the entertainment district for a weekend of fun. We chose this hotel because it had the added full kitchen, and for a family, it's ideal. We chose the studio room and got one on the 14th floor with a fabulous view of the CN Tower.Well, the Marriott chain has outdone itself with this Residence Inn location. I believe it is newly built which is why the room is spotless and not showing any wear yet.Although the hot breakfast buffet is pretty standard fare you can't complain - complimentary breakfast is better than none. Everything about the room was amazing: upgraded lighting fixtures, super-comfy bed with high thread count sheets, granite (or something like granite) counters in the kitchen and bath, upgraded work desk and table, large bathroom, flat panel TV (that swivels almost 360 degrees), easy to control room temperature settings, nice kitchen appliances and kitchenware (not the cheap stuff). Super comfortable - truly a home away from home.We're used to less than stellar service from Torontonians in the service industry, but the staff here are friendly, well trained, and efficient. A total surprise for us! Maybe Toronto is changing its ways.The only complaint is the thin door and huge gap at the bottom of the door which makes any hallway noise seem like it's coming from your own room. I usually save 5 star ratings for very high end hotels but this one deserves it!Other notes:1) stay away from the buffet breakfast between 9-10am, it's like a zoo and can get very crowded2) the complimentary wi-fi service is good but slow at times3) parking is $30/night; but valet service is fast and friendly  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Taheg
<Content>Very enjoyable stay Had a really enjoyable stay, front desk staff very friendly especially Brian who was a star. Had a two bedroom suite and it was more than spacious, one queen and one king. VERY comfortable beds, didn't want to get out. Actually we looked forward to going back to our room so we could lie on our respective beds and chill in front of the huge flat screen TV that was in each bedroom (as well as the lounge, 3 TVs!) - fabulous. The suite was well equipped and had everything to make our stay comfortable. The breakfast was very good with a wide choice to suit everyone, there was cereal, fruit, scrambled egg and bacon, muffins or if feeling adventurous, you could even make your own waffle. We really enjoyed our stay and will be recommending the hotel to anybody that is going to Toronto. It's in a great location, has great staff, lovely rooms and a nice breakfast to keep you fuelled for all the walking. Toronto is a great city and staying at the Residence Inn Downtown made the experience even more enjoyable. Have a great stay if you decide to go, and say hi to Brian!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jojicat
<Content>Good base for Toronto Stayed here for 3 days in a one bed suite. Disappointed that as a Marriott cardholder we were only put on the 4th floor so had no view except building site. Woken at 6.30am by building works which didn't help. Breakfast of good standard with decent choices. Good decor in room and high standard of cleanliness but could have done with a bigger bath.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>carpun
<Content>Big rooms, good breakfast, great location, friendly staff, warm pool My husband and I stayed at the Residence Inn for the weekend with two children aged 3 and 6. The hotel staff was very friendly and we were allowed to check in upon arrival after an early morning flight. The rooms are much bigger than any hotel we've stayed at in TO and the breakfast was very good. The kids loved the pool and though small, my husband and I made use of the decent fitness centre. The location is great - close to subway, restaurants and the CN Tower. Would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>capturedplanet
<Content>Good value hotel; close to sites We stayed at the Residence Inn Toronto Downtown for 3 days. The staff was superb as was the room. The complimentary breakfast included a big selection of hot items and pastries. Two downsides to this hotel is that 1) this is a hotel frequented by families and 2) the elevators are extremely slow. One had to eat early in order to avoid the breakfast room becoming crowded with loud and extremely energetic kids. We checked in to the hotel around 11 am and the kids breakfast scene was in full swing. The amount of people plus the two already slow elevators made it take a long time to get to and from your room. Notwithstanding this, the location of the hotel + the cost make it a great value.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Swedish_Traveller
<Content>Good value and large rooms.       Kitchen table in the room  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gerapau
<Content>A great stay       View at night  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MRS.TRAVELS.OFTEN
<Content>Great location ,great hotel       bathroom sink  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>91traveller
<Content>August 13 2008 I have just spent two weeks at this hotel. I had read the reviews on this website and they all seemed very good so I decided to give it a go. I was not disappointed.Well, I would have no problems about booking this hotel again. Most things were in walking distance. The CN tower was just just around the corner but we also had a birds eye view from our room. The Eaton Centre was about 20 minutes or so walk away and the walk down to the Harbour was probably about the same. Thankfully, the hotel was not on a busy road compared to some so it was fairly quiet in the evening. I also felt very safe, as a woman, to take myself off on my own and walk around. Especially to Pizza Pizza who did a huge pizza for $9.99 plus tax and it was only a couple of minutes walk away! There were also plenty of restaurants around within walking distance.In the lobby, cold water, infused with either strawberries or oranges would be waiting after a long day and the staff were always polite, helpful and ready to open the door when you arrived or departed. Even the cleaners managed to say 'good morning'Sarah at the concierge desk was extremely helpful with any trips you wanted to go on. They gave out little post cards and maps with directions on how to get to places by either tube, bus or driving which was great. The nearest tube was St Andrews about a ten minute walk alway with a hotdog stand perfectly situated for a quick bite to eat on the way back. The theatre was just across the road with Dirty dancing showing. There were a couple of homeless people lying on the path further up the road near the tube but they were harmless and never bothered you - they were always asleep!There was a good selection for breakfast. Usually scrambled egg, hash bowns, sausage patties, bacon and cinnamon toast(not every morning) as well as croissants, muffins, doughnuts, waffles - freshly made yourself, toast, bagels, muffins, fruit, yoghurt, cereal with a choice of fruit juices and hot drinks. (Hope I haven't forgotten anything). Disposable cutlery and plates were used. The queue is not so bad if you try and go about 8-830 after this it gets quite busy but they will let you take it to your room if you dont want to wait. I think the rush at this time is because there is not a great deal going on before 10am.The swimming pool and fitness room were on the 2nd floor and were fairly quiet most times we were there. We usually went about 6pm. Sundays would not be the best day to go as there are quite a few children in there - unless you have children of course. The jaccuzzi, be warned is very hot when you first get in but you need to remember to switch it on at the wall as it is on a timer.The business centre is a small room next to the fitness centre and swimming pool with 2 computers in. Internet access was free but you also had wifi in your room if you had your laptop but the connection was not always that good on the 16th floor. Occassionally you do have to wait to go the computers - children need to be msning their friends as you know, but there is a 15 minute rule. I took mostly travellers cheques on this holiday and the hotel also changed between $100 and $200 a day depending on their limit. This was great as I didn't seem to find many places that actually took them.This Hotel is suitable for all age groups, it even had The Toronto Blue Jay fans staying without any trouble.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>NDFAN03
<Content>Loved the Residence Inn We stayed 3 nights in a 1 BR suite. The room was great. The entire staff at the hotel was the nicest we've ever encountered. Our only complaint was that the breakfast area is fairly small and it was very crowded. Next time we go to Toronto this will be our 1st choice.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>midwestgirl8888
<Content>Wonderful Stay We stayed for three nights in August. It was a great location. We had a room on the 21st floor with a view of the lake/city. It was quiet. The service was excellent and attentive. The room was large with the amenities as described on other reviews. We didn't use the pool or the fitness center but it seemed about what I expected. Husband and kids had breakfast every morning and really liked the selection. They had a wait about 10 minutes as they went at the height of breakfast. You gotta expect that sort of thing with 22 floors of room and a free breakfast, I think.Overall, I would definitely stay here again. The Valet was fine although I wasn't thrilled my car was not in a covered lot but eh, no big deal. (It was parked in the lot just around the corner)  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>catfish77
<Content>Can't imagine a better pick for a small family on vacation! This hotel deserves its TA rating. The location affords a short walk to varied food choices (King Street), CN Tower and Rogers Centre (baseball), and the Lake (Harbourfront, urban beach, and ferries to the Islands). The free breakfast was quite good every morning. The closer you get to 9:00 am, the greater chance you have to stand in line briefly, but the staff keeps the process from devolving into a convention of starving vultures. Tables are quickly cleaned and the food is replenished frequently. One morning, the smiling receptionist reminded me not to leave my precious camera unattended on our table. (Another day, our alert maid told us we had left our room door ajar the day before and showed us how to close the door all the way. DUH!!)A few tips:1. Most maps won't show it, but there's an easier way than Blue Jays Way to walk to the Tower. From the hotel's street corner, look southeast and you'll see the CN and the ball park. Walk that way abnd you'll cross the RR tracks via a pedestrian bridge. 2. There's a small, 24 hour grocery store on the corner of Blue Jays a block north of Rogers Centre. 3. Wellington is a one-way street, but it's not congested. 4. Don't repeat my stupid tourist trick. The first morning, I didn't see a newspaper bin. I asked at the front desk, where I learned about the papers in the breakfast area. There was a selection of four (including USA Today). And they were free. Nice. Our dollars were well spent.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>katkat17
<Content>Great! Wonderful room, we stayed for 3 nights. Great kitchen area, dining table, sofa, 2 chairs, comfortable bed and bathroom. All very clean, staff great and we could see the CN Tower from our window. No problems getting around, we walked to most places and also had a pass for the hop on hop off bus. Breakfast was great, especially the option to take it back to your room. The lemonade available in the lobby area each afternoon was also very welcome after a day of walking. Would stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>gd78
<Content>Amazing for the price I stayed 10 nights at the residence inn. You have complimentary breakfast and wireless internet, a very large suite with fully equipped kitchen, and you're downtown in a quiet area. The best choice in toronto for long staying.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Happy_Scrappy
<Content>very pleasant stay       shower / toilet  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Betabloke
<Content>Needs restaurant pro's Big rooms, clean, friendly staff.con's 30CA$ for parking, no room service, no restaurant.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>stretch8674
<Content>A wonderful break       View from CN Tower  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IrelandCarol
<Content>very nice hotel we stayed here for 3 nights from 29th July, two adults and two children, we found the rooms to be very clean, well done to the cleaning staff, and the furniture was very modern. The breakfast was very good, the staff were not the most friendly i have ever come across, it was a bank holiday and I,d say most of them were students, the barman was very friendly though. The hotel is situated very near to the CN tower and a short walk to the lake, for the shopping areas you need to take a taxi, only about 5 minutes though. The rooms having cooking facilities which is very usefull when you are traveling with children, we had a fridge microwave, two cooking rings and a dishwasher, all cooking utensils were supplied also.......I would highly recommed this hotel....  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>janeymac1968
<Content>Excellent for families Having had a disaster with a private accommodation in Toronto we decided to cut our losses and at 2am booked a two bedroom suite at the Residence Inn for 7 nights. What a surprise. This hotel is new, fresh and very well equipped. The location is quite central and we walked to various attractions with subway a 5 minute walk away.With four small kids we were back in our rooms fairly early in the evenings. The two bed suite was excellent with two large bedrooms, with bathrooms and a pull-out sofa bed in the lounge. Our kids loved the 3 (!) televisions (parked in front of each bed) - no more arguments over what to watch!! The staff were very friendly and our check-in/out was dealt with efficiently and in a friendly manner. Breakfast is not very inspiring but kept us going until mid-afternoon each day. We felt it was excellent value for money as it was incredibly comfortable, clean and quiet and definitely made our stay in Toronto very enjoyable.As a fussy hotel-stayer I would have no problem recommending this hotel to anyone looking for the comforts of home away from home.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>FishBulb500
<Content>Quiet, quiet, quiet! We booked a one-bedroom suite at this hotel based on the reviews on TripAdvisor and were pleased to find it was all true!All the staff were incredibly friendly; whenever we stepped into the elevator, if any staff member was there also they would smile and say Welcome, and ask how our stay was so far.The cleaning staff were utterly outstanding. I wanted to pack them into my suitcase and bring them all home with me. Kind, efficient, excellent!Our room was perfect in every way, including the view, and I was truly surprised as to how quiet it was! We're fairly certain the floor was concrete under the wood subfloor, which made for a very quiet stay. We barely heard a peep from anyone else. The decor of the rooms was fresh and nice, and the kitchen was clean and well-equipped. The bathroom was a tad small but it certainly fit one person at a time.The pool and hot tub are smaller than they seem in the pictures and you need to know the floor of the pool area has about 1/10 inch of water within a 12 - 18 perimeter around the pool. However, we spent many evenings there and so did other families, and we all had a blast. Just don't expect a large space and don't wear your socks to the area.There is free breakfast every morning and also free dinners some nights, which was a wonderful bonus. The bartender, Randolph, is also a magician and entertained our young son greatly. The location of the hotel was awesome; a couple of blocks away from the CN Tower, Rogers Center and the subway. Toronto's transit system was impeccable and we were glad for the close proximity of the subway to the hotel. There are also a number of small grocery stores within a block or two of the hotel so you can easily stock your kitchen. The whole area was great.Oh, and if you're there before September 2008, the Diesel Playhouse around the corner is featuring Evil Dead: The Musical. A must see, if you liked the movie franchise!Have I mentioned how friendly and accommodating the staff were? It cannot be said enough. They were really something.Two small caveats:1) Local phone calls cost $ 1.50 each. We didn't know this. After 9 days we'd racked up $ 30.00 in phone calls! No biggie, but it would have been nice to know this beforehand. So now you know.2) The mattress on the sofa bed was the kind of mattress I have on mine at home; the kind you utilize in order to keep company from staying too long. It was thin and the springs made it lumpy. I made the bed using the cushions from the couch also, and my son liked it then. Otherwise, if a larger person sleeps on it (larger than a 7-year-old) you might want to request extra comforters and towels for padding.Neither of these concerns put me off my rating of 5 stars for this hotel. I will gladly stay here again and have enthusiastically recommended to everybody I talk to. I'm glad to have found this place; it made an awesome trip into a perfect trip. I have such good memories of this vacation and a big part of it was thanks to this hotel. We stayed for 9 days and an unbearable hotel for 9 days would be, well, unbearable. This was fabulous.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mecclest
<Content>Beautiful hotel, good location My boyfriend and I stayed at the Residence Inn for 2 nights in late March while in Toronto visiting friends. We chose it because of the positive Trip Advisor reviews, its newness, and the good rate we found. The hotel didn't disappoint - it looked new and modern throughout, and the rooms are great. RoomsSince it's a Residence Inn, the standard rooms come with more than the average hotel room: a kitchenette and 2-seat table, a small sitting area (couch, chair, and coffee table), plus the usual king-sized bed, and a large bathroom. The flat-screen television rotated so it could be watched from the couch or from the bed, which I thought was pretty cool. Everything was spotless and very new-looking.HotelFront desk - staff was very friendly and helpful, and we checked in and out with no trouble at all. They also gave us maps and reliable directions for getting to the main sites.We used the gym one morning - small room with two treadmills, two bikes, an elliptical, and some free weights. The usual hotel gym setup, with a tv hanging from the ceiling. Equipment was clean and all in working order.We didn't use the (indoor) pool, but the gym looks right out on it. Pretty small, but it looked like there was hot tub too.Breakfast - part of the room rate, so we had it the morning we left. Nice layout of breakfast standards: scrambled eggs, bacon, pastries, as well as cereal, yogurt, and some fruit. Most noticeably, the servers at breakfast were very friendly and helpful, even though they were very busy with a room full of hungry, sleepy guests.LocationPretty good for tourists. Nothing really within a block of the hotel, but only a few minutes walk to the CN tower, the waterfront area, some nightlife, and we even walked to the Distillery district - about 25 minutes, but pleasant even on a cold day because the sun was out.ParkingAs I recall, the hotel charges $30/day for parking, and the garages nearby are similarly priced (and sketchier), so this can add a significant amount to your bill, just be prepared.Overall, we really enjoyed our stay. A modern, spotless, and comfortable hotel, with friendly service, in a good location, at a reasonable price.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Ann-70
<Content>The Perfect Hotel in Toronto I booked three rooms at this hotel after reading so many positive reviews about this hotel. I had made previous arrangements to stay at the Reanaissance Toronto and I am not dissapointed about making a last minute change to the Residence Inn.The hotel is situated just a couple of blocks from the Blue Jays stadium and within walking distance to the best restaurants and shops in Toronto.Even though the rooms are sparkling new, they serve a complete breakfast and have all the amenities for a leisure or business travel the best asset this hotel has is its staff. The Front Desk personell is very accomodating, the bell persons act as concierge and the maids take care of the rooms like it was there home.Kudos to Marriott and the General Manager of this hotel. You made my entire family's vacation this year. THANK YOU!!!!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anonymous01
<Content>Excellent rooms; perfect for families with children We stayed for one night at the Residence Inn downtown Toronto. The hotel is quite new. The room/studio was perfect with a fully equipped kitchen; comfortable king bed, large bathroom, flat screen TV, dinning table, sofa, fridge, microwave, stove etc. The hotel is therefore perfect for families with children. And we got the impression that most guests were families. Breakfast was disappointing, but maybe that was because of the crowded breakfast room with screaming children. The location is central to most popular tourist attractions. However as it is located near the financial district we believed it is not the best area to stay in Toronto. We preferred the Yorkville area for its restaurants, museums and shops.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Homat
<Content>Good value but staff service quality is uneven This hotel is relatively new and it's clean. For the price, it offers very good value. However, while the 'hardware' of the hotel is great there are problems with the 'software' of the staff, especially some junior employees on the front desk, many of whom who seem untrained on even some basics of what's written in the hotel's own service guide. This seems a pretty typical 'new hotel problem', however, and the very busy senior staff seems quite committed to solving any issues. It is worth pointing out that the housekeeping staff is the best we've ever experienced anywhere, and this is important if you are travelling with a young family. Overall, if you want a suite-style hotel room (with a kitchen), this is where you want to stay in Toronto. If you like a lot of hotel services and extra touches, this is not the place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>LeakySheiky
<Content>Awesome Awesome Awesom!!!! Alright, my fiance and I were heading to Toronto for a concert last fall and needed a place to crash. Went on Priceline and got this place for US$55.00. Priceline rating of 2.5 stars, we figured no problem. Conveniently located close to A.C.C. When we arrived though, WOW! What a surprise. From what I understand the hotel is relatively new so everything was sparkling. We requested an upgrade to a King suite room and got it no problem, no charge. The Room was jaw dropping. Full size suite, with fullsize kitchen, fridge, stove, microwave and even dishwasher. They even had a popcorn bow for us to use! 32 flatscreen t.v. located at the foot of a gorgeous, plus king size bed and a nice sitting area with sofa and loveseat. It gets better. We were alerted that Thursday there was a managers party in the main restaurant area for all guests. We attended prior to the concert and were greeted with a catered dinner by a local European style Pizzeria cafe. Thin crust pizza with salad and all the fixins'. We felt guilty about the free eats so we started ordering Martinis and the bartender was excellent at entertaining us! The morning was just as good with a full time hot buffet breakfast, AGAIN COMPLIMENTARY! - scrambled eggs, pancakes, waffles, even fresh fruit! We must say, that even at triple the price we paid, this hotel was one of the BEST! I parked within a short walk down the street at the open lot across from Gretzky's restaurant, but if I recall, the hotel did have valet parking for a bit more of a cost. Definitely a great place to stay, especially if you were travelling with a family and wanted to eat it.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>caj4
<Content>Briliant place to Stay Stayed at the Residence Inn based on previous reviews. We stayed for 10 nights , and we were given a room directly opposite the lift on the 21st floor. Unfortunately we could hear the comings and goings of residents at all times of the night , so we asked on the 2nd morning to be moved. Explained the problem to the reception staff who moved us without question to another room on the 22nd floor. They were fantastic, and the rest of our stay was brilliant ! The room was very spacious, extremely clean and if we return to Toronto, we will stay there again. There was a slight queue for the breakfast buffet in the morning, but again the staff dealing with that were also excellent.In all, the Residence Inn is very well located , very friendly and helpful staff, and excellent rooms !  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AnotherHoustonian
<Content>Excellent. Great location, great hotel. The rooms are absolutely fabulous. They are stylish, new, modern and spotless. The location is next to the entertainment district which makes it an easy walk to shopping, restaurants, theatre, etc. Check in is friendly and efficient. Everything about this place exceeds my expectations. I would place this hotel against its posher competitors any day of the week. Stay here. You will love it.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Researchlover
<Content>Would Stay Again! I research hotels alot before I travel, and this one was almost as presented by others. The check in staff were friendly, even though they tried to charge me for a cot that was supposed to be free. The room was very nicely laid out and appointed. Its easy to fill the full size fridge from the corner grocery store to save money. Tip for parents...get the one bedroom suite, its worth it! My one gripe was the room could have been a bit cleaner. It looked clean initially, but upon closer inspection it needed a little more sprucing up. Candy wrappers in the pull out bed, and black finger prints on the white door. Nothing major, but just a little let down. The pool was smallish, but my kids loved it. It was usually empty except for us. The exercise room was very new, and had some nice equipment. The internet access room needed more terminals as it was usually busy. Free breakfast was great ,as there was a variety of food. The line varied upon our breakfast arrival time from deserted, to extremely crowded. Overall, I liked the great attitude of the staff and you can't beat the location. I walked with 2 young kids to the CN tower, the Centre Island Ferry and other attractions. (Bring a stroller though for younger kids, as the blocks are too long for them). I would stay here again, though this place does not have the upscale feel ot the Soho Metropolitan, just down the street. (Its much more expensive though)  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>planettom
<Content>perfect and a monster fridge       outside  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>gglg
<Content>You will be lucky to find better in Toronto! We stayed in a studio king suite at the Marriot Residence Inn. It is located downtown, a 2 minute walk from the CN tower, a feature of Toronto not to be missed. A variety of quality and reasonably priced restaurants are within a block of the hotel.The hotel breakfast buffet is inclusive in the room rate and features an excellent range of cold and hot breakfast choices. The hotel's rooms are outstanding -large, clean with modern furnishings and in our case, a kitchenette. The king bed was very comfortable. The view of the CN tower from the window was a nice feature. The hotel is very good value for money. The hotel staff and desk staff were very friendly and helpful. Don't bother looking too much further than the Marriot Residence Inn- you will be lucky to find better in all respects in Toronto.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SnowbirdOntario
<Content>Great New Hotel in Downtown Toronto We had a great stay in a nice two-bedroom suite at the Marriott Residence Inn Toronto Downtown. With convenient road access and close to all the attractions (especially the entertainment district venues, and Rogers Centre (skydome)), this was an excellent hotel choice for us. The check-in process was smooth and very friendly. There was special water and coffee available in the lobby area for arriving guests. Our two-bedroom unit on the fourteenth floor (highest that they have two-bedroom units on) was really more like a condo, with two bedrooms -- one with a king bed, big desk, and ensuite bath, and one with a queen bed and ensuite bath. In our unit, the room with the king bed had a window with an outside view towards a wall of an adjacent building and the room with the queen bed had a nice more open view looking out over the condo building across the street. (Some rooms will have a view of the CN tower.) An open kitchen/dining/sitting area arrangement with another window keeps everything open and allows everyone to be together when they want to be. The kitchen was well equipped with full size appliances and all the conveniences of home. They will even shop for groceries for you if you want! The sitting area included a sofa-bed and a chair. The dining area had a table with four chairs. Each bedroom and the sitting area had a large flat-screen TV. Coffee maker/coffee provided in-room for your convenience. Complimentary high speed wireless internet access is available in-room. Business centre has a couple of computers for access for those who did not bring a computer with them. Nice pool and exercise room in-hotel.A very nice buffet breakfast is available (included) each morning. It includes hot and cold items (waffle iron, eggs, sausages, cereals, toast, fruit, coffee, tea, juice, etc). It is served in a big restaurant type room adjacent to the lobby.In the early evening (about 5:30pm-7:00pm) Monday to Thursday the hotel puts on another complimenary snack/light dinner buffet with a range of items depending on the night -- Italian, Chinese, Greek, BBQ, Mexican, etc. It is served in the same area that the breakfast is served, but the room is set up more family style, rather than individual tables. It includes non-alcoholic beverages and the bar is open to purchase alcoholic drinks. We did not try it the night we stayed, but it sure looked like a lot of guests were making this their evening meal. Especially handy for families. The night we stayed there, the evening buffet was provided by Pizza Rustica, a nearby restaurant venue, with salads, pasta, pizza, garlic bread, etc. The hotel posts the evening buffet schedule on the fridge in the room, but they do not explain how it works very well. We called down and it was then explained to us. I think we'd try this next time we stay.Parking was a bit of an issue for us since we are not keen on valet parking ($30). We parked in the underground parking garage associated with the office building next door with an entrance on Windsor St. With no in-out privileges, the cost did add up. It was $4/half-hour all the time, with a $13 max 6am-6pm, $10 max for evening event parking, $5 overnight, and then it starts again.Overall we had a great stay. Very clean and new hotel. Nice people. Lots of restaurants and venues within easy walking distance. We'd definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>toocoolfornc
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We were here for Three nights Canada day weekend 2008.Here are the good things:Great location-one block from Rogers Center and CN tower. Short walk to restaurants on King Street and shopping onQueen Street.Staff- extremely helpful desk staff (especially Nadine). Answered all questions, gave good directions. Room- we had a large king bed studio. Full kitchen. Pull out sofa.Seperate shower and sink rooms. Programmable safe in closet.Very clean and well maintained.Valet parking-On weekends cars stay and eat free( free valet parking, and free gas cards). The parking attendants were the best I have ever seen. We only used our car a couple of times since you can walk to so many places.Breakfast buffet- Excellent food. Dining area was not very big and it got crowded, but it was a holiday weekend in Canada and there were a lot of families staying here.]Here are the bad things:It rained a couple of times. Don't think that was Marriotts fault but it's the only complaint I can think of.We stay at Marriott Hotels quite a bit. Four different ones this year.One of our nights was free with our reward points. You pay more for these hotels but I think the service they provide is worth the money.This was one of the best hotels I have stayed at in a long time.The service was top notch and the building itself was in great shape. I recommend this place to anyone going to Toronto.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gvr001
<Content>Wonderful hotel in the heart of Toronto I stayed at this property for 2 nights while attending a meeting in the nearby conference center in the second week in June. The property is conveniently located 2 blocks from the CN Tower, Baseball stadium, and Convention center. It is a short (10-15 minute) walk to the University of Toronto, China Town, and Queen street. If you are on business or vacation, it's nearly impossible to beat this location.There were only a few small quibbles with the property. The onsight parking is valet only, and the charge is $30/day. The lobby area is quite small, and there is almost always a small wait to speak with one of the desk attendants. However, I must say that it was nice that they hold your bags prior to checkout without a charge, and that your car is retrieved promptly by the valet attendants.Otherewise, the property is fantastic! The breakfast buffet is free, and features several hot items and excellent coffee, fruits, and bagels, and is easily worth $10-$15. The exercise area and pool are very nice, with each piece of equipment coming with it's own TV. The rooms are very nice - Each one has an LG flat screen TV with a nice kitchenette that is more than adequate. The mattress and pillows were very comfortable, and the rooms were cleaned in a timely manner. Given the size of the rooms, they are actually very good value compared to several of the other downtown hotels.I would definitely considering staying in this property again if visiting Toronto.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>ianst
<Content>Lovely hotel       kitchen area  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>smarteepants23
<Content>Residence Inn continues to be my hotel of choice downtown! I have visited this hotel twice in the past 6 months (once on New Years Eve and once June 7th) and can safely say it will continue to be my first choice when staying downtown! This hotel is an excellent value for bigger groups but also very reasonable for singles and couples as well ($200 a night taxes in). Rooms are spotless and each has a great kitchen/sitting area/washroom鈥?much larger than the average hotel room! Check in/out was easy and friendly each visit. The beds are very comfortable, there is a great flat screen tv, and the modern styling of the rooms are very attractive! This hotel has a great location only a couple blocks from the subway and right around the corner from the CN Tower and Rogers Centre. One extra benefit鈥?buffet breakfast is provided complimentary each morning of your stay (something for everyone!). I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel to anybody! Enjoy Toronto!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>tony412
<Content>Residence Inn is THEEE place to stay, loved it!!! The MRI is in the perfect location. We parked our rental at the hotel and didn't use it once. Everything is within walking distance. Less than 2 blocks to Rogers Centre and CN Tower, Tons of restaurants, bars and clubs in the streets that follow, although the MRI is on a quiet street (which is good). The hotel itself is in excellent condition. Very modern and clean. The rooms also very modern. Bathroom is one of the nicest I've used at a hotel. The bed was comfy with nice, quality, clean pillows and sheets. Not much use for the kitchenette with a short stay but defiitely nice also. Granite countertops, icemaker in freezer, everything you need to cook or eat a meal. LCD tv was nice to have if even for only a few minutes of watching. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful to tourists such as myself. They provided suggestions, directions and maps. The hotel also provides a complimentary buffet breakfast which was not only good quality but good to the checkbook. I could not have asked for a better hotel to stay at. Whether you are looking for nightlife, sightseeing or both, I highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting downtown toronto.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>G2
<Content>Kudos to the Staff Enjoyed the room, restaurant and location but wanted to comment on the wonderful staff. This was a consistently upbeat and professional group all the way from the great front desk team who looked after us over 5 days (especially when we experienced some medical emergencies) to the restaurant staff, cleaning crew and super front door guys. The staff at the Residence are a real family and made our visit a most positive experience.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AnnG_and_SteveP
<Content>Excellent value, this hotel ticks all the boxes We paid in advance for a King Studio room, and were very pleased with how well equipped it was. Fantastic bed, lots of space, well kitted out with a modern kitchenettte, iron and ironing board, safe,small gym and heated pool on the 2nd floor. The inclusive breakfast set you up for the day, and we particularly liked the oatmeal porridge. The hotel is 5 mins from the CN Tower and the Rogers Stadium. We walked everywhere and the grid street layout of the city makes it easy to get from A to B. This part of the downtown area is undergoing quite a bit of construction work, but the hotel is well sound proofed and you don't hear it. Very helpful team on reception and the whole place ran like clockwork. We would definitely opt to stay in another Residence Inn as it was great value. We had 6 days in Toronto, and fitted in the Niagra and all the major city sights. Not expensive to eat out, and we felt very safe whilst we were here. Good for a city break.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sisyfos
<Content>Very nice hotel Found this hotel on tripadvisor. It lived up to our expectations; it was clean, the staff was nice, and the price fair. Very recommendable.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Carol_A_N
<Content>Great hotel for a city break We stayed at the Residence Inn from 6-10 June 2008 for 4 nights. We had a 2 bed suite on the 14th floor which had everything you need even had large dishwasher and a huge fridge/freezer which came in handy for ice cream as there was an heatwave on whilst we were there. Could not fault it at all. Hotel is in a great location, plenty of resturants nearby , not too far to the train station. I think this is probably the best hotel we have stayed in when doing a city break. Would definately recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FoxsmumMelbourne
<Content>Great all rounder I stayed at this hotel for 7 nights, sharing with work collegues. We had a conference at the Metro convention centre which was a 5 minute walk away.We`had a two bedroom suite. This was huge, with 2 bathrooms, a great kitchen and lounge. There were 3 plasmas in the apartment!Breakfast was included in the room rate and was above average. Wish they had the bacon every morning though!I did a lot of shopping while I was there and although the shopping is a long walk, it is not far on the very easy to use subway. There are loads of great restaurants within walking distance too.Staff were lovely. Cannot fault them.Extra Toronto tips: Canoe restaurant is pricey but excellent with great views Niagra is a good day trip. If you ARE NOT a US or Canadian citizen then you DO NOT pay duty/tax on anything you buy at the outlet mall on the US side of Niagra. Worth the trip. If you want to watch a blue jays game in comfort, have a meal at the restaurant in the Renassiance Hotel - minimum $50 a head spend but a ticket costs almost this much and you can look down into the baseball diamond from the restaurant, Need to book though.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ErinDwyer
<Content>Excellent Hotel experience Hotel employees were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast buffet was plentiful, but not exciting. Room was lovely and nice view of CN tower. Great location near Blue Jays and theaters.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ReluctantTraveler
<Content>Great place to stay! We spent six nights here in May 2008. We had a beautiful room on the 20th floor with a city view, but still could see the CN Tower and the lake. Our room was huge -- about twice the size of our room in a comparable Residence Inn in Vancouver. We had a king bed, a queen sofa bed. full kitchen, table with 4 chairs, desk with work chair, two recliners and still had room to move around.The hotel is conveniently located and within walking distance of the convention center, transportation, and lots of restaurants on King Street. They provide a beautiful breakfast every morning, but if the hotel is full, it gets crowded in the lobby. Likewise, the wait for an elevator can be long. I also would have appreciated housekeeping services earlier in the day. The maid usually arrived at 4:00 p.m.We paid $30 per day for valet parking with in/out privileges.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>MJMiami
<Content>Good Hotel Stay Clean. Great location. Good bed and pillows. Breakfast buffet sometimes has a line.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Ar_Bmore
<Content>Best place to live in Toronto! Just returned from a conference in Toronto and stayed at this environmentally friendly hotel for a week (yes they recycle etc). We picked this hotel after reading all the +ve reviews on TA and boy did we pick well! Throw in free internet access and a free breakfast buffet and you just can't beat this superb deal.Here's the skinny on our stay:Rooms/Suites: We stayed in a King suite and it was outstanding! They have it stocked with everything from utensils, mugs for coffee and even a dishwasher. Tastefully appointed with contemporary decor (LCD tv etc.) and the housekeeping staff are just excellent.Location: Excellent - super convenient to everything downtown, the convention center and all kinds of shopping and public transport.Service/staff: Excellent ('nuff said).Family friendly and road warrior friendly. We had a lot of colleagues staying at ritzier hotels with nowhere near the quality of service or rooms like the Residence Inn. Staying here is a no-brainer and I hope this review saves you the headache of reading a 100 more reviews.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NanComm
<Content>Very Nice Stay I booked the hotel based on the many good TA reviews for a Mother/Daughter weekend the end of April. Very much up to the usual Marriot standards - new, spiffy, clean, welcoming staff,etc. We had a studio room with a pull out couch which was comfortable. Staff was great. Location is wonderful - which was fortunate as there was a transit strike for the weekend. So we were able to walk around the block to go to Second City, and there were many restaurants also within a block. We ended up taking a cab in the morning to the St Lawrence Market, but easily walked back after. I would def book here for our next visit.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>za travel
<Content>Great Stay Stayed four nights. Great staff, great service, great rooms.Excellent wireless. Every staff member was friendly and helpful.I can't think of any negatives for this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Love-to-travelOttawa
<Content>Great find! We were travelling with our 2 young boys and thought the accomodations were perfect for us. We had a one bedroom suite and requested a cot so that our boys had their own beds in the living area (there is a sofa bed as well). We were also surprised that there were no sheets on the sofa bed when it was time for the kids to go to bed, but there were sheets and blankets in the closet for the bed. We didn't ask for the staff to make it for us.The hotel is in a great location. Our young boys loved being able to walk to the CN Tower and to a Blue Jays game. The staff was great - they were very pleasant and helpful. The breakfast was great too - something for everyone and certainly made the price of the room a bargain.The valet parking was great. We were in and out of the hotel many times over the weekend and they were very professional and had our car waiting for us quickly each time it was requested. Overall, a great hotel in Toronto and a real bargain!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Qdex
<Content>Excellent Rooms! We stayed at this hotel 4 nights mid April 2008 in one of the two-room suites, after reading the reviews posted on TripAdvisor. We were not disappointed - it is a great hotel, and the suite was spacious, modern and clean. Having 3 children, it was good to have the pullout sofa-bed in the main lounge of the suite in addition to two king-size beds in the rooms.The staff were excellent and although I'd read that the breakfast area could get busy, we didn't have any trouble getting a table. The food was fine too.There is a gym, swimming pool and spa on-site, which were pleasant to use and very clean.The CN Tower and Rogers stadium are only a couple of minutes walk South, and there was a handy Starbucks 100m if turn right and also a small supermarket (turn left). Worth pointing out that the nearest subway station is 10-15 walk away.We hired a car for the day (to go to Niagara) from Thrifty - about a 5 min walk away, and not too expensive either.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mont990
<Content>Great place What more can I say that has not already been said!! Great Hotel, Great Staff and an excellent location.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>IntheLight
<Content>Yes, Fantastic! Our room was spotless, a suite with a full kitchen. The staffis very friendly. The little bar and Randolph as host great.A hot breakfast bar as good as a 5 star (only included in the room rate). Appetizers Mon -Thur at 6:00PM. The desk staff couldnot be more accomodating. Definately the place to stay in Toronto.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Souki_Snowball
<Content>Unfortunate but I had problems... Okay so I'd like to start out by saying that the hotel pictures posted on their website are accurate (description of sizes not so!). We picked this hotel because it was rated as the #1 Hotel in Toronto....plus it is new and that is always a bonus! I also found the rates a bit high. We were traveling for business and pleasure. We booked a 4 night stay and requested a high floor with a decent view...about 2 weeks ahead of time. Upon check in we were told that there was a note to be upgraded to a 2 bedroom suite if available...of course this excited us, my son was ecstatic! Unfortunately there wasn't one available, but we could check the next morning for an upgrade. We were sent off to our room only to find out that they stuck us in the tiniest room with a view of some sort of fan system (absolutely no sunshine)....oh and the room was on the lowest floor possible!!! The room had empty candy wrappers all over the room (at this point I am now thinking that the room is not as clean as it appears)! Of course I am now very disappointed that I gave up a great deal to stay at the Sheraton Centre (Club Level). I phoned the Front Desk and was told that they really didn't have any rooms with great views...if you stand outside of the hotel it is very clear that they do in fact have a great view and it is of the CN Tower鈥pparently this is not considered a great view. They did say that they could move us to a room that was a bit larger (if a guest is staying for 4 nights why would you put them in the smallest room possible anyways?)鈥 opted to stay considering I was told that the chances of us getting upgraded to a 2 bedroom the next day was likely. Later that evening (11ish) we were getting ready for bed only to find out that the sofa bed was bare with no sheets or pillows in sight? Supposedly you need to request this service? If there is 3 people staying in the room and there is one bed and one sofa bed, where do they think the 3rd person is going to sleep? We ended up waiting about 陆 hour before getting the sheets and pillows. The next day we got the run around and then were told by one of the managers that the Guest Service Agents should not have said that we could be upgraded because of the rate we booked at, she wanted us to pay over a $100 extra per night to get upgraded鈥e were very disappointed! I really didn鈥檛 want to stand and argue about the service I was receiving thus far鈥o I took the room they offered the day before鈥hockingly to find out the room was twice the size of the room they stuck us in (and with a city view on a high floor)鈥gain I can鈥檛 explain how disappointed we felt to know that they tried to stick us in a sardine can on a 4 night stay, I would have been very happy to check into this room! Also beware of the Valet they will park your car in the public parking lot up the road!!! Now the nice things鈥he free breakfast  pool area were good. And the staff was friendly鈥ut the management team lacked in customer service!!!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	3	2	-1	5	

<Author>123me
<Content>fantastic! This is a great hotel which is in a terrific location. The rooms are clean and comfy, and having access to a fridge, microwave and stovetop is always a major bonus. It is so nice to not have to go out to eat or to buy something expensive when you are hungry because you can stock your fridge with small snacks and drinks. The complimentary breakfast is obviously a HUGE bonus and a massive savings in terms of time and money. It's also great food! (although made-to-order eggs would be a terrific touch)The location is also great because you are within walking distance of both the fantastic Toronto theatre district (and it's great restaraunts), and the major sporting arenas for Toronto's great professional sporting teams.This is definitely one of the better hotels I have stayed in.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kikileighc
<Content>GORGEOUS HOTEL!! Beautiful room. I absolutely loved this hotel! It is the nicest, by far, that I have ever stayed in. My boyfriend and I stayed here during my graduation at the Toronto Convention Centre. It was a bit pricey but the cheapest in the area (which was surprising because it was gorgeous). Many of my friends stayed here during the same night and we all were very impressed. The room: the bed was HUGE and so comfortable! Flat screen TV in front of the bed, full kitchen, sitting area, great bathroom and large vanity. The best part was probably the breakfast. It was a free continental, but not like any you鈥檝e ever seen. It was a delectable buffet, complete with hot and cold foods, even fresh waffles. It was a great location. We came back from the bar and made popcorn (provided by the hotel) in our microwave. :) The staff was really nice. I would recommend it to anyone staying in Toronto.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>se2121
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location Stayed here mid January 08 for two nights. I'm partial to Marriott hotels to begin with but this new hotel was excellent. The location is wonderful. We had a rental vehicle which we never used once to get around the city. You are only several blocks from Chinatown, the CN tower, and all the sporting stadium/arenas. The hotel staff was the friendliest I have ever seen at a Marriott and were very helpful in providing information on good restaurants, good bars, and directions.The hotel itself is wonderful as I stated because it is new. THe fitness area is sufficient for a quick workout, don't expect a real gym. The indoor pool was suprisingly large and the hot tub wasn't as warm as I would have liked but that's just a personal issue.The room was large and the bed was great. For anyone that has stayed at a Residence Inn, it is a typical Residence Inn. The evening snacks and cocktail reception were excellent. For someone who wants to have a small meal, it would be sufficient for your dinner. One night we had Indian food which was great and the other night was Sports night so it was just hot dogs but good enough. The breakfasts were also supprisingly decent for a free buffet.Overall for the location and hotel ammenities, I would recommend this hotel to everyone. It is not a luxury hotel but it was wonderful.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NorOnt
<Content>Great Value We recently stayed at the Residence Inn for business purposes but would return for pleasure anytime. This is a top notch hotel with the friendliest staff I've ever encountered. This is a new hotel with beautifull decor. The free hot breakfast was more than adequate. For the location and good value, this hotel beats any of the others in this area of Toronto...and over the years we have tried them all. This will be our first choice from now on.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pointless_parasite
<Content>Superb Hotel       Suite on the 12th floor  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>h_in_WA
<Content>Great business destination property Property is around one year old. Room larger than average (corner room was great), contains kitchenette with some pots/pans/utensils (not enough fi you're a cook like me, but you can burn a dinner with some good effort if you buy all the ingredients), fridge, place settings etc. I think that they will also shop for you. Breakfast is standard and not outstanding. The big draw is the daily GM Reception - actual food (one night was chicken wings and veggies, just like a bar), and sometimes the GM will buy the first round (apparently Canda law forbids an open bar, or so I'm told). Exercise room is small but adequate if all you need is an elliptical, recumbent and regular cycle, tradmill and freeweights. Business Center (2 PCs and a printer) is open 24/7, as is the fitness room. Staff is very helpful. I would stay again.-hm  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>symbiosis379
<Content>Excellent new hotel I obtained this hotel on Priceline for a one-night stay during a leisure trip to Toronto. Upon walking into this hotel, I knew I had scored a great deal. The young woman at the front desk (Erin) was one of the friendliest people I have met at a hotel. She quickly checked me in and gave me a room on the 14th floor. When I walked into my room, I was immediately impressed. It was a large studio suite with modern decor, and it was well-appointed with a full kitchen, spacious bathroom, and flat-screen LCD TV. High-speed internet access is free. The view out of my room was an unobstructed panorama of the CN Tower and Rogers Centre. Since I was only staying for one night, there are many conveniences of the hotel that were lost on me, but in fact were there, like the full kitchen and complimentary hot breakfast. However, I'm sure any business traveler would be very pleased with this extroardinary Residence Inn. I wish I could have stayed longer, but I had already made plans to stay with friends at another hotel for the rest of my visit to Toronto. Unfortunately, even though it ranks higher in star level, I was not nearly as impressed (but that's in a different review). I recommend this hotel to anyone visiting downtown Toronto. It's just a few blocks from the central business district and subways.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kelly088
<Content>Second Time Around My husband and I just got back from a one night stay at the Residence Inn for the second time in the last couple of months. We went with another couple and we booked the 2 bedroom suite. It was extremely large which gave us all privacy. The staff are incredible!!! As this is a new hotel, the rooms are spotless and very chic. The valet parking is a little expensive, but as the location of the hotel is perfect, you will not have to drive anywhere once you arrive (especially if you are going to the theatre). The best part about the hotel is the homey feel. It is so comfortable you will not want to leave. We will definately continue to stay at this hotel everytime we visit Toronto!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>coffee_cake_224
<Content>Stay here! We stayed here for a week in Sept 2007. It was wonderful! This hotel is brand new and just opened in July 2007. I'm very particular about cleanliness, musty smell in room so trust me when I say I highly recommend this hotel!We had 2 king suites on the 11th and 17th floor and they look exactly as the picture posted on the hotel website. We paid $199/per night andbooked through the hotel website because that was the best rate available compared to other websites. The room was huge, the king size bed was very comfortable, there's a dining table for 2, a couch in the sitting area, LCD television, microwave, full fridge, dishwasher, sink, utensils and china. The roomsmelled nice and there was no musty odor at all.The bathroom is American style where the sink is separate from the bathtub and toilet. The sink is outside, the bathtub and toilet are in an enclosed adjacent room. Water pressure is excellent, toilet is made by American Standard which flushes nicely and you just hear a quick shwooosh.There's a complimentary Continental breakfast each morning that includes sausages, hashbrown, muffins, scrambled eggs, cereal, juice, coffee, milk, yogurt, make-your-own-waffles, fresh fruits such as bananas/apples/pears/oranges. Every evening from Monday to Thursday is a manager's night for guests to socialize. The theme is different every night (pizza night, Mexican night, mini hamburger night etc.). If you are a light eater,you could save a lot of money by staying here because all you need is lunch if you have room. There are 2 computers in the dining room across from reception that have free internet access for guests. There is also another computer on the second floor next to the gym and the pool.CN tower is 2 blocks from the hotel, public transit is 2 blocks from the hotel, access to underground mall is 2 blocks from hotel (you go through an office building and it connects to the underground mall). It costs about $6 from the hotel to Chinatown. It costs $50 from hotelto airport if you ask a concierge to call a taxi. If you call the taxiyourself it costs $45.I have stayed in many hotels in North America and this is the best hotel so far in terms of cleanliness, service and furniture quality. Stay here and you will not be disappointed!The only complaint is that the pillows were way too soft for me. I like firm pillows, but these were super soft, downfill pillows where your head just sank into them. I stacked 3 pillows on top of each other to give me the fim support I liked.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Jaegerchick
<Content>Brilliant hotel within walking distance of everything My husband  I stayed at this hotel from 10th - 14th December 2007. Itwas a really nice hotel with everything being brand new. I had requested a high floor and we were lucky enough to have a room on the 21st floor (2114). The rooms are large and spacious, with a separate bedroom  bathroom. The bed itself was extremely comfortable! I cannotfault this hotel at all. The staff were really helpful and courteous at all times. The breakfast was great, a range of cold  hot items so it set you up for the day. I would like to say a big hi to Randolph who looked after the bar in the evenings. He was really informative and helpful, great fun as he always had loads of amusing stories  jokes to tell us, and all in all a really nice guy. A credit to the Marriott hotel. My husband  I walked miles around the place, did all the tourist bits such as CN Tower (had dinner up there for my birthday), went to St Laurence Market Square, Eaton Square etc, China Town, Little Italy etc. Great chinese food in China town, really cheapand good food! We did a day trip to Niagara Falls with Niagara Tours (they do a basic tour just door to door for $60, I am sure that was the name of the company that we used). It's on a Greyhound coach. It was booked through the hotel and we paid $95 each for the trip, as we upgraded on the coach to include the tour itself through Niagara on the lake, the stop at the Helicopter place, my husband did it and said it was really good, plus the trip to the Imax Theatre). It was well worth the extra $35 each from the basic trip.Normally the trip is $105 but we got a discount for already being on the coach from the hotel. The driver was extremely informative, and helpful. We went through Niagara on the lake, spent plenty of time at the falls themselves, which are quite something even in December. This trip was really memorable and I really recommend doing it. We did the journey behind the falls, which gave some great views of the falls from the side etc. The hotel does getogether's in the early evening, offering free nibbles, soft drinks etc, to try and get everyone together. We went onto Montreal for a few days, so do look at my review for that as well. If anyone wants any further information don't hesitate to contact me.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>AussieInVancouver
<Content>Great location, Nice fitout, Good food This Marriott Residence Inn is brand new and very well done. The rooms are large, comfortable and stylish with great beds and linens. The staff are helpful and the included breakfast good quality. The hotel is right in the heart of Toronto's entertainment district, blocks away from theatres, bars, restaurants, the CN tower, the Rogers Centre (Blue Jays), Air Canada Centre (Leafs and Raptors) and Union station for transportation. Definitely recommended for business or personal travel.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>sabretooth316
<Content>Memorable stay Fantastic hotel, I would echo all the positive comments on here. We stayed in a 2 bed/2 bath suite. It was massive, almost like my dream apartment! 3 30 LCD Tvs and so spacious! Excellent value. The hotel is also close to the nightlife district in Toronto as well as the CN Tower and Union station. Front desk were on the ball and were eager to help us make the most of our stay, whether it be by recommending places to go or booking a car to take us to the airport. Finally, the breakfast was so varied and delicious! Top marks.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>slumberdudes
<Content>thumbs up!!! This is a terrific hotel. We relied on Trip Advisor and booked a number of rooms for 2 nights in September 2007. Hotel staff is excellent. Attentive and willing to assist with any questions or issues that arise. Hazel was a gem. Hotel is new and clean. Rooms - especially 2 bedroom suites, are large and very comfortable. The suites are a deal as the beds are big enough for 2 to sleep comfortably and the pull out sofa can accomodate 2 people. The kitchens allow you ample room and kitchenware to cook - micro, dishes, big fridge, coffee pot etc. Perfect set up if you don't want to eat all your meals out. 2 large bathrooms in the 2 bedroom suites with ample towels and bath products. TVs are flat screen and good. Hot breakfast is nice. Evening happy hour has some good snacks and if the Tin Whistle Brewery is hosting FREE BEER!!! 2-3 blocks from Rogers Centre, CN Tower and walking distance to good restaurants and entertainment. If traveling with kids this is a good choice because of the spacious suites, kitchens and breakfast. The regular studios were also very nice and good size. Upon our return to Toronto this will be our first choice of hotels!!!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>love_travel_13
<Content>A great hotel, expensive parking... I read the reviews of this hotel before booking. Most of the positives are true to form, and the pictures accurately show the nice decor of the hotel and room. A few tips for future guests:1) There is not much of a loading/unloading area for guests. There is one lane available on a small one lane street (Wellington). We were nervous about leaving the car there for an extended period, but it seems you can leave it there as long as you need to unload and take the things up to your room. I didn't see anyone monitoring the cars parked there.2) The valet service is $30 a day and way too much money for us! We read on this site of an underground garage behind the hotel, about a 30 second walk. It is in the alley right behind the hotel. Note that the hotel seemed ambiguous about helping us find alternative parking (understandably). We went to the attendant and he told us it would be $40 for our three day/two night weekend stay. I thought that was high (after seeing a surface lot for less $$) and was inclined to check elsewhere. When we indicated we might find something cheaper, he lowered the rate to $30. I guess you can barter! Also note the hours on the structure; I believe there is no attendant between 3 am and 7 am. He gave us the code to open the gate if we needed to move our car outside of those times. 3) On a personal note, there is a great restaurant on King Street (north side), a few blocks east of the hotel and east of the theaters. Keep your eyes open for it, as you enter a few steps below street level. It is called Big Daddy's and specializes in creole/cajun type food. Great ambiance and service. We went there twice, one to eat and once for drinks. Weekdays before 6 is happy hour w/ a great selection of low priced appetizers/small plates, and buck and shuck oysters. They are great!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Ceallaigh
<Content>Good, but needs some help The staff was wonderful--friendly, helpful, always smiling. The hotel was clean, room was spacious (king studio). The breakfast in the morning is real food with decent variety, although it's crowded. We were never in the hotel for the evening receptions, so can't comment on them. The kitchen has a full-size refrigerator, but the king studio has two burners on the counter and a microwave--no oven. If you are in Toronto to go to plays, Second City and the symphony, this hotel is right there within walking distance of everything. It's five blocks to the subway, but only a block and a half to a cable car that will take you to the subway. The Airport Express bus doesn't come to this hotel--leaves you at the Holiday Inn on King about a block and a half away. HOWEVER, during our nine days there, we had use of all three elevators only three days. There is no service elevator, so the staff was always using the guest elevators--they were very accomadating--if there were guests, the staff got off without a word, but it was very inefficient and I always hated that they couldn't get their work done because 1) not all the elevators worked and 2) they didn't have an elevator of their own so they could get where they were going without having to wait. We tried to use the laundry in the hotel and there was no soap in the vending machine. There was no soap anywhere in the hotel. Again, the staff was wonderful--they went to a store and bought a box of Tide for us and then left a nice little gift in our room as an apology that we had to wait 1/2 hour to do our laundry. It's not a big thing and we're not downgrading the hotel for it, but it's a symptom of a bigger problem, I think--lack of planning. It's a comfortable, clean hotel, reasonably close to public transportation, in the heart of the entertainment district, with some problems that need to be worked out.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dira
<Content>horrible service I was treated very horribly by the staff at this hotel, I would not recommend it to anyone no matter who you are. Maybe its because they are new they don't know how to treat guests but I can tell you this much they ruined my entire stay and never bothered to do anything about it,until I took action. I am disappointed that a Marriott would act like this, but atleast now you know that they are not capable of effectively dealing with problem resolution during your stay.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	4	1	1	4	

<Author>hnswst
<Content>Victim of its own sucess ? No doubt due to the reviews here the Residence Inn is very popular, and deservedly so. Maybe we were just unlucky, but there were only two lifts working during our stay, which led to some long waits. One evening there was only one lift working, and the power went off briefly. So, yes, it's as good as everybody here says it is, but Marriott need to keep their eye in the ball  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>janices7
<Content>Great Location  We stayed in the Residence Inn Toronto for 3 nights. Upon checking in, they upgraded us to a 1 bedroom suite which was huge. It has a full kitchen, dining table and living room with flat screen TV and windows with a view of the harbor and city. The separate bedroom had a super comfy bed and its own window with city views and the bathroom had a large vanity with a separate shower/toilet area. The room was fabulous and clean.The hotel is in the entertainment district which means there are tons of restaurants, shops and shows/comedy clubs within walking distance. In addition, the CN Tower and baseball stadium are within a few blocks and the entire harbor is about a 10 or 15 minute walk. We took the double decker hop on-off bus tour of the city which had stops within a block of the hotel so we saw the entire city as well as Casa Loma (which is definitely worth a visit) on a 2 day pass. We used the Grayline bus company, but I would never use them again. The buses were always 20 to 30 minutes late and they even went right by us even though we were standing at the stop waving when he flew by. Everyone that was on the Yellow Double Decker bus tour seemed to be much happier and the buses looked newer than the old run-down red gray line buses.Several nights during the week that had free late afternoon drinks and appetizers in the lobby with food like fajitas, pizzas, pastas etc. The breakfast buffet was out of this world with make your own Belgian waffles, eggs, bacon, sausage, toast, muffins, bagels, breakfast potatoes, juices, coffee and more. We would definitely stay at this little gem in Toronto again!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>solituda
<Content>Definitely a New Favourite! The Residence definitely deserves both the praise and the high rankings it receives! We stayed at this hotel over the weekend and it was great. I had reqested a high floor and the staff put us on the 22nd - the top floor. I couldn't ask for any better then that eh! The room was quiet and spotlessly clean, and the view over Toronto was lovely. We had no trouble getting a table for the breakfast buffet either morning, and were quite surprised at the variety of food as the breakfast was included and Toronto hotels are notorious for not doing this! The only slight drawback - but not enough to deter us from staying here again - was the valet parking area was a bit chaotic. However that could be the city's fault - not the hotel's!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>davidf37
<Content>Perfect Location, Great Hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>momxthree
<Content>The three "C"s comfortable, clean, convenient We spent one night at the Residence Inn and were thrilled with our experience. The rooms were the cleanest I've ever seen and the staff went above and beyond to ensure that our needs were met. Great room, great staff, great hotel!!!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MaturemanL
<Content>Deservedly Ranked #1 in Toronto! Recently stayed twice at the Residence Inn in Downtown Toronto at the beginning and end of a 3 week tour of Eastern Canada and New England.The hotel is new or at least newly refurbished and anyone who spends time in hotels knows how rare this is!We were 2 adults + 1 child and we stayed in a studio suite which proved to be very spacious,great kitchen with coffee machine,dishwasher,micro,full size fridge etc.The room had a large screen LG Plasma TV and the bed was a huge Kingsize !Lobby is small as is usual for Residence Inns and the breakfast room was overcrowded on a weekday morning.Indoor pool was fabulous together with a jacuzzi and a full size exercise room with treadmills,weights etc.Every room has high speed internet cable and just of the pool is a small business annex with 2 computers hooked up to the internet if you didn't bring a laptop.Location is superb - right in the entertainment neighbourhood,2 blocks from the CN Tower and the Rodgers center.Staff was extremely helpful for any request we made and especially the doormen and bellboys went out of their way with the luggage,ordering taxi's etc.A wonderful hotel and definitely my first choice for any stay in Toronto!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>baffinboy
<Content>Very Nice       Bathroom  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>liquiddemon
<Content>The best hotel I've stayed at in Toronto I know what you're thinking if you're reading all these glowing reviews ... can it really be as good as they say? Well, I say ... yes! In my opinion the rooms are perfect with all the amenities as advertised. The staff was very cordial. The breakfast was wonderful and I did not have any problem with line-ups (although I was there at 7am one morning and 8am the next). Didn't make it to the pool or excercise room so I cannot comment on those. I much preferred this hotel to the Hilton or the Sheraton Centre. No flashy lobby at the Residence Inn like those places. If that impresses you then stay there. Otherwise, stay here.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Kevin-Teresa
<Content>Lived up to reputation :-) Myself  my wife recently stayed at the Residence for four nights based on the reviews other travellers had posted on Tripadvisor. Had originally been booked into the suites at 1 King West but jumped ship as their reviews plummeted and am soooo glad we did. Found the accommodation excellent, the staff surprisingly helpful, genuine and friendly....was not forced in the least and the location spot on. The CN Tower and Rogers Stadium are about a 5 min walk away, theatres, restaurants etc are equally convenient. This is not a stuffy hotel....it is relaxed, friendly, well equipped and value for money. With regard breakfast, it can get busy but was not the mayhem we had anticipated and was plentiful and lip smacking good. My only criticism and it is minor was that the air conditioning was noisy but could be either turned to low or off completely. The fridge did tend to take on a life of its own during the night and was also noisy but then again I am a light sleeper and overall its a thumbs up from us. I would happily recommend this hotel to any fellow travellers in the full knowledge that they would NOT be disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>britfan3273
<Content>Great new hotel Beautiful new rooms with all the amentiies. Very clean and spacious. Generous buffet complimentry breakfast included with stay. The only thing was, is that there were no vending machines, no where to get food late at night except for the market across the street, which was also closed. Othere than that, absolutely no complaints.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>RedHeadGo
<Content>Good stuff! What a great hotel! It is located within walking distance of various arenas, restaurants and bars and very walkable to the trolley or subway (is about 10 minutes). There is a parking garage on the alley behind the hotel, where we parked for a much better rate than valet, if you leave the lobby and walk to the right of the hotel, it is in the alley to your immediate right. The check-in staff was quick and professional and assigned us a room just as we requested. Our room was incredibly nice, just as everyone had stated in their reviews. As you walk in there is a full kitchen with all the amenities including a toaster, glass top oven range, fridge, microwave, dishes, paper towels, dish soap, everything you would need to cook a meal. There was a nice desk with chair (no free high speed, which was incredibly disappointing, as I thought all Residence Inn's had free high speed). There was also a fold out sofa, another chair and some tables (including a kitchen style table), so there was plenty of room to spread out. The studio suite had a nice large king sized bed that was high off the ground. Only peeve is that it was literally a foot from the windows. Noise wasn't terrible from the outside (since we were so high up), however we did get woken up a few times throughout the night with sirens and things. We didn't hear much of any inside noise, except for a few people in the hallway, so the construction must be good. There was a nice mix of feather/poly pillows on the comfortable bed and the linens were clean. There is a fantastic LG TV that had a ton of international channels with CC, it was in analog mode, but still looked quite nice. There is a large closet with ample hangers and nice new iron with ironing board. Ample drawers for your things. The bathroom was a good size and including a vanity outside the toilet/shower area. Nice soft towels. Was clean and had good water pressure.The free breakfast was wonderful, eggs, sausage, waffle maker, yogurt with toppings, oatmeal, toast, Danish, juices, coffee, etc. The wait was crazy the first morning and there was a line, I just wanted to take something to the room, and didn't want to wait. The next morning, luckily, no line. They provided a tray so I could carry my goodies to the room, was excellent.There is a business center next to the pool, was a bit too small with two PC's and printers, and the ink was out while we were there. Too many kids using it for e-mail and since it was tucked away, there was no regulation. Indoor pool looked nice. Didn't get a chance to see the exercise room.There is a Tim Horton's right around the corner (thank goodness!) and we ate at a Quizno's one night out of desperation. The snack shop in the hotel is not great, they really need to add more snacks (candy, chips, pretzels, etc.). Luckily there is also a grocery store across from the hotel. My two complaints with Toronto, a lot of the places we went to (including the subway) aren't taking credit cards just yet, so bring a lot of cash with you. Second, some of the locals don't tend to tell you how long of a walk you are getting into. A few blocks to me usually means like 3-4. We were sent on a few wild goose chases that ended up being 1-2 miles. Just be sure you map out where you want to go and understand the walking you are getting into 飦?br/>Overall, this is a clean, newer hotel in a decent part of town. It is in a quiet area of the city, which can equate to boredom, so make sure you have some activities planned. Bring lots of cash, and your walking shoes!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>PeterOregon
<Content>Great Place An outstanding, new hotel, well located downtown: fair room prices; large suites with all necessary amenities and nicely decorated in a modern style; luxurious linens and comfortable beds; friendly staff; generous breakfasts along with varying evening snacks and drinks. A real gem, equivalent to other hotels that charge twice as much.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TinaF
<Content>Fantastic location We stayed here for one night on the 3rd leg of our Honeymoon and it was fantastic, we had a suite with a little kitchen and a lounge and a large bedroom. We were travelling with our 7 year old little girl.The location was great as it was only a 10 - 15 min walk to the CN Tower which was great.In the morning we received a complementary breakfast which was great and it set us up for the day.Would definatly stay here if we returned to Toronto.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>jennalulu
<Content>A wonderful gem in Entertainment District Four of us stayed at the Residence Inn for the Toronto Film Festival, and were extremely pleased with our stay. Check in was a breeze, the rooms were completely clean and decorated in upscale modern furnishing, with flat screen tv's in both rooms (one queen, one king) and the living room, dishwasher, full fridge, microwave and cooking range. Pullout sofa bed was comfortable, and there were more than enough pillows and blankets for everyone. We brought our free breakfast buffet items up to our rooms both days, as it seemed a bit busy, and some of our party was still getting ready to leave for the day. This didn't seem to be a problem.A fantastic gem right around the corner from great shopping and eating, as well as many of the major theaters.Two small issues. During the first morning, apparently two of us were using hair dryers in each of the bathrooms at the same time, and must have blown a fuse. We mentioned this to the front desk when leaving for the day, and it was fixed upon our return. Also, there is no on site parking. We chose to go around the corner from the hotel and parked in a basement lot, which seemed reasonable for $40 CAN for two nights. When we went to get our car out on Sunday morning, the lot was locked, but the attendant showed us how to open the doors. We were one of about 6 cars left in the lot. Probably won't park here again, although it wasn't too much of an inconvenience. There was an open lot available for parking around the corner from the hotel. This won't deter us from staying here again!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>nowzer
<Content>Wonderful place to stay. This is a fairly new hotel when we stayed there. There were a couple of construction quirks still going on at the time. They were still working on the sidewalk in front of the door and the whirlpool was very cold.The room was great. Location was great, especially if you were going to a ballgame. Staff tried to be helpful but some of them were new to the area also.Loved the evening snack. One night it was so good we made it a meal.The only problem was breakfast was crowded, there wasn't enough seating and the staff was having trouble keeping up with plates and silverware. The food was great, it was the best oatmeal I 've ever had and that is saying something.Would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Andrew_and_Natalya
<Content>Amazing city centre hotel!!!! Why, why, why can鈥檛 we do this in England. You鈥檒l see we鈥檝e given this hotel 5 stars and I鈥檒l explain the main reason why. 拢70 a night including breakfast in peak summer season and it鈥檚 slap bang in the centre of Toronto with the Rogers Centre and CN Tower less than 5 minutes walk away! Also, there are loads of restaurants nearby and the theatre district 鈥?see Evil Dead the Musical, that鈥檚 all I鈥檒l say on the matter. The rooms are huge, I don鈥檛 think you鈥檒l really appreciate this until you arrive. Even if you don鈥檛 intend to self cater the kitchen is great as you can store drinks and snacks in the enormous fridge and make tea in the microwave. There are some other things that make it great 鈥?recent films and entertainment via your TV that are not an absolute con to watch, good sized bathrooms, a large safe, loads of hangers (sounds silly but so many places don鈥檛), free popcorn, free tea and coffee and internet access in the lobby, the list goes on. Some minor quibbles - the swimming pool complex was a bit disappointing for a hotel of the size and the breakfast room was too small to accommodate the hundreds of people who descended 15 minutes before breakfast finished!! However, these are minor things. English hotels take note, this is how you do a city centre hotel, I鈥檝e stayed in rubbish hotels in small towns in England that have cost twice as much.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gypsyeyes73
<Content>Exceptional!!! We stayed at Residence Inn late August. It was built this year (2007) and the rooms are immaculate, we got a one bedroom suite on the ninth floor and it was very tastefully decorated, just beautiful, the rooms look exactly like the pictures. It was in a great area as well as I was not afraid to walk around in the evening with my 5 year old daughter. WIthin walking distance of Via rail, CN tower, airport shuttle (in front of Fairmont royal york). Hotel staff was so friendly and the hot breakfast in the morning was delicious (tip: go early to avoid crowds, but if it is crowded, ask for a tray and bring the food to your room). The pool is about 4 feet deep all around so if you go with a young child, be sure to bring some sort of floaty device for them.I can't say enough about this hotel!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>modem77
<Content>Great location  This hotel is in a great location downtown. It's one block from the CN tower! It's also a new hotel that opened in 2007. The hotel staff were friendly. There's an indoor pool  jacuzzi along w/ workout room. The best was the free continental breakfast. I expected something like fruits  muffins but was treated to a hot breakfast bar w/ eggs, bacon, pancakes, etc. It was unbelievable. If you stay there for the wknd which we did, park in the garage behind the hotel for $10 all day if you don't plan to use your car, otherwise, you can valet park w/ the hotel for $28/day and take your car in  out as often as needed.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sworl
<Content>Loved it...... I am about to echo the previous reviews, but I am writing one anyway. We just stayed there for two nights, I had booked a 1 bedroom suite, as that was all that was available at the time of booking, when we arrived, I asked if a 2 bedroom was available since there were 4 of us, and there was (I kind of figured there would be, somehow I didn't believe there were none available). Anyway we got it at the same rate as the 1 bedroom, and it was fantastic. We each had a bedroom, my kids shared the room, great tv's in each room, flat screen tv's. There is a living room with a sofabed, full kitchen with dishwasher, stove and full fridge, with dishes, cutlery, pots and pans, etc. Everything you need for a long stay. The location is good, close to the entertainment district, with varied choices of restaurants on King Street West, many ethnic restaurants so quite a good choice of food selections. Close to Skydome too and not far from restaurants at Front near Simcoe Street either. The only downside is the parking fee which is $30 a night for valet parking, a bit steep and since the hotel is so new, staff working the valet parking seemed a bit disoriented, but I am sure that will change. The staff at the front desk and at the breakfast room and at the bar were friendly and helpful. The breakfast was good but the room fills up quickly, so be there early or you will have a short wait before you are seated. We didn't try the snacks at the manager's reception - but it sure smelled good (they were serving pizza the evening we were there). It is a lovely hotel, the room is beautifully decorated and the location is great. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, be it a family or singles. IT WAS GREAT !  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>casemnor
<Content>Not my first choice I've stayed here a couple times for business travel and it is an ok place. The hotel is new so the rooms are fairly well appointed, but I must say, I've stayed in 4 different rooms and the AC is exceptionally loud in each of them.Had some minor issues with amenities (skimpy on the towels, service issues such as a non-functioning socket) took several requests to amend. I didn't even bother to complain about the door to the bathroom that wouldn't shut due to previous water damage.Elevators can be slow during rush times. Breakfast can be a bit fo a zoo. On the weekends, the breakfast is just impossible withpeople carting plateloads of food from the buffet and long lines.The location is a bit of a pain as it is on the westside of town and a bit of a schelp to the heart of the business district, and about a 5-10 minute walk to the closest subway.Good choice for families b/c of free breakfast and snack in afternoon, and given the plethora of children...a child friendly crowd. (One principle reason for staying here this last time around was that my 2 year old came up for a week, and I wanted a place where I wouldn't worry that a stray tantrum would ruin someone's romantic getaway). My preference is to stay elsewhere, somewhere closer to yonge, but I wouldn't refuse to stay here again.One thing for management to note: One of the young chaps that works the evening shifts was often observed out of eyesight of the front door having a smoke with young (possibly underage) teenage girl guests. Parents beware.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LondonTravelbug
<Content>Fantastic hotel There's not a huge amount I can add to other reviews, as this hotel is as great as everyone says, but thought I would add my comments to keep it at no 1 in Toronto!The location is great for the CN Tower, which you need to get to fairly early to avoid the queues, and the SkyDome, if you get the chance to go a baseball game. It's not too far to the subway, but it worked out to be around the same price to get a cab from the city centre than 2 subway tickets, which was great when you have tired feet and lots of shopping bags! You can easily walk to good restaurants and entertainment from the hotel.The only slight downside was the breakfast, in that it was very busy and a (lukewarm) buffet. If you prefer a cooked to order breakfast, Cora's on Blue Jays Way is just around the corner and serves the most incredible pancakes, along with the usual breakfast fare - excellent food, but beware of the queues on game days - there was a queue right down the street about lunchtime.As others have said, the rooms are incredible, housekeeping perfect and the use of free internet in the business centre (if you dont have a laptop) is great for checking your email and checking in online with BA (which is such a great idea). Sadly didn't have a chance to use the pool, but it was very clean and had a whirlpool.Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>punkparents
<Content>Simply the nicest hotel we have EVER stayed at. We chose this hotel for it's excellent location near the Metro Toronto Convention Centre. It is an all suites hotel and the room we had was fabulous. It was very clean and well supplied. There was a King sized bed in the seperate bedroom that was like sleeping on a cloud! The kids loved the fact that there were two tv's! Beyond the fabulous room was the extras that came along with our $209.00 a night. A FULL hot breakfast buffet every morning and a cocktail reception each night. The indoor pool is great and the hot tub was very relaxing after a long day at our convention. The most memorable part of our stay was the impecable service.The Marriott team is to be praised for their attentivness and politeness. Everyone from the Valet that meets you at the door to the team at the Front Desk are the most professional group that we have encountered to date (and we have stayed at MANY hotels over the years).Thank you, Marriott, for making our trip to Toronto the best.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TamarKB
<Content>A fantastic stay!! We did a lot of research to find a reasonably affordable, safe, and convenient location to stay on our vacation in Toronto. We read many reviews on Trip Advisor, Travelocity, etc., and were scared off many places that looked attractive on the properties' Web sites. We ultimately decided to go with this Residence Inn, mostly because it had consistently good reviews, especially as concerned safety of location and convenience.We were absolutely delighted with the property and its services. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. We were able to check in early (a plus for us because check-in time is 4:00 PM and our flight arrived at 1:00 PM). We had a king suite (one king bed, a sofabed, and a full kitchen. The room was very elegantly appointed and was big enough for my husband and myself and our 17 year-old son, who slept on the sofabed. There was a wide-screen TV in the room which swiveled so that you could see it whether you were on the bed or sitting on the couch. The rooms have small safes in the closet (big enough for our laptop and other small valuables). There is free wireless Internet service which even our laptop with Windows Vista loaded onto could connect to in a second (not true at subsequent hotels, which required some fancy work-arounds to get connected).The bed was extremely comfortable and the towels were thick and absorbent. They offer you the option of not washing your towels and linen every day (which we took to save energy), and the housekeeping was immaculate.The complimentary breakfast is sumptuous and very generous in its choices. The dining area features china and real cutlery (no plastic here!) and staff which kept the tables clean and the food refilled before you could ask for more.The hotel is located in the Entertainment district in Toronto, providing easy access to the harbourfront area, including the CN Tower and the Rogers Centre. We did not have a car during our stay, and were able to walk to many, many attractions. Toronto is an incredibly pedestrian-friendly city, and we encountered not one problem, even when walking through areas that looked a bit unsavory at night. We took public transport to the Casa Loma, though we did walk to the Royal Ontario Museum (about 45 minute walk). Public transport is affordable and easy, so we recommend it highly. No need for a car in Toronto unless you want to travel to outer areas of the city. Finally, there is a nice size pool and hot tub, exercise facilities. The pool is open until 11 PM, and on two occasions I took advantage of the hot tub to soothe my aching feet and back (as I said, we walked a lot).I can't recommend this hotel highly enough. We had a fantastic stay!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bear79
<Content>5* quality I was so excited when I arrived at this brand spanking new hotel. The King Studio was bigger than my 1br flat in London!! The room included a kitchen with everything you'd need, including dishwasher, ice machine and microwave. You get 1 bag of microwave popcorn in your room and there is even a 'popcorn' button on the microwave. They've thought of everything! The bed was super comfy and the air conditioning was much quieter than other hotels I've stayed in over the past couple of months.Breakfast had quite a good selection and there were no issues with taking a plate of food to your room to enjoy.I can't recommend this hotel highly enough! Toronto's a great City and I hope to get back to the Residence Inn again one day.(NB: We paid $140 (including tax) a night which was dirt cheap for the quality of this hotel)  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Buonviaggetto
<Content>Great Location, New Hotel close to CN Tower Great Location near the CN Tower. Friendly staff with lots of tips for the city. I would have given it a 5 but the wait for the elevators was way too long. The staff suggested the 22nd floor for the views and our room was great, but only 2 of 3 elevators were working the 3 days we stayed. We would wait a long time for an elevator in the lobby and then stop all the way up and all the way down. I would stay again!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Olofvilla
<Content>Great Hotel Great Value Stayed here for 5 nights 23rd JulyStayed on 22nd Floor, look out the window and the CN tower is right there.Reception staff were superb, very helpful and always smilingLoved the Large flat screen TV, room had lovely comfy king size bed and aircon was great, Toronto was 32 degrees and humid the week i was there.Good power shower and liked the fact the sink was outside the main bathroomHad no trouble with lifts and breakfast was an added bonus for freeLimo back to airport was well worth the extra few dollars arranged at reception.cant fault it , helped make a great stay and well worth checking out tripadvisor before i booked.top tip - I took a train to Niagara Falls , it was not the most pleasant of journey's , there was also an hour and half delay coming back as checking passports at Niagara station as the train comes via New york- pay a bit extra and take a coach tour !! $69 dollar return on train was poor  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>readymade
<Content>Nice Hotel, but Location Overrated This is a very nice hotel, with all the Residence Inn amenities. I had one of the smallest rooms ($50 on Priceline), but it was still quite spacious and nicely furnished. Wireless internet was free and worked well. Everything is still spanking new, and staff hasn't had time to develop an attitude (plus, they're Canadian, so they're pretty nice naturally). I picked up my free newspaper in the little pantry kiosk near the entrance. I also got some microwave popcorn there one night, took it to the desk, and the guy ended up not even charging me. (I found out at checkout that there's some in the room with the coffee--I didn't see it.) I only went to breakfast one morning. Super crowded, lots of families with kids, 5-10 minute wait for a table. It's a nice spread, just so packed with people it's hard to get to. It's been the same way at other Residence Inns where I have stayed. I didn't sample the evening hors d'oeuvres. Rooms were very soundproof; I had noisy neighbors one night but only knew because I heard them through the door when I went out in the hall.I found the location less than desirable for my purposes, however. It was well over 5 minutes BRISK walk to the St. Andrew Station. I suppose it's good if you want to go to the theater and King St. W., and the CN tower, but it's far from Yonge and the Eaton Center and other places I wanted to go. Since it was mostly families with kids there, I guess that's who has been writing reviews! They'd be more likely to find the location good.Parking: $30 valet is no bargain. When I arrived the doormen seemed clueless about alternatives. I asked about surface lots; one guy said not to use the one at the end of the block on Wellington, but the one down Windsor (the small side street immediately in front of the hotel) and Front. I went around the block, and asked the attendant about staying from Tuesday until Saturday afternoon. He looked shocked, then said it would be cheaper to use the parking garage. It's underground, accessible on Windsor, and right next door to the hotel. My total cost from Tues. PM until Sat. afternoon was $61. It's up to $12 for weekday, $5 off hours, so $17/day weekdays, and $5 for an evening or weekend. Interestingly, they did NOT charge me any special events rates, and there were several during my stay. No in-and-out; you pay each time you exit. The only downside was the pedestrian entrance is through the office building facing Front, and that was a little awkward.All in all, a great place except for location.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>jimmyschippy
<Content>Get It While It's Hot Just returned from a 10 night stay here and can only echo what everyone has posted on here. The hotel is only a five minute walk from the Subway (St. Andrew) and the superb Harbourfront. On very hot or very cold days, you can access the PATH system at the CBC Studios one block away. All the staff at the hotel are extremely courteous and the people who work at reception are very helpful with great knowledge of the local area. Problems with tables at breakfast and the lifts are true, but not a big enough problem for me to mark this hotel down. The food at breakfast was plentiful, well cooked and presented and if there was queue the dining staff made sure that tables were cleared as soon as the occupiers left (we were always down for breakfast by 8.00am at the latest and never had a wait). We would return here without question on our next trip to Toronto.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>linda247
<Content>What more could you want in a hotel? Location: Excellent. it's not exactly in the downtown core (ie: bloor, yonge) but everything is really in walking distance and there are plenty of streetcars running down Spadina. Less than a 10 minute walk to the entertainment district where all the clubs/lounges are. Our room (3rd floor) was quiet still and we had a great view of the cn tower (which is now lit up nightly!). There are 24hr grocery stores down the street but we traveled a bit further down to harbourfront (less than 10 minutes by bus) to get to the 24hr Sobeys. Room: The room looked EXACTLY like the pictures shown on Marriott's website-amazing! I find this is rare when it comes to hotel photos of their rooms. Everything was very clean and the room is super spacious. The bathroom is huge even though the sink is located outside of it. Bed was great, but a little high for me b/c I'm 5'3! Requested extra feather pillows which came immediately. A minor complaint: in our kitchen, the tiles were raised slightly higher than the carpet surrounding it, and when I stepped on this border, I received a cut to the bottom of my foot. Of course, this was not something that has lowered my rating of this hotel!Bonus:Parking was expensive at the hotel ($30/day-valet) and there were no more spots when we checked in at 4pm Saturday. We went down the corner to find parking and got a rate of $20 for the entire weekend! We got luckier still because the attendant decided to charge us only$15 in the end, after some smalltalk!Of course, a very good thing was the free breakfast buffet that is definitely crowded but worth the wait (which isnt even that long). They were lacking bacon but it was no biggie b/c you can just go upstairs to your suite's kitchen and make some!Overall:This was an incredible hotel for a great value. I booked the hotel early July and I think prices may have increased since then (rates seem to be 189+ now), but I don't blame them because it's still cheaper than the arm  leg prices of the 'fancier' downtown toronto hotels, that are older and arent even suites. I would definitely come here again (even though I live in toronto!) and have been raving about this hotel to everyone who will listen to me!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hthcorp
<Content>What's Not To Like? First time in Toronto---very clean city with a lot of new buildings. The Residence Inn is one of those new buldings. Very convenient location. A few block walk to the ballpark, plenty to see  do within a 10-15 minute walk. The staff of the hotel is superb. Very helpful  knowledgable. Breakfast comes included in the cost of the room. Highly recommend staying at Residence Inn!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>khash
<Content>excellent place to stay we just returned from a one week stay at this hotel. we loved the place. we had a one bedroom suite on 22nd floor. great views, v clean room. no problems with elevator. breakfast was always busy but you got to sit down within 5- 10mins, always fully stocked. some days i could not go down as our 2yr old was sleeping but my husband was able to get me all i needed.i won't repeat the previous reviwers' comments but just say i completely agree. great location. 1 block from cn tower and rogers centre. shopping eating all nearby by walk. staff are fabolous. nothing is too much trouble. spa great, always long waits for computer access but if you go down really early/late no prob!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lulumama
<Content>a gem in the marroitt chain incredible hotel-wonderful manager which translates to helpful sevice and smilng guests-a true gem  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beachlover325
<Content>Highly Recommend Residence Inn Downtown Toronto!       Room 2111  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mackybree
<Content>Perfect Hotel!!! Highly Recommended!!! We stayed their for one week and all I can say is Stay Here. Its really worth it! The hotel is very new. If I'm not mistaken we are the first guest who stayed in our hotel room. The staff are very effective and efficient. and I really enjoyed their buffet breakfast.The heated pool is also great. It's close to the public transport and the entertainment district is just a stone throw away!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>EVIEGrandRapids
<Content>Fantastic Hotel!       BEAUTIFUL LIVING AREA/EVIETGRANDRAPIDS  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JamboAl
<Content>Highly Recommend for both Business and Holidays I just got back from a 2 night stay here and the hotel is first rate! I know this is a new hotel and the facilities are excellent and extremely well kept; however, the staff has to be recommended for their attitude and customer service. My father, who came along with me on this business trip, is rather picky about hotels. He couldn't stop saying to me how good the staff were and is now recommending this hotel to all of his fellow seniors. The location is perfect for downtown and the financial district as well. Couldn't go wrong picking this place.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tymetraveler222
<Content>Great Hotel - Stay Here.... We were extremely pleased with our hotel accomodations on our 4 day trip to Toronto. The hotel is conveniently located-a few blocks from the subway, and steps from busses and cabs. It is very close to the CN tower, theatres, the harbor and 2 blocks from a slew of restaurants. Check-in was quick and efficient. The valet will park your car, and take your luggage up to your room. The room is lovely! We had a room on the 19th floor (I was asked what floor I wanted to be on, and with what view) with a view of the CN tower, and other buildings, and a parking lot and high-voltage power system...! The kitchen has lovely cabinets/counter tops. They provide all the dishware, glassware, silverware, utensils, cookware, bakeware you could want. A toaster and coffee maker, a large frig, a microwave, a dishwasher, sink, 2 burner stove complete the picture. They provide you with a water pitcher, salt/pepper, coffee/tea packets, sugar, dish soap, dish towels/cloths, dishwasher soap, a scrubbing brush. The table sat 4, and all the seats were very comfortable. There is a shelf one can put their items on as soon as you enter the front door-handy for putting things that you need to take with you each day-like the backpack, sunglasses, keys etc. The entry is tiled, so you have a place to kick off your wet shoes/boots. The living area has a desk, with phone, large, swivel rocking chair. The couch was rather modern and cool! It is a sofa bed, and has 2 decorative pillows. There are two reclining chairs (no footrest). One chair is by the couch, and the other in a corner, with a good reading lamp to use. The small coffee table has a rolling ottoman parked underneath. There is also an end table. The lighting in the entire room is wonderful! The bedding area has a VERY COMFORTABLE king size bed, with lovely linens. 5 pillows, of different materials. One side has a night stand with 3 drawers, lamp, clock/CD player/ radio combo and phone. Other side another end table. Two large windows, one opens a small bit. The TV is flat screen and large paneled, and it swivels from the bedding area to the living area. The cabinet it sits on has 6 drawers. The bath area has a mirrored closet, which has several hangers, a safe, an ironing board/iron and luggage rack. The sink has 2 drawers, and an open space below for your toiletries. The bathroom has a good tub, with adjustable head, and toilet. All marble etc.! Toiletries provided are decent. The colors in our room were tan, brown and navy blue. Everything went well together, and provided a soothing environment. We really enjoyed the room.The breakfast: Well, this is where I have to complain. The food was actually good, plentiful. But getting it out fast enough for the THRONGS of people using it, seemed to take great effort. The tables needed bussing on a continuous basis, and I did not see that. They are just overwhelmed in this area, this needs to improve.Staff were all friendly, the public areas small, but nice. The pool, hot tub, business center, and work-out areas are small, but adequate. You can use the business center to check your email. There is also a small store (free newspapers) to buy items, but go 1/4 block up the street to a 24 hour market...!Parking: do not do the valet parking-we did-and it was a waste of money. $30 a day is ridiculous, (with in/out priveleges) you can park at a small lot at Blue Jay's Way (1 block) for much cheaper. Also the ramp beside the hotel was cheaper also, wish we had checked into that before agreeing to the valet parking. It took them a bit longer than they say it will to retrieve your car.All in all, a great place to stay, and we had a decent AAA rate, considering this is a new hotel, for a mid-summer holiday.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lettketch
<Content>great stay       view from 16th floor  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JoeKH
<Content>Wonderful location and rooms The hotel is is a wonderful location. We went with the family for a weekend to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary. The proximity to the theater district was the reason for the choice.Now, the staff was helpful, rooms were immaculate and well furnished with large LCD TVs. The beds were also very comfortable at this new, modern facility.Now the negatives.... Parking is a ways away and valet appears to be the only good option. This was a problem, my car was delivered to me emitting odors from the clutch and brakes. Apparently, the valet personnel was not able to drive a manual transmission vehicle or know enough to find the emergency brake release.Breakfast on weekend - it is great that they provide a great free breakfast like all Residence Inns. Be prepared for a very crowded situation during the weekends at mid-morning. I am sure this is not a surprise to most folks. But, it may be difficult to find a table or have fully-stocked buffet.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>scott28w
<Content>A Very Nice place In the Heart of the Entertainment Disctrict Just got back from a two night weekend stay at the Residence Inn Downtown/Entertainment District in Toronto. Our group consisted of 20-24 year olds. We came to Toronto to go to a baseball game and then go out to the clubs at night. I don't think we could've picked a better Hotel for the price we paid. The Hotel:We had 3 King-Studio Suites booked through Hotels.com. After booking online I called the hotel directly the next day and requested that the rooms be on the highest floor possible with a good view. We ended up on the 21st floor (out of 22) which was great. The rooms were very clean, large and comfortable. Each had a flat LCD television which was nice. The kitchen was stocked with dishes, pots, pans, etc. which was great when we wanted to make late-night snacks. I used the wireless internet which worked flawlessly. Overall, the rooms were top class for a group our age. The pool was nice and was open from 5am - 11pm. The complimentary breakfast was also good and open later on the weekend (until 11am). I recommend getting there earlier than 10 minutes before 11. There was a long line at the time. The staff was very very nice. The front desk was helpful and available for all of our questions and needs. The maids were also very flexible with cleaning the rooms in the morning/afternoon. The only negative thing I can think of for the hotels are the elevators. There are 3 total and generally you're going to wait a good 3 minutes for one to come. They are fast though once you're in them. Parking:If you're on a budget, don't valet park! I think we got lucky, but 3 blocks away we parked underground for $15 CAD for the entire weekend. This sure beat paying $30 bucks a night for the valet service. The parking garage entrance we used was off of Front Street. between John and Simcoe. It's about halfway through the block. We entered on Friday and didn't leave until Sunday and for all that time we only paid $15.00. I think it was $10 max during the week. My friend parked underground right underneath our hotel and ended up paying $40.00 for the whole weekend. So if you don't plan on using your car that much, I would highly recommend not using the Valet service. I made a google map which shows were the parking is located: [--]Location:The hotel is 2 blocks from the Rogers Center and about a 3-4 block walk to all of the Night Clubs and Bars. Perfect location if thats what your looking for. We also walked to the Eaton Center which took about 15-20 minutes. Overall we had great trip and wished we could have stayed longer. The Hotel was the perfect fit for all of our needs and I would highly recommend it for anybody.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rita07
<Content>Wonderful! This hotel was great! You can park valet (30.00 CA per day) or self-park. We chose to self-park. Parking garage is to the left of the hotel- it is uncovered and you need to pay upfront for the entire time you will be staying (cash only- bank ATM is just a short drive away if you don't have any CA $). We had no problems and paid $20 CA a night. It was convenient for us b/c we never drive around TO so we did not have to take the car out of parking. Check-in was very fast. The lobby is very clean and the front desk is friendly.Elevators are a little slow- that's the only problem I could really find with this hotel.We stayed on the 11th floor with a room facing the CN tower. Magnificent. Walking into the room, I was SO impressed. The kitchen area had a microwave, stove top, toaster, and refrigerator. Granite countertops and nice lighting made it very elegant feeling! The kitchen is fully equipped with cooking utensils and servingware.There was a small dining table for two people (so cute!), a sofa (with pull out bed), accent chair, desk, queen sized bed, flat screen LCD t.v., two windows (you can open one of them for some fresh air), sink/vanity area, toilet/shower area. Everything was IMPECCABLY clean and new. Pool and jacuzzi are on the second floor. Jacuzzi has a limit of 4 people and the pool was weirdly (and off-puttingly) salty. All-in-all, it was nice and your kids will enjoy it. Business center and fitness area are also on the second floor. Rooms have free high-speed internet access. Super convenient.Free breakfast is served in the lobby dining area every morning. The morning we went, it was a complete madhouse but everyone seemed to enjoy it. On the menu: scrambled eggs, hashbrowns, sausage patties, croissants, make-your-own belgian waffles, pastries and breads, yogurt, etc. For a free breakfast, this was amazing! The hotel was close to everything! We usually end up taking the subway most of the time, but on this trip, we only had to take it once. Just a short walk from the CN Tower, Rogers Center, Harbourfront, King Street entertainment district, Queen Street West shopping, and Spadina/Dundas Chinatown area. Hotel was also mere minutes walk from the Diesel Playhouse. Evil Dead the Musical was playing there- it was fantastic!In addition, if you like to go to dance clubs, stay at the Residence, since those are also just minutes from the hotel.The subway stop is St. Andrew.Check-out was very fast as well.Marriott and Toronto has a winner with this hotel. You will have a great time if you stay here!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>travelmaniacfreack
<Content>Finally a residence-Inn in Downtown Toronto ! !       Dining table  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>betsyrossapk
<Content>Residence Inn-close to everything!   showReview(7951808, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>DCSacramento
<Content>Impeccable New Hotel in Toronto   showReview(7807393, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>meesh862
<Content>Great Hotel....but could do with a few improvements   showReview(7756633, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Colt431
<Content>Amazing   showReview(7719898, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bellarina126
<Content>New gem for Marriott   showReview(7713209, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Carlanna
<Content>Toronto Home away from Home   showReview(7705174, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DadRob
<Content>Great Location, Great Hotel   showReview(7695607, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>didacq
<Content>Fant谩stica estancia       La cama comod铆sima  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sofort wieder   showReview(18531643, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wiesengnom
<Content>Absolut hervorragendes Hotel!   showReview(17359532, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wunderbares Hotel und Personal   showReview(17440837, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent s茅jour 脿 Toronto   showReview(11301161, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Very good hotel   showReview(11661581, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

