<Author>suricklouruss89
<Content>Hated It This place is HORRIBLE...STAY AWAY !!!!From the minute we walked in the doors...The people who work there do not want to make your stay enjoyable. The food is the WORST FOOD I have ever tasted and the alcohol is compeletly watered down. I saw them open new bottles but it was not the real deal. We overpaid for this horrible vacation. If you are going there is nothing for kids to do after dinner. No movies in room. No Lounge chairs available on the beach. OVER CROWED and TERRIBLE DO NOT GO THERE!!!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Sofiya123
<Content>We had a good time. The hotel was beautiful, and the wedding we saw out of our windows were extremely romantic ( just in case anyone is looking for a hotel for their ceremony .) The beach and the four pools was really great, and the service was excellent. Large clean rooms with a very large, luxurious bathroom. I loved the little bus that takes you around the territory so you do not feel too bad if you get a room further from the large, main pool and the beach. The other four pools were also great and reachable from every room on the territory. Overall, highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Needa64
<Content>Outstanding       Front entrance  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aljac
<Content>loved it again... My husband and two daughters and myself had a wonderful stay from the 6th to the 20th of December..We have been to many places and this was our 4th stay in the Dominican.This was our second time at the Bahia...We were upgraded to Diamond club (last year we stayed at the bahia in Riviera Maya)We enjoyed the extra perks...The food, the service were great, the resort is spotless and very beautiful...The last few days we were there , it started to get alot busier, line ups everywhere....The weather was good, rained but never lasted long, mostly at night when we were sleeping..Overall wonderful time...you can pm me if you have any questions...Go and enjoy yourselves!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>OceanLive
<Content>Very bad Well, I went with my friend. They say punta cana is expensive and beautiful..start with the beach: it was brown and dirty, the water wasnt clean at all, ther was lots of whole and they closed some part of it. The service was ok (even though we had the Gold Bracelet), the food was ok I thought untill i got food poisoned for 4 days. And i went for 1 week! so I was kept in the hospital. The hotel did very less about it, but bcuz i had insurance, they took care of me very little. Thank God i had insurance, could of imagine..!! Its very americasined, its not like Cuba where u feel the good latin music, the dance...At the hotel, they would put slow american music from the 90s. And the tourists look so down. (i have been traveling alot and to see Bahia Principe like this IS SAD) Theyr show was all about Michael jakcson..Brtiney Spears, Tony Braxton..nothing like in their dominican traditional dance music or simply latin dance so everyone can DANCE together! The vibe was dead, there wasnt good energy. You wanna party? not the place to go. As couple: Yes.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>1	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>fromquebec
<Content>Will not return The beach and grounds are beautiful, the rooms are spacious and clean. However the beach was so crowed..I have never been to crowded beach like that in my life. Pools were so crowed too. The food is was not the greatest, it was served cold, the meat was hard and tough. I read many reviews about that, but did not pay attention to it because we are always one of the first ones to be at the buffet. But even being the first ones there, the food was always cold. We don't drink but we like to have a good cappucino...the coffee was terrible, the inside restaurant by the pool smelled bad when we walked in, the beach bar buffet was so crowed and had a huge line ups.The resort is pretty big but the shuttle bus is quick. I prefer a smaller resort than a big one, you feel more special in a smaller resort, people remember you.All we go for is the beach, I don't really care about the shows, entertainment, pools etc. we are simple people who like the beach and that is it. I can't say we had a bad time, but basically this resort offers nothing special for me to return. We paid way too much for what we got..  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ryguy2008
<Content>Amazing Resort! We just got back from Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana a few days ago, and as a family of 5, everyone had an amazing time! Here's our run-down. If you have any questions, feel free to send me a message! You can't go wrong here!Went for a week (Dec 20-27) from Montreal, with Air Transat. Not great flight times, but everything was on time, bus left prompty, and we were the first stop. Only 25 minute busride. Chose the Royal Golden package.Check-in: Arrived at 3 AM, so the resort was pretty quiet then. Only one person at the front desk. Check-in was fairly quick, followed by a short wait since only 1 bellboy was working at this time. Had to get our safe activated the next day in the Royal Golden area. We were told to stop by the Royal Golden area the following day. When we got to our room, we found a letter from them. They made our restaurant reservations for us, but we were more than welcome to change them. (You get 4 dinners with the Royal Golden, 3 without).Royal Golden Reception:We went the following morning to the Royal Golden area by the lobby, made the dinner reservations that we wanted very quickly and easily. Got our safe activated here too. They have a safe door there to demonstrate exactly what you need to do. They have a very very small bar here, and 3 computers for your 15 minutes of internet. Officially it's 15 minutes of internet per day per room, but during slow periods you could get away with 15 minutes per person too.Rooms:We had 2 adjoining rooms, on the second floor in villa 2. Very spacious, clean, only saw 1 bug all week. The maid did a good job of keeping everything in order, at a decent time, with a gift and a dollar or two left daily. Although the rooms were always tidy, didn't see any decorations in the first half of the week. As teh week progressed, we saw a heart with flower pedals and some balloons. The a/c worked perfectly fine in both rooms. Just be aware it only works if your balcony door is firmly shut. As well, bathrooms were interesting... No fan or shower curtain. It gets very steamy in there after showering, but not a problem. Beautiful bathrooms none the less. Remember, the tap water is not drinkable. Shower towels were never a problem.As well, at night, we often found beach towels for us for the next day from the maid, along with candies, or chocolates. As well, any dirty towels from that afternoon were already gone.Grounds:Stunning grounds. All throughout the day, there is always someone picking up garbage, painting, cleaning, spraying insecticides, and more. The resort is big, and it is true, it takes a day or 2 to figure out your way around. However, it is manageable. We were in Villa 2, which is 5 seconds from the beach, and we barely used the trolley. It's about a 10 minute walk to the lobby only.Beach:Just like the grounds, it is constantly being cleaned. There are people picking up plastic cups on the ground throughout the day constantly. The beach is beautiful! Bavaro beach (the beach where the resort is next to), has such smooth and soft sand with crystal clear water. We did actually have some problems with beach chairs when we tried to do it the polite way, and not reserve chairs. We like having our chairs near the beach, to the extent that we had to sometimes go into the pool area and take chairs from there. Later on in the week, we reserved chairs around 9 AM and never had a problem. But by 11:30 AM, it's much harder. A towel or a sandle does the trick.There are vendors about 20 minutes along the shore to the right on the beach. Good stuff, just be prepared to haggle as always. Pools:We spotted 3 pools during our stay, but only used 1. There is a pool right near the beach which has the bulk of the animation and action, and halfway to the lobby there are 2 more pools. One of these pools is for everyone, the other is reserved for Diamond/Hacienda club members only. Every pool had a swim-up bar. Pools were kept clean, and we never had a problem swimming in any of them. As well, short wait at the swim-up bars (and this was during the high season!).If we were to be critical, we found the animation to be lacking a bit. It did exist, but there wasn't as much as another resort we were at. However, some may prefer this as they aren't in your face all day.Bars:To add a bit more about bars, there are many throughout the resort. One on the beach, one at every pool (both inside and outside the pool), at every location where food is served, and more. The drinks were good and served quickly. The beach;/pool bars had all the typical frozen drinks like Coco Locos, Banana Mamas, Pina Coladas, lemondade and so on. The bartenders were always willing to add alcohol as you may desire. Every bar also had water, which is 100% bottled water. At the pool and lobby, there are people who also bring drinks to you. No drinks inside coconuts. Punta Cana LOBBY and Lobby bar: Beautiful open-air area. Lots of areas to sit and relax. In my opinion, the lobby bar served the best drinks. They had the largest variety, and were always served the nicest. They just were classy. Had little pineapple and cherry's sticking out, sugar candy rim, and so on. In the evening, there would be usually someone playing piano and singing or just music playing which was nice. As well, there are staff who come around and offer to get you your drink. They also have the drinks here that cost money (international drinks). Very enjoyable area throughout the day. In the morning, they also have good muffins and croissants here.FOOD:Main buffet - Orquieda:Air-conditioned buffet.Huge variety of food, throughout the day. Be careful of the hours when meals are served. At any buffet, when they say it ends, it ends. They won't ask you to leave if your eating, but the food will be gone then. At breakfast, they have 2 omelette stations, which were really good. As well, the usual nice variety. Fresh juices, scrambled eggs, toast, waffles, pancakes, bagels, yogurts, cereals, bread (which was quite good!) and more. Nobody goes hungry.Lunch was good here as well, typical variety. Only ate here once, so don't really remember what it had.Dinner: Every night is a different theme. We ate there on international night, and I think spanish night. In any event, the food was great. It was served hot, fresh, and a nice variety. Every dinner has a pasta station that's served and made fresh with food for kids as well. Often had stuff like lambchops, and what not being served for u at different stations. For all meals at the buffet, never had to wait long for coffee/juice/soft drink/wine. The waiters come around often. Second Breakfast Buffet:Air-conditioned.There is also a breakfast buffet near the beach, at El Pescador restaurant. They have a much smaller amount of food, but it's fine none the less. Still have eggs (just not cooked in front of you), along with fresh juices.Beach lunch buffet:Open-air Great food served throughout the day. Had salads, sandwhiches, hamburgers, hot dogs, fries, pastas, and so on daily. They don't let you take food out of the buffet area officially, but if it's in a napkin or something, nobody will stop you. A la carte dinners:We ate at El Charro (Mexican), La Trattoria (Italian), Garden Grill (Steakhosue), Mikado (Japanese). All air-conditioned.All the restaurants we ate at, besides Mikado, have buffets for apetizers and dessert. We didn't mind this, since it allowed us to try all the food we want. Some restaurants served you a little appetizer none the less.El Charro: Good food. Everything was served hot, with a nice variety. No complaints. La Trattoria: Lambchops (meal) were cold, sent back, and weren't much better. Not a big deal, still edible. That aside, great variety of food.Garden Grill: No problems. Steak was cooked perfectly and was quite good.Mikado: Hit or miss with the chefs. Our chef wasn't all that entertaining, he just cooked the meal in front of us, and left. Other chefs (as we heard) really got the crowd applauding. Yummy food. The dessert is served just outside the showroom, and the fried icecream was delicious.Christmas Dinner:Ate at the buffet. Very nice variety of food. Had a cold seafood buffet, steaks, fillet mignons, salmon and more. Huge variety of very delicious food. Also, a few interesting carvings by the staff. Nice amount of christmas decorations, and music.NIGHTLIFE:Shows at Tropicana Theatre:We were there for Mr. Bahia Principe, ideal couple, Michael Jackson, Circus, Musical Legends, Lion King, and one other pop music show. The first 2 listed were cute, with the usual audience participation.The other shows were well done. Of course they lip synch the words to the songs, but it was well rehearsed none the less. Very enjoyable.As well, the circus show was quite impressive with quite a few interesting acrobatic stunts. There is a bar by the theatre as well.Shops and post-show entertainment:The Pueblo Principe area, where all the shops and vendors are, becomes the hub of the nightlife after the shows. During the day, this is where the vendors are. They can be quite pushy, but be prepared to bargain for at least 1/4 of their price. They all have the same stuff, and it isn't unique to them. Either way, got some nice souvenirs here from them and the stores. As well, at night, this is where the after-hours eating takes place (hamburger restaurant from 11 PM - 7 AM), the casino, nightly house band from 11 Pm - 12 AM (with chairs and servers offering you drinks), and the casino and bar. Didn't use the casino or bar really. We found the nightlife to be lacking somewhat, especially since the lobby bar closes at 11:30 PM. Would have liked for some more entertainment maybe, like dancing after the show. (Besides the disco.)ROYAL GOLDEN thoughts:We found this to be a very useful upgrade. The 15 minutes of internet was nice to have, along with a 4th a la carte restaurant. The location of the villas close to the beach is also very convenient. And finally, with towels, we usually got away without needing towel cards because of our bracelets at the towel shack.Check-out: We needed to leave our room by 12 PM, even though the bus only came for our flight at 11:20 PM since they were overbooked. (Otherwise, $12/hour extra for the room. You need to ask the day of if it's free.) Since it was daytime, and the Royal Golden area was open, that is where we had to checkout (unlike where we checked in). Took a while, because there's only 3 people there, and a lot of people had just arrived. (Like over an hour).We had to shower in the hospitality showers near the main-lobby. Make sure you bring beach towels, because there are none there. Somewhat inconvenient, but not a huge problem. Your luggage is stored in a locked room, just make sure you have your valuables.Our bus came on-time, and our flight left the airport on time too. Very easy.Note about Punta Cana/Bavaro/Ambar:Punta Cana and Bavaro are the same thing, just with different identical lobbies. Ambar is the same as well, just adult only. Royal Golden is in Punta Cana side, Diamond/Hacienda club is Bavaro. (Diamond/Hacienda perks are their own pool, and private breakfast/lunch lobby.)Trolley:Came very often in both directions. Very easy, and quick.Staff:The staff was always very friendly, and always greeted you with a friendly Hola. Most new some english as well, and we never found it a problem. FINAL THOUGHTS:Gran Bahia Principe is an amazing resort. It definitely merits its 5 stars, and it's very easy to be happy here. We all had an amazing time, got lots of sun, and nobody got sick. We would definitely recommend it. We thought the animation team was lacking a bit during the day, but the place is still very relaxing! That's all I can think of. Feel free to message me with any questions, and have an amazing vacation! You'll love it here!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>LUZULU
<Content>We loved Punta Cana Hi, me and my husband and our 4yrs old son and our two friends just came back from our Xmas vacation in Bahia Principe Bavaro. We stayed there from 19dec till 26dec. We had very adventure trip, we flu with Skyservice, they have excelent service. We arrived to Punta Cana and weather was nice and worm, my son had runny nose and little bit of cough, we went to check in and yes it took around 30min to arrange everything and we had to wait in our friends room until they clean our room, but it was ok because we were tired from the flying, we were up from 3am because our flight was at 6.15am and you have to be at the airport at 4am. After we unpacked our suitcases we went to look around the resort, it was amazing, nice palm trees, ground was clean all the time, every day somebody was cutting grass or cleaning the grounds, first night our son got high fever, so my hubby went to the receptionist and ask them about the doctor, and he told us they have 24hrs medical service and that they know english and french, we run there, the doc was nice, she listned my son's chest and looked at his ear and sure enough he got ear infection on both ears and he was very mucusy so she prescribed him antibiotics and gave him injection for ear infection, we went back to our room around 5am, we slept till afternoon, and went we woke up, my son felt better, we went to see the beach, it was amazing, nice white sand beach, beautiful palm trees, beautiful tyrkys sea, it was breathtaking but we didnt stay long because it was windy so we took our son back to our room, and again in the evening he had fever, we gave him tylenol, next day we went to see the doc again, she saw my son in bad condition, he was vomiting because of mucus, and he was still touching his ears, so she sent us to the hospital, we were very concern, we didn't know in what condition they have hospitals, she called the taxi for us, and I asked her if she can call the hospital, if they know TIC insurance, she called and they said yes we know that insurance and we wont have to wait. Perfect. It took like 20min to get there, we went right to the emergency and I ask them where's pediatric section and they very nice and polite, some of the nurses didnt know englisth but then when pediatrician came she was fluent in english, she had report from our doc in the hotel so she already knew which antibiotics he had and it didnt help so she gave him some special puffer to clear his mucus and then she sent us for xray, in 30min they had result, BROMCHIDES and the pediatrician said be glad its not a PNEUMONIA we wouldn't let you go back to canada. omg, she prescribed another rapido antibiotics and sents us back to the hotel, and we were suppose to come back in two days for the follow up. WE WERE SO IMPRESSED WITH THE HEALTH CARE IN PUNTA CANA. Our son has lots of health problems so we always take insurance and would recommend it to everybody with small children. You never know. Next two days were fine but my son got diarhea from the antibiotics and he had very sore bum, even I had special cream AVENO from diaper rush but it didnt help, when my husband went back for follow up with my son, he told them about diarhea and they said its normal for kids to have diarhea from such a strong antibiotics, and if the child's immune system is low it can happen very easly, she gave him special cream for sore bum and some pills for diarhea, and she said he's much better, he's chest sounds much better so you can fly back to canada, we enjoyed last 3 days, finally we were all together and with our friends. We loved the resort, its huge, good for walking, but you have a little bus there which take you from one end to the other. food was very very nice, plenty to choos of, different variety, people who complain they probably eat just junk food. We didn't even have a problem with booking a la carte restaurants, you have to book it first day when you arrive, of course they didn't have too much choices left because of the Xmas but we were happy, we could arrange 4 a la cartes because of Xmas, we had French, Japanesse, Mexicano and Mediteriano. For us the best food was in Mediteriano, then French, Japannese. Some people say that Japanesse is best, but we had our booked at 9pm and it was too much food so we were feeling full even next morning. But it was also niceEnterteiment, yes I have to admit that it was ok but not the best, in Mexico or Cuba it was much much better. But you're on vacation you suppose to enjoy everything best you can.Even stuff is more friendly in Cuba or Mexico but even Dominican people try their best, but sometimes we had feeling they could smile more. If I would go back to Punta Cana? YES but not to the same resort, we like to go to different places, but I would recommend this hotel, its very very niceHappy New Year everyone.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>danielle_s19
<Content>The Best Time Ever I went to Gran Bahia Dec 13-20 2008. I had a great time the resort was a 5 Star for sure!!! It was beautiful the staff were all so nice and it was pretty easy to understand because a lot spoke english and the ones that didnt made it easy to comminicate.The swim up bar was great and the drinks were amazing.the resort was massive and i wish the maps were easier to understand but after a day or 2 you found out where you were.The buffet was ok wasnt amazing but the a la carte dinners where really good, Japanese was by far the best.The Marianarium excursion was so much fun its a once in a life time trip the staff on the excursion were all great and very helpful.my suggestion was keep american money its easier to understand and they seem to give you a better deal. At the vendors maybe 20 minutes up the beach you have to haggle big time, you know they get it for cheap so dont spend a lot of money when you know they try overcharge you. Bring shampoos and other bathrtoom needs to the vendors they need it and they will give you a really good deal and even free rum!!! Canadian pins and hats are widely expected!!!!!!!!! they love it! And if you tip you staff you will be treated so much better.This resort is good for both family or adult trips, i would recommend it to anyone!!!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>dfahmy
<Content>Amazing Experience! My girlfriend and I just got back from 7 nights at Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro and we had a wonderful time.The thing that stood out the most for us was the absolute cleanliness of the place. There was no garbage, no dirt, no tree debris after a stormy night. The grounds and the landscape was kept immaculate. Even the beach was combed daily and all the garbage was removed. We could literally walk along the beach and know when we had come back to the Bavaro property b/c the garbage abruptly stopped.The breakfast and dinner buffets were excellent. I haven't been to too many Carribean resorts, but they were comparable to any Canadian breakfast or dinner buffet that I have gone to. Lunch on the other hand was rather mediocre. However, what they lack in variety during lunch they make up for in convenience by having two lunch buffets right at the pools by the beach that are open from 12 to 4. I stuck with the hamburgers, hot dogs, and fries - I found it generally satisfying until the dinner.During the week, we were given three a la carte dinners. We went to the Mexican restaurant, the steak house, and the Japanese restaurant. Unlike some reviewers, I loved the option of having a buffet along with what you could order on the menu. That way I was able to try lots of different things and still have higher quality food and the personal attention of a waiter. The food at all three was great. They put a lot of care into the food.On the other hand, we were given a fourth free a la carte on Christmas eve, and that was torture. It was an 8 course meal, that provided zero choice and lots of shellfish which I'm allergic to. It was really frustrating to sit through that without being accomodated, but we went to the buffet afterwards and the food there was AMAZING - best food at the buffet that week.The rooms were spacious and clean. The bathroom was large and the bath tub had jacuzzi jets. Nice touch.It's hard to comment on the night life because we only went out once. All the other nights we were too tired after waking up early to lie on the beach or go on an excursion. The one night we did go to the nightclub, we were pretty happy with the crowd, the drinks, and the music. The strobe lights got pretty irritating, but that might just be a personal intolerance.Overall, the place was amazing and I would definitely go back. Go and have an amazing time!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>CSVT
<Content>Good, but not great. Dont expect a lot. So me and my family stayed at the Bavaro from the 20th to the 28th of December (just got back). There were six of us in total, all above 18, so you know where this review is coming from. I鈥檒l start out easy, this resort is good, it鈥檚 not great or excellent, it鈥檚 just good. If you're expecting the most amazing vacation ever, this probably isn鈥檛 your resort. I鈥檓 going to break it down for you.The Hotel/grounds:The people here are VERY nice, I never once met a staff member who was angry or had mal-contempt for any of the travelers. The grounds are very well kept; people are always walking around trimming hedges, picking flowers, cutting grass etc. The grounds are also very pretty; the walkway from the lobby to the beach is very very pretty, the hedges with the flowers are amazing. The rooms are big, much bigger than the rooms I had in both Mexico and Cuba; they are well decorated and have decent amenities. The bar fridge was always full and we never had a problem with the cleaning staff at all. If you're a diamond star member you can get bath robes and slippers for no cost if you ask the front desk. The bathrooms were always clean, however the bath's do not have a shower curtain or anything covering them, so if you鈥檙e having a shower, only one person can use the bathroom, annoying for anyone not travelling with a spouse. One major issue I had with the room is that the AC was pretty awful, even with it turned on full with the temp as low as possible it barely felt like the ac was on, my brother鈥檚 room on the other hand was always cold, so it could have just been our room. Another annoying feature is the roads that run between every building, if you鈥檙e a light sleeper like I am, you will be woken up b the loud annoying trucks and trains that run by every couple minutes. Very annoying.Having said that this hotel is VERY VERY VERY clean. The beach was clean, the rooms were clean, the lobby was clean etc. Overall I give the hotel/grounds a 4.5/5.The Disco/Entertainment:I鈥檒l start off with saying this, the disco has the worst hours I鈥檝e ever seen, whoever decided that the disco should open at midnight instead of say 10:30 or 11:00 was very very stupid. If you're like me and like getting up at 8:00 to actually enjoy your week or 2 of vacation then by the time 12:00 rolls around your going to be bagged. Because of this I found myself partying almost not at all. Both Mexico and Cuba had much better planned night life than Dominican. However, having said this, when the disco is open its usually pretty packed with decent music, the bartenders suck though, for an all inclusive resort they sure act like they try to curb drinking too much, one time I had to specifically wait for about 15 minutes because one of the bartenders would not get me 10 shots of tequila for my group of friends. Now for the shows, and I鈥檒l preface this by saying that they suck, most people will say how the Michael Jackson show is the best, but it isn鈥檛. Not unless you like watching a bunch of guys lip-synch and dance around on stage. All the shows except the circus one sucked, I was literally sitting in my chair with my hands in my lap because they were so bad. If you want to relax, go to your room and watch T.V. for an hour and actually be impressed, or hangout in the lobby and just talk. Now the circus act is pretty good and involves fire-breathers and a bunch f cool aerobics stuff, very Circ-de-soliel. Bars:The bars were ok, most cocktails are mixed consistently, but the only bars that will serve the more exotic drinks like mojitos and banana daiquiri's are the lobby bar and the theater bar. I also found the alcohol to be very very very watered down; I could drink 5-6 margaritas and not even feel anything, whereas if I made those drinks, I would be insanely hammered. Another stupid thing was bars running out of certain types of alcohol, like most of the bars ran out of tequila every day. I would assume a resort with over 1000 rooms that they would have adequate drinks for all the bars... apparently not.Food:Pretty awful, most food is cold and tastes like it came from a 3 star resort. The beach buffet serves the exact same food every day; pizza, hot dogs, pasta and some chicken. I seriously recommend eating every meal at the main buffet because they at least attempt to change the food every day (even then it doesn鈥檛 change much) Most of the meat is tough and over-cooked and doesn鈥檛 taste very good, most food is pretty bland and I found myself walking around the buffet seeing only 1 or 2 things I wanted to eat. Mexico and even Cuba had much much much better food.The Ala-cartes also suck, the waiters confuse the bills all the time and out of the 4 we went to, 3 of them missed meals and left at least one person in our party without a main course. Also most of the ala-cartes are glorified buffets. Basically it鈥檚 a buffet for the appetizers and the deserts and you get your choice of 5 main courses... Even then the food is pretty bad. Once again not even close to Mexico or Cuba. Also if you like seafood or are expecting lobster or crab at any of the restaurants, don鈥檛 bother going to this resort. None of the restaurants have lobster or crab except the French restaurant which did a small portion of lobster as a main dish (which was also band and cold) The only saving grace for the restaurants was Miko, the Asian restaurant, the food there is prepared right in front of you, the decor is very nice and the food is tasty. If I could I would just book all my dinners there.The beach:The beach is very nice, it is very well kept and tidy, no seaweed of garbage is on the beach. The water is nice, but rough. Don鈥檛 plan on snorkeling if you go, there isn鈥檛 anywhere to do it( even though the site says it has snorkeling on site, you can鈥檛) The shipwreck is pretty cool, rent a catamaran or a kayak and go out there to see what it鈥檚 all about, its pretty good. Most of the days we went there was scattered showers so the beach had plenty of places to sit even past noon, but if there is a clear sunny day, you better get out there at 9 otherwise you鈥檙e going to be out of luck for a spot.Not much to really say about the beach, it鈥檚 clean and the sand is very fine and soft. They do need another beach volleyball net because I played almost every day and there was always at least 5 teams playing at any one time. One crappy thing about the beach is the people who constantly walk up and down the beach trying to sell you things; the Scuba Caribe guys were so annoying, asking you to buy excursions every 10 minutes. Activities: Has the normal stuff, they are pretty over-zealous with red-flagging the resort for high winds, 4 out of the 7 days I was there the boats weren鈥檛 allowed on the water which sucks. Once again, not much to say, they could use more boats for a resort this size but it鈥檚 nothing to complain about. Also, there is NO SNORKELING on site. Good resort for kite-boarding if you鈥檙e into it.I'll conclude this review by saying that the bavaro is a good resort, it鈥檚 not amazing, it didn鈥檛 have a special feel to it, I probably would not go back given the choice I imagine some of the other resorts are better. The resort is big and long so be prepared to walk a decent amount. The diamond club is pretty much useless, a private pool and private lunch/breakfast buffet is a lame incentive to buy into the club Would I go back to the Dominican? Yes. Back to the bavaro? No.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Denico
<Content>Extra Large Resort The entire site is generally very well maintained, clean and the gardens are beautiful.DominicansSmiley and courteous, most services are available in English and French. It is a good idea to get to use a few classic phrases in Spanish as a number of waiters at the table and room mates speak Spanish.RestaurantsWe had no problem to make reservations for 6 dinners in restaurants (3 per week). The Garden Grill, Caf茅 de Paris and El Charro were excellent and the buffet was better than the 3 other we went to. The buffet is well diversified.From 10 AM to 9 PM, tea, coffee, muffins and croissants were served on the terrace of the Lobby Bar. The only place we found where the coffee was hot.Internet$12 USA for 30 cumulative minutes on 4/5 days.Good speed and many interesting options for laptop rentals.CucarachasWe saw cockroaches or similar insects near and into restaurants, lobby, near the pool and a few feet from the door of our room. Hugh!RoomGood size, the furniture is getting a bit old. The cleaning of the room and the replacement of beverages was done properly at 50% of the time.Hair rinse and skin cream are not supplied.About every day, sewage odours were present in the room, we had to pour water in the sink and bath tub to seal the drains.2 out of 14 days, air conditioning was not cooling the room.Evening ShowsWe saw 8 different shows. Then, it was a repeat.Pools and beachUnless you have paid for a special club privileges only 2 pools are available. They seem to be well maintained.Chairs at the pool and at the beach are comfortable but at times less than one per cent is available.This is a huge resort, nice, clean and comfortable. The food is good. The service is uneven.Deficiencies in the room, uneven quality of service make it too expensive for the $ paid and consequently should not be rated 4.5 stars. We have seen much better in 4 stars resorts.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	4	2	4	2	4	

<Author>Oliviauk
<Content>Nice resort, but not a true 5 star! We have just returned from a 2 week stay at the Grand Bahia Principe resort. The resort is huge but well organised and you never have the impression that it is over-crowded despite +4000 guests staying there (1880 rooms!). The pools however do get very busy and many people have the nasty habit of reserving their space early in the morning.The grounds are very well kept and all areas are very clean. The staff is motivated.Grand Bahia Principe claims to be a 5 star resort but it is not. It is a strong 4 star compared to other 5 star hotels. You shouldn't expect to pay for the safe, the pool at the spa, the toiletries are basic....The gym is a real let down. I tend to exercise daily and was looking forward to be able to do so during our stay. The gym is small, dark and damp and way too small for the size of the resort. The 2 rowers were broken, so was one of the treadmills and a few of the bikes. Despite reporting this to the manager nothing happened. A lot has been written about the food. We found the food choice to be better than in other all inclusives we stayed in. The kitchen team do an incredible job at feeding thousands of people several times a day. The food was not always warm but the vast choice compensated for this.Overall a positive experience but there is still room for improvement at the Grand Bahia Principe to be able to claim the full 5 stars.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>wezer03
<Content>the best This hotel was fab so big never been to a resort were you had to get a lift to the beach Food excellent rooms clean and tidy maid was a bit hit and miss with towels but not a problem beach was very nice and clean plenty of entertainment regardless of what you liked Weather was very hot when it was not raining and that only lasted a couple of minutes  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>imazour
<Content>Great Decline In the Last Year This review is written by former fun of this resort, who sicerely recomended this place to friends. Now, I would be less enthusiastic about going there. While this place is still OK, there was a big decline in the last year, especially food wise. I was under impression that their food budget was cut at least on 50%.Instead of delicious SEA food you have what you SEE...chip, tasteless food, undercooked or dried out meet. I found myself barely finding to eat something more or less decent. Nothing to compare 3 years ago.I was also upset with some of front desk staff who were irresponsible, manipulating.Well...It's time to lok for greener pastures...  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	1	3	3	

<Author>Alllegionoflegit
<Content>2nd trip to the GBP Bavaro and loved it as much as the first This was our 2nd time at the hotel and we loved it!!!We will be the first ones to admit, the check in process is slow and the worst part of the trip. But knowing that when we got there, we were prepared for it and enjoyed every second of the trip after it. The beach is fantastic. It is clean, huge, soft sand. There are always plenty of chairs for everyone. Being our 2nd time there, we were upgraded to the diamond club. The private pool you have access to with the diamond club is fantastic. Always a seat in the shade, warm water, etc. The food is great, no matter what other ppl say. There is always a huge choice of what to eat. I assume the ppl who complain about the food won't be impressed with anything. We ate at the Japenese restaurant - loved it. it is very entertaining to watch the main dish cooked infront of you.Also ate at the French - best food of any bar none.We tried the new Italian restaurant by the new Villas in section 70 - it is a lot better than the other italian restaurant by the pool (we had that one last year). We would go back.Finally, we also ate at the Mediterranean restaurant. To my surprise, i am a picky eater and loved it. The Mousakka there was the best thing i have tasted in a long time. Don't forget people, you are in a foreign country and not everyone will speak english. But when we ran into waiters who didn't speak english, they tried very hard to get what we wanted and if they didn't understand, they got someone who spoke english. You are on vacation, and the staff always tries very very hard, so be patient and enjoy yourself here.For those who haven't been there, the stores on site are expensive. When you are facing the sunken ship in the beach, if you walk right past the Riu resort, etc. for about a half our, there is a market of vendors on the beach you can haggle with. We will be back for a 3rd visit next year.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	1	4	4	

<Author>nibaru
<Content>one of the nicest! Although we are seasoned Caribean travelers, this is our first review mainly due to our overwhelmingly positive experience at this wonderful resort. If you want fine french cuisine......go to Paris. If you want non stop high-roller gambling........go to Vegas. If you want a hip party seen..........go to LA. If you want a safe, relaxing,enjoyable and good value holiday...........go to this resort.We booked our holiday from Dec.7/08 until 14/08 thru Air Transat from Toronto. The flights were punctual with no confusion during transfers.Upon arriving at the hotel, everything went smoothly for us during check-in as we did ask questions and patiently received answers with a smile, proabably because we said HOLA.Our rooms were pristine! My wife is a clean freak and even she could find no fault. The room was larger than average with tiles and marble/granite in the washroom.........easy to keep sanitary. Our fridge was replenished several times daily and our room was kept in the most orderly fashion by a wonderful lady named Sonia. We had ajoining rooms # 6208-6209.The beach is stunningly beautiful. The pools are lavish and clean. The grounds were so well kept I can only pray that some of these guys come to work at my golf course in Canada! The food was plentiful and none of us became ill. I only say this because regardless of what Carabean resort we ever stayed at,The food does become redundant after the 2nd or 3rd day. The staff was allways extremely polite and very anxious to please. The nightly entertainment was the most enjoyable anywhere..........not Broadway or Hollywood but the most heartfelt and well practiced performances one can imagine for this part of the world. Our 4 yr. old was in heaven as were my wife and her mother.......all in the same evening. This resort is definetly the real deal for unpretentious, open minded and well travelled people of all nationalities.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lulaToronto
<Content>Wonderful vacation at the Club Diamond Bahia Principe Bavaro My boyfriend and I just returned from a fabulous week at Bahia Principe Bavaro Club Diamond. Let me say that we were a little apprehensive after our stay last December at the Bahia Principe Tulum in the Mayan Riviera. However, many friends at work raved about this place so we gave it a try. We have been to many all inclusives in Mexico and were previously at the Bavaro Princess in Punta Cana. The Bahia Principe Bavarro was the best place that we have stayed at. We never go to the same place twice but will now make an exception.The Club Diamond staff (Jacky, Gabriella and Raquel) was amazing. I emailed in advance requesting reservations at the seafood restaurant on my boyfriend's birthday. Not only did they arrange that, our room was also decorated on his birthday and the restaurant had a birthday cake for him! In addition, these ladies took care of all our requests (ie mattress pad, mini bar top up). They were terrific and made our week worry free.The food at this resort is amazing! As part of Club Diamond, we had ala carte lunch everyday at Il Capriccio and also had our breakfasts there. You had a choice of freshly made pastas, pizzas or meat /fish. We alternated between grilled salmon, grouper and mixed seafood along with a lovely salad bar. In addition, this restaurant is steps away from the Club Diamond pool and the Club Diamond rooms.For dinner, we loved both El Pescador and The Grill. Both dinners were comparable to The Keg quality. The tenderloin beef steak at the Grill was fantastic and I have never had good steak at any all inclusive. The mixed seafood dinner at El Pescador was delicious. The main buffet also had great selections.Overall, this resort is beautiful, very clean and well run. The staff work very hard to make your vacation wonderful. Our maid Rosa was terrific. Our room was always immaculate.Although we did not take in any of the evening shows, they looked very good. There was a lot to do in the evenings and the resort has something for everyone. Don't think twice - go ahead and book it and enjoy. I wish I were back there.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LadanTak
<Content>wonderful resort!! I was there with my husband the first week in December.Transat flight from Toronto was decent and on time. We landed in Punta Cana on time to a beautiful sunny and warm day. Went through security fast and luggage arrived quickly. Found which bus needed to be on and was on our way within minutes! The bus ride to the resort is OK - relax and enjoy the ride - after all you just started your vacation. Was checked in right on the bus (gave us our bracelets, towel cards etc.)We had welcome drinks and dancers. We had to wait a bit (about 2 hours) for our room to be ready. While waiting we enjoyed a nice lunch in the main buffet and had wonderful coffee in the gorgeous lobby. We were in building 28 - very nice, clean and big room. Few minor problems, but nothing to be upset about. (shower was not the best 鈥?not enough pressure and our bathroom was missing the vanity mirror)Our maid/house keeper was great. We tipped few dollars every other day or so and always had towels and water鈥?One thing I noticed 鈥?the towels that she made little art things on our bed with 鈥?were towels that we had thrown on the ground for change. (we marked them so we know for sure)The restaurants are nice and cozy 鈥?the food is OK 鈥?they do try to please everyone. Keep in mind that you are NOT on a cruise or in the French Riviera鈥?There is a huge pool by the beach (which tends to get really busy and kind of dirty) and 2 pools in middle of the resort - one is for diamond guests and one for general guests - the pools were wonderful! This resort is huge, spotless and beautiful!! You have to see it to believe it! Oh, just make sure you catch the Michael Jackson show. The rest are OK鈥?  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>coronah
<Content>Amazing Wedding and Vacation at the GBP Reading some of the bad reviews on here I really have to laugh - I don't get it! I LOVED this resort. Its huge (which means you can actually walk around and get some exercise to work off all that food and booze) but there are also trolleys that chauffeur you around til 3am if you are too tired/lazy/overheated/drunk/etc. to make the walk yourself (i took it many times for some of those reasons! haha!).My husband and I were married at this resort on November 27th and everything was wonderful and beyond our expectations - the group of 32 people who traveled with us all agree as well. The resort is immaculately groomed, the beach is STUNNING, the food and drinks are good (i know i tried every single one of the daily cocktails while I was there! haha!), and the staff go above and beyond to make you happy. What more do you want? The only bad thing I would say was the other guests sometimes! My fellow Canadians, please represent our wonderful country in a good way. Don't yell at the bartenders or staff - they work very hard and for very little money. Tip them a buck or two when you can - it goes a long way for people who work 13 hour days for $4 an hour.I wish I had not been so stressed about our wedding prior to the trip but once I arrived and met with Patricia the wedding coordinator, all of my fears melted away. Our wedding was gorgeous and fun and everyone had a great time!After our guests went back home to Canada my husband and I enjoyed another week to ourselves. We ended up switching rooms to be close to the diamond club pool (we were upgraded to diamond club which was WONDERFUL..highly recommend it) and spent our days on the beach or in the pool, and our nights in the Bavaro lobby, just relaxing. We also were treated to a romantic dinner on the beach on our last night - a gourmet 7 course meal (including the freshest, most incredible lobster i have ever eaten and that's saying a lot because I am a bit of a foodie snob) by moonlight with our own personal waitress...AMAZING. I also recommend doing the Saona Island excursion if you can - we took our entire wedding party and had an absolute BLAST!It boggles my mind how someone could not have a good time when you are relaxing in what is essentially PARADISE, with no cooking or cleaning to do, and no work to think about! Maybe everything isnt exactly how you want it all the time but seriously....just relax and enjoy the beautiful scenery and weather, have a cocktail!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tevern
<Content>Amazing       Beach  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>coboric
<Content>Way to big Just back from Punta Cana at the Bahia. Never again would I travel to this resort, after arriving 45 minutes early we were told that all our room keys had just been shipped to the airport so we would have to wait until they returned with them. Due to a medical condition we asked for a room closer to either the pool or beach, we even faxed in the request 2 weeks prior to getting there. We think they looked for the room farthest from either of these and it took 3 days to get it changed. I have to agree with bellamelissa in the previous review that the food really sucked. My wife lived on eggs and pasta pretty much all week. The beach and pool were packed at an early hour with towels on all the lounge chairs, but no people and if you watched some of those towels never even moved all day. This resort is 5 resorts in 1 so it is pretty segregated if your a high end payer you can go anywhere and if your a low end be prepared for using only 2 out of 5 pools and half of food establishments. Some of the staff are very helpful but most really are not trying to pass the buck to someone else. The cleaning staff do do a good job though they are always cleaning. So all said our time there was alright but never would I reccomend this resort as it is to big and as i understand it is even expanding again to well over 2000 rooms.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>djmkdm
<Content>Lived up to all of my expectations and more This was my first time to the Dominican, so I did not know what to expect. We had upgraded to The Diamond club and I would suggest that to anyone who is booking this hotel. Easy seperate check-in, closer to the beach and your own private pool and restaurant(for breakfast and lunch). The rooms were really large and kept immaculate. The Resort is huge but not to big to navigate. The staff were excellent( not too much english). When booking this vaction food was a major concern. From the reviews I read food was on par with the best. I would not completely agree with this. The al a carte is the way to go for sure and if can squeeze a couple extra in I would recomend it. The spanish and the steak house restaurants where the best. The Large main buffet has lots to choose from but quality always suffers when serving that many people. All and all I would recommend this resort to anyone! Period! And from what I heard from other guests the other Gran Bahia Principe resorts all live up to the same expectations. I can't wait to try them out.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Man_on_the_MoonUk
<Content>Don't Bother (Stay next door) Stayed for a week at the end of November. The Bavaro section is the worst of resort. The place is never a five star. Food is absolutely terrible. Rooms poor. Not allowed to use the other 'practically empty' pools but had to use the over-crowded main pools. In my seven days I never saw them being cleaned even once. The beach is OK but again overcrowded. To make matters worse we have stayed previously at the Riu Bambu hotel that is next door. Everything about the Riu is a step up yet costs less than this over-priced, over-developed 3 star Butlins. The one saving grace was the excellent enterainment and nightlife. I guess that is where the resort spends all it's cash - as it is definately not on the food (the worst i have had anywhere in the world - everything and I mean everything is undercooked and luke warm)!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	1	2	3	

<Author>bellamelissa
<Content>Beautiful resort, however, lacking quite a few things. We just returned from our stay at Grand Bahia Principe Punta Cana. We had a wonderful time, since the weather was absolutely perfect. The hotel's grounds are kept very well as well as the rooms, however, here are the cons to this resort:-The food is TERRIBLE! We did not even have one good meal in any of the restaurants or buffet. Since most of our time was spent by the beach and pool area the only option for lunch was the snack bar. The snack bar consisted of stale pizza, some salads, and leftover chicken. I would NOT recommend eating in the snack bar. You are better off taking the trolley back to the lobby and eating in the main buffet area or just skipping lunch totally. We skipped quite a few meals.-The gym was a joke. I happen to exercise daily and I woke up the first morning to walk to a gym that was severally undersized for a resort of this size. They had 2 treadmills and 1 was broken. They had a total of approx. 10 pieces of equipment. There were 2 trainers present whom were using the equipment opposed to allowing the clients to use them. They actually put there towels on the machines to show they were in use. I decided to just exercise around the resort. -The safety deposit box needs to be paid upfront in order to use it. They did not tell us this. We went back to the lobby and paid the 18 dollars US. We went back to our room and the safe still didn't work ,we had to have a technician visit our room 3 times in order to fix the broken safe that never wound up fixed. -If you want a good seat by the pool make sure you are up at 6am in the morning to claim your territory. These people are up real early with their towels and belongings already on the chairs way before breakfast. I find this to be ridicolous. They should put a policy in place that you can not claim your space before you even open the pool area.-The Japanese restaurant was a joke. The chef didn't say a word to us at the hibachi table...he just cooked the food and threw it on our plate. They need some training if they want to act like a Japanese restaurant. **Dont bother eating here** or going out of your way to make reservations in any of their specialty restaurants they are all the same. Most of them are also buffets.-All the liquor in the resort is well liquor...real cheap..the kind that gives you a headache in about a minute. I didn't drink more than 1 drink the entire week. Pros:-Very pretty grounds and kept very clean.-Shuttle service is very frequent to take you around the resort.-Great excursions around Punta Cana. We took advantage of the ATV tour and Snorkeling and enjoyed both.-Pools are kept very clean and they are spacious enough to enjoy a nice swim. They are very refeshing and cool.-We enjoyed the SPA services..the SPA is very pretty and the after sun treatment was excellent.I hope this helps.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	1	2	2	

<Author>londonontfamily
<Content>great place for a family vacation We Stayed here in feb of 08 and planning to go again in feb 09the positives far out way the negatives the food is above averagefor a resort in the Dominican. in my opinion way more choice than Cubathe grounds are amazing..the pools are wonderful each with a swim up barthe rooms are spotless.. they stock the fridge daily with bottled water pop and beer.the beach is incredible..white soft sand that goes on forevera 45 min walk up the beach will bring you to an open air market(do your girt shopping there if you can) they tend to haggle morewith the price then on the resortthe complex is huge to walk from reception to the beach is about 10-15mins...however the trams run every 2 mins and your on vacation so relax and take it easythe language barrier can be a bit much at times...but you are in there country and they tend to be more relaxed about doing things right away. its there lifestyle. again your on vacation so relax If your a family with kids and just want a place to go relax and have a great time this is for you. if you expect a place where they will wait on you hand and foot look someplace else  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>RuthBOttawa_Canada
<Content>Bahia Principe is Excellent! BACKGROUND: We have traveled to various Caribbean destinations: Mexico, Mayan Riviera, Cuba, Jamaica and the Dominican, always going to 4-5 star resorts, booking all inclusive, and relying on Trip Advisor before we book. Our primary concerns when doing research on a location are as follows: (1) Trip Advisor reports and ratings (2) the beach (3) pools and amenities (4) brochure ratings. We spend hardly any time in our rooms, apart from changing/cleaning up/sleeping. Basically, if the sun is up, we are outside. TRANSFERS FROM AIRPORT:This is a nice part 鈥?a relatively quick 30 minute transfer to the resort, with a glimpse of the local scenery along the way. While on route, we received our check-in package, wrist bands, etc. so that when we arrived all we had to do is bring our luggage to the resort transfer trams (waiting for our arrival) and we were off to our rooms. This avoids the lineups at check-in; a nice touch. If you want a room safe, though, you will have to go to the lobby desk to book this, which we did right away.RESORT/GROUNDS:This has to be the nicest resort in terms of lush tropical vegetation, constantly being maintained and groomed. We have been to some very nice resorts over the years, but this location is stunning in terms of the landscaping.Yes, this place is HUGE, but we knew that and loved it. Always something or someplace to go. The trams run constantly, and we used them when we were tired, but also enjoyed many nice strolls through the grounds. This is an excellent resort to take advantage of the walkways and exercise off some of that extra all-inclusive consumption we all tend to enjoy!The resort is divided up into the following sections: Punta Cana (708 suites), Bavaro (540 suites), Club Premiere (288 suites), and the Ambar (adults only) sections. Inside these sections are the various exclusive clubs: the Royal Golden, Club Diamond and Club Hacienda. Your booking will determine which section, and sub-section if applicable, you are staying in. FOOD/RESTAURANTS:I tend to not give our personal reviews on the various a la carte restaurants, as people鈥檚 opinions vary so greatly in this area, even at home. I might like one type of locale, you will like another鈥y advice is to book whatever you can, enjoy, and if you want something else head back to the buffet. As for the buffets, typical for your all inclusive resort. They need to feed hundreds of people with various tastes and preferences; some people will be thrilled, some will not. Personally, I enjoy the varied selection and appreciate the choices. As for service, we were treated very well and promptly at all meals. Our attitude is that these people work very long hours, for little pay or gratitude. We make a point of greeting EVERY waiter/waitress with a genuine smile and engage in our best broken Spanish/English conversation, and they would always light up and smile in return. We always tipped, but this made no difference in the level of service received. In fact, being kind and appreciative would get the best service, rather than being miserable, complaining, and then leaving a tip. We observed both behaviours, and I feel sorry for the wait staff when they have to deal with these rude people. ROOMS:All the rooms are junior suites, and well appointed. Lovely marble tile, d茅cor, etc. - we were in some brand new buildings which were not even on the Resort's maps yet! Book your in-room safe as soon as you arrive (we paid $31 US for the week); no sense in risking losing anything. The resort is not responsible for any valuables not locked up in the safe, simple as that.BEACH: Stunning, amazing, goes on forever with adjoining resorts along both directions. There is a nice set back from the water鈥檚 edge to the start of the resort, allowing for ample room for sun and shade choices. Loungers were in abundance, and the shade choices for those with sunburns or young children were excellent. The sand is a very light tan/brown colour, and extremely silky soft underfoot. Absolutely no stones, shells, coral, or other hazards for your feet (which we have experienced at some other resorts, unfortunately). Again, excellent for wonderful walks that go on forever in either direction. The water is incredibly warm, quite a pleasant surprise for the ocean 鈥?we have experienced cooler waters further south! BEACH FOOD  DRINK:A nice touch are the two restaurants close to the beach, which you can use without having to cover up. You can go in barefoot, with your bathing suit on, and enjoy the beachside buffets, self serve non-alcoholic beverages, and the bar. This might sound lame, but when you are hot and sweaty from lying out in the sun, putting on clothes to get something to eat can be such a hassle; I really enjoyed being able to just walk over and get some food/drink along with all the other people doing the same thing. POOLS:A nice selection to chose from, and large. This is a nice option for those who like the pools; they are big, and provide plenty of room for singles, couples, and families with children. We personally prefer the ocean, as we have pools up here, but we do use them on occasion. The pools/pool bars close around 5:30 鈥?6:00 pm for maintenance and cleaning; typical for down south. EXCURSIONS:As we have been to the Dominican before, we have done the excursions we wanted to do, and decided to stay the entire vacation right at the resort. However, in the past we have done the Saona Island and Swim With the Sharks/Catamaran trips, enjoying both. Saona Island has the most incredible white sugar sand! The only downside of this excursion is that it makes for a very long day, with a long bus trip each way. EVENING ENTERTAINMENT:Again, typical for the all-inclusive resort; they work hard, and do their best to keep you entertained. We enjoyed a few shows; every resort seems to have their Michael Jackson look-alike to amaze you (we enjoyed that show as well). ONLY DOWNSIDE:We were astonished at the high percentage of people who smoked, everywhere! If you have any sensitivity to second hand cigarette/cigar smoke, take care to position yourself upwind. I normally don鈥檛 get put off by things at any resort, but this was a surprise, even when at the huge beach. You are not allowed to smoke inside any enclosed restaurant, but in the open lobby bar, theatre, and beach restaurants its okay. We found that our enjoyment at the beach, lobby bar and at the theatre was compromised by the volume of second hand smoke; more than once we had to move our beach loungers to avoid cigarette smoke. This situation is a non-issue if you smoke. I鈥檓 not complaining, just astonished. RECOMMENDATIONS:This is a very nice 5-star resort, and comes highly recommended. Do your homework before you go, so that there are no surprises. If you prefer individual, royalty treatment, consider upgrading to the Ambar adults-only section, but remember you are still part of a very large group of vacationers. Leave negative attitudes at home; they will not get you very far when travelling (ever wonder why the complainers, who keep it up all week, always have such a lousy time?). We did hear of some couples having problems with their rooms/air conditioners/etc. but the 鈥渘ice鈥?people had these issues rectified to their satisfaction. There will invariably be issues when you travel, but being prepared is a big part of enjoying your vacation. Book your room safe for valuables.Enjoy!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kpytou
<Content>never again I already wrote in the header. Will be very brief.Disgusting food, roaches in the room, NOBODY speak English except 1 and a half person in the front lobby. Very huge and crowded.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crymsun
<Content>Fantastic Resort For Just About Anyone Went on a honeymoon and invited everyone to come as well (though we were in a different section of the resort). I'll do the review by category:Accommodations - simple but bright, airy and clean. Bed was comfortable but very firm, pillows were plentiful. Balcony was a nice size and the breeze drifted over the water and flowed nicely into our room. The bathroom wasn't anything extraordinary, but was always clean and everything worked. The maids there are wonderful, leaving imaginative towel displays each day. My only complaint is so minor it's barely worth mentioning - the minibar, while stocked daily, became stocked with one kind of beverage by the end of the week (a pleasant note and extra tip took care of this quickly). Honeymoon Upgrade - if on a honeymoon, definitely take advantage! We had a room close to the beach, the fresh towels each night was awesome, the fruit basket was nice and the maid service was great!Pools - HUGE pools. The swim-up bar usually had a stool or two unoccupied, the pool itself had plenty of room for uninterrupted swimming, but if you're the poolside type, the perimeter is packed with people.Restaurants - the buffet is absolutely oustanding. We use the buffet for 4 dinners and breakfast every morning and still did not get to try everything. The service is good (not superb, but good). The banana juice is AMAZING! For a la cartes, we went to the Mexican (just average food but great service) Steakhouse (again, fairly average) and Italian (AMAZING!). Facilities - the spa was wonderful, I had a facial, two others had massages and reported two huge thumbs up. Be sure to tip the individual that performs the service right afterward, because once you exit the room you were in, you don't see them again (front desk does the final check out). Leave extra time before your appointment, as the spa is at the very back of the resort, past the front gate. The Disco and Casino were both a lot of fun, but the karaoke bar is small and was impossibly cramped. The gym looked good, not huge but otherwise a nice size. The walkways and grounds in general are immaculate. the trolley that shuttles people around was great - we only had to wait once for the next one due to the first being full.Beach - what can I say... it's Bavaro beach and it's absolutely spectacular! Crystal clear, soft and sandy... the waves were a bit wild the one day and you have to watch where you are compared to where you first entered as the current gets pretty strong. The only thing is, with a resort that has this many people, good luck getting a beach chair!My Personal Advice/Tips:- The second you get your room #, book your a la cartes (we waited a day or two and barely got them)- The resort is MASSIVE - be prepared to walk a lot or take the trolley- Beachside and pool side chairs get reserved very early and very quickly.- People with allergies/asthma - keep in mind that people can smoke just about anywhere... including the bars and open-air restaurants.- Barter with the beach  courtyard vendors - they'll give you a really good deal or throw in some extra pieces if you demonstrate a genuine desire to do business.- Use the indoor buffet at lunchtime if you can... the outdoor poolside buffet tends to be overly crowded and they won't let you take your plate to your lounge chair (you have to be seated at their tables).All in all... the kids, the older adults, the singles and couples all had an amazing vacation. There was something for everyone at all times. I would go back in a heartbeat!!!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Avroqueen
<Content>Loved everything about this resort. We were there for 2 weeks for our son's wedding. It was absolutley beautiful. Our rooms, food, services, the wedding planner, the grounds, the beach, the people even the guide from the Bavaro Runner tour were all excellent. We would go back there in a minute.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mytwocentsTO
<Content>Nice Resort We got a great deal on this resort through Westjet Vacations so I would have to say overall we had a great time for the money we paid. The grounds are well kept. The beach is beautiful and the pools are clean. There were enough chairs by the pool and on the beach. Also lots of shaded areas. The food was okay. The al la carte restaurants were good, especially The Gourmet Restaurant. The lobster bisque and the lobster main course was delicious. We were impressed with the 5 star service at The Gourmet Restaurant because the service at the buffet and other restaurants were hit and miss. Our room was kept very clean. We loved our maid she was so nice and friendly. The resort is really big and we were lucky to have a room close to the beach. If you are looking for room close the beach and pool area, ask for a room in the 25's or 23's. Our child is too young for the kids club but we took her to the mini disco that they have nightly at the main theatre. She really enjoyed all the dancing. We were able to see a few shows. They were quite good for resort entertainment.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>kimnjab
<Content>Paradise.....again!!!!       Room  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GTravel777
<Content>Stay away - Roaches - bad food, very poor service This is the worst hotel I have ever been to, very poor service, they always run out of towels, food is very bad, roaches, etc鈥?Since the hotel is big they have buses which create pollution and it stinks all over the hotel territory.We came there with a group of 10 people and everyone hated the place. We tried talking to the management, but it did not resolve any of our problems. Most people we met there complained.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Larisa121
<Content>Great vacation !! We stayed at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana from Nov 15-22 and overall it was a great vacation.We updated do the Golden Club which I would NOT recommend because you paid $120 extra per person and really the one differentiator was getting the free 15 mins a day of internet use, if u dont value that then dont go for this lam upgrade.PROS:Service - I thought the service was amazing for the most part. The wait staff at the buffet were by far the best at the resort and pretty amazing. They didnt speak a word of English but were sweet. HOWEVER, THE WOMEN IN THE GIFT SHOPS WERE PURE EVIL AND SHOULD NOT BE EMPLOYED IN CUSTOMER SERVICE, THEY WERE VERY RUDEPool - The pools were great, great atmosphere, hot bright sun and the drinks and food were close by. It was hard to find a seat in the shade though and water was sometimes way too cold but heyBeach - beautiful. The sand was white and waters clear and blue. Loved it. The waves were a bit wild and it was very windy at the beach which was a turnoff. I always said if theres a beach, y would anyone ever go to a pool ?? That was answered at this resort as the pool was not windy and the beach had too many wavesGrounds - beautiful, well maintained and huge property. Had to take trams back and forth which was annoying, esp if it was raining out which it did for 2 straight days so if u wanted to eat u were foreced to get out in the rain and take the tram to get some food which was quite nasty in the rain.Food - I thought the food and a la cartes were quite good. Mexican was by far the best. Italian had great lasagna and Steakhouse was good but staff not as nice. Buffet had a variety and I had food posining on the flight back but hey.Entertainment Shows - I really loved these. Esp the Micheal Jackson and Musical Legend. The Tropicana dancers were not as good as Cuba but they were all rightCONS:Service of Females working in the lobby gift shops. PleaseRough waves and wind on the beachOverall great.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>fats4
<Content>Pool was great We were at the Gran Bahia Nov 17 to 21 and I must say it was a bit like Fawlty Towers...the only thing that was missing was Basil. Asking for a wake up call was a joke, since we either got one at 7:15am regardless of the time we asked for or none at all. The maid service was okay, not the greatest. The food was okay, but the meat tended to be undercooked, which isn't a good thing. The pool was great, loved it. The bar service was great. The mexican restaurant was unbelievable, so yummy. The shows at night were fun. I probably won't go back to this resort. I found it to be too big.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	2	1	

<Author>Lis08
<Content>Great resort, but not great food Stayed for one week Nov.10 to 17. THE RESORTThe resort was nice with very well manicured grounds. We have stayed at the Bahia Principe in Mexico which we loved and that influenced our decision to book this one.Our room was acceptable, although it may have been a bit moldy. The bed was hard and the pillows are wafer thin. Not the best room I've had.Although the beach was gorgeous (like icing sugar), I would choose not to return to the DR again simply because of the food. THE FOODHaving stayed at several 5 star resorts on different Carribbean islands, I have to say this was my least favourite. On average the food here was just not up to par with others we've stayed at. We have never experienced being sick while away before and both my husband and I had to use all our Immodium, despite being careful to always use bottled water to brush our teeth, etc. I guess maybe it's hard to avoid as they probalby use unbottled water to wash the food, etc.They had a lot of choices on the buffet, but I didn't find a lot that I really enjoyed. Bacon hard to come by in the morning and it's hardly cooked.A la cartes: We booked the Mexican - very good actually. The appetizer buffet had lots of choice and was good. Much better than the Mexican themed night at the buffet. I was full by the time my main course came. We also booked the Gourmet restaurant. We could only get into the late seating at 9:30 at night, but it was excellent. My lobster bisque was great. My lobster entre茅 also fantastic. Lastly we booked the Japanese. The food was good, but I've been to a few other Japanese restaurants like this at other resorts and this one sucked. The cook put on absolutely no show at all.WHAT WE LIKED  DIDN'T LIKEThe resort was what I expected. Lots of pool areas... a huge one right by the beach with a pool bar, children's area, places for volleyball, etc. Lots of chairs and we never had a problem finding some in the shade, even getting to the pool usually after 10am. This is where we hung out. Lots of bars, food, etc. close by.Learn a few key phrases in Spanish. I found there was a language barrier with a lot of the service staff in restaurants and bars. You could order the same drink all the time and get 5 different versions of it.They did have a couple of waitresses around the pool, who I tipped. I also tipped $5 at the a la carte restaurants, $10 at the Gourmet. I left $1 for my maid every day. The one day I didn't, we got no towels. We arrived very late, so we did not get the reception I saw other buses get (dancers and drinks). In fact, the guy at the front desk would not give me a key to the room safe because he was too busy to fill out the paperwork, come back later tonight. There was nobody else in line behind us and it was already 11:30, but I wasn't coming down later after travelling all day. I went to reception in the morning. My opinion is that this should be included with your stay and not have to pay an extra $4/day. We did have a problem with our safe malfunctioning which maintenance had to replace the battery. After calling and he was coming right away and didn't come after 1.5 hours, I told them to forget it. I called later that afternoon and then they did send someone right away.We didn't leave until 7:30 at night, but had to check out at noon. The hospitality facilities were fine and we had easy access to our luggage that they stored. You have to use the public washroom in which there are 3 showers in the back. I then used one of the stalls to change.The entertainment is your typical resort shows with some really good dancing and some really bad. We actually ended up skipping it most nights and didn't even make it to the entertainment complex for the disco or the band.Trains came every few minutes or less. No waiting or hassle there.So, bottom line? I would book the Bahia Principe in Mayan Riviera rather than Punta Cana. The resort I think is better there and the food definitely was.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>upsguy1985
<Content>Great pool, awesome weather My family and I stayed here for 14 nights in the club diamond section.Its a huge resort and at first one is overwelmed by the sheer size of it. The grounds are kept immaculate and there are a variety of tropical plants everywhere. The rooms are amazing. Ours had a king size bed and was adjoined to my sons and daughter-in-laws next door. We did have some issues with our mini bar as it was not always stocked daily. The pool in the club diamond section was definately the best in the resort as it was very clean and just the right temperature. The bartender who worked at that pool, Robinson, was great and had your next drink ready without you even asking for it. I did find however that the beer on tap was a little week and had me longing for a Labatt Blue. The beach is amazing,very clean. We enjoyed walking down the beach to the beach venders. they had a great selection of souvenirs. Do be prepared to negotiate the price however as they all start high. The food at this resort was dissapointing to say the least as I've had better at star resorts. My wife actually had some food poisoning and was ill for a couple of days. The entertainment here was very average and could use some improvement . I had the impression from the moment we arrived that this resort seems to cater to the European Traveller. Ther was very little English spoken by the resort staff and one had difficulty communicating at times. If they want Canadians to keep coming to this resort they had better do some improving.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>canuckgrl06
<Content>great vacation with the kids! I am back from a relaxing vacation (yes...with the kids - 4 yrs and 8 mos) at Gran Bahia Principe. I finally settled on the Bahia after much online research. It was highly rated on trip advisor and we wanted to stay in a resort chain with a good reputation so we would have a worry free vacation.I will give my review and a few tips we found helpful for travelling with our children.We stayed on the Bavaro side of the hotel and requested a room closest to the buffet. This is a HUGE resort and it was so handy staying close to the lobby, buffet and entertainment areas. The beach is furthest away with all the rooms situated between the lobby and the beach. We stayed in building 38 which was very handy to the lobby.FlightThe Skyservice flight to Punta Cana was excellent, left on time, staff were great and a breakfast sandwich was offered. The return flight smooth with a sandwich offered for lunch. The staff were very helpful. Take some special treats and a couple new toys and I found cheerios were a gret diversion for a baby. There is a changetable located in the bathrooms. The Punta Cana airport has a number of little shops for browsing and snacks. Upon arrival they take your photo which you then pick up on your return to the airport. There are some sections which are air conditioned and some are not. Wear your shorts and pack your pants to change into on the plane or at home because the airport is so hot in some sections and waiting in line to check in can be very frustrating especially with children.Check InYou are transported by a large coach to the hotel. I was worried aboout taking car seats vs not and found that it wasn't really necessary and the ride was smooth and the road was not busy so I found it to be quite safe. You are given an envelope with your room number while on the bus which was convenient. We had our wrist bands and were ready to enjoy the resort as soon as we got there. Also in your envelope is a pass port guide to the hotel and towel cards. Check in is at 3pm but we found that when we asked if our room might be ready early as we wanted the put our daughter down for a nap that we could get in the room by 2pm. Also at check-in ask for your safe to be set up if you will require it (the cost is $4 a day). It gave us peace of mind leaving any valuables in the room.RoomsThe rooms are set up in 3 level buildings. If you have kids, request a ground level room. It's so much easier ! The rooms are apparently king bed or 2 doubles. I requested a king but got two doubles - oh well, it ended up being fine. There is also a large wide sofa in the room which would work well for a child's bed. Rooms are equipped with a TV with a fair number of channels (mostly spanish but a few english as well) including Nickelodeon. There is a minibar fridge which we used to store bottles of baby food. It is stocked daily so you never run out of pop, beer or water. The bottled water is excellent for making bottles or taking to the beach as you should not be drinking the tap water in DR. We were given a playpen, although over the phone I was told it would be a crib and not a playpen when I asked specifically. Nonetheless is was in good condition and suited our needs.A la Carte RestaurantsAs has been mentioned, on a week's vacation, you can book 3 a la carte dinners. I would do so early (possibly even as soon as you arrive and are waiting for your room) as we found most were fully booked until at least 5 days into our trip. There are 6 options and 1 additional new bbq restaurant a la cartes. We had the Japenese (excellent and our son watched his DVD player at the table while we ate), Gourmet (we found the service to be not so great with the expection of Julianna who was lovely, they have a kids menu). Las Olas was the new bbq restaurant we were offered because the others were full. We found out is is really the beach buffet so we weren't too excited about that as it wasn't a true a la carte. I have heard the Garden Grill (steakhouse) is excellent and there is also an Italian, Seafood and Mexican restaurants on the Bavaro side. The Bavaro guests are able to dine in the a la cartes on the Bavaro side and not on the Punta Cana side and vice versa. They also have seperate buffets.BuffetThe buffet was very good here. You can eat at the main buffet restaurant, the seafood or mexican restaurant (also buffets open at breakfast and lunch). There is so much variety and most is very tasty. It is open a little late for dinner when you have kids (7-10pm) but we found that we all just adjusted our schedules slightly and they were fine. We would often feed my daughter (8 mos) a jar of food in the room beforehand and then give her some cheerios to snack on while we ate. For breakfast, the is breads, bagels, cereals, eggs, pancakes, french toast, fresh fruits, juices, smoothies, omelets and eggs to order, pastries, jams and a variety of other dishes. For lunch, there are salads, breads for sandwiches, hot dogs, burgers, pizza, pasta, soups, and various dishes of the day. The dinners are in a different theme each night (spanish, american, italian, mexican, dominican, asian and a gala dinner on Saturday). We loved the mexican and dominican nights - delicious!! The details are amazing including towers of desserts, ice sculptures, carved melons, and sugar and bread sculptures which decorate the buffet area. There was always 4-5 selections each night specifically for kids. Often, it was fried foods but it was nice that they thought of this. My son loved the pizza, pasta, fresh fruits, eggs, juices and we would often make him sandwiches for lunch. The staff were sometimes friendly, sometimes cool but were always at your service and plates and dishes were always cleared right away. It might be helpful to learn a few key phrases in spanish - the staff really appreciated it and your kids will learn some works in a new language.BeachWe didn't spend alot of time here with the kids. My son was leary of the ocean waves and it was often rough and babies and sand aren't the best mix. If you do go, take along a few towels to make a beach blanket. There is plenty of shade and tons of beach chairs. There is a trolley that runs from the lobby to the beach every few minutes. You never have to wait long. There is a ship wreck right in front of the resort in the ocean apparently a wreck from the 70s we were told. Interesting to see.PoolsGorgeous and warm ! There are 2 pools - one located at the beach (the large main pool) and a smaller central pool located halfway along the little road that runs the length of the resort. There is a 3rd Diamond Club pool but unless you've upgraded you cannot swim here. Both pools have seperate kiddie areas, gradual entries and pool bars! The pool bars had a variety of refreshments for kids like juices and slushy drinks. We spent almost all day every day at the pool. There are shady areas in the pool and my we always dressed my son in his suit, a t-shirt and hat to keep him out of the sun as much as we could because he was in the pool most of the day. There are lots of chairs (provided you arrive before 10ish) and shade covers. I found I didn't need a playpen at the pool, because my daughter either was in the pool or sat with us on the beach chair sleeping or playing. You will use your towel cards for a beach towel daily so you don't have to lug them back to your room and you have a fresh, dry towel every day. There are towel huts at each pool.EntertainmentThere is a Mini Club available for kids 4-12. I have heard from other travellers that other resorts have them but were not always open. The MiniClub at the Bahia was open daily from 9-12:30 and 1:30-5. It is staffed by Virginia (she seemed to be there every day) who was excellent and very good with the kids. There are different activities offered every hour including swimming, inside games, movies, mini golf, etc. My son only used the Kids Club once but it was a nice offering and I felt comfortble leaving him there.Also for kids, there is nightly entertainment at 8pm in the Tropicana Theatre. Virginia does games, dances and there is music and prizes for kids of all ages. The highlight is Thursday nights when the kids staying at the resort can participate in the evening entertainment of the Lion King, all dressed in costume. Very sweet.There is nightly entertainment for adults at 9:45pm - the Michael Jackson show, Stars are Here and Legends (impersonator shows) were all excellent and the dancers were amazing!! More entertainment continues at the Pueblo Principle ( a market square area with vendors and stores ) with nightly offerings at 11pm. With kids, of course, we never saw any of it but we did enjoy shopping there and chatting with all the vendors.There is tennis, minigolf and tons of activities pool side (bingo, water aerobics, dance lessons, etc). We didn't try any watersports as we found the seas to be too rough but there was lots to offer.Overall a great resort to stay with kids! Feel free to message me if you have any specific questions.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>traveljunkies30
<Content>Sand Like Silk        Rock Show  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Lynnresort
<Content>Perfect ! ! Went november 3 , 2008 for a week Big resort. Nice rooms, garden, restaurants,pools and the beach wowwwwwwww. We can take a long walk and look at the other resort and I think we had the best beach, very clean, nice perfect waves So nice and didn't pay much $ 850.00 last minute The temperature was perfect, very hot . I did not expect that in november. I realy like going in november. I usely go in march. I will go back and I will be proud to bring my family and friends.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>KimKim69
<Content>I love it I was in Grand Bahia Principe from Oct 17-24 , 2008 with my husband  little daughter . We really had a great time and absolutely love it .The Resort is beautiful, clean  huge. Our check in  check out was Breeze. All staffs are friendly and helpful.The food is good, in buffet you will find lots of different foods with good quality  taste. We were in Japanese, French  Mexican Restaurant. The outstanding was Japanese , we love the food  service . French restaurant was terrible; it took almost 1 hour  half to get our food. My daughter got so sleepy and tired of too much waiting, we ignore the desert  ate our food so fast. We heard such this complain from some other people as well.The Mexican Restaurant was awesome too . Good welcome drink, tasty appetizer  great food. .Most of the people were happy of Garden Grill  Steak house too .Bu we could go only 3 restaurant per week and we didn鈥檛 try those one .There is a buffet at the beach too , even though the food was almost same everyday but No complain .We spent most of our time at main swimming pool  beach which has lots of activities  Entertainment and you never notice how the time fly .I can鈥檛 describe the Beach, you must see . it is just beautiful with lots of chairs and white sand . The Ocean was as blue as the sky . we did lots of swimming and enjoyed a lot .We thought we will have lots of rain , but one time andtook only 5 min shower . the other time was around 11 pm with heavy rain . Other days was sunshine and beautiful .There are lot of bars everywhere with tasty cocktails . Even thought the international drinks wasn鈥檛 included, but their domestic drinks was good though .The room was clean , air conditioner was working well . The mini bars was always full of water , coke  beer .We heard Punta Cana is a high risk of Malaria , so that all us took prevention pills , but in this resort you hardly see any mosquitoes . I saw a small truck do spray all over the resort every afternoon .The entertainment at night was great , it starts at 8 45 pm with lots of game in the main Theater , then at 9 45- 10 45 pm you will see the shows . I loved Circus  Michael Jackson , others was perfect too.Then you can go to Band live music from 11 -12 pm with lots of dancing in outside stage , they will serve you with lots of drink and there is a snack bar as well .From 12-2 am you can go to disco or Casino .In third days of our arrival , my daughter (she is 6 years ) burn her hand . She wanted to take pancake in the buffet and the dish was so hot , her skin was pilled off completely . We run into the clinic , the doctor did a perfect job .he cleaned up and did the bandage , he advised a shot injection to prevent infection and apply Anibiotique cream .. My daughter couldn鈥檛 go swimming for 2 days and was a disaster for her. However she had great time with lots of activities around the Pool and not to get bored at all . The management feel guilty about this accident, and thought they shouldn鈥檛 put such a hot dish so close or they should put a note as a 鈥?Hot cautious 鈥?.They sent us fruit basket to our room every day with Balloon鈥檚 decoration to make my daughter happy. they called two times per day to see how is she which was so nice from them  .The customer service manager  the resort manger were so nice and helpful too .I will send my special 鈥?Hello 鈥?to them .they tried their best to make our vacation wonderful and they did .It鈥榮 almost one month after this accident, her hand didn鈥檛 get any infection and today it鈥檚 hardly to see the scar , thank God .Overall , we absolutely are happy of this resort and would come back again ( I wish I could back NOW ) . Please feel free to contact with me if you have any question .  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>PuntaCanada8
<Content>Wowza! What a great place! Just returned home from this resort a few minutes ago. What a great resort/ holiday! We really wanted to stay another few days.When reserving this trip, we spent a lot of time trying to figure out where to go, investigating on the internet, finding best price vs best place and reading these reviews for thoughts. We found a fantastic resort, Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro.Last year we stayed at Grand Paradise, which was a very nice resort too. I certainly wouldn't mind staying there again but Gran Bahia is superior and MUCH larger.We didn't figure out until we got there, that there are two parts to this resort. One is the Punta Cana side (the regular side) and the other being the Amber side (the step up side). It might be worth while finding out how much more the Amber side is. You get a few extra (ie- meals, private pool, extra access to water sports equipment). We travelled with Air Transat which was okay. I recommend taking extra snacks and drinks with you on the plane as they don't feed you too much.Hotel room- Gran Bahia rooms were really good. The bathrooms have normal showers, facilities,etc. The bed linens, towels were clean. Beach- what can I say....it is truly amazing. There are lots of sun beds, palaps, palm trees, quiet areas and fun areas.Pools- great!! The pool closest to the beach isn't the clienest. Not sure what to expect with the pool is so close to beach and people don't shower off their sand covered bodies. This didn't stop us from spending the whole day in this pool. However, my preference was the pool closer to our hotel room. (Did I mention the pools have swim up bars??? Fun! You must try the chocolate banana slushy and if you are new to the Resort lifestyle the Bahama mama is also a must!)Water sports- this can get very busy and can be a little frustrating. It seems like you have to reserve the day before or hang around and hope people don't show up for their reservation. For Wind surfing you need to take lessons cost $35. A 2 hour snorkeling trip was really good, cost $35. Boogie boards, kyacking are free.Food- buffet is good, lots of variety and nicely decorated. For the al a carte restaurants our favorite was the Japanese. Also tried the gourment which was very nice and the seafood place which was fine. Bars- endless drinks. Also, have a nice coffee  tea area. This area can get pretty smokey. Lobby- beautiful. Lots of places to hang out.Entertainment- really appreciated the effort of the entertainment staff. The Michael Jackson and Legends shows were really good. The Lion King show should have been for kids. Old towne entertainment which includes a house band which was great! And a little skits iwth crowd participation. The skits were silly but mindless fun, good for a laugh.Old towne also has stores, vendors, internet, hamburger joint, karobe bar, pool tables and a night club. All really good. Staff- overall very good. Some of the staff seem a little bored or annoyed (this is only an observation- not a comment of concern).Did hear on our travels that the RUI location is great and the Barcelo locations are good too (there seems to be 3-4 different Barcelo resorts). There was one I saw that I would like to go next year. Melia Caribe. We also went on two tours. Bavaro Runners was fantastic. We had a hilarious tour guide, Alex. It is worthwhile requesting his tour. Santa Domingo- we went this year and last year. Good this year. Great last year. Last year we ended up on a tour with a women tour guide from the Netherlands. She was great. If you can, go for two weeks. We went for one and wanted to stay longer. Hope this helps you make a decision.Happy travels.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Al11
<Content>Decent Place Huge place, awesome grounds. great transportation service within the grounds. It took us a day to find out where to book the a la carte's, by then everything was booked......like for the week !!!, they have to work on that one, we only could get the Japanese..which was aswesome, and the Italian....which wasn't even edible...close that one up folks. The food wasn't great at all, wasn't crappy either, just food. All in all it's a nice resort, real clean, do yourself a favor and learn spanish, as the only people who can speak english are the bartenders @ the pools and beach, and the people who work in the room where you book your meals, even most of the guests are spanish., tough to communicate. I would return to this one, overall pretty good.Al  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>redsuspenders
<Content>Big resort, loved it! My wife and I just returned from a week at the Bahia Principe Bavaro with our 2 year old daughter.We had an excellent week.Room:nice suite with jacuzzi tub, maid was a bit hit and miss on the towels.Beach:beautiful clean sand nice swimming area, ample loungers,Bars:Fast, friendly service, no complaints! Lobby bar in the evening gets busy, but service was still great.Buffet:Lots of variety, each night has a different theme,Pools:Spent out time at the pool nearest the beach. Lots of room, lots of loungers, close to bar. Pool could use a really good cleaning, as there is black build up in the tile grouting. Some of this material floats around in the water after a while each day,A la cartes:Only went to the Steak house, the tenderloin was excellent!Check in/check out:All paperwork ready on the shuttle from the airport, so when you get to the resort, you just get your room key and the bellboys take you to your room. This was the first time we had experienced this, and I wish all resorts did it because it kills the time on the bus, and you can enjoy the resort as soon as you ge tthere instead of waiting to check in. As for checkout, we got there early before breakfast and glad we did with only one person doing checkouts. A bit later, it got busy, and I noticed they added two more people on the desk.I would sum up our vacation as great, but I don't think I would go to this resort in the busy season due to how large it is and how crowded it might be.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>jonford
<Content>Amazing Hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This hotel is fantastic!! If there are any dodgy reviews - ignore them (they are probably written by people who are far too fussy!)The first thing you will notice is the size - this hotel is massive (there are mini bus/trains to take you from one area to another-and have about 10 stops from the reception to the far end/beach) (the tain busses are small little things, not big coaches) They are V reliable and good fun to jump on.There are 3 HUGE pools dotted along the strip of apartment blocks. 2 are identical, with swim-up bars open from 10am, and there is a HUGE HUGE one at the end of the strip with fountains and bridges. (when I say strip, I mean the little lane from reception to the beach)The beach is beautiful and private to hotel stayers only. Food is fantastic - there is loads of choice each night and you wont get board (Ive never seen so much food) It is refilled every couple of minutes (we saw them throw away 3/4 of a platter because the next one was ready!!) There are about 5 a la carte restaurants and u get to eat in 3 of them per one week of staying (Included in deal) The japanese is highly recommended)Deff do Soana Island - but book through one of the other reps (not thompson - half the price) there is a room full of reps - all are fine and offer different options)Staff are v helpful - take lots of $1 notes for tips!!ANYONE WHO BOOKS THIS HOTEL REALLY WILL HAVE A GREAT TIME (it is called Punta cana and Bavaro as it is split into 2 hotels - so if someone says they are staying a P-Cana, and your reservation says Bavaro - dont worry, it is the same place!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happycamper059
<Content>not a care in the world Spent a week at the Bavaro section mid week after thanksgiving. Second time at an all inclusive. First time was 5 star Mayan Rivera. This one was even better! Everything about the resort was service oriented, and you can do as much or little as you like. The food choices were excellent at all of the venues. Al a carte were alot of fun. Beach is amazing - the best ever. Learned to sail and went out and around the ship - cost of 35 to learn then 5 dollars a day WOW!!! Upgrade to the diamond level will give you one extra al a carte weekly and access to a private pool and restaruant. Cant think of one complaint - except that we had to fly home and stop wondering which of 5 or 6 spots we will go to and be served next. Would recommend this property without reservation to anyone at anytime. Do take along plenty of dollar bills to tip - because we can. Have a blast!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>alo2008
<Content>Dont worry - GREAT vacation!! Hello,Very helpful website - I used it alot before we travelled, so I thought I'd return the favour...I travelled with my wife, and 2 kids, ages 4 and 10 months.My wife and I have been to a few places in Cuba and Mexico before so I have enough to compare to. This hotel is in my top 2.We might be slightly biased because we speak spanish, so it was alot easier for us.Weather was incredible. Poured one nite (we were sleeping anyway), and rained one day for about 20 minutes, and the sun came right out again. Arrival and Flight November 2008Sunwing Airlines from Toronto AirportFlight times were brutal, depart: 7am to 11am, return: 10pm to 2am. We were worried that the kids might suffer, but they didn't. Maybe just luck, but they just slept the whole time! All things considered, flight wasn't bad. Rooms Rooms were great. I booked only days before we left and right away sent an email to the hotel requesting ground floor, near the pool and a playpen for an infant. When we arrived, they gave us 2 out of 3, and sent us the playpen asap when I called front desk.Rooms were always cleaned well. AC worked fine.Restaurants Buffet restaurant: great. Better than most other resorts. Always plenty to choose from, we are all picky (ok not me), and we all found plenty to eat, even my 10 month old daughter.A la cartes: even better! We went to Japanese (fun and food was fine), Mexican (we LOVED the buffet appetizers, main was OK) and Steakhouse (pretty good).Bars Service was usually good, not always the quickest, but c'mon, you're on vacation... lighten up and just enjoy, no one should be on a schedule or in a rush when on vacation. Tips do help of course, but in general, tip or no tip, service was fine. Drinks did vary in strength, but again, who cares? Not enough booze? Drink more! Too much booze? Slow down! Simple.Beach and Pools Beach is amazing. Beautiful, beautiful. Didn't spend too much time at the beach because the kids didnt like it too much, but when there, it's paradise.Pools are great, kids loved it. Brought my 4 year old his own life jacket, he had a blast; my little girl totally loved it. Never thought it was too dirty or over-crowded. When we wanted quiet, we'd go to one section, when we wanted music and noise we moved to that section. Grounds HUGE. Trolley services were quick and convenient, but the wife always wanted to walk! LOTS of walking, but for the amount of food you eat, its probably a good thing! Always people cleaning, watering, painting, fixing. Lovely grounds. Pics don't lie, just take a look at some of the ones posted...Activities and Entertainment Didn't do any 'partying' - it was a family vacation! We saw 1 show, the Lion King, not great, but not bad. The boy loved it.Didnt get to see the club, casino or late shows...Tours Stayed at the resort the whole time, again because we had the kids, otherwise we would have ventured off for sure.Conclusion Overall we had a wonderful time, so relaxing and care-free. Dominicans are the best people, they all knew my kids' names by the end of the week, and always said hi, please, thank you and with pleasure. Again, maybe because we spoke the language we had a bit of an advantage, but when we spoke in english, most of the staff helped adequately. Yes, some dont speak english, but hey, you're in a spanish speaking country!! Hello! However, at the front desk, they spoke perfect english, and all you have to do is ask ask and ask! Pretty easy if you ask me! LOTS of europeans, yes, mainly spaniards. Some americans. No one bugged me too much, except some rude and loud CANADIANS next door. Yes, you're on vacation, but be considerate... if you want to make noise at 1am, go to the bar, disco, or even your balcony! Not the front foyer!!! No need to even leave the resort (we didn't) and the shops are of course overpriced, but not too TOO bad, considering it is in the hotel.Negotiate with the vendors! I bought stuff from the vendors that cost 2 or 3 times more at the airport. And even then I probably got a little ripped off. Bottom line - If you're not a snob, then don't worry about this place, you will have an incredible time. Nothing to really complain about at all, especially for the great price we got. Would definitely go back.Can't understand the bad reviews... all I can guess is that something went wrong, by bad luck, and it just ruined the vacation, or they are simply miserable people!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ReenaK
<Content>Great resort, beautiful grounds, busy beach Here are the positives about this resort.The grounds are beautiful, very lush and green, huge open lobby, nice pools, one large one that is very loud and busy, and then another one that is large and nice and has a few activities.Michael Jackson show is awesome!!Rooms are big and the bathroom and tub are great.The transportation that takes you from your room to the beach and the restaurants you wont wait more than 10 seconds for it.The staff are all very nice and service is good.The breakfast buffet is very good and has lots of selection.The steak house is great...good steak.(garden grill)Here are the cons.Maid didnt come for two days at all one time to our room.you have to have a towel card for your towels..make sure your towel doesnt get stolen.There is alot of upselling at this resort...lots of pricelists for many drinks that arent included, always a note at dinner that the wine recommended isnt included, and they have signs to get you to upgrade your room. plus the safe costs 35.00The beach is ridiculous there are literally about 500 beach chairs all over the place..and the water is really currenty and rough..i was scared to go in...although the beach is nice and the water a nice color and you can take a nice walk at night...this beach looks like Honolulu to me...and the safe isnt included..that is bad for a 5 star resort...you are protecting yourself against the cleaning people having a safe..and they make you pay for it..i have never ever heard of this before..we paid for the Royal Golden section and it still wasnt included..which is a complete burn.at the royal golden you get 15 min on the internet and they dont trust you and have to sign you in...i felt like a school kid.Overall..i enjoyed the food, the resort is gorgeous, the staff nice...oh i forgot to mention how rude and unwelcoming the check instaff in Royal golden were .... one in particular..Rose..oh my god..she never welcomed us....told us the safe costs 35.00, wouldnt help us book restaurants, told us to come back even though we were in the time stated you were allowed to do so, and at the end said...oh here is your welcome drink...and handed us warm orange juice as we were leaving.overall i would recommend this..I would definitely recommend Ambar over royal golden..you get turndown each night but best of all you get a private pool for that section..with no kids!!! they keep advertising it is 15.00 to upgrade...so i am guessing it is 210.00/week extra per couple..i think we paid more to have golden..so we got burned..email me if you like reenak@shaw.ca  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	1	4	3	

<Author>Iras
<Content>Great Food, Nice Beach, Cleanliness, Staff everywhere       Pool  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jenaboo
<Content>Awesome Vacation!!! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe for 7 days at the end of October. The weather was beautiful everyday - hot and sunny. We experienced two small rainfalls that lasted only minutes, otherwise the weather was perfect. Check-in was fairly quick and since we had spare time before we could get into our room, we were able to relax in the lobby and enjoy some delicious drinks and eat at the buffet. The grounds were BEAUTIFUL and garbage free all week long. Our room (junior suite), was situated in a villa and was quite large and clean. Everyday the mini-fridge was refilled with juice, pop and water. Every room has its own balcony. We chose to eat at the Mexican Restaurant, Garden Grill and Italian Restaurant. The Mexican restaurant was by far the best restaurant. The atmosphere was fun - the staff were extremely friendly and the food was delicious! The Garden Grill was also very good but we found the atmosphere at both the Italian and Garden Grill restuarant to be not as enjoyable as the Mexican restuarant.We also ate at the buffet and snack bar which we found to have good food. The beach was gorgeous - sandy white beaches and torquoise water. There were plenty of lounge chairs for everyone. There is a bar located on the beach and the snack bar is also located near the beach. The pools were also very fun - alot of daily activities and music. The staff, for the most part, were very friendly. Overall, we had a lovely vacation. The weather was fabulous, the food was great, the beach was beautiful. We could not have asked for a better vacation!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sirenis_girl
<Content>Amazing Holiday!!! Would return tomorrow if I could!       Resort Map  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bmw2000csi
<Content>Extended review of a great holiday       Room 15102  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ivisalo
<Content>A 5 Star Hotel l!!!       Blue Water!!!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Chloerules
<Content>Amazing Resort! My boyfriend and I just returned from a week at The Bahia Principe Bavaro and we had a fantastic experience. From the moment we got onto the bus to the resort everything was very organized. We were given an information package on the resort and the staff checked us into our rooms (arm-bands etc) before we even got off the bus! This saved time in line at the front desk. Our room was large and very clean. The bathroom was lovely with a huge soaker tub. The resort is huge so there are bus stops throughout the property and a trolley that comes every 2 or 3 minutes to bring guests to the lobby or pool/beach. The property itself was immaculate. I鈥檝e traveled many times to the Caribbean and I鈥檝e never experienced such a beautifully maintained resort. The bushes, grass and flowers were kept in perfect condition. We never saw any garbage on the ground the entire week we were there. The main pool by the beach was very large and clean. The beach was one of the nicest I鈥檝e ever experienced. The water was crystal clear and you could tell the beach was maintained on a daily basis. The service at the bars, lobby and restaurants was great. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful. Most of the employees spoke English or at least tried and this made us feel right at home. All of the dining we experienced was delicious. The buffet had several options and we were never bored with the food. The Garden Grill and Japanese a la carte restaurants were top notch.We decided to go on a day trip to the Saona Island. The trip was an entire day experience traveling by bus and then on a speed boat and catamaran. The only downfall is the amount of time spent on the bus. We left the hotel at 7:15 am and did not return until 7:30 p.m. and during this time we were on the bus for about 5-6 hours. The sights on the island are beautiful, but just be prepared for a very long day on a bus. Overall, we really enjoyed our experience and would return to this resort in a second. This was our first time to the Dominican Republic and it certainly won鈥檛 be our last. I would definitely recommend this resort when traveling to D.R. you won鈥檛 be disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kuttersknivesinc
<Content>Easily a 5 star in Canadian standards       View from my room  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>TigermanSparkes
<Content>Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro.. the best holiday for me ever Vacation Bahia Principe October 4 2008 First let me say I had a wonderful vacation here and enjoyed my stay immensely, but there were trials and tribulations to get through. Arrived in the dark of night around 10:00 pm and was escorted to our room in block 37, they all look the same, and was immediately pleasantly surprised when entering as I had a gigantic junior suite (they鈥檙e all junior suites) with a huge king bed, sofa, sitting area etc. Went to the buffet (still open) and was again pleasantly surprised at the extent of selection of dishes. Trials and tribulations:Didn鈥檛 sleep too good as the air conditioner was pumping warm air and the room was not comfortable even with the ceiling fan blowing down on us. Went to reception before breakfast and explained my problem and was assured the problem would be taken care of. Went back after lunch and room was the same. Went to reception again and was told someone would take care of it. After the beach went back to the room and found it the same. Complained again and after dinner a serviceman arrived to check it out. He told us it would be cool in 2 hours. Wasn鈥檛. Went to Reception again next morning and spoke to Josue who promised me it would be fixed immediately and sure enough in the afternoon it was working. Terrific鈥?but, woke up next morning to a warm room again. Went to reception again and spoke with Josue who found us a new room in the same complex and assisted in moving us personally.The good things:All the staff are friendly and well mannered professionals, but these are some that I will personally remember from this vacation.The GroundsNever have I been to such a clean resort, so well maintained, everything in place, lovely gardens and flowers everywhere.The Entertainment.Superb, the best I have encountered on any vacation ever鈥?the house band is fantastic, the disco is great, the theatre and the performances of your dancers and the shows, the best. The Dining experience.The buffet is incredible, always have good selection of great food, the A La Carte restaurants are great too, but somehow I preferred the Buffet selections.The Last DayI thought this would be a tough day, seeing as we had to vacate our room by noon, however, as usual Bahia Principe provides for your comfort to the very end. At checkout I was fortunate to see Josue again who allowed me to keep my towel cards so I could enjoy a day at the pool and have a nice relaxing day. Shower facilities are also provided near the main lobby for those who feel the need to freshen up before departure. Still had time for breakfast, lunch and snacks and all the drinks I would want, except by now all I want is soda and lime. Went to the pool, had lunch, relaxed in the lobby writing this critique. Had a great day. Said my goodbye鈥檚 to all the friends we had made and waited for the bus.Dennis Sparkes53 Port Union RdToronto, OntarioCanadaM1C 5J2  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Hottublifeguard
<Content>Diamond Club is the way to go!       picture perfect landscaping  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Luv2Travel2006
<Content>Our Second Visit to Bahia - this time for our honeymoon - loved it When it was time to pick a destination for our honeymoon we could have chosen anywhere but decided to go back to Bahia Principe. We had a wonderful vacation last year in November 2007 when this hotel was rated #1. We were not disappointed on our first visit and all expectations were met again.We came back for the following reasons1. excellent food. The buffet has so much excellent selection and lots of restuarants to choose from. We booked at four restaurants.2. Beach and lots of ample shade and beach lounge chairs. The same goes for the pool areas. Beautiful surroundings and no nonsense of needing to wake up early at 6am to scounge for decent locations3. service is actually really good. We never had language problems. our room was always replinished with bottled water every morningTake everything in moderation. Too much sun, drinks with coconut cream, or pineapple may make you spend more time in your room recovering vs. having a good time. drink lots of water, bring lots of sunscreenWe had a great time and without hesitation would return again  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luggage43
<Content>awsome vacation       heli-copter rides  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gingersweets
<Content>BRILLIANT - just go and enjoy ! Absolutely brilliant ! Amazing views and beaches...just go, relax and enjoy ! Definately DEFINATELY recommended !  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>casinonick
<Content>loved the Principe I have stayed in hundreds of hotels all over the world, and many have been a disappointment, this one was not. The beach was clean and pretty, plenty of things to do (i played beach volleyball), good and diverse restaurants, many pools including a large main pool, lovely reception area with very large bar, live music and very comfortable. Fantastic rooms, large and nicely decorated. I am returning this month, and happy to do so.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Andy&Lena
<Content>A 5 star place ranked by local standards though You have to keep an open mind that this country is a 3rd world and therefore standards are not the same as we would typically expect back home. Ambar is part of the Gran Bahia complex that has Gran Bahia Bavaro (the biggest complex) and Gran Bahia Punta Cana. There is yet another complex just being finished called Premier. The latter is so far from the beach though. Bavaro has by far the most villas, many certainly not walking distance to the beach. It also caters to families. In fact there are little trains to take one across the complex. The train does come to Ambar also so you can go to the other complexes. Ambar has the villas nearest the beach and walking distance. None really have beach views though you will get a nice pool view and partial beach one if you get to be in villas 67 or 60. Amabr is of course adults only. We stayed here for 2 weeks. The welcome was warm and even though check in is 3pm, we got our room 12.30pm which was nice. The rooms are very clean, spacious and cosy. The bathroom certainly was well laid out also. They give you a mini bar that comes with the all-inclusive. They normally fill it up every day and is free!The maids do start to work outside around 8,30am and they scrub the tilled floors which does make some noise. With night life ending here 11pm every night, you tend to go to bed early, unless you venture over to Bavaro. The latter has a daily show from 9.45pm - 10.45pm. The Michael Jackson show on a Monday night is pretty neat. They also have an OK circus show on Thursdays. This area is a covered, but open theatre with lots of smokers. You can then move to the outside band area that goes until 12am. You also have the disco that goes to 2am. One headache we found is the attire one needs in Ambar. For breakfast and lunch guys HAVE to wear t-shirts or sleeved shirts though can get in with shorts. In the evenings guys HAVE to have full length pants. I tried with capris and was told to change! Women at the pool/beach restaurant must be covered from waist down to eat here. You will need a wrap around or shorts. Guys are OK wandering in with swim shorts only; no top is needed. This gets tiring especially when you are in warm climate. With the buffet in Bavaro and Punta Cana complexes, shorts are OK for guys in the evenings, though no tank tops anywhere any time. All buffets are the same each evening everywhere and have themes, eg Mexican, Oriental, etc. All la cartes can be booked at guest services. Don Pablo was by far the best and you need to be dressed up to get in. El Olivio, their Mediterranean restaurant was terrible, We walked out the food was so bad. Equally as bad in Bavaro was Pescador. Maika, the Japanese place in Bavaro was great. Teppanyaki and the sushi was not all that bad! Buffets had very good variety and quality was pretty good. We never went hungry though its gets tiring for 2 weeks. Good thing is there is no smoking in any restaurant. The lobby bar in Ambar is also no smoking, but elsewhere it is allowed. Nice drinks to try are Coco Loco, a coconut/rum cocktail. Service was mostly pleasant though there is an element of pretentiousness here. The hotel dings you for everything. Make sure you bring enough suncreen or you will need to buy it here for about $33, literally, per bottle. Beach was beautiful with ample chairs to lie down on. September had 35% occupancy. Pool area typically had the chairs occupied under the umbrellas, otherwise lots left to bake in the sun. You get a pillow menu that features scented pillows. We got chamomile pillows which smelled nice at first, though were so strong we had to send them back. They impregnated the room with their smell for a few days later! We had a late checkout as our plane was 9pm Saturday night. They actually charge you $15 US per extra hour that you stay over. That drew a sore thumb. Be cautioned about some of the tours that can be made in the Bavaro side. The dolphin swim one is $110 US each and gives you about 10-15 minutes of interaction with them in a group. This was a rip off. You will really enjoy the sea lion swim at half the price. Some days around the pools you can get your picture taken with parrots and a monkey. $10 per picture.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>eldoso
<Content>It's a favorite! We just returned from a one-week stay at the Gran Bahia Principe, Punta Cana, and loved it. We had seen a couple of unfavorable reviews and were a little concerned prior to our arrival. However, we were very happy with the hotel, the staff, the room, the food, the restaurants and the beach was much better than the ones I have seen in Mexico and other parts of the caribbean.Many of the staff do not speak much English, but they do try to understand you. Most of the people at the front desk speak English pretty well, as do guest services. Our maid provided us with various daily towel creations, accented with flowers. The room was very clean with nice furniture, king-size bed, couch, two chairs, table, dresser, small refrigerator with soft drinks, water and beer, bathroom was large, with a great shower and jetted tub, lots of hot water, hair dryer, soap, shampoo etc. lots of towels, changed daily. Also, every room had a big golf umbrella for when it rained, which was very handy since we had some rain while we were there.We ate at three restaurants, the Garden Room (steak which we really enjoyed), the Italian (pretty good) and Seafood (O.K. but nothing special). The rest of the time we ate at the buffet and the food there was very good, lots of variety, every food container labeled, so no surprises. Desserts were excellent - I'm a dessert lover and here they were all good, plus they had icecream available every day.The beach was wonderful - lots of chairs and palapas for shade. Water was of course very warm - sun is hot so bring lots of sunscreen and don't go out without putting it on! The pools looked very nice, with swim-up bars, but we spent most of our time on the beach. The hotel grounds were beautiful and very well-kept. The hotel employs a lot of people too keep the place looking the way it does.Most of the guests were European (probably Spain) but there were English and Canadian plus some American. In talking with guest services, they said the American guests tend to come later in the year, from Nov. on to get out of the cold weather.We loved this hotel - traveled there on an Apple package and were very happy - flight was good, representatives were helpful and we will definitely by back.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mrshappy1
<Content>Great Honeymoon We went there on our Honeymoon and it was great. The staff was very polite and in a good mood. The food was great. The excursions were awesome (you have to try swimming with the sharks and rays at the Marinarium). It does help if you know a little spanish, if not do like we did get an english/spanish dictionary. Bring lots of sun screen and a hat, and if you go to the pueblo principe make sure to bargain until you have to or almost have to walk away. Shampoo, Conditioner, creams and lotions are expensive, try not to forget these at home. Room was beautiful.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>staben
<Content>Perfect Vacation !!! I stayed at the Bahia Principe Bavaro from Sept. 12 to the 19 and I Cannot Believe people could find something wrong with this resort鈥?I guess if you REALLY go out of your way to try鈥?but nope, I checked and not even if you try!!!It started out as a last minute vacation. Booked on Thursday afternoon and was leaving with Air Transat from Montreal Friday at 12:30鈥?could not be more last minute鈥?It was a recommendation from my travel agent and he was so right about this hotel!!!After booking, I emailed the hotel to ask for a 3rd floor room. 30 Minutes later, Mrs Laura Vogler, Sales Executive Gran Bah铆a Pr铆ncipe B谩varo-Punta Cana-Ambar was writing back!!! I thought, Hmmmm, I might be in for something good!!! And I was wrong鈥?It was just GREAT from start to finish!!! Reception was done in a flash with extremely nice and friendly staff, Cirillo took me to my room, again, with so much politeness and diligence in offering as much help possible.What can I say鈥?impeccable room and the maid did a great job with a big smile every time I saw her. Food was awesome, buffet had so many choices, fresh fruits, vegetables, salads, many different meals, deserts鈥?Again, very friendly staff to help and serve. I went to the 3 a la carte restaurants, Japanese, Grill and Mexican (My favourite) All were beyond good鈥?presentation, taste, freshness, service, great company made it perfect!!Beach was very clean, walking a lot on the beach from one end to the other I could compare with other resorts and Bahia Principe has top notch workers!!!Enjoying late dinners, I cannot talk much about the shows, but they had a different one every night and people seemed to enjoy them very much. The pools are beautiful!! I enjoy the beach too much to stay at the pool though but people seemed to be having fun!!!I HIGHLY recommend the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana and will DEFINITIVELY be back next year.Do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questionBenoit St-Amand  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>titch4404
<Content>Good, but definitely not a five star I noticed, before I booked the resort, that the posted reviews which were considered most helpful by readers were very positive, and those which were less than glowing were generally considered unhelpful.Now that I've just returned, I find that interesting, because I responded best to the sunny reviews and made my decision based on those who had a great time and loved the place. I guess one finds what one's looking for.If you're bound to have a good time, you certainly will: the Italian food is fantastic, the beach unbeatable. Compared to the few Caribbean all-inclusives in which we've stayed, however, I wouldn't rate the Bavaro a five star: the rooms and their amenities are fine, for example, but not luxurious (the in-room entertainment was (for us), weak, with an old TV, no remote, and certainly no movies, VCR, etc. Since it rained for much of the week, this mattered a bit.) We were bound to have a good time and we did, despite the indifferent service, and the lack of people to meet (most of the guests are Spanish, and we speak the language haltingly). Our view: Go, but don't expect the best facilities, live entertainment, or service. if you want to have a good time, you will (despite the potential disappointments). And bring good reading material as there is none on the resort.BTW, the Bananarama drinks are completely addictive!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	5	3	4	

<Author>3mpoem
<Content>Watch your belongings We are a family of 3 (with a 5 year old) and have spent 8 days in Gran Bahia Principe, Punta Cana part, in August and actually we liked the room, the beach and the friendly staff. But at the end, it was our worst hotel experience ever, as we were treated in a really rude, unprofessional and not exactly guest-friendly way.Our room was comfortable and nice size, however the air-conditioner wasn't working properly. The friendly lady from public relations promised to send a technician to our room. They've never fixed the air conditioner, but something else happened. My husband took his laptop briefcas on vacation with him. He is a busy profesional and has to check his e-mails often. The briefcase had 2 locks with security codes. Laptop was on the desk, and briefcase was closed with both locks, but practically empty, containing just few business related papers, since we deposited all our valuables in a room safe (for a charge of $35). Three days before leaving the hotel, we noticed that someone deliberately opened the briefcase by breaking both security locks.Fortunately nothing has been stolen (there was nothing inside), but the $250 briefcase was useless. We immediately reported it to public relations, and they told us that they will open an investigation and that they have the possibility to check who entered the room. After various phonecalls they offered us free massage, but after beeing told that we just want compensation for the vandalized briefcase, that actually told us, they can't pay for it, because no one entered the room?!!! My husband demanded to talk to a manager and met Mr. Julio Pena, resident manager of Punta Cana Hotel and tried to explain him the situation. He wouldn't listen and told him: -Sir, you are wrong, they must have broken it at the airport. With the other words, he tried to portray us as liars who want to cheat !!! As we returned home, we contacted hotel management once again, who at least , made an effort in answering our letter and telling us that they were doing all the possible, but at the end kept the same attitude.My advise to you: don't go to this hotel! Or if you go, watch your belongings, because if something happens, there will definitely be no one in this hotel, who will take your side and there will be no one there who would try to help you in that kind of situation. We, for our part, left this hotel, deeply disappointed and outraged and will definitely never go back.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	3	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>Dani_and_Paul
<Content>Another great stay at the GBP I went to this hotel for 2 weeks from August 13th til the 29th with my partner and his family (mum, dad, sister and brother in law) and overall the trip was fantastic. I wont put too much in this review as i have an earlier one from may which i explained thoroughly and nothing had changed- i just wanted to let everyone know this is still a fabulous resort, even with a larger group we all found it to be great- my partners mum has a wheat allergy and always found plenty of food.  Some of the staff we loved last time had left, but two were still there and seemed as happy to see us as we were to see them. It almost felt wrong to have them serve us instead of sitting with us having fun. All of the staff were great though and we cant wait to go back soon and see them again (it is nice to tip but they dont expect it they will treat you brilliantly either way).  Had a lot of fun in the casino, made a bit of money but we have never gambled before so it was all new and fun! (only $10 each visit though)  To anyone having doubts about this hotel you should not worry you wont be disappointed, it never fails to exceed my expectations, i would recommend this place to anyone.  Any questions feel freeAmazing place and a great time  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>natandjoey
<Content>Was So Nice! My new Husband and I went along with another couple to this resort! It was beautiful and the rooms were great! When we arrived we had a small but nice fruit basket with a bottle of rum, along with a towel spread with fresh flowers, two shirts and a letter welcoming us to the resort. Our room was very clean, always had clean towels, stocked mini bar. The beach was fantastic and so was the pool side. Every morning when we went to the buffet we were always greeted with an Ola, and the housekeepers, groundskeepers were always in a good mood. The waiters at the buffett were very nice and always remembered what we drank and our glasses were never empty! As for the hurricane, the only time it ever really rained was late at night, the shows were good, and the drinks were strong. The only thing I have to complain about was the last day we were there, we had to be checked out of our room by noon, but our plane didn't leave until 930 at night, so we had to find something to do for the hours we waited, and without a room, it was difficult to stay in the heat all day. The don't give you a complimentary room to use before you leave, they let you go to the bathroom and use the showers in there to get freshned up before you leave for home, they didn't tell you for an extra 10 bucks you can use a room. Even though that happened, it was still a memorable stayI would recommend this resort to anyone!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Chrissy81
<Content>Enjoyed it but not as much as expected ....       Lobby  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>embraertech
<Content>A True 5 Star, be prepared to eat, eat, eat! A huge resort! The train car goes every 5 minutes from one end to the other so don't let the size scare you. Long beach front, plenty of loungers and a great view. Beach is clean, pools are clean, in fact entire resort is spotless. The rooms are fantastic, big comfy beds, clean sheets and pillows. Plenty of towels etc.We brought enough gifts (soaps, creams, panty hose etc.) to give the to the maid each day so no tipping required. We only tipped at the formal dinners. It is not required to tip anywhere else though, but feel free. The staff are polite, as long as you show some them some respect. If you treat them like you own them, don't expect to be treated kindly. Knowing a little spanish goes along way. The only negative point we can make is the fish restaurant was a let down. No lobster, crab or scallops but if you like tuna then go for it! We highly recommend the Garden Grill ( I ordered steak, she had the shrimp, voila , surf and turf baby) Japanese and Italian. Be sure to go for sea food night at the main buffet, lobster and shrimp was great! We would go back, just not in Sept. Thanks for the 2 days of rain hurricane hanna!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ingrid P
<Content>Good but not great Just returned from a week at the Bavaro Club Diamond.All in all, it was fine - glad that we chose Diamond which gave us more dining options and access to the Italian Restaurant for Breakfast and Lunch as well as a separate pool.Check-in was on the bus - good idea saves time especially if you arrive late.Overall the service was fair only - language is not the problem it's attitude and lack of training.Summary:Restaurants: Burger Place - (After hours) - great burger and fries the night we arrived.Buffet - Fair - not much variety, food so-so, service - not great.French - Food was good , service terrible.Japanese - Service good - food good if you have never had Japanese before.Italian - a favourite - good food and serviceThe Grill - food and service not greatSeafood - did not try.Pool Snack Bar - once was enoughRooms - clean, well kept, spaciousGrounds - immaculate - even after Tropical Storm Hanna came though.Beach - fabulousPools Diamond Club - one quiet and one with activities - clean, well maintained.Have been to Punta Cana twice before and don't think I would return to this hotel. So far the Bavaro Princess was the best - but that was a couple of years ago.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	2	4	

<Author>mikedavid00
<Content>Warning - 95% of *guests* do not speak English       Isn't it all worth it?  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>acemiller1
<Content>The worst front desk service i've ever experienced I stayed at this hotel for about three nights in late November in 2007. The hotel had a beautiful beach and really nice beach facilities. In addition, the restaurant staff at the various restaurants were friendly and courteous. However, the front desk services was atrocious. My friend and I had made a reservation for a double bed room for four nights. When we checked in, we were given a room with a single queen bed. We then called the front desk to switch the room to one that we had a reservation for but they said that they were full that night and that we could make the switch the following day when rooms became available. Guess what, the next morning we got the same run around. We spoke to two people at the front desk and the assistant manager and they gave us the same story for the next two days. In addition to the room issue, the air conditioning unit in our room was broken. We had to call five times before a maintenance person showed up. Of course, they showed up when we were gone. Guess what - when we returned to the room, the air conditioner was still broken. We got the runaround from the front desk on this one as well. Our good friend Jerry at the front desk said he was going to help us out and call us back in five minutes. When we called back 15 minutes later because he hadn't called, we were told he went home for the day. This was by far the worst hotel experience i have ever had. It was a real shame because the beach and beach facilities were really nice. I will never stay here or at another Bahia Principe again.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	-1	3	

<Author>SailTan
<Content>Terrible staff and th eplace is very unorganized I travel South every winter, this was by far the worst vacation spot ever! The management was terrible, they lied to us, the cockroaches were MANY! The food was not good, the grounds were nice, looked clean but we seen 3 Large RATS! Very poor attitude, Tips were everything. You had to tip BIG for everything. They even asked for tips! If you were not a Big Tip person you did not receive attention, esp drinks. The rooms were not cleans unless you called ahead and asked for cleaning, very few towels in the washroom, no facecloths. They never replaced towels daily, you had to call and ask. There were insects in the rooms, we had to spray every night. The door keys kept dying, you had to get them recoded, thus wasting time in the front office, which always had Huge line ups.Drugs, if your looking to buy drugs they sell it on the property in the market. the workers in the flee market area outside the Casino will ask you if your looking to buy smoke....drugs. They have it there! They even asked my 17 year nephew if he wanted to but pot! Not a nice place to spend your vacation!I wrote the hotel management and head office about my concerns and the drugs, they offered me a 3 night stay! My entire 7 night stay was a mess, very unhappy with the staff and managment.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	1	1	

<Author>sdothbc
<Content>Absolutely Amazing!       The beach  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>prego19
<Content>If you think it will be a stress free wedding-guess again If you are planning on having your wedding at this hotel be fore warned. I heard good things about the hotel that is why I chose to have my wedding at this hotel. Little did I know that they were not equipped to manage group bookings. My guest were all over the place and some could not eat the same restaurants with me. The resort itself is nice but the wedding department is another story. DO NOT PAY FOR ANYTHING UNTILL THE CEREMONY AND RECEPTION ARE DONE. The wedding coordinator messed up my whole reception. I was embarassed infront of all my guests..which was quite a bit for a destination wedding. I made all the arragments in advance...hired translators...communicated with them on arrival and still they messed up. All I wanted was vegetarian dishes and no pork. How hard is that. But these were not given to me. Everything had meat and prok in it. My guests had to wait two hours before we were served my reception dinner. It is an all inclusive resort, I could have eat for free, but I paid to have a special menu for my reception. Then I had 1 hour to get through the cake, dance with my husband, throw my flowers, hear speeches and celebrate. Oh did I mention the failed sound system and they forgot to bring my wedding CD to play music. When I went to complain they lied and igorned me. I had to spend my last two days at the resort hunting down the wedding co-ordinator. what a way to spend my first days as a married couple. OH, and they do not send your marriage certificate in 3 months like they say. It takes longer and they do not call or e-mail you to inform you of this. I am still waiting for mine. So if you choose to go and get married, please take all this into consideration, and be fore warned.Good Luck  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>sgtpeppers
<Content>Wonderful Vacation in Punta Cana After reading all the mixed reviews, some petty in my opinion, some just blatantly unfair and not worth considering really. I would like to add my two cents worth (which is 1.5 cents US actually). I just got back from spending a week at the Bahia Principe Hotel in Punta Cana, with my family, (wife and kids 21, 19, and 16.) from August 16-24, 2008. Had a great time, what fault can you find by getting up every morning and spending a day on a beautiful beach with great weather.We left Toronto on Air Canada; flight was great, on time, smooth and the aircraft had the personal, on demand, entertainment console which really helps to pass the time.After we picked up our luggage at Punta Cana airport, we went to the exit, we were swarmed a bit by the porters, but we just firmly said 鈥渘o thanks鈥?and walked toward the hotel transfer buses. This is one part that was kind of confusing, we were told to get bus 22, by the Conquest Agent and we headed toward the bus area, but couldn鈥檛 find the bus, several bus drivers were helpful and directed us but they didn鈥檛 seem to know where the bus was either. I guess all the bus drivers are privately owned and are taking care of their own passengers. After going up and down the lines of buses three times, we found it in the end, and then they changed the bus, it is the Caribbean I suppose, but I think some kind of parking lot number or markers might help. It took about 45 minutes to get to the hotel, it was dark at the time and the roads are pretty bumpy with some major pot holes, first sign that you are not the land of plenty, unless you are going to the hotels. Hotel check in was pretty fast, the lobby is spectacular, we did read previous reviews regarding the safe charge, so we booked the safe at the same time, I read that someone claimed they had money stolen from their room, why take these kind of chances for three dollars a day, not really worth it, is it, crime is everywhere including where I live. The front desk also recommended that we book our ala cart restaurants at guest services the following morning, we had read in the reviews that it was good idea to do it early on, which we did, we got all the times and dates we asked for, it took about five minutes, then we went for breakfast, followed by a visit to the beach, well we were on vacation.We were driven to our room by the baggage guys, they took our cases up to the Rooms, We asked for adjoining rooms, we got it, the rooms were immaculate and spacious; the maids left the place spotless everyday with fresh towels, bottles of water etc. Our AC unit worked better than the kids room, we did get some difficulty with the keys losing their programming and not working, had to go to the desk three times over the vacation to get them reprogrammed.Language: I would say this is the first time in any of my travels where English was not as widely spoken, I found, a lot of the hotel clientele was from South America and Spain, but we did seem to get by with basic Spanish terms, at least we tried and they seemed to appreciate it. The grounds of the complex are beautifully kept and maintained, the resort is pretty big, but it has a tram service which is pretty straight forward and runs frequently every 5-10 minutes or so. The Beach was stunning and the ocean was so refreshing, the weather was hot the pools were massive, I did notice that as the day wore on the pools really warmed up and didn鈥檛 really in We ate at the buffet every morning, wide variety for breakfast service with fresh egg and omelet stations, pancakes, bacon, sausages, fresh fruit, fresh breads. We ate lunch at the buffet and the snack bar on the beach, buffet had better variety bur the snack bar was handy and the pizza was pretty good, weren鈥檛 too fond of the burgers in the Dominican thoughWe ate at the buffet for dinner on three nights and had our ala cart restaurants on the other nights. The buffet has a wide choice with themed nights, i.e. Dominican, Mexican and Oriental, my only complaint about the buffet dinners were that the meat wasn鈥檛 to my taste really and a lot of the dishes were a bit on the bland side for my taste. The ala cart we chose were the Japanese, French and the Steakhouse all of the restaurants were better than I was expecting and a nice change, considering it was included made it even better. Weather was absolutely glorious, seven days of sunshine, one night of rain (torrential) for half an hour that was it. Verdict: I would thoroughly recommend this resort; it certainly was great value for the money. I paid C$1,200.00 pp for this vacation, with flight, accommodation and meals for a week, pretty good I think, it鈥檚 not a five star Ritz Carlton type of hotel, but your not paying those five star prices either. Hope this helps.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>batfink25
<Content>Fabulous hotel I have just return back from staying 2 weeks at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana and when I say I have just came back I mean I have only been home a few hours, but I just had to leave a comment about this hotel as before I went on my hols I had looked on trip advisor at this hotel and like you are thinking, I was worried about this hotel because of the mixed reviews. All I can say is what do these people want????? Buckingham Palace to stay at? Unbelievable hotel, we were staying in the Amber part, where the rooms have four posterbeds, wide screen tv's and the pool area is adults only, however I must stress that gentlemen if you want to eat in the buffet area in Amber as well as the other restaurants then you need to bring trousers and if you have tattoo's they need to be covered, this was the only problem we had as my partner did not bring long trousers and has tattoos on his arms, but we would walk to Punta Cana buffet and it was lovely, freshly cooked pasta to your taste and standard in front of you and every night a different theme on the food. I do not have anything bad to say about this hotel, if you are gonna moan about the weather, get a life why are you going to the Caribbean??? if you are going to moan its not a five star and you live in USA or UK then remember you are not staying in a UK or USA standard hotel, Dominican Republic is a third world country!!! If you have booked to go here then trust me, you will have an amazing time, wish I was these still ; (  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Ronmarc1
<Content>Hot and Sick My family vacation of four was from 8/11/2008 to 8/18/2008. We had 2 junior suites. One room had a king size bed and the other room had two double beds. It was very hot and humid in Punta Cana. The A/C in the rooms didn鈥檛 do justice for the heat. It was just ok. We needed to ask for extra Towels every day. Getting in and out of the shower was a big step. I got sick with diarrhea from the food at the Mexican Restaurant. I went to the 24 hr medic that is on site. After many complaints they picked up the tab for the doctor bill. Making reservations for the 3 restaurants was not convenient times. The staff was friendly but very little English.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>Pasquale1313
<Content>Great Trip! First for those who say it is a 3 star. They are wrong, the only complaint i have for my whole trip was the other tourests that were there, alot were european, and very rude, not all of them but most when they knew that we didnt speak spanish right away they were rude. Besides that eveything was amazing. The food was good, anywhere you go tropical you cant go overboard with alot of exotic food that you are not used to or else you will be in the bathroom....Bahia's food was above normal for these resorts. The grounds are Lush and amazing, every where you look people are keeping them up. The lobby is great marble everywhere, very friendly staff, and the front desk is the only people you can count on to speak 100% english. All the other staff Try very hard to accomidate you. After a few days you will pick up general things, that will help you along the way. The beach and pools were awsome, allways could find a spot, it was quite busy when we were there but there was allways a spot either on the beach or pool area. The resort is quite big so if you dont like to walk, then dont complain, but there is a tram service that runs every 2 mins to and from the front to the back of the resort. All and all great vacation, for my first one to a tropical destination....Will deff recomend to others and will be back sometime.....Jeff at the front desk is a hoot....Also Jose at the front desk....great guy***** golden stars  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TravelingMom03
<Content>Give me a Break!!!! Just returned from a week at Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana. Before I left I read many reviews to see what I could learn about the resort and get some tips on traveling with a toddler. I was concerned when people either rated it 3 and under or a 5! The reviews were so mixed.Now that I鈥檝e returned I thought I would address some of the issues people had. For those reviewers who gave it a 3 and under you must be accustomed to dinning with the Queen. You possibly employ a full time chef and maid and therefore yes, the resort would be below your standards. Give me a break. May I suggest that next year you try and take your family to the South of France for $1,200.00 each!!!For those of us who are middle class, work fulltime, don鈥檛 have a chef to cook for us, don鈥檛 have a maid to clean up after us, don鈥檛 employ a chauffer to drive us around then this is definitely a 5+ hotel!Don鈥檛 get me wrong, I have my standards鈥nd they were met! The resort was wonderful! The food was good. The staff was helpful. The service was quick. And the accommodations were excellent! The room included nice touches like slippers, robes and an umbrella in case it rains. The maids would clean the room once during the day and in the evening while you were out for dinner they would exchange the wet towels and turn down the bed.For those of you who are traveling with a toddler for the first time let me give you some tips. * The resort does sell diapers in the lobby gift shop (while I was there they only had pampers small and large) but a previous poster mentioned that guest services was able to get some for her. The prices were obviously more expensive but sometimes you have to pay for the convenience of not having to lug everything with you. They also sold baby shampoo, body wash, cream, pacifiers, teething rings and a few toys.* One of the other things I traveled with was a float, but when it got a slow leak mid week I was able to find one is one of the shops for $10US. They had floats for infants, children and adults. They also sold water shoes, 鈥渃rocs鈥? beach bags, sarongs/wraps etc.I wish I had know this and I would have saved on space in my luggage and not have had to ask others traveling with me to use their space for my stuff!* bring lots of zip lock bags!!! Large, Medium and snack size. They came in handy. I would keep a large one always packed with diaper supplies, another with various snacks for the day. A few in my bag at all times for a sippy cup filled with juice, or a wet bathing suit. I also used the medium size to warm milk in the sink for her morning bottle. I bought milk at the lobby gift shop for $2 and kept it in the mini fridge. Poured the amount I needed into the zip lock bag and put it in a sink of hot water.* Bring a small amount of dish soap to wash bottles, sippy cups and spoons.* bring lots and lots of sunscreen. The sun is really hot and we had to apply 2-3 times throughout the day. We finished a spray pump bottle in 3 days! Its really expensive in the gift shops.* bring disposable change pads. Not every washroom had a change table and it was useful for changing diapers on the counter. * bring disposable diaper bags and disposable bibs. * Bring diaper rash cream and Vaseline. With the change in food my daughter got a really bad diaper rash.* Bring a few jars of baby food or a box of cereal. My daughter enjoyed to food, but it did come in handy sometimes at the beach if your not hungry and she is. They had a few for jars of pureed veggies and no name cans of powdered formula for sale at the lobby shop.* Don鈥檛 bother bringing sand toys 鈥?you can buy them there and save yourself the hassle!* The crib that they place in your room is a playpen. Do bring a few blankets to cover the bottom and cover the baby. * I purchased a few thinks to keep her occupied on the plan and found that stickers were great. A travel size Magna doodle was great (I noticed they also sold a few of these in the lobby gift shop, as well as a couple of barney dolls). The best item was a Travel size Mess Free Go Paint set by Elmer which I got at Toys R Us. I also purchased the finger paint option.* I brought my large Graco stroller and there were pros and cons to having it versus a folding umbrella stroller. The umbrella stroller would have been easier to collapse and carry on the 鈥渂us鈥? however in the evening our large stroller did come in handy when she could lie back and sleep while we continued to have drinks or stroll around. For our next trip I will try and find an umbrella stroller that reclines鈥ol!If anyone has further questions please feel free to email me.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JohnMiltonKeynes_UK
<Content>Wish I could have stayed longer We thoroughly enjoyed our holiday here. Beautiful, clean hotel; friendly helpful staff; excellent selection of local and international cuiusine; a wide range of cocktails; nice large pools with ample space at the pool bars and many sun beds; and a large sandy - if slightly busy - beach.The icing on the cake - if you can get it - is an upgrade enabling you to use the Diamond Club pool (quieter and cleaner than the pool next door) and also the Italian restaurant at lunchtime which is next to the Diamond pool (fantastic ambience and very good a la carte service). To summarise:HOTELVery well maintained with big, clean air-conditioned rooms. Mini bars contain soft drinks and beer. We left tips of $2US each day for the cleaner and $2US each day for the mini bar, and written notes with requests for more beer etc were always met. A trolley service takes you from ones side to the other but is actually quite walkable if you are reasonably fit. NB: Watch your step as there are some steep flights of stairs and the odd surprise step here and thereFOOD AND DRINKVery good range and quality. Cocktails were either fruity or creamy (latter at the pool bar - Pina Coladas, banana mamas, Coco locos, Cocolate Monkeys - were pre-mixed but usually still of high quality, but make sure they know you want alcohol with them, as the basic mixture is also available to kids). For the evening a la cartes some of the gourmet dishes might contain nuts so check with restaurant staff if you have any allergies. The Garden Grill is the best a la carte if you like ribs and steaks. NB: book up the evening a la cartes as soon a you can after you arrive.POOLS AND BEACHPools not too deep, but large enough to have a decent swim. Beach is pure sand. Sea is a bit choppy for some and gets deep very quickly but very good for swimmers. Lots of beds at all sites and ample room to move them for more / less shade.ENTERTAINMENT / NIGHT LIFEMore of a hotel for families but still a good range. Theatre show each night. Live music in the lobby bar (shuts at 11pm). House band in the main square (11-12); busy but very well air-conditioned karaoke in the Piano Bar; a disco and a privately-run casino both open till late.OPTIONAL EXCURSIONSWe did the Bavaro Runners trip - which took us up the mountains for lunch; showed us the sites; took us horse-riding; and to a beach. NB: Bring some sweets, clothing and pens/ crayons for the local children if you can. Excellent. Also recoomend the helicopter ride. They fly you over the hotel.OPTIONAL WATER ACTIVITIESA lot of people are booked at once so you might have to wait a while - take your sun cream with you. Also, the harnesses on the parasailing did not feel as secure as one might expect in the EU, so might not be for the faint-hearted.SHOPPINGNot much variation across the island to what is available on main square. Jewellery in Harrisons is VERY expensive. Otherwise there are some cheaper souveniers and ample opportunity to buy cigars and alcohol. Not many sweets though. NB: The market traders in the main square are enthusiastic salesmen but don't forget to haggle equally enthusiastically!Overall, we did not feel there was much to moan about, and any quibbles we had were soon rectified by the friendly and helpful staff (who have a very cheeky sense of humour and a love of life and music). I would thoroughy recommend this resort - and I wish I were still there now.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>asiancanadians
<Content>Great Service, Amazing exp. will come back Coming from Young Couple who like to have fun but still experienced travellers Flew with Sky Service - not so fun really cramped seats nothing much to talk about, just don't fly with this airline if you want to sleep without morning crampsBooked with signature vacations- call into the travel agent that way you can haggle the price and request certain ammenities definitly worth the call rather then paying the online priceArrival -fast! flew threw customs baggage claim was quick and checked in on the bus so when we got to the hotel went straight to roomsVacation-got upgraded to the Ambar resort definitly lucked out!! near beach much larger rooms separate shower and jaccuzi and room service plus way better a la carte options and buffet also better worth the price difference if you don't like hearing crying babies more of a couples resort as it is adults only-traveled with boyfriend plus four other couples they all stayed at the bavaro and us at the ambar so was able to really compare the differencesfor example Pool-bavaro's main pool near beach filthy at the end of the day and always full (meaning pee from kids and drunk patrons) while as our ambar's pool see through still at end of day and much quieterFood-just don't eat the salad and you'l be fine the vegetables are more or less steamed or boiled just the lettuce is washed in tap water which is undrinkable-generally good enough to fill you up Alcohol-tip your bartender's remember your waitresses names and you'll be taken care of no problem generally all drinks are over the top sweet but you can always ask for more alcohol like we did and ask for a drink to be made a certain way so you don't have to drink their ultra sweet drinksService-truthfully service was amazing at the bavaro and ambar it didn't matter, you don't have to tip for these hard workers to service you any better and they really seemed genuinely appreciative to recieve anything -all seemed to be in great moods especially if you made time to get their name which is on their name tags! and they always greet you with a smile and a hola they really remember you as long as your friendly - a friendly demeanor goes a long way i wouldn't want to service a snob anywaysBeach-amazing beautiful got lots of beach volleyball in and suntanningbring more then one bottle of sunscreen or you'll be paying 20 us dollars like i did for a small bottle -you don't need to wake up extra early to reserve chairs we went back and forth through out the day always found shade for our group of 10-moist evironment made skin silky smooth no need for make upTours-don't go on jurrasic boogies especially in the triopical storm fay like i did our 4 hrs tour became 8 hrs driving a standard dunebuggy with no ignition (got jump started) no seatbelt broken helmelt with pelting rain and winds at 70 m /hr not so fun, especially when your sitting soaking wet with the tour guides telling us well only be waiting 10 DOMINICAN mins (times by at least 7) and on the horses in the blinding rain isn't fun either especially when your saddle keeps sliding off cuz the poor horse was too skinny Carribean Festival-nurse sharks and sting rays-pretty cool kind of short -snokeling fun but short-if your an experienced snorkellor don't come to punta cana for coral very high near surface more than average dead and doesn't compare to mexico's -crew on board very entertaining and energeticTIPS-bring more than one bottle sun screen-haggle for everything that has a price on it -don't be afraid to walk away from what you think is a good dealthey will chase you down if its not their best price-say the person name that's serving you they will remember you-you do n't need to speak spanish lots of multi lingual individuals there although it wouln't hurt to learn a couple of words or the whole language-bring mosquito repellent if your as prone to bites as i ammy group everyone got only 1 or 2 i got like 20 not cool-ask for another a la carte we did and we got 5 doesn't hurt to try-remember your on vacation put on a smile and have fun -go to the spa refirming package for 130 us soooo worth it my boyfriend even loved it you get exfoliated covered in chocolate and a massage after -flight out sucks line up crazy long line up to get baggage checked in another line up to go through customs and another wait before you get on the plane-if you have some time to kill go wait in terminal two its air conditioned with less bugs soooo much cleaner too (PUNTA CANA AIRPORT)OVERALL-soooo fun great service, friendly people, drinking games, relaxing (alone time) and beautiful memories  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>PickyPeterToronto
<Content>Picky Peter says AMAZING! The Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro was fabulous! Just to clear any confusion you may have - the resort is large and divided into sections: Punta Cana, Premier, and Ambar (Adults Only). When reading reviews take a look at all sections including Gran Bahia Principe Premier, Gran Bahia Principe Ambar, etc. This will help you formulate a cohesive idea of the resort. My girlfriend and I stayed in the Ambar section but will comment on the resort as a whole or when otherwise stated. Food: Clean and huge variety! The resort caters to both Europeans and North Americans. Thus, you have many choices when it comes to style of cuisine. It impresses us how the staff was able to keep up with so many people throughout the day (at least 300+ at a time in the main buffets for all meals). The moment you left your table your plate was removed and glass filled with water. I have been reading some of the reviews and have been puzzled with their critique regarding food and service. Where do you know a place in our neck of the woods where food is of large quantity, inexpensive, service incredible, buffet, found on one of the most beautiful beaches in the world and which caters to thousands of people daily? We stayed at the Ambar and thus were able to eat lunch there. By staying in the Ambar section you are able to eat at all restaurants and snack bars across each section of the resort. We would say that the food at the Ambar was a little better than the main buffet. We found the Premier to be the worse buffet. Rooms: Rooms were clean and spacious. TV is mostly Spanish stations. There are three English stations. Beach: Beautiful! Water is not as clear as Cuba however just as warm. The water is a little wavy (1 foot waves) consistently. Sand is white. There are tall palm trees that cover parts of the beach. As long as you arrive at the beach by 9:30 you will find a nice cover except on Saturdays/Sundays when you should get there for 8:00. General Service: Was above average to great! Food service was excellent as previous stated. The front desk answered all questions. The bell boys were quick to respond. We only had an issue with the swim up bar at the Ambar pool. It seemed they served Spanish speaking people before us...Airport: Wow, more efficient than others. Punta Cana is small but gets your luggage out fast. When leaving it was a little hectic because the previous days flight was delayed due to a tropical storm that went through Dominican Republic. Thus, two flights to Toronto went out at the same time. Pools: Large and spacious. 3 large pools! Language: Mostly SpanishPeople at resort: Spanish speaking/EuropeanStaff: Friendly. Dominicans are very nice people. Tip: We tipped our maid and she appreciated this by providing extra towels, etc. We left tips for servers and bell boy. The service was great regardless of the tips. Other vacationers in the resort were not tipping. Very few tipped. Overall, amazing resort! Great value for the money! Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pricklyheat
<Content>Good hotel but needs improving       Monster Truck  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Qtravel68
<Content>BIG, BIG, BIG       Room view  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>RRivera
<Content>Beware---not for non spanish speaking PEOPLE The hotel premises are beautiful. Very large hotel that is supposed to be a five star but they do not even have irons in the room. We had several problems during our stay and unfortanetly this hotel lacks custumer service. They do not address issues at all. First, check in was fine until we walked to our room. Big no no. Take the trolley. When we got to our room we found one large king bed for my father , myself and my son. After going backt o the front desk we were told they were completely booked and we would be able to change our room the following day. Despite waiting two hours in the lobby for them to come back and tell us they were booked. Five minutes later we went to make reservations for the three restaurants and our options were extremely limited due to the hotel being full to capacity.They were not flexible with times or dates.While making the third reservation we were told our room had changed even though they had just sad they were sold out. So back to lobby. Room was large but full of mosquitoes .Despite having rom sprayed daily night was spent killing them. Travelled with a three year old and restaurant s re not eqipped to cater to their needs.Hotel does not have any room sevice and restaurants do not allow you to take food out. I hated begging people to give me something to wrap up food for my son that was sleeping in the stroller at dinner. In the buffet they do not have styrofoam trays to accomodate the needs of toddlers. Ad with no 24 hour snack bar this is not a family oriented hotel. Inthe restaurants they wrapped up a pizza one night and the other night they wrapped an entire kids meal. So why can they do it in the restaurants but not int he buffet. At the French restaurant I had the worse lobster ever.It was so bad but my dad loved his rack of lamb. Everything else was ok. Italian was fine except that the red snapper was overcooked and they serve the tiniest piece. Starters were really good at italian. Garden Grill was good. Meat was tasty. I had the filet and I ordered it medium which was served well. Overall not the best place for gourmet food. I hve had much better.I travel alot and have never written a review but am writing this one because so many things are lacking at this hotel. The hotel does not cater to English speaking guests.No one speaks English. NO ONE. This was very frustrating since I was was with my son. Many restaurants lacked ice during breakfast and lunch and I had a huge problem during meals. When you get up from your table they clear your food. Well I would go and get food with my son and then place the frsh plates onthe table. Next we would go get drinks. Well many times I returned to find my fresh plates of food gone. This was so annoying and one day my son yelled at a lady and said stop takling my food. They need some kind of stop/go sign on these tables. This was really bad at the Snack Bar by the beach because they are in such a rush to clear the tables.Room service was fine and they even did a ballon arrangement for my son on one day but never left three bath towels.Soda machine by thte pool never worked. Ramon was great--he really tried to make my son happy and was pretty good in attending to our needs. On Aug 12 we had a very unfortanate experience. The pool /towel guy who does aerobics (the skinny one I think Iskal or soemthing like that) is very loud and gets the crowd going. There was a large crowd from Spain by the bar and the worker kept cheering them on. They were cursing, degrading women and really getting out of hand. He kept giving them hi fives, gave them his microphone, the wigs and his orange whistle. He was allowing for their innapropriate behavior at the pool despite the fact that their were kids. During aerobics he too was fresh and his idea of fun was grabbing his privates and so forth so these guest went to mimic his actions but undid their swim suits and were pulling out their privates. My father told them to stop but this worker told them to keep on. When asked his name so we could report him he refused and covered his name tag. This kept on. An hour later another guest removed his full bottoms right alongside the pool and begain making inappropriate gestures, I immediately told workers to call security and despute security the nonsense continued. They were removed from the pool only to retunr two hours later. I nor my son or anyone there should have been subjected to that. The situation should have been handled after my father reported it the first time but this worker who was also drinking all day everyday kept this going. He encouraged it and to drink and carryon with them. When it happened the second time Ramon assisted in getting security but the hotel did not address this properly. That man should not have been allowed back at the pool.I am trying to contactt the owners of this resort for an immediate response to the issues but have been unsuccessful.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>ktina
<Content>Beautiful Beach! Spotless Room! Excellent A la Carte Restaurants!       bridge in the middle of the resort  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>FamilyFun10
<Content>Beautiful! We just returned from a weeks vacation and had a great time! We loved the set-up of the hotel - it had the feel of a village and the landscaping wha beatuiful. The beach was so clean and the bars and restaurants were great. The food was not the best but there was a great variety so there was no problem finding something for everyone. The lobby was spacious and beautiful, pools were very clean, rooms were large and comfortable. We have 3 boys: 21, 19 and 12 and they shared a room and my husband and I had our own room. It worked out perfectly and we felt that we were very safe and secure. There is something for all ages and interests and I would go back right now if I could!!!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nanciee
<Content>Lock up your belonging!! Horrible experience at Bahia Principe. Items and cash were stolen from our room and the hotel staff was absolutely no help whatsoever. We were blamed for not locking the items in the safe, and even accused about lying about the theft itself. I would not expect this kind of treatment at a 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	3	3	3	1	1	

<Author>LauzPT
<Content>Fantastic!       one of the Mexican dishes we had  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Geeman9
<Content>Brand New Resort       Ride from room to front desk  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	2	2	

<Author>PBHUS
<Content>Loved it!! I'm writing this review late, as I stayed there in April for a wedding!! I felt compelled to write a review because of all the negative ones, which I personally don't understand! I loved absolutely everything about it!!Flight was long and tiring but worth every minute of it!!! Finding our bus was easy, and the workers took our luggage for us. They do expect a tip though, so just be aware!!! On our bus the guys were very friendly and checked us in and explained about the resort quite thoroughly!! The resort is huge, but that is what I loved about it!! We arrived at night so basically we went to bed as soon as we arrived at our villa.We stayed at the Royal Golden and I loved it!! Our room was spacious, and very well cleaned!! The maid was very friendly and always stocked our fridge with extra beer, pop, and water. The room doesn't come with an iron, but I found room service to quite efficient and got one right away. Well air conditioned.People complained how big the resort is but I thought it was great! I enjoyed walking through the grounds and taking in the beauty of the grounds. They were very well kept, clean, and absolutley beautiful. Plenty of shade everywhere. There is a tram that can take you around the resort if you don't feel like walking so I fail to see the big issue. I personally didn't notice the exhaust fumes, but if there was any it was very little. Nothing to complain about.The beach was my favorite part. It was gorgeous, with white sand and blue water. They kept the beach spotless, and there was always plenty of places available to lay down. The Pool were very nice to, though not as refreshing as the ocean. Kept very clean, and we really enjoyed the swim up bar. Bartenders were very nice, and made delicious drinks.I reccomend going snorkeling during your stay. We went and enjoyed every minute of it. We got to swim with nurse sharks and sting rays, and then got served drinks on the boat. The staff were incredible!! Lot's of laughter and dancing with this crew. Food at the resort was mainly good. The main buffet was huge and always rather good. We ate at 4 a la carte's and we enjoyed most of them. The brazilian I didn't like at all. The meat was tough and tasted really smoky and service was a bit slower. The BBQ was not bad, meat still a little tough. I loved the Mexican, the staff were amazing and food was excellent. I also really enjoyed the french Paris, very good service and food. The snack bar by the pool was mediocre at best. Pasta always hard, and didn't care for burgers or hot dogs. Stuck to the fruit. There is also a burger place open at night if you out parting, which is pretty good.Night life was very good. We went to the theater 3 times and all three shows were excellent. I especially enjoyed the Micheal Jackson show. There is also a kareoke bar, and a band that plays every night there. There is a casino, drinks aren't free, and a disco club which I really liked going to. Shopping was very good here also. There is a market square located in the resort where I did most of my bardering. There is one further up the beach but I never got the chance to go see it. We also went into town to a canadian owned store to buy souvineres, but it was a bit pricey. Quite interesting to see though.The wedding itself was breathtaking!! Again the staff were awesome,and the reception was very nice.Overall I thought the resort was excellent, and would definitely reccomend it to anybody.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>SandyL54
<Content>One of the worst vacations I have ever been on. I just got back from this so-called 5 star resort. I have never in my life been so disappointed in a hotel and resort. We booked through BP Travel USA and they absolutely did nothing to help us. There was a young lady in Guest Relations that helped more than anyone. We were not told that we had to make reservations for restaurants and that it had to be done by 3:00 p.m. We finally figured this out a couple of days before we left. The all-inclusive does not mean that you can eat at any buffet. There were only certain ones. There was one that was 100 feet from our door that we could not use. The property is huge. The waiters and staff in the restaurants were good and the housekeeping service was good. The property is beautiful and the pools are nice. I would never recommend this resort to anyone, not even my worst enemy.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	4	1	1	1	

<Author>Blue_Team
<Content>Great Family Vacation on the Punta Cana Side with added Club Golden I booked a trip for the four of us to the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana. The Gran Bahia Principe complex where we stayed is home to the Bavaro, Punta Cana, Premier, and Ambar resorts. With the Club Golden we had 鈥渁ccess鈥?to both the Punta Cana and the Bavaro areas of the complex. (They are mirrors of on another). The Club Golden does come with some extra amenities so you need to determine for yourself if it worth it. Special check in and dinner reservation is included that alone to me was worth the price I paid. For us it worked out along with the other things we did (as you will read below).The trip was through Funjets / VIP travel which made the trip, especially once on property where our representative Amy was extremely helpful in setting up excursions for the family and providing me with a quick an informative introduction to the property.So that I can get this posted before next years vacations I am going to make it more of bullets to help your stay be the most enjoyable.Bring extra cash and tip 鈥?we over tip 鈥?and as long as you鈥檙e discrete, you will be quite pleased that most of the staff will recognize you and go out of their way for YOU.Also, we brought school supplies for the housekeeping staff for our room. Kids in the DR have free school but parents have to pay for supplies. It鈥檚 a little extra weight to haul the notebooks and stuff but I will tell you we hade no problem with the supplies and general keeping of our room. Also keep in mind the evening staff is different from the daily staff 鈥?they change out the towels 鈥?tip them too 鈥?ditto for the mini-bar (we had extras stacked on top to replenish ourselves.Tip the cooks behind the omelet and crape bars 鈥?it鈥檚 hot back there behind the grille.Invest in Bubba Kegs and take them with you 鈥?you can get them @ Wal-Mart or Target 鈥?if I could have had a case of them shipped to me at the resort I could have made quite a profit. Benefit will be in the fact you won鈥檛 be running back to the pool bar for drinks (a lot) and the ice won鈥檛 melt before the drink is gone or you get back into the water.Using VIP for excursions we had the opportunity to have Miguel as our tour rep for a excursion to Soana Island and a second excursion with Bavaro Runners which took us to a Cattle farm and a plantation owned by local families. Both were long days but experiences that the family will never forget. Miguel is an excellent host for his country and has made it tempting to return to DR to stay real soon just to have him as a guide on more excursions.Quick list of bests:Restaurant: Garden GrilleHousekeeping staff member: Idania 鈥?Building 22Bartender: Only female barkeep in the Bavaro side 鈥?sorry for not knowing her name. She uses tequila for medicinal purposes while at work 鈥?cleans the sinuses she claims. See her for your ailments if you know what I mean.Best Palapa at the pool: Located by the hot tub of the main pool, when you stand getting ready to get into the tub and turn around to face the beach it is just off to the right.Overall my family had a great vacation but with any vacation or activity you have to contribute to your own success!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rubio25
<Content>not even a 3 star hotel where is the lobster????There is not hot water after midnight ,wait for next day...Ask first if they are including room service in your package,do not assume you have it.Bring your own MP3 Player.There is not very much to enjoy during the nights.A/C problems in many rooms.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>BrunoDias
<Content>Paradise! Thanks Bahia Principe Hello, i sadly returned today to Portugal from bahia principe bavaro.... and really i can't understand the bad reviews!!!! I stayed for 9 days on paradise!Everything is wonderfull, i really mean everything, maybe some turists that think they are smarter than the others and think they are superior to the dominican people (who are simply a great people)... maybe that why are a few bad reviews!Make this quick!Service - great, they never try to cheat u! Fast and nice!Staff - Briliant always smiling, Portuguese people always eard Portugal Bacalau com Batatas the very best!!!!Pool - Always warm and cleanFood - no word! a get more 5 kgA la carte food - excelent experience, if you dont like the food, you can always go to buffet Buganbilia and eat moreBeach - Quiet and very clean... good naps!Excursions - I recomend saona and bavaro runners!I dont remenber anything more!! Everithing excellent... Don't read the bad reviews! I see many turists treating bad the dominican peolple there... offcourse if you treat bad someone you shouldn't expect the best treatment too!!!!!!!!!They love the Portuguese and Spanish people!!!!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wVIPw
<Content>GOOD and BAD Stayed on: 7/13/08 - 7/26/08Family age: 47, 44, 37, 36, 23, 18, 15, 13, 12, 10, 4.p.s. I originally booked DREAMS Resort Punta Cana but after reading all of the reviews and people getting sick and problems with crappy rooms I called my travel agent and changed it to Bahia. GOOD CHOICE.BAD1. Very Big Plain Resort2. Food just OK. Same but in different souse every day.3. Pool/Beach Bra closed at 5pm4. Trolley gives out fumes/pollution.5. Pool very HOT at 97F6. Pool restaurant for lunch only: pasta, hot dogs  burgers.7. If your far from beach you need to take a trolley.8. Restaurant service VERY SLOW w/soda/coffee/re-fills.9. No attention/activities for ages 10-1610. Entertainment just OK11. Beach swimming area Very Small. next to all the boats.GOOD1. Very Clean Resort2. Maids do a great job (did tip tho every day)3. Any problems fixed ASAP.4. Rooms much Bigger then standard.5. No problem finding a chair at Pool or beach at any time.6. No huge lines at bars.7. Chek In/Out Very Quick.email LAURA to get your room request.She got us very close to the beach.ventas2_bpc/puntacana/bahia_principe@soltour.esI always stayed in much smaller resorts with much tropical surroundings. exp: Iberostar La Hacienda La Romana or Iberostar Tucan.This resort is OK but I like them much smaller. ENJOY.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	3	4	

<Author>bubbles1980
<Content>Good vacation.... My review is late by ha lol. We enjoyed our vacation, but we have stayed at several Gran Bahia hotels befor and found it allitle blaw as we knew what to expect.Flight was long, and there was not much direction as to how to get to the bus.Food was great.Room was excellent, we requested to be close to the beach so we were abit far away from everything else.Service was excellent. Only neg was no one served drinks at the pool.Our friends book at the priemer and had a private pool and resturant. We did not so I would book priemer next time.Beach - We enjoyed it but we like diving and this is not a good beach for this.We went to a shop ran by someone from Montreal, it is free to go.. not a good place to get presents very costly, but nice.The tents at the end of the beach has nice gifts at good prices.We gave the guys at the water taxies pop and water and they gave us free rides......just a tip...Don't go on Jrassic Buggie tour, take the other one, it was a great tour but you will never get your video u pay for...... several people had the same problem......Bar/Disco way to many people at a small space, drinks are free but good luck with this.....Overall this was a great place to stay but we found it to be expensive for gifts ect. I like to buy friends and family gifts and at 20 us dollars a mug, 25 for a t shirt it adds up.Overall I enjoyed it but would not return.have a great trip.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>brownskinkimmy
<Content>July 20-27/08 Not The Best Experience! Where do I begin.... I went on a girls vacation with my sister and our friend to relax and unwind. The ride from the airport was fine but finding the bus was rather confusing. I have never had to wait in line to find out what bus is taking me to the resort. A representative is always waiting with a huge sign to direct people, however this was not the case in Punta Cana. We checked into our hotel on the bus which I found very convenient. Everything was ready (wristbands, room keyes and towel cards) so you just had to off load from the bus and go straight to your room. We were unaware however that there was a Punta Cana side and a Bavaro side (no one explained that to us) as we were walking around in circles the first night looking for the main restaurant just to be told to go around the corner. Everyday we had to go to the front desk to have the three keyes reprogrammed as they would deactivate for some reason. We were told that if the key is next to anything electronic such as a camera or cell phone that the key would deactivate. Needless to say this was very annoying and a very uncomfortable experience.The service for the most part was NOT acceptable. The resort is beautiful but some of the workers were not friendly and at times very rude. We found that the Europeans were favoured and everyone else who paid their hard working money to come to the resort were pretty much ignored. We went to watch the House Band a couple of nights and found one of the waiters to be very rude. He didn't want to serve us and walked by us several times without asking us if we wanted something to drink. Apparently we looked to be Dominican and although we do not speak Spanish and the fact that we were wearing our yellow bands didn't seem to matter much.The food was good. There was variety however the menu could have used a shake up on a couple of nights. I did have the runs for a full day while down there. My sister had the runs on our last day on the resort. Thank God for pepto bismal and graval.Didn't like the fact that we had to check out of our room by 12pm and then had to hang out in the unbearably hot lobby for five hours. There were no hospitality suites in this five star hotel!Our housekeeper Isabel was very friendly, kept our room clean and smiled all the time! Eddy Perez our conquest tour operator from Hotelbeds was amazing and made us feel welcomed! He was very friendly, knowledgeable and easy to talk to as he did speak and understood English! I would not come back to this hotel because this is not a five star by any means. There needs to be more English speaking people on staff and I think that the staff need to be trained on what it means and takes to give excellant customer service.KWToronto  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>more-mornari
<Content>Think Twice       the boat  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bingado
<Content>Are we all talking about the same place? We recently got back from our stay at the Gran Bahia (July 2-16), and I felt compelled to write a review. I am so surprised to see so many negative reviews from others who stayed at the same time. While I have some suggestions for the hotel, I would definately have to say that our stay was wonderful. If you have booked your trip and are reading these negative reviews, don't worry. If you are ready to have a good time you will. We spoke to several people over our stay and everyone was generally pleased. Please forgive the long review, but I want to be as objective and thorough as possible.Reception desk:We arrived at the hotel around 2:30 and were taken to our room right away. There is a fee for the safe... if you are planning to do this, do it when you arrive., the desk is often tied up with people coming back to activate the safe, and it can be a real hassle to wait on line. Our room:The room was clean, beautiful, spacious and comfortable. The fridge was not consistently cold, but if you stuck a bevarage in ice for a few minutes it would be ready to drink. Mini bar has beer, soda and water. This was stocked everyday and often a few extra beers were thrown in because we had asked for a couple extra the first night. There was also a coffee maker in the room. The service to the room was great. On one occasion we didn't have towels and they brought them over right away. They also provided us with a iron and ironing board immediately upon our request. We didn't have anything taken out of our room. Hotel grounds:The grounds are large and immpecable. Everything was clean and well groomed. They are big, but I found this to be a plus. If you want a small hotel this is not the place for you. They do provide a tram service which runs from the lobby to the beach. The trams run frequently, but we generally walked. Security was all along the path in the evening and we always felt very safe. Be sure to note where your villa is. We became a little disoriented the first night and all the villas look the same.Beach:The beach was clean. There were a ton of chairs and palapas, so we never had difficulty finding a spot. The water was refreshing and there is a shipwreck directly in front of the hotel. Towels were readily available with the card exchange system. We were alwasy able to get a clean dry towel.Pools:The pools were large and they all have swim up bars. The bartenders were extremely friendly, and yes they might call you friend, but I only see this as a positive. They were always friendly and pleasant. The service was excellent and we never waited very long for drinks. Entertainment staff by the pool was excellent as well. Activities were offered, but not forced on anyone. The water aerobics were fun. They must have been effective too because I didn't gain any weight..... which brings me to..Food:The buffet was probably on of the best I've seen at an all inclusive. They did vary the menu daily and there was always something to eat. They were constantly restocking everything. As far as the a la carte we enjoyed.. The Garden Grill (Steakouse), the japanese, the gourmet and the Dominican. The seafood was not our favorite. The snack bar by the beach was convenient, but the variety was much better in the main buffet, so we mostly ate there. Mini-Club:We traveled with my 8 year old and she used the mini-club while we were there several times. They seemed to have plenty for the kids to do and she enjoyed it, but the hours were 9-12:30 and 2:20-4:45, so sometimes it required more effort to coordinate the times. There were also a few days when the hours were shortened and they opened later. They leave the club for activities too, so they might not be at the location when you drop off if it's in the middle of a session. They had a mini-disco every night and on most nights a game. They game was also called off on a few nights when the mc was unavailable. This was not a sign-in service and we would hang out to watch it. They also had a lion king show where the kids are able to participate, which was pretty cool.Staff:They were extremely friendly and were always having a good time. I don't know if they are this way with everyone, but if you are friendly to them they are twice as nice back. We encountered plenty of rude people during our stay. Maybe they are the ones getiing the poor service, but we never had any issues.Entertainment:Shows at night were held at 9:45. We enjoyed the circus and Lion King, but didn't go every night, because we were ready for bed.minor suggestions for the hotel:1. Include the safe in the rate, so people don't feel nickel and dimed. I'd have rather paid the extra up-front. Also it creates congestion at the reception desk.2. Put shower curtains in the bathrooms. We found it difficult to shower without flooding the bathroom3. Post or distribute an activity schedule, so people will know what activities are offered and when.4. Make sure the activities are consistent or note publicly when they will vary. It's frustrating to go all the way to the mini-club to find out that it is closed for an extra hour at lunch time. Also hire people to fill in when the regulars are out, so the activities can continue in their absence. i.e mini disco game.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>Nimasoan
<Content>Excellent ***** +++++ Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana Was there from June 21st until June 28th. Regret not to have stayed two full weeks. Incredible hotel room, food, drinks, beach, pool, shows, personnel, waiters, bar and restaurant service. Magnificient weather, of course. Perfect for families.Just don't forget taking your Malaria Pills before trip for a total of six weeks, as well as the recommended shots........and your Best Mosquito Repellent !Have a Great Vacation !  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>srenzi
<Content>Definitely not a 5 star hotel We have travelled quite a few times to the Caribbean but this was our first time to Punta Cana. We travelled with a fairy large group - 28 people from June 24 - July 1. Ages ranged from 1 to 60 including teenagers. I agree with the other reviewers when they say that there are a lot of children at this resort. This was good for me as I was travelling with my two young sons so I apologize in advance if it was my stroller you tripped over. We flew on Sunwing. The flight was good, getting our luggage at the airport went smoothly but we had to walk across the parking lot to our bus with all of our luggage, a bit of a pain but not really a big deal. For some reason, and I have never seen this before, we did not check in at the hotel but rather on the bus. We had to fill out all kinds of paperwork while the bus was driving over some really bumpy roads, not the easiest thing to do. This meant that once we arrived at the hotel, we went straight to our room. The thing is, we noticed that our room was nowhere near anyone else's room. We did book our trip separately from the rest of the group so we thought it would be easy to switch room, quess again. When we asked the rude person at the front desk if we could be moved closer to my family, he flat out said no. He said that we requested an oceanview room (which does not exist) and that our room was considered an upgrade. We did not ask for an oceanview room and we did not require the upgrade. They would not fulfill our request. They flat out said no, they were filled to capacity. The room was very spacious. When we got there, the cleaning staff had just started cleaning our room. We asked her for four bath towels everyday and 4 bottles of water. We gave her $10. She thanked us for the money but we never saw four towels. Each day we received a different amounts, different sized and forget about the water. Since my youngest son is only 1, we used the bottled water to make his bottles of milk and clean his bottles and sippy cups. I can't believe how many times we had to call and ask for water. On one occasion they even brought us an open bottle. Unbelievable. Our room was clean but for some reason, the maid stopped putting the comforter on our bed. I guess she thought that it was too hot to use, whatever.The beach was alright. I still think Cuba has nicer beaches. Maybe not as much shade but definitely nicer beaches. We really enjoyed the pool and pool entertainment. On one of the days, my older son got treated to a show with Mickey Mouse and Elmo. I felt sorry for the guys in the costumes because it was definitely hot.There have been lots of comments about the food. There definitely was a good variety but after 3 days, I developed the runs. I had to take antibiotics when I returned home. The only thing I can think made me sick was the salad. Out of the 28 people that I travelled with, I got it the worst. One person from our flight had to be hospitalzed because of the food.Ok, the worst part of the trip. The service. I understand that we were a large group, but we never asked to be seated together. You should have seen the look on the person standing at the lobby buffet whenever we showed up. It was like she had to go and construct the tables and chairs herself. Since I did have a baby, I would ask for a high chair. I know they had them but good luck getting one in under 30 minutes. I usually sat holding my son for most of the dinner. It took forever to get a drink and the A/C was never on. We would joke and say that they purposefully would not turn it on so you woudn't stay long.All in all, the resort was very beautiful. The entertainment was good (night and day), although the night entertainment was held in an outside theater that was unbelievably hot. The food was not so good and the service was terrible. Definitely not the 5 star I expected.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>TheNewtonian
<Content>A year ago and our girls still asking to go back!       the ride to beach  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>swisstigr
<Content>No way Jose! Well... better I start with the good stuff!The hotel is set in beautiful well kept grounds, the gardening staff headcount must be enormous, since its truely well kept.The room (after tipping the check in clerk $20) was set in the middle of the resort, and for us a family of 2 adults and a 6yr old, was perfectly placed to access the beach area and main area with a 5 min walk to either, or bus ride. It was well maintained, large, clean and kept clean since we tipped the maid $3 per day, so had no problems here at all (comparedto some other reviews). In fact the maids were very smiley.(bear in mind we heard from a former worker who now sells goods on the beach that average pay is $150 per month, so I guess we greatly subsidised her monthly income, and she looked genuinely sad when we left).This is where the good stuff ends!The staff. ALL rude, spanish speaking and unfreindly. Im not snobbish, but dont expect to be called 'my friend by someone pouring water into my glass, nor does my wife like being shouted at by waiters with a 'HEY.... nor do we appreciate them saying where are you from, you are pretty... nor do we like being told to wait for a table, when the main restaurant is only 1/4 full, nor do we like having plates snatched away as soon as you rest the fork on it... service generally was poor.Drinks...well...if you like ultra sweet drinks then this all inclusive resort is for you... I mean sweet... like full sugar fruit concentrate mixed with ice... the best cocktails were at the lobby bar, forget drinking at the beach or pool bar unless you want to gain 10 kilos over 2 weeks, not to mention visit the dentist for tooth rot on your return. Asking for special more sour cocktails only got wierd looks from the barman... and when we managed to get him to make one, I wasnt suprised to see other people start asking for it, so they cunningly ran out of the main ingredients quickly to stop this revolution on the drinks. In the restaurant dont expect to get more than one or two at most glasses of wine per meal... if youre lucky. Service is purposely slow. in the main square where entertainment after 930pm is... dont expect to get more than one cocktail...so if youre looking to go out and get sloshed... it wont happen unless one drink will send you over the edge. Sadly it takes more than that to get me dizzy...so I felt almost as if I spent the holiday on the wagon.Pools... ok theyre big... but bear in mind that they all have pool bars (bars where you sit in the water at the bar)... and people stay at them all day drinking... I have to say I saw few getting out to go to the loo, and it was the impression of many that it was normal to pee in the pool. In fact I saw one latin child standing at the side of the pool, peeing directly into it... no one thought to stop him, and certainly no parent admonished him.twice during our two weeks the main pool was closed due to someone taking a dump in the pool.Beach. clean and tidy generally... but you have to be up and reserving your chosen sunbeds by 0730...or youre going to be left either miles away, or in permanent shade or permanent full sunshine. The last two days we saw oil slicks floating on the sea as the multitude of motor boats dripped oil.... not nice at all. (proper oil slicks , black ones, not smatterings of sun lotion!)Food... unadventurous, repetative, often off, or rotting, meat chewy and either under cooked or over cooked. Salad often sitting for hours... butter curdled... fruit soft... drinks over sweet water based concentrate mix... we saw several people with food poisoning, luckily my stomach is strong, even though i did have the runs' on the last few days. The other guests were mostly Spanish or Hispanic, and a real mix... clearly the European contingent paid a bit more to get there, and the central American paid less, and it showed in the style and behaviour of the guests... personally I felt a bit uncomfortable sitting next to hollywood stereotypical street gangstas at dinner... tatoos from head to foot, baseball hats, baggy pants, and diamond and gold bling bling jewelry... the only thing they lacked were guns!Trips...the one worth doing was the high sea fishing run by gone fishing... $92 per person for 4 hours...we hooked two marlins and landed a third... enormous.Would I go back? No way Jose!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Chrysanthemum1
<Content>WARNING! Watch what you eat! If you're looking for a 5 star hotel according to Dominican standards this is it BUT it's not the Four Seasons. If you're American, it is not a 5 star according to American standards, but it is very nice. I would have rated this resort excellent HOWEVER...I'm writing this review 4 days after our stay. In my traveling group were myself, my brother and my 15 year old child. For the past 2 days both of them have had to be treated for amoebas that they contracted through the resort food. BE CAREFUL in your choice of what you eat! The food is good and the restaurants look very clean, however our doctor is positive that raw vegetables are what caused my family to have amoebas. I was the only one who chose not to eat any raw vegetables and I'm fine. Unless you want to start taking some serious medications and experience horrible diarhea and vomitting DO NOT eat the raw vegetables. Although you're on vacation keep in mind that this is still the Dominican Republic. The health  cleanliness requirements are not the same standards as in the States.The hotel room was excellent  facilities great. Staff works hard. The beach is excellent and we loved our trip. It was the after effects that we hated.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>johnnyfitness
<Content>Just got back and boy are my lungs tired!!!! WELL...IF YOU ARE A CHAIN SMOKER AND RUN A DAY CARE OUT OF YOUR HOUSE THEN YOU WILL PROBABLY LOVE THIS HOTEL.Otherwise, if you are from North America and looking for a relaxing beach get away to have wonderful meals and conversation with your spouse over cocktails in a quiet setting...LOOK ELSEWHERE!!!!The list of frustrations is quite long and my girlfriend and I have travelled extensively in the Carribean including 3 times to Punta Cana and have never encountered anything as bad as the time spent at the Bahia Principe Bavaro. The telephone did not work and was not fixed for 3 days after we had reported it. The staff was so unfriendly to the point of having miserable faces as if they were being held there against their will. The vibe was negative all over the complex. The staff was only Spanish speaking and seemed to be constantly bitching about something all the time , in the restauraunt, the stores the waitresses, it was noticeable and quite disturbing. There was no air conditioning in the large buffet restaurant which is unheard of in Punta Cana. The food was good but not very much variety and much was not very appetizing. The buffet was a nightmare of noise and you trying to avoid running kids and strollers all over the place. This is NOT FOR COUPLES!!!! I have never seen so many kids in one place in my life except for a grade school. Eating was more a necessity that you went in, ate as fast as possible and got out to avoid the kids screaming and the parents yelling at them or arguing. The staff.....well to put it mildly ...these are not quality people. The place is huge so there is the need for quantity ...but you lose on quality. The staff do not speak English or French and assume that you speak Spanish because my estimation is that 90% of guests are from Spanish speaking countries. Not sure why that is but if you are like my girlfriend and I, personal trainers who are used to North American standards of healthy environments, there is no where to escape the massive amounts of chain smoking going on in this place. It is absolutely rediculous. Where ever these people are from, they must be getting paid by the number of cigarettes they smoke. It was disgusting and when there is no breeze and it is 40 C and you are in the only evening bar in the place, there is no where to go to escape the cigarette smoke. What 5 star resort charges each room 32$ US for the safe!!!???? we have never seen this before in our lives. We were robbed 50$ US out of our room. We called for room clean up as it was 4h00 PM and the room wasn't done. The maid arrived swearing and yelling in Spanish, kicked the luggage , gave my girlfriend evil stares, we stayed in the room as the security told us to never leave the room as we had been robbed, she proceeded to slam the door which prompted my girlfriend to say something and they verbally abused her forcing me to step in and forcefully tell them to back off. THIS IS NOT A VACATION. They force you to check out at 12 noon and pick up for airport transport is at 5h00PM. They provide no hospitality room for guests and ask you to leave you luggage in a room of about 100 bags and to shower in the lobby bathroom!!???? Maybe at the YMCA but not a so called 5 star resort. The SIGNATURE vacation rep Julie was not helpful nor empathetic to our situation or the theft in our room only constantly repeating to us that we are alone in our complaints as all she ever hears from people is how great this place is. Speaking to the Signature rep was a complete waste of time.Anyone venturing to the Dominican Republic should avoid this Hotel if at all possible. For us, this was our last time travelling to the Domincan Republic. There are far more places deserving of our hard earned money and who will undoubtedly welcome us with at least a smile which is something I did not see from anyone associated with the Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro. Over all a very negative and disappointing experience. If it is a 5 star Hotel, it mus be based on a 20 star grading system.JohnMontreal, Quebec  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eeveemontreal
<Content>Stay Away! As a single mother of two teenagers, I decided to treat the family to a family vacation. I have travelled previously with my late husband to many destinations and know when a hotel deserves to be considered a 5 star hotel. Everything went smooth with the flight and the check-in. If you love huge resorts than this is the one for you. The resort has a trolley which runs from 7am to 3 am. Personnally I would have liked a smaller, more intimate resort. If you were at either end of the trolley's route than you should consider yourself lucky since it fills up quickly and anyone at other stops in between will have to wait to get a seat. I must say they come quickly. The staff are not friendly. Actually they act as if you are disturbiing them. Not to many smiling faces. I found this a bit unpleasant as it creates a very ackward bad ambiance. What I found very agitating is the fact that the staff didn't speak any English, which makes it hard to ask for things. Only some knew basic words of English.I knew the resort was family oriented but didn't know up to what point. There were babies everywhere. I couldn't move without stumbling on a carriage. The crying and tantrums were very agitating considering I was looking to unwind. So for those of you who are looking for peace and quiet....stay away! The food was edible and there was variety. What I didn't like was that the main dining area was too dark and extremely hot since there was no air condition. As you enter, there is a woman who looks as if she would rather be having her teeth pulled than to take you to your table. When she does show you to the table you are guaranteed the tour of the dining area before she seats you in a dark corner. I always wondered what determined my seating area since I was early and the place was empty. The one time I asked to be seated in a more open area she got upset. I was surprised one morning to find that the hotel ran out of jam and when I asked if there was any they had 5 men running around not knowing what I wanted. Needless to say I finally was told by someone that they ran out and to make do with other stuff. This is not a 5 star resort!!!!!The first couple of days of my stay I got good room service. After that it was all downhill. I had to call to get my room cleaned. One of the days I called I got this big knock on the door. I opened the door to get greeted by this very furious woman who shouted at me  Servicio? She then went on to ask if I spoke spanish which I replied No abla espangnol. She stormed in the room ( I am not exagerating) tossed the bed forward to rip the sheets off the bed. Threw them violently on the floor and proceeded to kick my luggage since I imagine must have been in her way and all the while giving me looks that would kill. She then continued in the bathroom as I got on the balcony so not to get in her way. I saw her several times going in and out and I am sure she was swearing in spanish to her coworker who was doing my sons room. At one point she enters the room with a mop and starts going at it like a mad woman, hitting anything in her way instead of lifting or tossing things aside. As she finished by going towards the door she glanced over and slammed the door. At that point I lost it and ran to the door and told her to calm herself. She just stood there with 3 other women laughing and speaking spanish.I am saving the best for last!!!!!!! When I arrived at the hotel, as everyone does, I started putting my combination into the vault. After several tries I informed the front desk that it didnt work only to be told that I had to pay 36.00$ US per week for the safe. I was shocked that a 5 star hotel didnt include it with the package. Since I never before had to pay for it I refused to do so and reasoned that the staff wouldnt take anything since if they did they would lose their jobs. WRONG! They stole 50.00$ from my wallet thinking I wouldnt notice. When I saw that I immediately asked my sons friend, who came along with us to check his wallet. He too was missing money, 20.00$. I reported it to the guest services only to have a night manager come to the room to investigate the area , jot down some notes and tell me that it took 48 hrs before they get back to me. No one ever came back to me!As I was supposedly at a 5 star hotel, I inquired 2 days before if I can get a hospitality room for the day of departure since I had to check out for noon and I was only leaving the compound at 5PM, They told me that their hotel doesnt provide that service?????  I have been to many 4 and 5 star hotels and would definitely not consider this one among them. I am disappointed that I had to pay good money to take my 2 teenage sons on vacation as a single parent. I dont want to sound mushy but this was a way to reconnect with my boys after their dad passed away in 2005 and instead ended up constantly agitated and sad that it was the worst week EVER! The thing that gets me is that I cannot afford to go on another family vacation to make up for the one that past.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>muziklv
<Content>not really a 5 star experience Pluses - look of the resort, pool areas. The rest is very questionable. Service is very bad, even rude at times (restaurant La Gourmet was the worst experience in all categories - never go there). Our check-in lasted almost 2 hours, full of mistakes and strange talks. Exhausting! It is true - rooms are musty and our clothes smelled bad even after few washes. Room service was weird - they never got how many towels should be left in the room for 3 people. Sometimes we would have 1, sometimes none, sometimes only bath and none hand, but never all. Even worse - towels were sometimes old, dirty, torn! It was an everyday chase after cleaning person. If you need something (any kind of service) be patient! '5 minutas' means an hour or two. In the restaurants service was almost non - existent. They wouldn't bring drinks, they would grab your plate before you had a chance to eat, there were no tea or coffee during lunch and dinner. At the bar we noticed some interesting rule - they ignore women and respond much faster to men. And don't even attempt to use their tennis courts -they look 20 years old and very slippery, not to mention cracks and holes. Gym is small but has most of what you might need. Spa is OK but message was mediocre and the whole lay-out is not very relaxing. My friend and I booked separate treatments in advance but then to our surprise discovered that they put us in one room because they didn't have empty ones! After I refused to share and waited for 10 min. the second room was found but they didn't act happy and the treatment was cut short. Honestly, that was not at all what I expected from a 5 star place (and I travel a lot). Food was better in quality and selection in a lobby restaurant only. People who ate meat complained it was hard to chew. Fish I ate was good only on a few occasions. But that could be forgiven if the service was at least somewhat present. Overall impression was that they really were not happy to see us there, didn't bother to make things more pleasant and sometimes just ignored English. Will never go back and advised my friends against going there too. We had 9 people in our group and all had similar feelings.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>jrodriguez07
<Content>Second Time Around...STILL AMAZING!!!       our room  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Jalyma
<Content>Wonderful Resort After reading the previous two reviews, I felt compelled to write my own review of the Bahia. I stayed at the Bahia from July 6th to July 13th in the Diamond section.Check In: We arrived in the early afternoon and were directed to the Diamond check in. There were no line ups and we were given a welcome drink with alcohol. Surprisingly, our room was ready and our requests had been followed. Our 4 ala carte dinner reservations had been booked with the times we requested. I had e-mailed the Diamond club with our requests a few days prior to arriving.Room: Our room was clean and comfortable. The only bugs that we saw for the whole week were very tiny, harmless little bugs much smaller than ants.Service: We found everyone who worked at the resort to be friendly and very polite. We had one problem on the second day. Our room had not been serviced until the late afternoon (5:30 pm). I don't know why this happened and it certainly didn't happen again. A concierge came up to us at the Diamond pool and asked us if we had any complaints and we told him about the room not being serviced. After that, we had our room serviced twice a day (morning and evening). New towels were delivered twice a day and chocolates were left on the night table. We received two phone calls during the week from reception asking how we were enjoying our holiday and if we had any complaints. We had towel art and flowers in the room every day. The waiters at the bars and the restaurants were excellent and attentive. Water glasses and wine glasses were refilled without having to ask. Food: We actually found that the food was much better than we were expecting it to be. We ate most breakfasts in the Italian restaurant where there was probably 10 people there at the most. It was very quiet. We ate lunch at the beach but not at the main snack bar. We found another restaurant overlooking the beach that served better food. Half of it was under construction so I don't think that many people knew that if they kept walking a little bit further they would find that the other side was open. We were pleasantly surprised to discover that the main buffet was open before 7 in the morning so that we were able to have some breakfast before going on an outing and before going to the airport. Fruit was plentiful and delicious at each meal. There was a wide variety of choices.We enjoyed the restaurants. We ate at the Gourmet, Steak House, Italian and Japanese. We also had the option of eating lunch at the Italian restaurant which we did on one occasion.I did not ever have to ask the bartender to put alcohol in my drinks. I saw the rum being put in each time.The lobby bar was lovely to sit at and enjoy an after dinner cocktail or a cup of tea.Beach and Pools:The beach is beautiful. We went for a walk and a swim before breakfast when the beach was empty. We spent most days on chairs under the shade of the beautiful palm trees. The ocean was much more refreshing than the pools which seemed to be too hot. The Diamond club also has their own pool which was very quiet. I did notice people who were not from the Diamond section were also using the pool but it was never crowded. InternetWe took advantage of the free 20 minutes per day of internet use in the Diamond Room. I would definitely recommend staying in the Diamond section but I should mention that there is presently construction going on close by and you can hear hammering if you are sitting by the Diamond pool.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>xiandra
<Content>Extreme! it was soo good       starfish  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tumbleweed007
<Content>Very nice, but not perfect I decided to write something helpful for the people who are planning to stay in this hotel as I had killed a lot of time on reading from this site and was shocked at the diversity of opinions. Thus I would try to be as objective and precise as possible.The HOTEL is like a small town, but it is easy to get around (if you are not a complete moran of course) as you are given a map. The transportation system is effective.There are lots of PARTS and CLUBS there: Premier (futherst from the beach, secluded), Bavaro and Punta Cana sides are mirrow reflections of each other, Golden Club (closest to the sea), Ambar (the newest part, close to the see) and so on.My girlfriend and I booked Golden Club, but got upgraded to Ambar, which was very lucky as being in Ambar you can use all the facilities and restaurants of other parts, but no outside can use yours. What a feel of exclusiveness. Besides Ambar is adults only. Othewise there is almost no difference where you live.Now there is a CONSTRUCTION next to Punta Cana reception and along the Bavaro side, mind not to get there - all the other places are ok.Some of the staff speak adequate ENGLISH, at least one person at the reception and head waiters. You should not expect the others to do so.The TERRITORY is beautiful and very clean, the BEACH is great, though there was a bit of sea weed sometimes, but it is safe.The ROOM was ok, NO BUGS seen in ten days. You have to pay for the SAFE 3-4 $ per day.The FOOD is GOOD, if MacDonalds is not the corner stone of your diet. We went to 4 restaurants and found out that our Ambar Buffet was better than any of them as it had more variety. For those who enjoy seafood can recommend Pescador (fisherman). Can't say anything about Bavaro and Punta Cana buffets cause we didn't eat there. Snack bar is OK. Mind that you need to have trousers for dinner and shorts for the snack bar.As for ENTERTAINMENT: there are nightly shows and the corcert hall is always packed (I couldn't make myself to watch them for more than 10 minutes though); there are some watersports, but they are not free (as you have to pay insurance) and some other stuff of no importance.We entertained ouselves.Hope my review will help you to make your decision.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>GregCambridgeOntario
<Content>"This is not a 5 star report" My name is Greg and I just returned from the Grand Bahai Principe Bavaro in the Dominican Republic. We did a lot of checking on this resort before hand to ensure we would be satified. My girlfriend and I are very experienced travellers and have been all over the Carribean and have stayed at 3, 4 and 5 star resorts. We left on July 11, 2008 on our trip with Signature vacations and skyservice airlines. Nice flght down and no issues with immigration getting into the country. I was in the dominican about 20 years ago and stayed in Sosua but this was not a 3 star resort. The Bahai was ranked as a 5 star resort and that's what cought our eye when booking. We arrived at the resort around 10:30 at night. Check in service was quick and organized. As you may or may not knwo this resort is huge and they use tram cars to get you from one end to another. We were as far away from the main lobby as you could get which I was happy with. In saying this the porter took our bags up to the third floor and when he swipped the room card in the door, it didn't work, neither of them worked!!!!! The porter spoke not one word of english, he just left and returned about 30 min later, it was black and we had no clue how we ever got to our room so we just waited. Little pissed off and tired at this point but it is what it is. We got in the room and it was beautiful, king size bed, chairs, couch etc.... Nice shower with jet tub and all the fancy tile.We threw our bags on in the room and went to the front lobby for a drink!!! NICE...... It's about 11:10 right now and we get to the bar and the guy is standing there and tell us he is closed and we have to go to the (1) bar that is now open in the outdoor court. All inclusive closing bars at 11:00 pm on a 5 start report????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????So we go the main outdoor court and we sat for 35 min and not one person came to take our order so we left. So you know you can't get you're own drinks here, you have to wait to be served and you have to be sitting at a table.Back to the room to sleep, wake up hit the biffet and meet our signature rep to get the lowdown on the resort. We were told many things by her and then going back to speak to her a few days after she said she never said those things??? For you people looking to book the Amber side fo the resort for the 1 extra al la carte and the privacy, SAVE YOUR MONEY!!We spoke to an english couple with out signature rep who were staying on the Amber side which gives then access to everything this resosrt has, they mentioned that they went to the Bavaro buffet the previous night and they were denied. They asked why becasue they paid extra to have this privilege and the signature rep said sometime they deny people from Amber and sometimes they don't. The man had rage but held it in until we all left....Never seen them after that.FoodI am not the only person who will say this to you and please trust me on this. THE FOOD THAT IS SERVED ON THIS ENTIRE RESORT IS NOT 5 STAR QUALITY, IT IS NOT EVEN 4 STAR QUALITY. AT THE VERY MOST, 3 START QUALITY. I am speaking the truth here.Meat, terrible, fried on a skilletChicken, boneless fried on a skilletPasta, every day for every mealVeg, rice, egg plant and potatoSushi, had at the buffet and you could get the same at any chinese placeThe buffet for breakfast lunch and dinner was a complete free for all everyday, food everywhere on the floors and messy.Al La CarteI hate to say this but again 3 star quality, good service, food terrible.Beach,Best part of the resort, nice waves, lost of chairs on the beach and great to walk up and down the coast to view the other resort there. Lots of boats that gave off a gas smell onthe beach however so if this would bother you, again stay away!!The resort itself was beautifully landscaped and cleaned constantly. On the resort we used an outside provider in the outside court for email to check on things at home. This is you're only option given unless you upgrade to DIAMOND Status. 12 bucks American for one hour. We used it twice, nice clean place with about 8 Dell laptops. Went back on our 3rd, 4th and 5th day and the computers were all down. I said to the guy, call you're owner and tell him that I bought one hour worth of service, I had 30 min remaning and I want 6 dollar back because I am leaving the next day and their service is not acceptable. He called, got off the phone and looked at me and said no refund, I can't help you.I made sure I told him to tell his owner that this is not acceptable and I would ensure to write about this on my review. I found out from another couple that this is VERY common at this place and it is done to save money!!!!!!!!!!So if you use it and it happens to you, don't say I didn'e tell you!!!Drinks/Bars1- beach bar (so busy you could barely get a drink) Opens at 10am and closes at 5pm????2- pool swim up bars (people claim pool stools and don't move) opens at 10am and closes at 5 pm????2 - bars beside the pool. Opens at 10 am and closes at 5pm????1- bar in the main lobby. Opens at 10am and closed at 11pm????After that you have to sit with over a thousand people and fight to wait for a drink in the ourdoor court are, might as well go back to you're room at that stage. Again not 5 star qualityHere is the kicker, all those fun drinks we all get when we are down in the islands and drink like fishes, IF YOU DO NOT ASK FOR BOOZE IN YOUR DRINK THEY WILL GIVE YOU A VIRGIN DRINK. I AM NOT KIDDING!!!!!!!!! HAVE YOU EVER HEARD OF SUCH A THING????????????????????? BRUTAL AND NOT 5 STAR QualityMy overall comments about this place would be to book elsewhere. For me I am never going back to the Dominican again. I gave this a shot becasue of all the negative light that is being shed on Mexico these days. I was hoping to get lucky and I wish I would have went back to the Mayan Riviera at the very least!!!My review is not to slander the resort itself, it's food, it's service, It is only to speak the truth in saying this is very far away from being a 5 star resort on almost all services. Hope this review helps you finding a great vacation desitny.Regards,Greg  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	3	2	1	

<Author>chiins
<Content>Definitely not a 5 star I will keep my review short and simple. The beach and resort is beautiful and well maintained-thats about it for the positive. Our room smelled, it had a strong musty odor and when i asked them to do something about it they didn't. Needless to say, all our clothes stink and after washing them all, they still smell like hell. The food is disgusting and the same thing all the time. It doesn't even look appealing to eat and gave us diarrhea everyday. Breakfast was the absolute worst meal of the day. The a la cartes were ok, the Japanese was disappointing. The resort has alot of bugs, cockroaches and beetles. The Drinks are such a disgrace there, they do not put alcohol in them unless you request it...what is the point of that? The alcohol was cheap anyway, they charge you for brand name alcohol. Stick with beer. The staff is rude and their attitude stinks. We found that they only brought us our drinks at the buffets and restaurants when they remembered. The entire experience was horrible, i wanted to come home after the first day. I would never recommend this place to anyone, and I will never go back to DR again. This place, at best is a 3 star hotel, we talked to many people there and they were really disgusted as well. I have been down south many times and stayed at all sorts of 4.5-5 star hotels, by far this is the worst. So glad to be back home, I took a chance going here and I was hoping that the previous poor reviews were exaggerated, but they weren't. This was a vacation from hell.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	3	1	1	

<Author>iflyhigh9
<Content>Best Vacation Ive Ever Had       the bed  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lide_8
<Content>Loved it Hello!I've been to Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro from the 25 th June to 2nd July 2007 and it was funtastic. The bedrooms were hudge, the service was excelent, the great staff, they were so nice, so funny. The buffet was awesome, all activities were really funny specially the Perfect match game. I loved it. And is really as the music says - volver谩s! Si, yo volverei!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Disturbed79
<Content>Amazing This Resort is amazing!The food was great!The people are fantastic!The resort is very clean!The beach is very nice!The rooms are large and well kept!I would return to this anytime, we had a fantastic time!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>juanjesus39
<Content>very disappointed!!! we just got back from Gran bAHIA pRINCIPE Punta CAna. we were there for one week. I had a lot expectations about this resort. However i was very disappointed with the experience. I've been 4 times in punta cana in other resorts (RIU, bARCELO'S, ETC) and i have to say that BAhia has the worst food i ever had.the buffet at orquidea is very limited, every day same food. they just change the name an a few things. no seafood, only one type of fish. beef is terrible. they cook terrible. very limited in fruits. drinks are made with cheap licors, NO BRAND NAMES. bREAKFAST is ok, but sometimes you can't even find bAcon!!!! we tried several restaurant and they were low quality. the Japanese was a little better, but far from real Japanese food. they did not have chop stick! hello!Beach it was great, like any resort at BAvaro beach. The pueblo is nice( disco, casino, bar, shopping). we liked to shop there but keep in mind you must negotiate to get good prices. we did.the resort is very nice and rooms are beautiful, but take your own pillow.just one more thing i have to say:NO VOLVERE EH EH, NO VOLVERE EH EH A BAHIA PRINCIPE!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>littlemisstravel1978
<Content>2 thumbs up! I know it has been a few years since I was at this resort, but while I was posting another review I thought I would do this too. The hotel grounds were gorgeous! Service was good!Food was great - lots of choice - a la cartes were easy to book and a nice change from the loudness of a buffet settingEvent staff were fabulous - always trying to get you to join in on activities - very friendly and welcomingAlways plenty of activities going on (pool/beach aerobics, darts, dance lessons, Spanish lessons, volleyball etc.)Beach was amazing! Sometimes difficult to find a lounge chair unless you went early though. Would I go back? YES, definitely!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>cjap1965
<Content>Worst Experience Ever! Here is an excerpt from the email I sent when I returned from my trip:I am writing to attempt to express my displeasure with my recent stay at your resort. I purposely waited a few days to send this email because I wanted my anger to subside and I needed to get some rest. My accommodations consisted of adjoining rooms in the Royal Golden Principe for 4 nights. My situation is that I am a single dad with twin 8 year old girls and I traveled with my girlfriend and she has a 17 year old son who occupied the adjoining room. It was my first trip away with my girls and my gf and her son and it was very important to me. It must be noted that she has a background in the travel industry and researched the different properties and felt it was important, considering the situation, to spend a little more to ensure a great vacation. Collectively we have traveled to over 15 islands and our only other experience in the Dominican Republic was a great one in May of 2006 at the Secrets Resort. It will not be easy but I will try my best to keep this as brief as possible. On the drive to the resort everyone was excited and the entry was totally disappointing due to the construction in the main lobby. Having been to many of the islands in the Caribbean I was waiting for the warm, friendly greeting and a refreshing cocktail and it didn't happen. We were simply directed to Golden Club and waited for the next available staff member. Immediately I became concerned because the gentleman seemed almost annoyed to check us in and gave us little to no information regarding the resort. We got absolutely no direction regarding the difference of being in the Golden Club versus the rest of the property. Simple questions such as; What hours are you open? How can we get access to the internet? Isn't premium alcohol served here, as advertised? How do we get a drink, there is no bartender? At that point we are told we need to pay to get a safe! Are you kidding me? I then ask about the reservations for the Special restaurants and I am told I need to come back the next day to make them. We are then taken to our rooms, After looking at the map and trying to figure out where the beach and pools are we walk around and try to get situated. After unpacking we head to the buffet. Let me clarify that. We attempt to head to the buffet. We have absolutely no idea where we are going and can't get a straight answer from anyone working for the hotel. After finally getting some dinner we head home to our room and get off at three different places without a clue of where we are before we find the room. At this point the kids are actually scared and just want to go to bed. After falling asleep, I wake up and realize the air conditioning isn't working properly and when I turn on the lights I see two large cockroaches run in front of me. I kill them and convince myself it is a one time thing and that the air is okay and I have a horrible nights sleep. In the morning we, once again, have a hard time finding it back to the Golden Club to complain about the roaches and the air conditioning and to make our dinner reservations. We are told that the problems would be corrected and that there is only two restaurants available on separate nights for dinner. We end up actually making one of the reservations at 9:30 because it is all that is available. Then it just gets worse. We head back to the room and upon entering start to realize that the cockroach problem is real. I kill about 5 in each room in 10 minutes! By the way, the two adults are trying to kill them without the children knowing. At this point, I have absolutely had it and consider getting a flight home. On the third sleepless night I actually had a bug crawl across my head! As I stated earlier, as hard as it is I am trying to keep this short so I am simply going to list some of the other situations we encountered; - Garden Grill, every order wrong and no more churrasco! - Towel service ridiculous, what is the service? - No beach service for drinks. - No proper air conditioning until 11PM on day 3. - Total cockroach infestation that was never corrected! - Japanese restaurant with my 8 year old girls sleeping at the table when the food was served at 10:15 PM. Oh, I have to mention three other specific encounters. I go to return my 5 towels on the last day to get my plastic cards and I am told that they only have 4 cards available. I said I was checking out and I needed the cards and the response was, You will take what I have! Another really crazy situation was the last day when I tried to find out the status of my flight back to New Jersey. After being sent to 4 different people I was told that the hotel does not offer that service! I actually called home to have somebody check for me. Lastly, upon checkout, I ask to see a manager because I have some major issues and I am told I have to wait because he is eating breakfast! I didn't sleep for 5 days and I have to wait for this guy to finish his breakfast? Needless to say, this was the worst trip I have ever been on.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>SMP85
<Content>Would recommend this hotel, fantastic!!! We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe, Punta Cana side for 2 weeks. We booked our holiday through Thomson travel agents. When we first arrived to the hotel there were some maintenance works going on at the front which was really annoying because you couldnt hear the receptionist. But the reception is so far away it doesnt effect your stay. We went straight to our rooms on a little cart which was driven by the bell boy and our suitcases were on the back. They even took our suit cases up to the third floor which was handy. The room was nice and big, very clean and the air conditioning was brilliant as it was sooo hot!!! First thing me and my boyfriend did was head to the beach to see what it was like. Amazing, clean and well kept. There are plenty of umberllas on the beach so you will find somewhere to sit as the beach is huge. We used to sit on the beach in the morning and swimming pool in the afternoon. I must say every day you will see staff walking around picking up any litter!! They take pride on keeping that beach clean. Just annoys me when you see people leaving their plastic cups/cigarette buts on the beach...they get picked up very quickly though. And the same goes for the poolside. There are plenty of bins everywhere. Poolside was a bit busier, but still we got there in the afternoon and we still found a lounger every day. We sat at the main pool near the beach. Now down to the food. We went to 4 a la cartes. Mexican, garden grill, japanese and gourmet. The best was Garden Grill and Japanese. The Gourmet was a bit strange but still we tried it. We heard good feed back about the other restaurant el pascardor which is a fish restaurant. Shame we missed that meal due to being back late from an excursion. The buffett is good, ive been to other all inclusives before and this one was by far the best. Breakfast was a selection of everything you can think of. Lunch we always had near the pool and the food isnt kept there for to long, you will always see them replacing the food with freshly cooked food. There pizza is really nice. Ok you will get board of some of the food but hey you got to expect that. I must say i did like the fact that every night in the buffett they will have a themed night, like Italian or Chinese. The room was cleaned every day by our maid which was nice to always come back to after a day out. She done all her little art work with the towels and flowers which was nice. We left her $1 a day. We went on 4 trips:Soana island - amazing, the best trip of the whole holiday...get to go on a paddle boat, then speed boat and after you had lunch on the island you get to go back on a caterman.Monster Truck Safari - really good, got to see different bits of Dominican and how they live. We visited a school and even a vodoo witch doctor which was a bit scary.Ocean World (swimming with dolphins) - we went by aeroplane which was only an 18 seater!!! Swimming with dolphins was amazing. We saw the shark and sea lion show but there wasnt alot else to do there. We did get a bit board.Speed Venture - you get your on speed boat per couple, my boyfriend drove it and thought he was James Bond...was really good fun and you get to stop off and swim with tropical fish which was amazing.The hotel overall was very well kept, you will always see them keeping to very high standards. Staff were brilliant, there were some struggles with the language but us english are used to that going to other european countries. It wasnt a problem. Oh and they will give you a little passport which will tell you about the hotel and will have a map on. You will need this when you arrive as the resort is quite big. And to be honest it doesnt make any difference which side you stay on (Bavaro, or Punta Cana) they are exactly the same!!Also if you are searching to find out what the weather is like out there,ignore the weather forecast's as it is always wrong apparently. Its boiling hot and sunny and you get the occasional storm which clears quickly. If you are going to this hotel, enjoy....me and my boyfriend certainly did and we would recommend it to our friends and family so that must mean something.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ToshSouthampton
<Content>Not all it's made out to be !!!! My wife and I have just returned from Gran Bahia Principe we were ther from 19th June until 3rd July and we went with 1st Choice (from now on to be our LAST choice)Flight overWe upgraded to Premier classas a special treat seeing as I was 60 this year. The brochure says you have priority boarding of the plane, this didn't happen it was a free for all. The plane was parked way out on the tarmac as far from the terminal as you could be and as soon as the doors opened to get on the buses it was a stampede. The brochure also states the meals were desingned by Aldo Zilli, well if thats he's ideas of decent food send him back to Italy. Your also get the choice of 16 movies noway it was only 10. The cabin crew were helpful and polite though.Transfer to resortWe were booked in on the coach to the hotel by one of the reception staff which was helpful. She gives information about the resort which is very misleading. According to the 1st choice brochure you have 3 large pools to use, this is their first lie and it goes on from there don't believe all you read in the brochure.HotelThe hotel is 2 large resorts joined together with 2 smaller parts attached. The large ones are Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro and the other is Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana, in most repects they are mirror imaged but you are not allowed to share each others pools. The brochure states you have all pools to use.The resort is vast it took the wife and I an hour to walk around the perimeter. The grounds and all areas are kept imacculate and the staff work very hard. The beach is lovely but is restricked to a small swimming area. The large pool at the beach end does not have enough sun shades so if you don't get there early enough you miss out on any shade for the day and belive me you won't want to sit in the sun allday.The staff are very friendly and helpful at all times and can't do enough for you. You don't have to tip but a dollar here and there is met with a lot of grattitude.RestrauntsThe main restraunt caters for all tastes and the food is nice. Plenty of fresh salad and hot meals of al sorts.We only tried 3 of the 6 al a carte restraunts as I got a bad belly on the 6th day there and still haven't shaken it of. The garden Grill was very good and the Japanese was excellent. The gourmet is what gave my bad belly as I had Lobster and Chicken fricasse and it didn't taste that good, i've had lobster many a time before and never tasted like that.Other Holiday makersThe resort was full of every nationality you could think of. We met one Canadian couple from Toronto who are from Pakistani origin who were lovely but forgot to get their email address. Also a Canadian couple from Toronto ( Christine and David) with 2 sons (Mathew and Michael) who were lovely people. Christine helped me out with some stomach bug medication again we failed to get email address. If you read this mine is tddavis@btinternet.comThere were a lot of yanks noisy and far over the top as usual. The other Canadians were more reserved as we have found at other resorts in the Caribbean. Airport and flight homeThe Airport was hectic, they were booking in 9 or 10 flights at the same time and our rep did not have a clue what line we should be in. It took over 1 hour to get from checkin to the depature lounge and it was hot and sticky no air con at all.The flight home was ok until we got to Gatwick. We landed at 5:35 and had to park on the hard stand furthest from the terminal. The ground staff who were in charge of manouvering the steps into place didn't have a clue what they were doing, they eventually got the steps in and door open by 6am. We were not allowed to disembark until 6:20 when the one and only bus arrived to take us to the terminal.Once at the terminal everthing went smoothly.We have been on holiday to the North of the Island twice before to Playa Dorada and will go back there again but never to Gran Bahia as it too big.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>london86
<Content>Fantastic hotel! Just returned from a lovely holiday with my partner; we could barely find any fault with the hotel. We paid 拢931 each, flying from London Gatwick, and I think the holiday was excellent value for money. I'd urge people to remember how reasonably priced the All Inclusive's in the DR are, and be realistic with their expectations: it's 5* Dominican Republic, not 5* London or New York!I'll split my review into sections to make it easier to follow. And please excuse the length!Travel agent/booking: we booked and traveled with Thomson's. This was the only major downside to our holiday! The rep was useless: she was never available, very patronising when you did corner her, and she didn't even let any guests know about departure details (what time we were being picked up from the resort etc). Absolutely appalling. I would urge anyone going from the UK to avoid Thomson's for this reason.Flights: we traveled on the Thomson Fly airline, and I was very impressed with the flight. There was tons of leg room (don't book extra leg-room seats though as you can't stretch your legs out). Comfort packs were provided, as were earphones, and you had a personal seat-back TV, with a selection of music, games and films. You could upgrade the TV for 拢5 each way, which gave you a wider choice. The flights left pretty much on time both ways.Check-in: a bit noisy, as there is currently some construction work taking place outside the lobby (they're re-doing the entrance). Very quick though. As soon as we'd checked in we hopped on a tram/bus with our cases and were taken to our room. We e-mailed the hotel prior to travel and requested a room away from the construction. We got a good room, third floor as requested, away from the construction, and in a good location, very near the beach and main pool (room 10301).Rooms: lovely. VERY big and spacious, with a massive king-size bed, dressing table with TV and large mirror, and a large separate sitting area with two chairs and a table and a sofa. There was also a balcony with plastic chairs and a table which we rarely used. Wardrobes had plenty of hanging and shelf-space, there were also drawers in the bedside tables and dressing table. An umbrella is provided which came in handy a couple of times!Bathrooms were large and marble, with a jacuzzi tub. There were plenty of towels, as well as face-cloths. I'd advise avoiding showering between 6 and 7, as the water-pressure wasn't very strong at these times, I'm guessing because everyone showers at this time. It was still fine though, just took a little longer!The rooms were spotlessly clean and we only saw one bug (sadly a cockroach :-s) during our entire stay, which was dead (I think they must regularly put down bug killer as we didn't ever see any live ones!). The maid left us some lovely towel art and flowers the first few days, but it petered out by day 5 :-( The mini-bar was generally re-stocked daily, but a few times we didn't get any beers. This would be one of my complaints, it could be slightly irritating as you do pay for it.The safe was $32 dollars per week, well worth it and hotel will not accept liability for any valuables not left in the safe. Warning: the safe was pitch black, I'd recommend bringing a torch if like us you put a lot of stuff in your safe!Pools: if you don't have any upgrade (like Diamond club, Ambar etc) then you have a choice of two pools, the main one at the beach, and a smaller one towards the center of the resort. The pools were immaculate, very clean, and both had swim-up bars, which was cool. We preferred the smaller pool as it was quieter with fewer children. There were pool activities (like aerobics and bingo) throughout the day, but I didn't find it too obtrusive. Loungers could be hard to come by at the main pool, but we always got a lounger under a palapa at the small pool, even if we didn't get there till 11/12. The pools are quite shallow, not for big swimming fans, and could get quite warm as a result (I was struggling to find anything wrong, so this was one of my 'complaints'!)Beach: stunning! White sand, clear turquoise water... Really lovely. It was busy near the pool and beach bar, but you could find quieter spots further away. We only used the beach a few times, but again never had a problem finding loungers and shade. Only complaint is that the swimming area was minuscule, and speed boats etc came FAR too close to swimmers. I've seen some nasty accidents caused by boats so this was a bit of a concern.Grounds and common facilities: immaculate. The hotel really was spotless, marble gleamed, and the grounds were lovely, full of plants and flowers. A real pleasure.Resort size: I really didn't think the resort was that big to be honest; it takes about 10 minutes to stroll from one end to the other. The larger size was a good thing in my opinion as it allowed for more variety, and you didn't feel like you were just stuck in a hotel block. I also don't understand why people find it so complicated, it took us literally 30 seconds to work out the layout! Basically, there's a central road with the reception and buffet restaurant at one end, the beach and pool at the other, and another pool in the middle. A la carte restaurants are spread out, but you're provided with a map, and there are large maps throughout the resort if you get stuck. Trams ran every couple of minutes, we did use these sometimes I'm afraid to say, more because of the heat than anything else; they stopped at bus stops down the main road.Drinks: I thought the selection of drinks was excellent, there was a wide range of cocktails, plus beer, wine, spirits and international soft drinks rather than local ones. Cocktails at the pool bars were ready made (it would be impossible to make them all fresh!) and sometimes didn't have much alcohol. I'm not a big drinker so this was fine by me; I'm sure you could ask for a strong one without any problems! Bring a thermos if you can, bar staff will happily fill them and it saves a trip or two to the bar.There were quite a few bars to choose from: two lobby bars, bars at the beach and pools, and the karaoke bar at the Pueblo Principe.Food: I thought the food was very good, as did my partner. Breakfast was fairly standard: cereals, yoghurts, cheeses, fruit, fresh cooked eggs and pancakes, as well as sausages, potatoes etc etc. There was a wide selection at lunch, and you could eat either at the main buffet (with a larger selection) or the pool snack bar (smaller selection, things like pizza, pasta, chips, burgers etc, but more than enough choice). There was also a big selection at dinner (the desserts were fab!), there really was something for everyone. Food was generally hot and was being constantly replaced and replenished. Oh, and there was Heinz ketchup in packets for Heinz fans!Drinks service in the main buffet could be patchy, sometimes you were waiting a little while. I didn't really find this an issue, and the staff work very hard, they're rushing about non-stop.We tried several a la cartes, and here's my opinions on them:Le Gourmet: nice, but a bit too 'fancy' for my liking; I prefer simple food that speaks for itself. The octopus salad was overpowered by too many herbs, and I wasn't keen on the corn mash; the beef was lovely though, nice and tender.Garden Grill: my personal favourite. Buffet starter and dessert, and I had the tenderloin steak for my main which was DELICIOUS.BBQ: OK, nothing special. Nice change from the buffet though.Italian: awful! Please don't go, it's a waste of a reservation!Japanese: great fun, chef cooks in front of you. The food was tasty and there will several courses which included soup and sushi. Really enjoyed this one. Had fried ice cream for dessert and still don't know what to make of it!Entertainment: there was a good selection of things to do, from mini-golf, aerobics, merengue and water polo in the day, to the band, show and karaoke at night. The Pueblo Principe has a variety of shops, and the disco and casino are here. The vendors on the stalls will try to rip you off, go for 10-20% of what they ask! Drinks are free everywhere apart from the casino. We only made it to the disco once and weren't overly impressed, but then it was early. Most nights we went to bed at about 11, so we didn't see much of the 'nightlife'!Language barrier: we didn't find this an issue. We made an effort where possible and this was always appreciated and met with a smile. Most of the staff had a basic grasp of English, so ordering drinks and food was never a problem, and reception staff and guest relations all spoke very good English. Please remember you are not only in another country, but in a very poor country where few people have access to education. Many of the staff try, and are practicing their English all the time, so be patient!Overall the holiday was brilliant, and I would definitely recommend this hotel. We're already thinking about visiting this chain again next year, but in a different resort.I think I've covered just about everything, but if anyone has any questions, feel free to send me a personal message.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Steelx
<Content>Overbooked!! Let me start by thanking all past guests at this resort for their valuable comments and feedback which, after much research, convinced me to pick this resort for my family vacation.After all that I read about the Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro, I never expected to be prepared for what was waiting for us at check-in. Apparently the resort OVERBOOKED their available capacity for the Punta Cana and Bavaro sections of the resort, which led to some inconveniences during our stay.CHECK-IN: Upon arrival, 12:30 PM Sunday June 22, rooms had been oversold and check-in staff had trouble finding a room with two double beds (we're a family of 4, 2 adults, 2 children). The only room available was with one king size bed ! Check-in finally freed-up a room at 15:30 with 2 double beds.A LA CARTE RESTAURANTS: During the time waiting for our room to be ready we decided to book our three a la carte restaurants at customer service. Due to the large number of guests, only one restaurant was available ! Customer Service advised that we should check-in with them every morning at 8:00 AM for cancellations. Well come Tuesday, no cancellations, and my wife decided to take a more direct approach with Customer Service. Speaking fluent spanish, she explained that on the Monday evening, we decided to check out some restaurants directly and discovered that the french restaurant Cafe de Paris (on the Bavaro side of the resort) and the japanese Mikado (on the Punta Cana side) were closed !!Customer Service now admitted that those two restaurants were just closed this week and that suddenly there was a cancellation at the Dominican restaurant located in the Club Premier section of the resort ! We never succeded in getting a third a la carte restaurant and I believe the resort was limiting the amount of people in the restaurants as a measure of cost control. Sending everyone to the buffet is much more profitable for them.The quality of food at the two a la carte's was very good compared to the buffet.BUFFET: Turns out our 2 a la carte were booked for the last two evenings of our stay so the buffet was our feeding grounds for the first 5 dinners. Food was average, I'd rate it a 6 on 10, with Mexico's Grand Occidental Xcaret surpassing the GBP by far.BARS: Popular tropical drinks (Pina Colada's Coco Loco's) are premixed from large commercial drink mixers and taste very artificial. Ask the bartenders for a drink that he has to prepare, like a strawberry daiquiri or margarita, and he'll give you a dirty look! Suffice it to say that I stuck with lots of cerveza's (which is not their local Presidente by the way but more of a watered down draft beer) and cuba libre's while my spanish speaking wife kept asking for the daiquiri's and margarita's.OVERSOLD SITUATIION: Here's how the resort decided to handle the large number of guests booked during this week (June 22-29). Early Monday morning, a flyer was distributed to every room in the resort asking guests if they would be interested in a FREE excursion to visit Isla Saona, Altos de Chavon, stay at the Gran Bahia Principe La Samana for one night, get a free upgrade to Club Diamond (adults only) or Hacienda (with children), and get a free security box on the condition that they pack and leave their room for one night. The excursion would begin Friday 6:30 AM and guests were to return Saturday 6:00 PM. Rooms had to be vacated and luggage would be stored in a special locked luggage room for the duration of the excursion. The value of the excursion was approximately $100 per person and the objective was to get people off the site in order to accomodate other guests. These flyers were everywhere, underneath glass table tops, at the bars, posted on large billboards outside the buffet restaurants, on check-in counter.......you couldn't miss them.On Friday afternoon, a group of approximately 300 guests, all employees of Shell Oil, arrived and took over the pool and beach area. Saturday's regularly scheduled beach activities (morning yoga session, dance lesson) and afternoon pool aerobics, bingo game, and poolside dance lessons were cancelled because all the animators were entertaining the Shell Oil guests, partying on the beach. On Saturday, the beach and main pool was jammed with people.WATER SPORTS: Couldn't get a booking for a free one hour ride on a catamaran the whole week because of two reasons. One, only three of the six catamarans were operational, three were broken, and Two, too many guests. Well, 10 minutes later, here comes my spanish speaking wife again and this time she asked for a one hour lesson at $30 and guess what, suddenly a catamaran was available for that lesson and it would be on the water in 5 minutes ! Was this another example of limiting what is really free to guests so that they could sell a lesson?LOUNGE CHAIRS AT BEACH AND POOL: Forget about trying to find a lounge chair at the beach or the main pool at 8:30 AM on Monday because of, you guessed it, too many guests. Here's another unique trick.......guests were arriving at the pool and beach early morning and instead of reserving a lounge chair by placing one towel lengthwise per chair, they were actually placing their towels across two chairs, widthwise, thereby reserving twice the number of chairs at the beach and at the pool.Guess what we started doing early Tuesday AM !STATUS AT OTHER RESORTS: During the week, my wife and I walked up and down the beach to check out other resorts. The Majestic (5 *), just north of GBP, had 50% of the lounge chairs available at the beach and next to their pool. The RIU, just south of the GBP, had maybe 40% of lounge chairs free and the resort looked much larger than the GBP, in terms of surface area on the beach. Much fewer bathers were spotted at these reorts compared to the crammed pool and beach of the GBP.Overall, the grounds were impeccably clean, every morning the beach was cleaned of the thousands of cigarette butts and plastic drinking glasses left behind by late night beachgoers, the rooms were very clean, the pools clean are beautiful, and the staff did their best given the many guests on site.If it weren't for those few inconveniences and all those people, this trip would have been much more relaxing and would have ranked right up there. I guess this was a situation where BIGGER is NOT NECESSARILY BETTER !!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	4	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>BhishiB
<Content>Great intro to all-inclusive holiday experience       Beautiful bathroom  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PHiLiP_RoVeR
<Content>Great Vacation, Great Place       beach  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Photoman069
<Content>TRIP FROM HELL Our family has travelled to many destinations, and this was the worst ever. First of all, since it is a Spanish speaking country, we thought we would be ok since my wife can speak spanish, but the staff often acted like they did not understand her when it came time for them to give us change. Check in was a nightmare. We arrived earlier than check in time and they gave us our keys but told us that we could not get the room until 3. We were fine with that, but the bellhop insisted on taking us to our room and told us that he knows the maid and can get us in early. She was very annoyed that we showed up early and she was literally mopping around our feet in the room. We felt very akward and decided to head back to the main building for lunch. THe buffet was absolutly unedible. THe food was gross. The fruit was spoiled. We knew we were in for trouble. Later we were told to meet for our orientation. We showed up with another family and nobody else was there. We found out later that they decided to move the orientation but nobody bothered to let us know. Anyway the next day my son got food poisoning and was throwing up for the next two days. I got food poisoning the day before I left and have been sick ever since. In the buffett we asked the head waiter if we could take some fruit to our sick son, and he was very rude and told us he would not give us a container and if we wanted something to call room service. I ordered a fruit plate from room service and they were very quick. Less than 5 minutes. But the fruit was all spoiled. They must make up these plates and leave them laying around until people order them. I cannot stress enough how disgusting the food is. They do not follow proper food service procedures. at the outdoor snack bars, food is sitting out for hours and covered in flies. As for the bars. they never make the same drink the same. You can order a pina colada from the same bartender 5 times and each one will be a suprise. One is worse than the next. We met so many people that were also sick. We are not picky people and like to try new things, but this place has the worst food ever. DONT GO, UNLESS YOU ARE TRYING TO LOSE WEIGHT FAST.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>KyKathy
<Content>Big and Beautiful Family Trip with 22, 27, and 28 yr olds. We enjoyed our time there. The resort is certainly gorgeous. We were in the Bavaro side. We found the staff in the Buffet to be quite friendly and personable. I have stayed in all inclusives before and was a little disappointed in the arrival. Normally you are greeted with drinks. We were herded into a meeting room where we had to wait for someone to help us. Once we got to our rooms, we were quite impressed. It took us a while to figure out how everything in the resort was set up, and found ourselves lost on the first night. The beach is outstanding! you can walk out into the water with no fear of stepping on rocks. I expected to see topless women at the beach, but was surprised to see it at the pool. We checked on reservations for ala carte restaurants, but were told everything except the Barb-b-q was booked for the entire week. We went to that and it was nice. We checked the next day on reservatons again and were informed they had opened the prmiere restaurant in Ambar. Unlike one of the other posters, we were not impressed with the this restaurant. The service that evening was very poor. If you have people who are picky eaters, it will be difficult. My son was looking for some type of normal food. I think he lived on watermelon and french fries.We went parasailing and I suggest you pay with credit card. We used the atm to get cash, as we were told we needed cash and it gave us pesos. We checked with the girl at the desk to be certain we had the correct amount. Upon arrival at the parasailing, we were told we were short because they use a different exchange rate. We said we would run and get a credit card and the one guy was very rude, saying it was too late. I wanted to smack him. I was just as stubborn and we got our way. We also went on the caribbean festival and I would hightly reccommend it. I agree with another poster that the pools need to stay open until at least 10, even if they want to stop the alcohol at 6. Six o'clock is way too early!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>flavio12
<Content>Ok if you do not mind company We booked a week for our family (2 adults, 2 kids / 69)....We flew to Santo Domingo and drove to Punta Cana (3.5 hours) as it was the cheapest flight available.Once arrived at hotel we found out it was over booked...After initial disappointment we moved to other resort 2 miles down the road (RIU Palace Macau) for 4 days and then came back...In the end it turned out that the RIU resort was significantly better than the Principe Bavaro.The Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro is a very large resort that hosts very many people...I found it very crowded...However our kids liked it, so if they are happy, we are happy!Room was very clean and comfortable...Food was OK...Pools are very nice.We were hoping to snorkel,but the water isn't very clear and the boat trafic makes it dangerous (disappointing).As we had a car we drove north (Playa Limon) following suggestions from Lonely Planet guide...Roads have many holes, so it takes a long time to go anywhere....Drive wasn't worth it in the end.In summary, hotel was OK, beach OK, but all lucked character...For less money and traveling time we could have gone to Cancun.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	3	5	3	5	4	

<Author>GottaTravelTheWorld
<Content>Two words...LOVED IT!! I just recently returned from the Gran Bahia Principe with my boyfriend and I think that this must have been the best trip ever!!!Checking in couldn't have been easier...they gave us our room keys on the bus!!Absolutely loved the room!! It was very very clean and much nicer than other all inclusives that I've been to!!The lobby and the grounds were amazing! Most amazing landscaping....beautiful.The resort was huge....but the little shuttle buses came every second to pick you up...so no worries there!The a la carte restaurants are a must!!! Particularly enjoyed the Japanese, French and Seafood ones!The staff were extremely helpful and very kind.The food at the buffet was pretty good. Make sure you make it there for breakfast....definitely the best meal of the day!The beach was beautiful...and we never ever had problems finding empty beach chairs.The entertainment at night was pretty good. The shows were great. The club was alright. We only went twice. The club didn't play that much english music so it got a bit boring after a while (we knew we were in a Spanish speaking country...so we weren't about to complain about the Spanish music!)We went on the Country Adventure tour which was interesting. It gives you a completely different view of the country (I guess the real view!! We all know the resort is not how the Dominicans live!!)Overall...I couldn't have asked for a better vacation...absolutely NO complaints! Loved it!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alexandra2224
<Content>Absolutely AMAZING Vacation! We wanted to write a long and detailed review to explain just how great of an experience we had and why we will be making plans to go back as soon as we can....My boyfriend and I returned from BP Bavaro a few days ago, and had the most perfect vacation. We literally had ZERO complaints about our stay-- the room, the grounds of the property, the food, the drinks, the staff.. this place was above  beyond anything we had ever expected. We truly were treated like royalty. Prior to taking our vacation we read several reviews that had complaints; after a few days at this resort it became clear to both of us that those who had or would complain are those who are totally ignorant of their surroundings. BEACH: The most beautiful we had ever seen. Our main requirement for this vacation was white sand  turquoise water-- if you're looking for the same, this is exactly what you will get... it really is paradise (especially considering the beach bar located only steps from the surf). There are several water activities going on throughout the day, mostly at an extra cost-- we spent most of our time swimming in the warm sea and soaking up the sun.POOLS: All of the pools on this resort are well maintained and manned by friendly, accomodating staff. Like anywhere else in the world, they are appreciative of TIPS! One of the things we noticed was that FEW people actually tipped the bartenders, but if you gave a dollar every few drinks--trust me, they take care of you (especially if you ask for MUCHO rum!). The main pool by the beach can get busy, but this is a positive thing-lots of people watching to do and things to experience. NIGHTLIFE: Again, no complaints here!! At the end of our day at the pool/beach we would go for dinner at either the buffet or restaurant then head to the Pueblo Principe (the square located by the reception). This is probably one of the most attractive parts of the entire resort, lavishly decorated with marble floors, grand ceilings, live entertainment, and staff who are at your beck  call (literally). Here you can sample several drink choices which can become quite entertaining; there is much to choose to from. This square closes at 11, and most people head to the Principe town, where there is a stage that hosts live shows (comedy, etc--very good!), a karaoke bar, a disco,  a casino. This resort is not a huge party place, but if you are looking for a mixture of R  R, and a party, you can do it here. FOOD: You have a choice of 3 a la carte restaurants- we chose the steakhouse, the seafood, and the japanese (entertaining). All 3 were really something to talk about. There is something here for everyone. We enjoyed the steakhouse the best; each a la carte has an appetizer buffet prior to your entree. Throughout our stay we ate at both the breakfast, lunch, and dinner buffets. Keeping in mind that this is a resort that accomadates hundreds of patrons, the buffet food is quite good given the volume of people it serves. Many options-- salads, all types of meat, pasta bars, pizza, local dishes, various desserts, gourmet juices... the list goes on. If you are not a picky eater, you will most definitely NOT go hungry here.DRINKS: The drinks served were great; many choices like daquiris, martinis, mixed drinks, fruity cocktails, beer, wine. If you are looking for something tasty, you have many options--the favorite is the BANANA MAMA--certifiably the best drink in the world!! This is not a wine country, so the wine is not amazing, but the beer is good--the domestic liquors (ie rum) are awesome as well... its hard to complain when you are being served whatever you want as if its water! With bars at the beach, the pools, the restaurants, the square.... most of our nights ended excitingly!GROUNDS: You feel like you are part of a little town. This resort is beautifully maintained. Workers are constantly maintaining the cleanliness and appearance of the resort, which has many pretty trees, plants, and flowers. True, this is a large resort, but the size of it does in no way detract from your experience. In fact, we found it a pleasure to walk here and there, from one end to the other. If you are fit, it is not a problem to do so-- on those days where you're feeling lazy, small trolleys arrive every few minutes to take you where you need to go. ROOMS: Beautiful. The bathrooms are all marble, with jacuzzi tub. Very spacious, tropical feel, large beds, cable tv, lots of storage space... beautiful view from balcony... the villas are like quaint little homes! Leave a dollar every day and your room will be cleaned to your liking-- if you wake up early enough!... all in all, this was like staying in paradise; it was really a surreal experience, we couldn't believe what we got for the price we paid. We will DEFINITELY be coming back here again and spreading the words to others so they will do the same!!If you have any questions, please feel free to e-mail me at [-]  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>darlene_s013
<Content>Hope to go back soon! We just recently stayed the Bahia Principe Punta Cana. It was our first all inclusive vacation and first time booking online with a company we heard good things about called Pricebeat.ca Our package was with Sunwing Vacations and went very well. Our week vacation went very well and we absolutely loved this resort. The beach was amazing 鈥?white sand and the water was so warm, clear and turquoise! The food was very good, especially the lobster on Friday nights. Overall we had an exceptional time and really enjoyed the nightly entertainment (Michael Jackson and Musical legend). We鈥檙e definitely planning on going back to the Bahia Principe in the near future!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelFun069
<Content>Beautiful Grounds - Service Spotty - Wedding Details Included My husband and I were married in June 2008 at the Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana. We had a rather large number (44) of guests attending the wedding and staying at the resort. We stayed for 9 nights and had guests that stayed as short as 3 days and as long as 7 days. Resort:The resort is rather large and parts of it are currently under construction. The lobby driveway was being remodeled and if you tried to use the Punta Cana side of the lobby during the day, it was absolutely horrible. Also, I鈥檓 sure the staff was doing harm to their hearing, and their nerves, as they tried to cope with working in such an environment. Most of the construction is not at all noticeable except for the fact that their numerous clubs (Golden, Diamond, Ambar, etc.) are very confusing with everyone mingled in together due to the construction. I鈥檓 still not 100% sure of what each of the clubs meant except that the Ambar section was adults-only and a little quieter and nicer than the other sections. The grounds are absolutely beautiful and perfectly maintained. The pools and decks are cleaned at night and the pools were always in wonderful condition. The main pool near the beach was always very crowded. The quietest pools were in either the Ambar, or Diamond areas as there were always plenty of umbrellas and chairs at these pools. The rooms were nice with a sitting area, bed and balcony. The bathrooms had jet tubs and were marble and tile. The bathrooms in the Ambar section are a little nicer with a separate walk-in shower, toilet area and tub. The spa was very nice. We had the 鈥渞elaxing鈥?couples massage and it was definitely relaxing. We also used the water therapy area. It was the neatest thing I鈥檝e seen. It had two big pools 鈥?one slightly warmer that the other with all kinds of different bubbles and massaging options. There was also a small and very cold 鈥減ool鈥?or sorts. There were also saunas and steam rooms with different temperatures. It had several types of showers including a rain shower, bucket, and a therapeutic (my favorite)! However, the prices are comparable to the U.S. and aren鈥檛 a really great bargain ($72 USD each for a couples massage.)Restaurants: The service at some of the restaurants was definitely lacking and spotty at times. Sometimes the service was wonderful and sometimes you were begging to get a drink while you sat at you table. We ate at the BBQ restaurant which is on the beach and has made to order steaks, pork chops etc, a salad bar and dessert bar. The service here was quite good both times we ate there and you were able to enjoy the sounds of the ocean. We also ate at the Italian restaurant, which was quite good, and the service wasn鈥檛 at all bad here. There was a salad and appetizer bar including a bruschetta bar, salad bar, tomato bisque, carpaccio, olives, and other 鈥淚talian鈥?appetizers. You then chose a main course. The pizza was quite good at the Italian restaurant. The lobster pasta was relatively good. Some of the seafood options at the Italian restaurant were mediocre. The Seafood restaurant鈥檚 appetizers were wonderful and included fried fish, calamari, steamed shrimp, shrimp cocktail, and a seafood soup. The main dishes were not that good and we saw several other families just having the appetizers and salad for dinner. We also tried out the Garden Grill, which was wonderful both times we ate there. The skirt steak was delicious and the 鈥淟ouisiana Corn Chowder鈥?was outstanding. The dessert bar throughout the restaurants was pretty much the same and relatively good. The bananas drizzled in chocolate, fruit selection, ice cream, and mouse were all quite good. The main buffet was quite good and although it did get a little repetitive, everything was still above average for an all-inclusive resort. Reservations were hard to come by (you have to make them in person at Guest Services, though some of our family said they were able to call to make them) and I recommend getting them as soon as you get to the resort. If they insist that the only thing that鈥檚 available is BBQ or nothing at all, just ask nicely again. You can also come back later, sometimes there are cancellations and you can get squeezed in. The drinks at the bars are very sweet and usually quite weak; however, we often times asked the bartenders to add more alcohol and they always complied. The best mixed drink we had while there was the capirinia. It鈥檚 very similar to a mojito, but, with lots of fresh lime instead of the mint. The margaritas were also quite good. In general, the drinks at the lobby bars were much better, and stronger, than those by the pool area. Maybe the resort is trying to save us from ourselves by making the drinks by the pool and beach a little weaker?! I think that some of the inadequate service was just due to growing pains that the resort is feeling since it is expanding and growing so rapidly. It also definitely has a big resort feel where you just feel like you are just another number. Wedding:Well, the actual events leading up to the wedding were the biggest disappointment of our trip. The actual wedding itself went off just fine. However, everything leading up to it was so unnecessarily stressful. Leading up to the big event, we tried to stay in contact with the resort and understand what we needed to decide in advance, however, it was nearly impossible to get in contact with anyone via email or phone. When we did get in contact with the resort, we were told we need to make a lot of decisions (restaurants, cakes, flowers) as far in advance as possible. However, the follow-up information was never sent to us. At one point we were told to provide our documentation (birth certificates, single affidavit, etc.) in advance, however, it ended up that we were suppose to provide this when we actually arrived at the resort. When we faxed in our deposit for the wedding (9 months in advance) we reserved the restaurants, however, when we got there those weren鈥檛 available and we went with the BBQ for the rehearsal dinner and the Garden Grill for the reception. (Both restaurants turned out fine and the food was delicious.) We went through 鈥淲eDo鈥?wedding documentation to get all of our paperwork in order for the wedding. They were so easy to work, very responsive and had a very quick turn around.We got to the resort, had lunch and then went immediately to check with the wedding coordinator. We were scheduled to meet with her the next evening at 5 (two days before the wedding.) At the meeting we picked flowers, cake (chocolate or vanilla), menus etc. We were told the wedding would be at 11 am instead of 4 pm. This is the hottest time of the day and there is no shade at the wedding gazebo. We were quite insistent that we have the 4 pm time instead since that was what our deposit said that was the best time for us. The coordinator did not admit that there was a scheduling mistake with the judge until we found the form we sent in and pressed the issue. She then said there was a scheduling mistake. She then said she鈥檇 try to schedule a different time with the judge if his schedule allowed. Up until 5:30 the day before the wedding, the time was still up in the air. The most difficult part of this was that the hotel had started telling our guests that the wedding would be at 11 the next day so we had a huge communication problem. Also, we checked with the wedding coordinator 3 times prior to 5:30 on the day before the wedding and kept being told that she would know in the next 30 minutes, hour etc. and never had an idea until early evening. We ended up with a compromise and the judge came at 11 to do the paperwork and we had the service at 5 pm that evening. Which worked out fine for our schedule.The day of the wedding it poured all day long. Which is somewhat ironic since it didn鈥檛 rain any other day during our stay. Oh well, I guess we didn鈥檛 take valuable beach time away from our guests since they couldn鈥檛 be at the beach or pool anyway. The resort was very accommodating with the rain 鈥?although we had to insist on trolleys for our guests. So at 2pm a decision was made on the weather and it was decided that the ceremony would be inside at the Garden Grill terrace. This worked out just fine, however, my maid of honor had to call around to all of the guests and let them know the location had been changes due to the weather. The wedding coordinator had schedule a hair appointment at the spa for the bride at 2 pm the day of the wedding. When we arrived at the spa, apparently they didn鈥檛 have the appointment on the books and just kept telling me that there was no appointment. With time quickly fleeting, I decided to do my own hair and went back to the room. The flowers arrived as scheduled in my room. While they were slightly different from what we had ordered, they were still beautiful. A trolley arrived to take the bride, bridesmaids, and flower girls to the wedding location. We got dressed at the garden grill due to the weather and the ceremony went nicely. The band was a lot of fun! The actual ceremony is very short if you haven鈥檛 written your own vows and don鈥檛 have any readings. There were mimosas and champagne. We took trolleys to the lobby for drinks and pictures. We had lots of guests taking our picture 鈥?a little weird! Afterward, the trolleys took everyone back to the garden grill for dinner. Much to our dismay, the restaurant had lost our seating cards with everyone鈥檚 seating assignments and there were only numbers on the tables. The dinner was nice and the service was quite good 鈥?chicken caesar salad, Louisiana corn chowder, skirt steak with mashed potatoes and eggplant, pineapple 鈥渃obbler鈥?(really just glazed pineapple) with ice cream. The cake was lovely and quite nice. We then moved everyone into the second room of the terrace for dancing and mingling. We brought our own music on an I-pod and the resort provided the speakers and cables. We did bring our own cables just in case we needed them. The turndown service included floral arrangements throughout the room and flowers on the bed. Breakfast arrived in the room late the next morning, however, it did arrive. It included champagne, juice, coffee, rolls  croissants, fruit and yogurt. We had a wonderful wedding party that coordinated a lot of things for us and insisted on the trolleys due to the weather and an opportunity for the guests to have happy hour. The wedding party also coordinated the flow of people and straightened out the seating arrangements when our seating cards went missing. Everything wouldn鈥檛 have been as nice had they not taken care of all of these details for us!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	3	2	2	

<Author>NickandKat
<Content>Avoid this place if you are American, 5 stars my ***! I went to this hotel for three nights for a friend's wedding and was rather disappointed. The beach was beautiful and the pools were rather nice, everything else..... not so nice. Check-in: JACKHAMMERS!!!!!!!!!!!! It was insane, I mean like a war zone and it went on all day and for hours on end. It's probably done by now (Pray it is if you made the mistake of coming here soon) but how could you put people through that, this is supposed to be a vacation. You have to come to the lobby for most of your meals, and being hungover and hearing deafening jackhammers (i am not exaggerating, our group just started laughing at how insanely loud it the noise was.) Facilities: Lack of AC in lobby or most hang out areas really was unpleasant in that heat, especially at night when you want to relax and have some drinks. The resort is also way too big, hard to keep a big group together, and who wants to have to ride a tram from one end of the resort to the other. They also have way too many bracelet types and it is extremely confusing. I had a Golden Club bracelet which got me 15 minutes internet access in some random Hut (not kidding) and 24 hour room service (which was so gross, ugh, feeling sick thinking about the food)Staff: This place does not really cater to English speaking people. I understand when visiting a country to speak their language as much as possible but people in key positions such as receptions should speak English fluently. I found the staff to be downright rude and nasty at some points. Other times they were very friendly, a mixed bag I guess.Rooms: Awful beds, like a rock. I know multiple people who had sore backs. AC-does not work very well, took my room almost two days to get somewhat cool. You have to leave a card in a slot when you walk-in (Hint any card will work) to keep the power on and they also make you pay to use the safe in your room which is just silly. Beach/Pools: Really beautiful. Nice water, couple of bars easily accessible, plenty of shade. We were there in June and finding a chair or spot in the shade was fairly easy. Only complaint is the activities people who blast what they are doing on giant loudspeakers so the whole beach can hear them and takes away from relaxing. Didn't really hang out in the pool too much but had swim-up bars and was really nice.Wedding: I felt awful for my friend who had his wedding here. There were so many screw-ups by the staff that were inexcusable, and they didn't seem to care at all about screwing up. I could go into more details, but in general I would strongly recommend that you do not have a wedding here.Food: Disgusting, inedible,....... I could go on and on.....Lunch food makes you long for cafeteria quality food. I really do not know how anyone could like the food here. No one on our trip liked the food. When we left and found a Wendy's at the airport, we were all so excited (I normally hate fast food, but Wendy's kicked [----] compared to the 5 star Bahia Principe).Warning: My friend had his camera stolen from his checked bag, somewhere btw checking in at the United States and when he checked into his room, so keep anything valuable on you.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	2	1	

<Author>Rodzesilva
<Content>* Perfect Holidays! *       Desert Beach  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Cpalm
<Content>Good times at Bahia Principe Stayed at Bahia Principe June 8th - June 15th. I'll start with the Punta Cana airport. Cute and quant and not airconditioned. Seems that they need to work on the schedule of multiple planes arriving at once since it can't handle large crowds. Overall, it still moved along pretty fast. Lines looked overwhelming but moved quickly. Just like in Cancun, baggage handlers try and get your bags for tips. Walk right past them to your travel rep. We booked with Apple Vacations and had a great experience. Buses were clearly marked and easier to find than in Cancun. Check in moved quickly and 2 out of our 3 rooms were ready well before check in time of 3:00pm. Carts take you and luggage directly to your room. Rooms were clean but nothing spectacular. Linens were rather stained but were changed daily. It was sometimes difficult to get a full set of towels for each person in the room. Beware of treacherous entry in and out of tub/shower. My dad fell on his first trip out of the shower. There is only a partial glass wall and the water gets all over. It's a rather steep step out of the tub with no grab bar to hold on to. If any traveler has physical limitations, it would be very difficult to manage. Rooms all come equipped with umbrellas which were really appreciated the day it poured all day and night. The rain also brought out the flying insects and our room was loaded with the wings from these critters. Not the bugs themselves, just the wings everywhere.Grounds are very well kept. The resort is large but easy to learn your way around. It's not really a bad walk however in the heat of the day, it's miserable. Never had a bad wait for the trolley and there were 7 of us. Food was your standard buffet. There are different theme nights in the buffet. Mexican night was our favorite. The ala carte restaurants were OK. Nothing spectacular. Most of these restaurants still have a partial buffet for salads and appetizers. Too many servers waiting on you that all expect a tip. The frozen drinks all tasted the same to me. They come out of a machine so don't expect great drinks. The lobby bar was by far the best. Pools were all very nice. Pool by the beach got very crowded late in the afternoon. Never had a problem finding beach or pool chairs even in the shade. We went down about 8:30am to get our same spot but if you're not picky about where you want to sit, there were plenty chairs in sun or shade. You can't walk out very far into the ocean which was disappointing. It's a fairly quick drop off. We preferred the beaches in the Riviera Maya.We did the banana boats, parasail (overpriced), and sunset cruise. I highly recommend the sunset cruise even though you won't actually see the sunset you'll have a great time. For $35 each, you'll get a 2 hour ride which includes snorkeling and all the rum and cokes you can drink. You'll also stop at an area off shore that is only chest high and party with all the other boats. We all had a great time and the ages ranged from 71 to 18. Don't bother taking a taxi to the shopping in Punta Cana. It was $40 each way for 4 people. Shopping plaza at the hotel has cute little shops. The cart vendors are all very annoying and by the 2nd night, I had enough of them to never want to go back. They won't let up until you buy something from them. The help at the hotel were all very friendly. Most speak only Spanish but heck, that's their native language. A few phrases of Spanish will be helpful. My biggest complaint was the rudeness of the other guests. Smokers everywhere not caring about anyone else. People walking down the paths 3 deep and not moving when approached by people from the other direction. It's as if they think they own the sidewalk. Trolley riders not wanting to move over to share their seats. People watching the evening shows and talking loudly over the music to be heard. If you want conversation, go to the lobby bar so the rest of us can enjoy the shows. The room below me called security on us saying we were too loud. We were sound asleep when someone came knocking on my door at midnight and then called the room because I didn't answer the door. Unless I was dead, I couldn't possibly have been any quieter than sound asleep. When I confronted the man on why he called, he was a total jerk. I will say the worst part of the entire trip was the complete disregard of other people by the guests. Overall, we had a great time and dispite some minor inconveniences, I would recommend this hotel to others. Just don't expect a 5 star hotel. The trip is what you make of it.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>flynupe
<Content>A Very Awsome Resort!!!!!!!!! We are hosting a group function in the Dominican Republic in Punta Cana in October of 2008, and we went to visit the Bahia Principe Punta Cana on June 26th. Lets start:1. Upon arrival the lobby of the resort is awsome... We were warmly greeted by one of the staff, and even though there english is slight you were able to understand them, and know they were glad you were there.2. The property is so well maintained, groomed, and beautiful. The swimming pools were all clear, clean , and just allowing the sun to shine bright on top. The beach was even beautiful. 3. The rooms were nice, and clean. When i arrived in the room the first thing i looked for was bugs, and i didnt see not one as long as i stayed (hooray). Please tip housekeeping because its true if you tip them they continue to bring you new towles, lotion, etc.4. The food; Now some foods were much better than other, but people have different taste buds. My favorite foods were the seafood, japanennese, and the grilled burgers by the beach. The drinks should be another time that you tip the bartender and the drinks were the bomb..I was getting my drink on 4real ...5. The staff; Again you just have to understand they speak total spanish there, and there english is slight, but everyone was we talk to was friendly, they were always trying to make to fill at home ... I just would like them to be able to slow down when there speaking so others can understand. The safe in the rooms is expensive (lower that price is outragious) lol lol 6. nightlife/entertainment; I think they need to get new things to impress the guest, because I wasnt. I didnt let that spoil my visit.overall.. I enjoyed myself, and cant wait to my 50 friends come down to the resort so they can have a awsome time and this awsome resort.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>MKmontreal
<Content>If you're looking to loose weight! The beach was beautiful, the hotel was clean... the only problem was the food..... the food was very much terrible, get ready to go on a FORCED DIET for week.... the only thing that tasted relatively good were the cereals in the morning... My mother even got sick from the food.... If you're looking to loose weight, this is the resort to go to!!! Terrible food, and long amazing beaches on which you can walk to burn that extra fat. By the end of the week, I was glad to come home to my fridge!!!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	3	1	

<Author>Trexim
<Content>7 glorious days at GBP Punta Cana       GBP Bavaro courtyard  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>LinusMtl
<Content>Great but forget Golden Visited the GB from June 8 to 15. Most people here have it right, the buffet is good but not 5 stars (I never saw good seafood), the beach is beautiful (but nowhere close to Varadero Cuba), the rooms are well-appointed and the grounds beautiful. Some staff is very nice, some don't bother, it's uneven. The drinks are so watered down my 2 year-old stole a taste of the Coco Loco and wanted more!!!! That's how much you don't taste the rum... Too big for me, really, but my toddler loved the mini-train so we learned to live with it.That said, one BIG warning. I don't know what regular booking is like but the Royal Golden was a major disappointment. We went to the Iberostar last year and, in comparison, I did not see any superior service here, certainly not the kind you pay extra for. Sure, we were near the beach (and away from the major construction site next door!), but that's it. Restaurant reservations were hard to get and you had to present yourself at the office, couldn't do it by phone. The safe box is not included. While all Golden buildings are near the beach, the office handling you is at the Club House (as in the other end of the resort), where the Premium Bar sits there among the desk and computers !!! who bothers !!! (Honestly, we're not drinkers so we didn't care but it looked ridiculous and gimmicky.) Basically, if you ask me, the Royal Golden is nothing but an excuse to make you pay for rooms near the beach, anything else attached to it is par for a 4-5 star hotel, not premium service.I would say, get yourself a good travel agent that can book you close to the sea without going Golden, on the side of the property away from construction and you'll enjoy AND save.Would we recommend? Yes. But this is not a 5 star and the swimming is better in Cuba. Have a good one anyways.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	4	4	

<Author>diamond223
<Content>Best holiday ever We stayed at the hotel between 23rd May and 6th June. We travelled with our 3 children aged 13, 11 and 9. Overall it was a fantastic holiday that we all enjoyed. This was our first time in the DR and would definetly go back. The hotel is split into two which are mirror images of each other each with its own reception and buffet restaurant. We were in the punta cana side.The hotel is huge but getting about isn't a problem. They have shuttle buses which run from the lobby down to the main pool next to the beach. You will never have to wait more than a couple of minutes to get on one. Even though it is big you never feel as if it is crowded or busy. The hotel is immaculate they have people working constantly keeping it clean and tidy. The grounds are beautiful and very well maintained.We travelled with first choice and on arrival at the airport we were directed to an air conditioned coach. There is a hotel representative on the coach who hands out your wrist bands, room keys and checks you in whilst on the way to the hotel, so when you arrive you can go straight to your room. On arrival there is a welcome drink provided and woman in national dress dancing to the hotels theme music greet you. Your cases are loaded onto a cart and you are taken to your room by the bell boys.We had interconnecting rooms which were on the ground floor. The rooms are big and clean. Our room had a superking size bed and the kids had 2 double beds both rooms had a sofa/bed. The bathrooms are marble with a jacuzzi bath with shower over the bath. There was always plenty of hot water whenever you needed it. There is a mini bar in the room which contains bottled water, pepsi, diet pepsi, 7up, red rock(like fanta) and local beer which is not bad! It is restocked daily by the maid. The maid does a wonderful job. Quite often towel art and even balloons were left. I was a bit worried about bugs as we were on the ground floor. I did put a towel at the door just in case, we saw 3 cockroaches during the whole fortnight. There was a few mosquitoes and we all got bit at some point.The food was good in all the restaurants. Breakfast had the usual fayre of eggs bacon coissants and fresh fruit. Fresh ommlettes with whatever you want on them are cooked in front of you. For lunch we ate at the buffet restaurant most days. There is plenty of food to choose from and we all found something that we liked every day (even the kids who are quite fussy). They have themed nights giving you something different but still offering basic food such as burgers and chicken for the less adventurous pallets. The waiters work hard and bring you your drinks quickly and will bring you a fresh one even if you don't ask. We only ate at the italian and garden grill restaurants both of these were good. They need to be booked in advance in guest services adjacent to the reception desk. The snack bar at the main pool was good but quite basic food on offer.The pools and beach are fantastic. The beach is long with white sand , palm trees and blue sea what more can you ask for! The pools are big but shallow no need to worry about the kids being out of their depth. There is plenty of sunbeds and we didn't have a problem finding ones with shade. No need to put towels out at the crack of dawn here!We went on a couple of trips. My daughter and i went horseriding on the beach which was excellent i agree with previous comments that the horses were not in good condition. The other trip was too the marinarium where you snorkel on a reef then you are taken to a holding pen where you swim with nurse sharks and rays. This also was excellent and good fun. My husband and older two kids learned two scuba dive and the people who work at the water sports centre are very enthusiastic and they were well looked after. Every day they offer free try outs of scuba in the main pool.The staff don't speak a lot of english but it is a foreign country. They do appreciate it if you have a go at speaking spanish. We did tip during the holiday although it is not compulsary. A dollar or two is much appreciated by the maids, waiters and bar staff. We would suggest you take US Dollars instead of DR Peso's as anything you buy will be offered firstly in US Dollars and as the exchange rate is good against the dollar you should only take them.The only negative of the holiday is we had our camera stolen in the second week. It was taken off the table we were sitting at while watching a show. You can be lulled into thinking nothing like this could happen in such an idillic place.Overall it was an excellent holiday and we will definetly be going back.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>kellyToronto_Canada
<Content>Waste of money and time My boyfriend and I heard it was a great place from some friends who gushed how great and amazing it was. We had high expectations and were looking forward to our trip.The hotel resort is HUGE and absolutely beautiful, well-cared for and there's security everywhere.The food is okay, nothing awe-inspiring but we weren't expecting much in the first place, since it is, after all, a third world country. We managed to find food we liked to get us by. But our friends who came with us did get bouts of cramping and diaarhea.The staff were a bit snobby, no one was down-right rude but they weren't very warm either. Alot of them looked quite bored being there. At one point my boyfriend asked three different staff members where the bathroom was and they all gave three entirely different answers. The beach and poolside is beautiful and clean. Except for one thing. The minute you stepped into the ocean all you smelled was gasoline from all the boats passing by. It was sun, water and gasoline all day long. Unlike Cuba, the dominican had no fish in their water. If the fish can't stay in the gasoline-infested ocean neither were we. We discovered on the 4th day of our trip that we were missing some money. My boyfriend and I bring money solely for tips during our stay. We took half of the money out with us and left the remainder in the lining of our suitcase. We didn't want to use the safe because it was $70 a day to rent and if the safe malfunctioned we'd be screwed. Everyday my boyfriend would count the money in our suitcase. On the fourth day we were $130 short. The only person in our room was the maid. Since we had no proof we couldn't accuse her (especially in a country that wasn't ours). But she never looked us in the eye when we would greet her and the day after the money dissapeared a brand new maid came to clean our room.  What angers me the most is that we tipped her $10 the first day we got there!  This trip was not at all relaxing. If anything I came back even more tense and agitated, and feel really stupid for treating people so nicely when, obviously, they did not feel the same way.  The only thing going for this resort is that it looks pretty.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	4	4	5	1	3	

<Author>A2008
<Content>Awesome!!       AMAZING  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FunInTheSun423
<Content>Great Vacation!!!       View from our palapa  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>threesunlovers
<Content>One of the BEST!       Great Beach  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>dubdoll23
<Content>Royal Golden at Gran Bahia Principe       pooool  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>3SPOONFED
<Content>Excellent All The Way       OUR NEW FOUND FRIENDS  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HappyGoLuckyMontreal
<Content>Dishonest front desk staff WARNING: DISHONEST FRONT DESK STAFF.The resort is beautiful, clean, food is better than expected; some nights were hit or miss. A'la carte: Try the grill can't go wrong with BBQ....request well done ribs unless you like it bloody...Japanese restaurant not the greatest, can't expect good Japanese in DR.....Overall it was a pleasant trip except for the last day when the front desk staff (Julio) tried to rip us off by over charging our phone bill to pocket the money for himself...which resulted in us missing our bus to the Airport...long story...wasn't happy. Very dishonest individual. Bon Voyage  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coconut08
<Content>Great Vacation!       A cool thing about our buffet was that there was always food sculpture, like this or carved melo  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>pumpkinOntario
<Content>Awesome!!       Sand between your toes.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cheapcheapy
<Content>Ambar Upgrade, Loved every minute ! We stayed at the resort from the 17 to the 24 of May.  Like you I have read many reviews about the resort prior to my stay. I would suggest you stop now if you have already booked at this resort, reading too many reviews can definitely take the wind out of your sails and leave you with tons of useless information. All you need to know is to bring lots of sunscreen, 20 bucks each to get out of the country, under pack your bags, and that the hotel is amazing food, service, facilities etc. Anyways, our stay was excellent! We had requested online prior to arrival an ocean view room, which we received. When we checked in we immediately were upgraded to the Ambar adults section which was awesome. I would suggest this upgrade to any adults traveling without kids, you get your own buffet, restaurants, pool, bars, tram etc. You can also use any of the other sections facilities (bravaro, and punta cana) except the buffets. You have to use your buffet, which is the best of the three anyways. The service was exceptional with only a few minor complaints. Maid, very nice all the staff was very friendly, language barrier an obvious issue but nothing you can鈥檛 manage. Our Sunwing rep was very helpful and made our stay easier; Sunwing in general was very good. Food is good, a lot of selection and some favorites for me. You do need to keep in mind that you are in another country and that the food generally tastes different. Presentation at the restaurants a big wow, which is a good thing but they are not like restaurants back home. Drinks also very good, enjoyed the beer and the red wine for dinner. I tried everything and then some, I suggest you do the same since you鈥檙e a paying for it. Never was sick or any diarrhea which I was surprised considering I ate and drank like a champ for seven days straight. Facilities, lots to do. Beach front is nice however swimming and snorkeling is limited due to boats passing by. Pools, clean and very refreshing. Yes limited shade so do the towel thing before you attend the buffet breakfast. Day trip. Country safari, was okay, slow pace yet very informational. Being our first trip the hotel overall was exceptional, weather was excellent and would not blink an eye if asked to go back.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Lady_Liverpudlian
<Content>An English Perspective We stayed as group of 12 including our 4 year old for our wedding from May 9th to May 23rd. We were booked into the Punta Cana side and myself and my partner were automatically upgraded to Diamond. This didnt mean much. Just that we could use the Diamond pool and eat at other restaurants. We didnt use any but settled for what the rest of the wedding party could use. We were told on booking our wedding that we could have a room upgrade but when we asked about it whilst checking in they said all rooms are the same and that no upgrade was available. Maybe without our daughter they may have put us in the Ambar section for adults only?? There were a couple of snags with what we should have had in our room on arrival as bride and groom and 10 days into the holiday and 5 days after the wedding we got our welcome gifts. I noticed people who had paid for the upgrade had their welcome gifts handed to them immediately. But a few visits to reception and speaking with the wedding co-ordinator we finally got them. Not worth waiting for really. A figurine that broke, small bottle of rum and a t.shirt each. We should have had a basket of fruit on arrival but I couldnt be bothered to ask anymore. I'll narrow things down.....Cleanliness / Service: It is spotless and there are constantly people working whether it be in the grounds themselves, maids doing rooms, and a few times we noticed managers looking over everything to make sure everything was up to scratch. We left a tip everynight as a group after meals,breakfast and tipped at the bar. A dollar isn't mush to us compared to what they earn in a month. One waitress in the main lobby said they earn $200 every 30 days which to us could be a days wages. (拢100) This lady in particular worked away from her 3 children to make a living and was due to have a weeks holiday to go and see them. You see the same people working at breakfast and again later that day for evening meals. Our maid wasn't the best compared to what other people in our group had. We had 1 towel sculpture when we arrived and had no more until 4 days later when my partner gave her $10 and asked her to do one as a romantic gesture. We stupidly thought we may have them more regularly as we left more tips. But she didnt. It is petty but maybe we had the moody one? The rooms were clean and we always had towels but I thought the it could be a little more updated. It didnt feel like a 5 star hotel when you were in your room. More like a 3 or 4. Food: There seems to be a debate on this subject but each to their own! I am a fussy eater unlike my husband who will willingly try anything. Breakfast was ok. We are cereal eaters of a morning but I knew the milk would be different so we didnt even attempt to have any. I stuck with toast for most of the time and only missed it a couple of days when we felt a bit worse for wear!! The oddest thing was mashed potato at breakfast??! Lunch / Dinner was ok. Big choice of salad etc and the usual chips,burgers,chicken,pizza,pasta. Again I stuck to these type of foods to be on the safe side but the other half tried most of it. It wasn't very hot but to be honest you had to make do or not eat. I would definately recommend the Japanese. We went twice and it was fab. Especially if you are in a group and get your own chef. The Italian is also nice. We had our wedding meal in the terrace attached to the restaurant and we had a ball!! The others weren't very nice. The Garden Grill is vile, bbq the same sort of food just that its outside and by the beach. Mexican we didnt try because we heard that was horrible and the fish restaurant we couldnt reserve. We didnt reserve as soon as we arrived. Our best man booked a few group meals but when we went to book one we still had our 6 for the 2 weeks left. Evening activities - Although we have a child we still like a bit of variety on the evenings. Once the show had finished it meant all trudging round to the square only to watch the same thing each night. Even if it wasn't the same it sounded it. From there if your in a family its basically home time. The karaoke bar was open til 1am but for the size of the hotel its not very big and very rowdy. Especially when the yanks were there. They are so loud! I think they like the sound of their own voice because even by the pool or restaurants they had the volume turned up a few notches. This does not go for all of them so I am not tarnishing them with the same brush!! The disco til 2am was so-so. Music was ok from time to time but for the variety of nationalities they had to cater for everyone. We didnt meet many English but there are a range of foreigners from Argentinians to Canadians. Overall the evenings were the same. Not very exciting and quite repetitive.Pools - We stayed by our pool most of the time which was one of the smaller ones on the Punta Cana side in the middle of the complex. We did venture down to the beach pool but it was too crowded and noisy (again a lot a shouting and voices raised) so we stayed away. The snack bar down there was awful. Alot of flies which I know are unavoidable but still horrible. The food as usual was cold to warm and seeing poeple walk round in thongs in the eating area didnt exactly help our appetite. If you missed breakfast and were hungry you had no choice but to go to the pool snack bar. It was a bit of a hike and not even worth it. We thought it would have been better if they had a few snacks at the other pools. It is a nice hotel but I dont think I would return. Its big but good enough to not see the same people twice. There are lots of other classy hotels along the same beach so I think I would prefer to try them out. Staff are lovely.Its clean and you can make the holiday what you want it to be.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelingMel5
<Content>The only problem... I had to leave! Loved the Bahia!       Beautiful beach....  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Canadian_Traveller14
<Content>food was fantastic from the minute we arrived to 14 days later it was nothing but outstanding. the food was out of this world, the rooms were very clean and roomy. the pools very clean and never crowded. the beach was AMAZING!!!!! the ocean was always warm and never any seaweed or yuck.the best meal was our lobster supper in a small outdoor restaurant in the premier section never got the name, but the dinner was superb. try the lobster domincan style. would definetely go back. also the nightly entertainment was wonderful especilly michael Jackson night on monday  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MDEVO
<Content>Nice Place.....but Very Large...... Well, it was a very nice place, and the service was very good. Best check in/check out we've ever had! We made a few requests prior to arriving, and all were provided. The kids club is excellent, our friends had twin 5yr olds with them and they utilized it all week. Food was OK. With our package (Bavaro) we had to eat at the buffet alot, so it became a bit bland after a few days. We could only get 3 reservations, Japaneese, French, and BBQ Grill, in my opinion they were all better than the buffet. You wont go hungry, as there is alot of variety.You can not go wrong with the beach, it is busy but fantastic. Use the water taxis, it is a great way to explore. We also enjoyed the sunset tour, it was well worth the money.Only problem I had was the size. Too big for me. My wife loved it, and the size was not an issue for her. She wants to return, I dont. But she will probably win that battle!Simply put......We had a great vacation.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>johnhereford
<Content>brill holiday alan  we spent 2 weeks at the bahia principe and we we could not fault any thing . when we arrived we had a welcome reception with D/M /R dancing girls plus a musical trio.and a welcome drink.our room was spotless and the maid ama was very good.the gardens where very tidy and well kept and the gardeners work very hard indeed . all in all it rates as one of the best holidays we have had.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carolatthame
<Content>Holiday from hell Gran Bahi Principe BavaroMay 27th 2008member Thame OxonHoliday From HellJust got back Bavaro never had a holiday like this ever and whish not to go throught this again. The Buffett food was cold uncooked and tasteless went to the garden grill for a meal 1st time meal came out cold called the waiter which he exchanged for me waited 10 mins for it to re apear yet again cold had a word with the resterant manager no joy didnt understand me, so i went to reception was told no manager about after a few heated words the night manager apeared from nowhere, he then got us in to the Italian resturant ordered our meal which was the pork loin cut straight in to check and blood come running out no joy again with the resteraunt manager all intal we did not eat evening meals for 6 night out of the 14 because the food was so bad. The reception staff are so ruid and will not let you speak to any managers at all unless you realy get irated.There is plenty of building work going on there and we sat in the diamond swimming pool everyday and all you could hear or seeis the builders working which is a 12 hour day. We paid extra to upgrade on this holiday and was not told that the Diamond was close also due to renovations plenty of building work going on there to. The only thing that this hotel as got going for them is the clean room and the hardworking maids.As some of you already pointed out the drinks taste watered down and when you ask for premuim drinks they give you local ones. I defentley think this hotel is the worst ive ever visited in the DR and will never go back there again and it is not a 5 star hotel more like 3star. I will be posting photos of the lovely building sites later.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	5	4	5	1	4	-1	

<Author>DorsetPoppet
<Content>A sea that will leave you breathless.       A stroll on the beach.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>worldtraveller0202
<Content>Loved it! But upgrade to Diamond       View from our room  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>rcassup
<Content>Hotel Service and Food are less than acceptable We just returned from the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana. It was the worst vacation I have ever had! The hotel itself is beautiful, the grounds are very well kept and clean, there are many things to do on the complex and the beach is AMAZING! Even with all these things going for it, the service and the food made this trip absolutly undesireable. We had a party of 30 and were there for a wedding. We were forced to eat buffect EVERY night as reservations for more than 2 people were unavailable at any of the a la carte restaurants. the buffet was the same bland food night after night. Breakfast often consited of the nights leftovers. The challenge was trying to eat as a group. There are 3 hotels on the complex, if y ou are staying in the punta cana section you can not eat at the bavaro buffet and so on... We arrived at 10:30am, we got the room key at 4:45pm and when we finaly got to the room, it had not been cleaned from the previous occupant!!! the AC was broken and took 2 days to fix, the fridge was broken and took 2 days to fix. We had to call each day for face clothes and the ironing board.When I approched the Mnager to expalin that we were unsatisfied he said that there was a HUGE pile of complaints and there was nothing that he could do for us.Thank God the wedding turned out beautiful....that was a perfect day..however we were stuck with food poisening the next day.I will never go back and do not reccomend this hotel.The kids clud is also not very entertaining for kids up to 6 years old. ( oitherwise they will be bored).  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	4	1	1	3	

<Author>tammyopera
<Content>The best yet! Wonderful       Beautiful  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>alf_girl
<Content>Nice, Clean, We were 8 Adults with no kids traveling together.Grounds very well kept,Rooms, nice suite with large bath.Housekeeping they did a great job.Buffet, (lobster on Friday nights was really good) Food was hot and large selection, but seemed a bit repetiveRestarants, Not that great. Would rather have buffet. We tried 4If you want some peace and Quite good luck trying to find a spot. (maybe in your room if there wern't people trying to cross your balcony, did I mention we were on the 3rd floor.. .idiots) Not the hotels fault.If you want to tip that's great, but don't tip to get better service chances are you wont see them again. (Place is too big)Too many people. Too many kids.  Tram(train) . There was 4 going most of the day. some where full.we couldn't relax... I know next time smaller resort . I think the Amber would've been a better choice. People from Bavaro side and the Punta Cana side are not allow at the Amber. Yes would've been better..  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Scout07
<Content>Good Time except..... why on earth the Hotel continues to book rooms facing a major construction site is beyond me. Especially, when the resort is only half full??? We booked through Signature Vacations, and despite our prior request of NOT WANTING TO OVERLOOK A CONSTRUCTION SITE, we ended up facing a construction site. We managed to change rooms, but it was a major inconvenience. Our experience with the front desk staff, who were rude and condescending while requesting our room change, was almost enough to ruin the entire image of this Hotel. However, we got another room and all was exceptionally good for the rest of the week. Here is our summary:THE VERY GOOD: Beach and Ocean. Clean, white sand, and clear blue water....very nice. Pool and Pool bar. Japanese A la Carte. Lobby and piano Bar, awesome drinks and atmosphere.The GOOD: Our 2nd Room, very clean, no bugs, great service, although we tipped the maid $2/day, which helped. French A La Carte. Activites, Volleyball, Watersports, Aerobics, etc....Michael Jackson and Musical legends shows. The staff, except front desk staff.The Fair: Buffet, kinda repetitive and bland but pretty much what one expects from Buffet food. Drinks, aside from piano bar. Watered down later in the day, typically stronger before noon and at the pool bar.The Nasty: The village with shops within the resort, and the mall via free shuttle, big freakin rip off! The disgusting beach BBQ restaurant, which has a guy cutting fresh fruit all day but no cook for cooking fresh hamburgers and hot dogs??? Precooked beef sitting out in the heat attracting fies all day????..real appetizing. The bread, mostly tasted like it was baked a year and a half ago... The nightime entertainment other than the shows listed above.The Ugly: The front desk staff and the Italian A La CarteIn summary, we'd go back but do beware, it is a big big resort so be prepared for lots of walking, although they do have a trolley if you wish to not walk. Also, calling cards bought in Canada dont appear to work down there.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>hali2cuba2008
<Content>Beautiful Resort - Just Not for Me My Fiance  I traveled to the Bahia on a one week vacation from May 3 to the 10th. I want to start by saying that we were very apprehensive about the size of this resort. It is indeed very large. I will suggest if you are a person who likes a smaller resort and a more intimate feel this isn't for you. HOWEVER - If you want a small feeling resort in the midst of a huge resort then book the Premiere section. A little hidden gem at the resort. However, the beach is still a tram ride away and you will have to go through the resort to get there.Now this being said the trams run all the time and are very functional. I was well aware of the lay out of the resort after 1 day. It isn't a hard resort to get around - it is just large. I am a small resort person so not getting that personal touch of knowing all the people at the resort and them remembering you. You definately aren't going to have this feeling at this resort. Now on to the positive aspects of this resort. Well that is everything. The resort is beautiful, the grounds are beautiful and the al la cartes that I went to ( Medetarian, Japanese  Italian) are all very good. The buffet was good - by far the best is the Saturday night gala buffet - I much prefer the beach restaurant for breakfast. The eggs at the buffet were undercooked everytime I asked for an omelet. My own fault - I should have insisted on it being cooked longer.Service - well everytime I asked for something it was brought right away. Now this being said we had to call front desk everyday to have our fridge filled up. But in all honesty it didn't matter. I called and would speak to the most friendliest person on the resort by far and he had housekeeping at our door within 5 mins. NOW - they do have some issues with organizational skills - keep this in mind. Our first night they called our room at 1 am to see if we were in it. Obviously they just didn't know who was in what room. This I think needs work but in all honesty if you saw the people coming and going everyday you would be like me and cut them a break.Beach - The beach is nice. The water is warm and has all the beautiful colors you see in the magazines. I will state that I much prefer the beaches of Cuba. Just mostly personal preference and the lack of the huge crowds. Chairs - as this seems to be a huge thing with tourists. We never had an issue finding them. I will state if you are looking for shade you might want to hit the beach before 10 am. But if you can tolerate sitting in the sun for an hour or so they do become available in the shade as the early risers are ready to retreat around 1 pm when the sun is the highest.People - I found in all circumstances that the men were friendly. I however didn't meet one woman who smiled or acted in one bit happy to see you. I know I hate putting on negative comments so don't blast me. I wanted to give a very truthful review and this is it. Excursion - Buggy tourIf you are a person up for a muddy adventure this is for you. 65.00 a person and you are gone for about 6 hrs. You spend roundly 3.5 hrs in your buggy. then you stop at a cave for a swim and do some very un orthodox horseback riding. I say this as it isn't your usual trail ride. I was able to have my horse go full tilt and run back and forth to my fiance when he was trailing behind. Airport - uneventful coming in - and the best entrance to any country I ever had - zero security hagglesLeaving - OMG what a terrible experience. I will leave it at that.Will I go back? Not likely. It is way too Americanized for me. Saying this I mean it has lost its identity as a seperate country. The people are very aggressive and don't mind asking you to tip them for selling you things. Too pushy for my liking and I don't like the whole bartering aspect and unmarked items. Just a personal preference.Therefore - If you are a person who wants to stay on the resort and not move - GO it is great.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>dwarfs
<Content>LOVED IT!! We stayed from May 9th -16th 2008. There are 2 hotels that are just alike gran bahia principe punta cana and the Bavaro.Thw weather there was excellent. Nice and warm and the humidity wasnt bad at all. We always use Apple Vacations for our travel they have always done a excellent job. We have been to Mexico 5 times and decided to try a new area and very glad we did. We traveled with a group of 8. No one got sick.O.k. I could go on and on.Food:buffets were good could find something to always eat. But after a week it seems to get old. Al A Carte we booked the BBQ it was average, Gormet (french rest) was very good. The Italian it was very good as well. We were not able to book the steak house due to lack of space. Beach  Pools:THere are very nice. Pools are keeped very clean. Swim up Bars are excellent!!!!Rooms:We seen no bugs in our room. The rooms are very nice and kept very clean. We stayed in 20112. Ceck in was very fast and easy My friend was put in the 2nd floor and due to a recent hip replacement needed to change her room to a first level floor. Was not a problem they fixed the problem in 10 minutes.Staff: Was very friendly and kind. We never had to wait for nothing the service was very good. Iris in the main buffet is the BEST!Tours:We went to Santo damingo was nice but a 4 hour bus ride there plus the 4 hour trip back was not worth the trip.Saona Island- very nice and fun!Safari Outback- our tour guide was Eddie. Very nice trip got to see how the people live there.buffet they severed was the best food we ate on the trip! And they served lots of drinks!!!!!I have read many Bad reviews on this hotel that were getting me worried before we went on vacaction. But some people would complain if they were hung with a new rope. Remember you are on VACATION ENJOY IT!!!!  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Gary1326
<Content>Great Resort - Did'nt Want to Leave       Beach Looking South  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Paul-Nicki
<Content>Excellent Just got back from a 2 week stay at the Bahia  what can I say!! The holiday was fantastic as was the hotel  all of the staff. Me  my partner stayed in Amber which is adults only, this complex had it's own pool  our apartment was a stones throw from the pool/beach  lobby bar. The beach was out of this world, plenty of beds but get out early if you want shade. Many different restaurants to choose from, you had a choice of 3 A La Carte restaurants a week, Mexican, seafood, Italian, Gourmet plus many more. ALL DELICIOUS!! The hotel was beautiful  enormous but there was a tram that ran continually throughout the day. In the room we had a lovelly four poster bed, large bathroom with a seperate shower  jacuzzi bath, a mini bar that was always topped up by the maid  a coffee perculator so you could have fresh coffee when u woke up. All of the staff did a blinding job  were very friendly, happy all of the time  very appreciative with the odd tip here  there. Do not believe any of the bad comments, because honestly our only problem was with the tour operator, Thomsons. Me  my partner paid extra to fly premium, and we were not sat together for a whole 8/9 hrs which was very upsetting  towards the end of the holiday we spent around an hour trying to find out what time the coach was picking us up on our departure, this was of no fault of the hotel purely Thomsons. TIPS TO OFFER - Buy Some insect repellant as I got bitten quite a few times.Try the Coco loco  banana mama cocktails - LUSHKeep applying sunscreen as gets very hot during the dayIf it rains, don't panic, it only lasts a short whileENJOY, ENJOY, ENJOY  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>kcup
<Content>Better tha fine Hi, I've been in BP May first week; its pretty much as most of the comments you can read here, (good food, nice place, etc) so I just wanna talk about what I didnt find in the reviews.Have read before comments saying Dominicans were rude, but I found you just have to smile; they don't wanna like you just because you tip them, of course that could be a plus, but if you dont smile them SINCE the beginning forget about it, it doesn't matter how much tip you them, they will be rude or ignore you, for me it looks kind of a pride issue, wich is fine and positive, doesnt matter you have more money than them, they just wanna see you smile, as they do.The show at the Pueblo Principe was pretty fun and amusing, if you don't have a dance partner you can sit near the dance floor, there are entertainers who'll invite you to dance, don't be shy; they are very nice and quite good dancers. After an hour the show is done, so every body heads to the disco, and that's another story.The disco pretty sucks (did somebody say it before?) it smells, is small; they just open for 2 and a half hours and try along to fulfill all ages dance music tastes, they start with some Bee Gees and 70's, go through 80's, (miss the 90's,) and finish with lots of regaeton, no salsa at all, a bit of merengue and a bit of bachata; so here's a tip for the women traveling alone: don't stay in this resort, I felt kind of trap here; if you wanna go outside and try other discos it must to be taking a cab ($15 each way), I didn't feel safe to go by my own, so I went with a couple of guys I met, we didn't became friends, so it was kind of uncomfortable all the way back. The discos Outside, I just try Mangu, if you are in your 20ies it could be fun, I'm not so it wasnt, that's also why I recommend to go to the resorts wich are closer to the bavaro town, you'll be able to try other discos outside more than once; you can see in this map:http://i31.tinypic.com/oq93px.jpgstay til the Punta Cana Princess to the south side, indeed into the Punta Cana Princess is located Areito, another disco I have heard positive comments but didn't try this time; so THAT'S ONLY if you are traveling alone and are interested into the night life, if not, it doesn't really matter.As you should read before, the beach is just amazing, no towel game at the time I was there, guess it depends of the season; have been told at the main pool it wasn't the same, but in the others ones I found a place anytime.For Watter sports I highly recommend Scuba Caribe, they are not longer in Bahia Principe beach side, so you can find them at Riu's wich is just aside (see the map again please). I did scuba diving and even I got terrible sick once in open water (Tip: take dramamine half hour before) they were so much kind (thanks Hamlet!), I'll defiantly repeat the scuba next time.Hope this can help you, have a nice trip!  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Muriel803
<Content>Great trip! My husband and I stayed for 1 week in May - and we loved it!We went with Sunwing (booked through Expedia) and they couldn't have been more organized. The plane was a half hour early leaving Toronto. When we arrived we were immediately met by a Sunwing representative and put on a bus. We were given our room assignments and keys on the bus - so no waiting to check in at the hotel lobby. The staff were all very helpful and polite. Initially we were placed in a room facing the construction area - in the morning we went to the front desk and requested a move which was done right away.The rooms are quite large with a king size bed, sitting area and balcony. The bathrooms are modern and lots of hot water.Everything was extremely clean and well organized. We had a room overlooking the pool. The beach is amazing, and we could always find 2 chairs and shade (both on the beach and by the pool). Our check out was later in the day, so we stored our luggage and they have complementary showers in one of the main washrooms to freshen up before the flight.The resort is large (as people have commented on) but walking it is perfectly fine - even from one end to the other - for healthy people. For others (and us sometimes when we were tired) the little bus comes very frequently. I had read there were issues with bugs, but we didn't find that.We went out on the hobie cat about four times, which was fun.The food was okay - not fantastic - but not terrible - I think average. Certainly plentiful, presented nicely and very clean areas. I think it is difficult to serve great food for so many people anywhere. We loved the Grill a la carte restaurant. Don't get me wrong - there were good items at the buffet - but I wouldn't say outstanding.Overall, we had a fantastic time and were sad to leave.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Are_We_There_Yet2008
<Content>Not a Worry Free Vacation I am a mother of a 7 year old and 13 year old boys. My 13 year old is in the International Hospital in Bavaro with my husband. My son has gotten a bacterial infection from the hotel and is on an IV as I type and is receiving treatment. I am here at the resort with my 7 year old son waiting for them to come back to the resort, after 2 sleepless nights. I had plans to call my husband at 9 o'clock in the evening to find out how our son is doing and hopped on one of the resorts shuttle buses to make it back to our room. I informed the driver that I would like him to stop at villa 26. He responded si. Even though I sat right behind him he did not stop but proceeded to travel to the end of the long road. He went to the end of the road and stopped. It was my 7 yr old and I with this driver. I asked him why he did not stop and he motioned he would on the way back. I assumed he forgot. He ducked down, as not to be seen, and ate and drank. We were there for what seemed to be an eternity. I HAD MISSED MY WINDOW TO CALL ABOUT MY SON!!! I was upset and my 7 yr old looked worried. Another bus finally arrived and he began to move again. I asked him to stop at villa 26 and he replied no comprende. I was now very worried. I asked him to STOP, he replied no comprende. He did not stop till he was back at the front of the hotel. We are talking about a 15 minute trip. I went to talk to the manager on call and he did not seem concerned till I was visually upset and the other vacationers noticed. Then they became eager to accomodate. BUT... the bus with driver continued. I asked them to call the driver back....they DID NOT. The angrier I got and the more frustrated I got...only then did they begin to listen. I waited till his bus came by again and took a picture of him with my digital camera. I WILL BE POSTING IT WHEN I RETURN HOME!!! No upgrade or special treatment will take away a mothers worry for her son she was with and the other one in the hospital. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE for anyone traveling with young children for many reasons. Since this whole ordeal I have also found out that the police will not come to the hotel. Problems are to be resolved on the hotel. I asked 6 different employees for the telephone number and none new the number of the police. Maybe I should have tried 911. Thank you for listening and this has been a way for me to gather my thoughts and vent. While writting my review I have discovered what I will ask this hotel to do. I will ask them to drive me to the hospital. it's about 35 minutes away. I wonder how accomodating they will be when it does not involve a suite upgrade. When they really have to go out of their way. Please feel free to contact me if you would like more details.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>1	3	2	2	3	2	3	4	

<Author>travelbugz2006
<Content>The Good, The Bad and The Minor Inconveniences       Walkway towards Theater  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Howsitgoin
<Content>Do not listen to the negative reviews !!! I am really disappointed with all the negative reviews and for those people who maybe didn't go to this resort as a result. Please remember that these are the same people who walk around nit-picking at anything and everything throughout their entire life. A holiday is what you make of it and this resort is fantastic. The rooms are very clean, the grounds are immaculate, the people are very friendly and a heartfelt buenos dias or hola is appreciated. The buffet food is basic, yes, but there is plenty of variety and there is something for everyone. The a-la-carte restaurants are actually really good and the staff is very attentive. The people who complain about the staff are the ones who treat them as servants. Give respect, get respect. We talked to a lot of the staff and they are the warmest and nicest in the Carribean. Please consider this resort, you won't regret it !!! Shame on the negative reviewers !!! HINTS: bring little gifts, not only for the maids, but random acts of kindness to the gardeners and pool staff will be very appreciated and will make you feel good too. Bring an insulated mug, it keeps your drink cooler longer and you are saving the environment from all those plastic cups. Wear your sunscreen at all times during the day !!! Finally ... Relax, grab a cocktail and HAVE FUN !!!!!  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>domtra
<Content>Best Trip EVER!       Beach  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vouzoukos
<Content>absolutely recommend it! My husband and I arrived a few hours ago from a one week's stay at the Bahia Principe Bavaro. (May 2 - 9,2008)The service, facilities and staff were excellent.We highly recommend it. The buffet had an abundance of various foods which would cater to a number of food restricted individuals (I am vegetarian andmy husband has gluten restrictions). There a re several a la carte retaurants (Japanese, French,Brasilian, Gril Cafe,Mediterranean) which is a nice change from going tothe buffet ever day. The beach is endless.Overall, a fantastic vacation getaway!  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>canblue
<Content>Best Holiday Yet!       The Main Lobby  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Samie_8
<Content>Lovely place but... Really Big My Fiance and I - age 31  26 just returned fromteh Gran Bahia Principe - Bavaro. Our stay was from April 24 - May 1st.Over all we had a fantastic time. But this resort if huge. We stayed in RM 24105 which is close to the beach and I was still having a hard time finding my room on the last day of our vacation. It isn't the kind of resort that you can run back to your room to grab something you need. Running back to your rooms means jumping on a tram and going for a 15 -20 minutes ride.Check in - Fast and Easy.Golden vs Normal - we purchased the golden package. What that truly means is 4 a la carte dinners vs 3, tons of beach towels vs. Towel Card, a room close to the beach vs close to the main lobbies and buffet, access to 3 pool vs 2, Housecoats and slippers. If I were to do it again it wouldn't purchase the Golden package. Being closer to the beach means further away from the buffet. Food - Good enough. We always foudn something yummy.Beach - really nice. Busy - but you can always find a chair.Pool - well kept. There is 3 pools so your should always be able to find a chair.Shopping - Pueblo Principe is the shopping area. My advice - go into the stores and check out the pricing on items. You can't bargain with the stores. Then if you want to go bargain with the vendors go ahead. The vendors start their pricing 3 x what the stores are asking. So it might be cheaper just to purchase what you are looking for from the store if the vendor won't lower their price.Rooms - really nice. Maid service was great. Needed an iron and that arrived in 5 mins. Had an Alarm clock in our room. It didn't work and I asked for a replacement that never arrived. No bugs or anything. We did have a ground floor room.Entertainment - Okay. The shows were kinda boring so we didn't attend many.Activites - their wasn't much to do on the resort so we went and did a bunch of excursions.Swimming with the dolphins - a lot of fun but you only get to swin with the Dolphin for 10 minutes. That is located in a zoo. So after you can go see all the Animals.Half Day.Dunbugee - Boring. They just drive around the streets. I wouldn't do that again. Half day.Bavaro Runner Tour - great tour. You go horseback riding, then to a ranch farm, then lunch, then cigar factory then sugar cane field then a different beach. Its a full day tour but you get to learn a lot about the Domincan.Speed Boats and snokeling - this was the best one. You drive a speed boat about 15 mintues to a platform in the middle of the ocean to go snorkeling on a coral reef for an hour then you drive the the boat back. Half day but great experience.I would go back to Punta Cana again but I look for a smaller resort. This resort was really busy and big. I prefer something a little smaller.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>milehitraveller
<Content>Punta Cana is beautiful! My husband, kids (13 and 11 yrs.) and myself stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe for a week at the end of April. We chose to upgrade to the Golden package, hoping to get an ocean view room. We were in building 6 on the Punta Cana side. There are very few ocean view rooms at this resort, the buildings are basically one behind another鈥e could not see or hear the ocean from our room. The beach is very beautiful with soft, white sand. The waves are fun and manageable. My kids loved the boogie boards and parasailing. We didn鈥檛 have any trouble finding shade on the beach regardless of the time of day. We were disappointed that the beach bar closed at 5:00 PM each day. The pool bar closes at 5:30 PM. If you want a drink after 5:30 you have to go to the lobby bar which is a 10-minute walk. Not very convenient for all-inclusive. The bartenders are fun but the drinks are a little light, not a problem if you tell them mucho tequila!Rooms are nice, not luxurious but comfortable. The showers are interesting. There is a glass wall from the top of the tub to the ceiling, but it only goes about a third of the way down the length of the tub. After my daughter stepped out onto a very wet floor and slipped, we put a wash cloth at the end of the glass partition and also on the wall side to trap the water. We found the beds to be OK, but there is definitely not a pillow top mattress as the web site promises. Our room was cleaned thoroughly each day, furniture is moved away from the walls and the floors were scrubbed. Please remember to be generous with the housekeeping staff, they work extremely hard to keep the rooms looking nice. We loved the fresh flowers and towel art. We were on the ground floor and didn鈥檛 see any unwanted visitors (ants, roaches鈥?.Food is good鈥ach day we ate at the buffet for breakfast and lunch. The main buffet near the lobby offers many more breakfast and lunch choices than the other buffets that are more convenient to the beach. We ate at the Caf茅 French, the Grill, the Japanese, and the Mediterranean. Our Golden representative told us the buffet, the French and the Japanese restaurants on the Punta Cana and the Bavaro sides were the same. All of our meals we tasty, but I do have to warn you鈥t the Japanese restaurant, as the chef was preparing our meal in front of us, a roach scurried around the counter top. He pretended not to notice, but the 10 of us around the table noticed! I couldn鈥檛 help but think where there is one there are many! Each of the restaurants we went to were nearly empty, I鈥檓 not sure why it is difficult to get a 7:00 reservation as opposed to an 8:30. We had both, arrived early for the 8:30 and were seated right away with many tables available. Be prepared for a leisurely dinner at the ala cartes, it takes about 2 hours from start to finish.We went to 3 shows, The Lion King, Michael Jackson and Sexes vs. each other. The Lion King was good, younger kids would enjoy this show. Michael Jackson show was fun to watch. The Men vs. Women show was pretty lame. I was sorry to miss the international show, but do to our ala carte reservation time, we couldn鈥檛 make it.We golfed at the Punta Cana golf course, which is next door. It is very expensive and the course is not in very good shape. We made our tee time through the Golden Club and were told it would be $145. per adult, $45 for kids. When were arrived at the golf course, the kids were each $75. Ouch! If I had it to do again, I would look into a different course.One last note, this is a very poor area. We took toys and school supplies for the children. If you choose to do this, get in touch with Mike at mike@mikesmarina.info or [--]. Mike came by the resort to pick up our donations. Very simple and very worthwhile.We enjoyed our first visit to the Dominican Republic. Punta Cana is a beautiful place, I would love to go back some day鈥ut not to the Gran Bahia Principe. Next time we will try a different resort.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	2	4	3	3	4	

<Author>cljms
<Content>Good resort but watch your belongings My husband and I just came back from the Gran Bahia Principe. This was our 6th time in the caribbean. Been to Cuba 3 times, Punta Cana twice and the Mayan Riviera once. In a nutshell, good resort. Beautiful!! Beach is far from resort, however, the tram is always available to take you. For a 5 star hotel, I was suprised that some of the things like safety deposit box, and the banana boat were not included. We had to pay $35 for the box. Not a big deal deal but at 3 and 4 star hotels we have been to had the box included.Don't leave your belongings on the beach or by the pool. My husband had his sandals taken, his prescription sunglasses taken and I had a beach towel from home taken, on 3 separate occasions.The food is excellent, the service was good too. Good variety.The beach is....heavenly!!!! Miles of white sand and turquoise water. You can't ask for better.Pools are nice too. Kept very clean.There are vendors on the beach, about 45 min walk on the beach or you can take a boat taxi for about $5 per person. You must barter with them cause they will try and get more form you. The vendors are very aggresive so be prepared. They also want a lot of money for their goods so you really have to be firm and bring them down to what you are willing to pay. A neat experience though!! There are plenty of vendors right on the hotel property also in the courtyard so you really don't have to leave the resort if you prefer not to.The rooms were kept very clean. The maids really like little gifts from us. Things like cosmetics, toothbrushes and paste, and candy. They like anything really.Overall, a great time!! Beautiful place!! Aside from having our things taken, we had a good time, ate well, had great beach time. We would go back.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Constable82
<Content>Great hotel.. ideal for gorup travel I traveled with a group of approximatley 35 people from Toronto through Sunwing Vacations from April 26-May 3 2008 for a wedding.We arrived at the airport and found our bus. Check in was done on the bus to speed things up. First order of business once we got there, purchase the safe! It's very easy to use, and unlike many resorts doesn't require a physical key but rather a combination you pick.The resort itself is beautiful. The grounds are in immaculate condition. The lobby is spotless, as are the restaurants. The rooms are great. We had one queen size plus one full size couch, that didn't pull out but still by all accounts, was very comfortable. Maid service was excellent. One day I requested mucho cerveza por favor, which I didn't get- a quick call to room service rectified that. The pools were spectacular. 3 swim up bars in total. One for regular guests, one for diamond and club hacienda principe guests, plus one  party pool located right at the beach. All three seemed to be very clean and fun places to be. This is VERY important. If you are getting a slushie drink ( daiquiri, margarita or the like) not all bar tenders automatically put rum in them at the pool and beach bars. Some do, some don't. Just ask for a daiquiri with rum and you're golden. John, my favourite bar tender for the week would actually just give the bottle for you to mix your own and then reply  I love you my friend.The beach was very good, but not great. It's very weedy. I'd rather take weeds than rocks and what not, but it's still very weedy. The sand is gorgeous,clean, and white.The restaurants were very good as well. I ate at a mix of the A'La Cartes and the buffet. I ate at the Mexico restaurant and while I didn't find it as good as the Bahia Prinicpe San Jaun's Mexican restraint, it was still quite good.The french restaurant was very good as well. I had the steak. It was a good cut of meat and cooked to my liking.The buffet was also good. Good selection, 2 cooking stations, a full pasta bar with a variety of sauce. The omelette's although I only saw breakfast twice as I'm not really a morning fan were incredible.My only issue was the bacon seemed to be a bit of a rarity. There is definitely something for everyone, even the pickiest eaters.The beach snackbar was where I ate many meals. Good food, good selection, great location. The pizza is great and can only be found at the snack bar and lunch, although is available on the buffet at dinner.At 11pm, Puelbo Principe ( Principe Town) is where all the of the festivities relocate too. The karaokee bar was a ton of fun and the disco is good, but the music is the same night in, night out. At the karaokee bar the musical seleciton isn't the best and one night we were there they gave us a book that many, many songs that weren't in the computer.The burger point is where the 24 hour all inclusive comes into play. I had a cheese burger, ham sandwhich, and hot dog at various points throughout the week, they were all quite good.To those people who complain about being on the Bavaro side as opposed to the Punta Cana side- grow up. They are the same. A mirror image of one and other.I was there for a wedding which seemed to go off without a hitch from my vantage point. The wedding planners there seem to take care of most things.Also, to the people who complain about the distance from the lobby to the beach- it's an 8 minute lesiurly stroll. Exercise would do a lot of people good down there. I was in the furtherest vila from the beach, #39 and found it an enjoyable walk. For those who are not well enough to walk, there is regular tram service right up until 3am.All in all, I highly recomend this resort to others. It's good for a wedding, get away with friends, a week away for a couple and it seemed like a great place for families.I'll be back to the Gran Bahia Principe eventually, but I plan on trying the Riu ( located next door, first)  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Leforge
<Content>A good time! Just got back from an excellent week with friends at the Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro. The purpose of the trip was a wedding and some fun in the sun and the Gran Bahia delivered on both counts. We travelled with SunWing out of Toronto and I was impressed with both SunWing flights (if not the flight times). The Gran Bahia itself is a large resort (as mentioned in previous reviews) but the transit system is very efficient and moving around from place to place was never a problem. Our villa was quite nice although it overlooked a construction site. The beach area and pools were very good as well and kept clean which was nice. The all inclusive drinks were pretty good and some familiar brands ARE included, you just have to ask (Tanqueray Gin, Smirnoff Vodka etc.). The beer supplied in the villa mini bar was Brahma and it was pretty good, the beer on tap (Presidente??) wasn't the best and perhaps some beer variety would be nice, especially for Canadians beer connoisseurs! The Heineken I had at the airport was my favorite of the trip. The food was simply OK but really can't be classified as 5 star on any scale. The French restaurant came the closest to a fine dining experience and even then there were inefficiencies... very small shrimp in the shrimp cocktail and an OK but not great steak. The house wine included, contrary to previous reviews, is actually not too bad and is certainly drinkable. If you want, bring a bottle of your favourite wine with you and they will cork it and serve it to you!! I also visited the Mexican and Beach BBQ a la carte's and they were both fine. The buffet was pretty good as well but the beach snack bar was a bit sketchy, ditto the overnight snack bar. The wedding itself went off with out a hitch, and by all accounts the bride and groom were pleased with the service. I also took in an optional snorkeling expedition which was well worth the money spent. The service from the maids, wait staff and bartenders was superb throughout the trip. The karaoke bar and the disco were both enjoyed by our group. I enjoyed the karaoke bar in particular but was annoyed when several songs I chose out of their book were not available. If you say you have a song, then you should have it! Instead I heard several repeat songs throughout the week that I strongly believe were dictated by the hosts personal taste (Billy Jean for instance!... yuck). The casino was small but those in our group that visited seemed to enjoy it. I was also impressed with the internet cafe and was happy to check in on the hockey scores etc. back home. One more little rant, with the number of Canadians visiting the resort the Gran Bahia should have at least ONE Canadian Television channel available on the dial. It was nearly impossible to get hockey scores without going online (ESPN's Spanish feed gives every score in the world except NHL). Obviously, no one comes to the DR to watch TV but including CBC or CTV would allow Canadian guests to get a quick update and then get out to the beach!! All in all, I had a wonderful week at The Gran Bahia Bavaro with an awesome group of friends and would recommend it as a very good all-inclusive option in Punta Cana.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	5	3	

<Author>steve0158
<Content>For the price....................PERFECT!!! I will start by saying i was born, raised and live in NYC and i travel at least once a year. The reason i am saying this is because living here i know food that is good...People kept telling me i would drive myself crazy reading other people's reviews, and i should of listened, i went to this place with a knot in my stomach waiting for the aweful to start, and guess what? It never did!!!This place is truly amazing, any picture i found of this place on the internet does not do it justice in comparison to seeing it in person. The grounds are immaculate and BIG, very big. There are 3 pools, the 1 by the beach seemed to be most crowded and have the most kids as it was by the beach , the one in the middle seemed the most quite and the one furthest from the beach seemed to house the drinkers and partiers. one day during the trip their was about 8 drunken Canadian messes screaming and pouring drinks in the pool, but they were at the other pool the next day so it was no big deal. All in all the grounds are spectacular.The room was great, the bathroom all marble and the balcony had a view of the quiet pool and the garden. The maids do get annoying with the fresh flowers, every day when they clean the room you get flowers on your bed and in the bathroom, obviously it's not that big of a deal. Also, none of the bathrooms throughout the resort had exhaust fans, strange. Obviously when taking a shower it got rather steamy. The mini bar was great, beer, soda and water everyday, even if we didn't drink it we'd hide it so the fridge would get restocked, we wound up leaving 6 beers and a bunch of sodas, but they were there if we wanted them.The food at the buffets was better than the sit down dinners. Although the sit down dinners offer a nice ambiance, the food is better at the buffets. We chose French, the garden grill and japanese. At the grill i had the mixed grill, it was good, no fireworks went off but it was good. At the french i had some shrimp rice dish also good and the japanese place although had the best view it was the saltiest food i've ever eating, but the experience was cool as it is a very nice place...There were so many complaints i was concerned about that i read on reviews that i would like to address some of them. The food stinks, it's a buffet, the food is as good as it is going to get which i think was very good. Each morning they had an omelette, pancake and crepe station making them fresh, plus a variety of fresh fruits, breads, cakes, cereals etc etc... what more can you ask for? For lunch you had so many choices of different buffets to eat at, italian, grill, fish, whatever you wanted was available.The free wine stinks...i thought the red was good, it was dry and nice tasting, i didn't try the white though.workers are nasty , in the 7 days there, i did not meet one rude person and i talk to everyone, even the groundskeepers offered a friendly HOLA!no one speaks english - YOU ARE IN A SPANISH SPEAKING COUNTRY, WHAT DO YOU EXPECT? actually surprisingly with my limited spanish and their limited english we got along quite well.With that being said, i highly recommend this resort, i really don't have anything bad to say about it...ONE MORE PIECE OF ADVICE...................TIP!!! These people work their butts off and to see people walking away from the table without leaving so much as a red cent is a shame regardless of tips being included... a couple of bucks goes a long way..i left $3 for breakfast , $5 for lunch and buffets and $10 for sit down dinners....go out with some singles...  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lboyle8
<Content>Not a dissappointment/But not the best I've had. WARNING: AIRPORT IS A RIP OFF! Travelled the week of April 25th to May 2nd. Please be advised that if I seem picky on some issues, I've travelled to a Sandals resort, and nothing compares so far.The Good: Italian, Mexican, and Japanese Restaurants AMAZING! Refilled glasses before they were empty, allowed my husband and father to both try cooking on the big grills, showing them how to do it. Quiet/Nice rooms, nice buildings. The beach is amazing, all the pools are amazing. Lobby is very nice and a good place to sit and relax. Trolley service is amazing, as it is a big resort. Drinks were good. Service from the people who spoke english was amazing. We travelled with our son who is 7 months old and got the best service and treatment for him. Everyone awknowledged he was around, and at every restaurant there was a high chair waiting for him.The So-So: Main buffet was good, however very repeatative. Service from those who spoke NO english. The maids and some of the restaurant servers spoke no english and it was hard to understand and sometimes frusterating for both parties. The snack bar at the beach was okay, but again variety of food was just so so. Entertainment was so so, put it this way I was tired while watching one of the shows and we left, if it was a good show I would have stayed and watched it. Becareful tipping the maid too much, as they will expect it every day, and if you choose to not do it one day you may get no re fill for the mini bar....haha!The Bad: The Brazillian, and the Dominican restaurants. The food was good; however, the service was not. Again the lack of english speaking servers was terrible. They took our drinks while we were still drinking them. Awful service at these places. Other than that it was a great holiday. We took many tours and they were all great. We got asked questions mid week about out stay and if there was anything they could do to help, we asked for some things and they were granted right away. We complained about a restuarant and given another a la carte.I would have to say that the language barrier was most of the problem, and we made a suggestion that those not being able to speak english should be offered either a french or english spekaing course, this would be easier for both parties.We also travelled with 22 people, 17 adults, 3 kids, and 2 infants. Occomodations were very good, and we were well looked after, my aunt with her 1 child was in a separte building from her other 2 children (in their own room), when asked to move they accomodated us.Would I go again to Dominican = NO......Would I go again to a Gran Bahia Principe = YES......Oh and 1 last thing, watch that at the airport check in they don't stand on the scale when weighing you're luggage. I caught the man standing on my scale. Apparently I was 8 kg. over....20lbs. I wasn't over going down with all the water and infant food I had to bring but I was 20 pounds over coming back with no baby food, or water. I think NOT! I asked them to re check and made sure that the luggage bags were turned to that I could see his legs as well..........and behold I wasn't over any longer....HAHA!I WILL BE SPEAKING WITH AIR TRANSAT/NOLITOURS REGARDING THIS MATTER. THEY SHOULD HAVE A CANADIAN REPRESENTATIVE THERE AT ALL TIMES.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	3	5	

<Author>enigmari
<Content>Good value, but mediocre Am a seasoned Caribbean traveler, so please keep that in mind when reading my review. Was disappointed when our luggage was delivered to the Bavaro lobby and was told we had to check in at the smaller one. Also was embarrassed when refused entry to certain restaurants and events because we were not Bavaro guests, but Principe guests. We were not aware there was a distinction. In fact, there are three classes of service. ROOMS were great, they are all-suites, and for the most part, were kept exceptionally clean. FOOD was disappointing. A big problem we found was that when eating at the buffets, the food was not hot enough for us. By the time you sat down to eat, everything was lukewarm. The themed restaurants were another disappointment, other than the Gourmet restaurant -- it was excellent! POOL area was beautiful; had to get chairs very early however. Although, there were three other pools that were not as crowded, so I guess it depends on the villa you were staying in. BEACH was beautiful, but packed every day. SAND was gorgeous - and you never even needed beach shoes. Distinctive shipwreck off the coast; plenty of beach activity. STAFF could have been more courteous and attentive. Did not get the feel that they were happy to serve us, although there were a few exceptions. SHUTTLES were fun, although we were apprehensive at first. It is a large property and the shuttles run often, so you are rarely waiting for a ride to the beach (we were in a villa closer to the lobby and pool area). ROACHES - several were spotted in the lobby one morning. Again, keep in mind that we are seasoned travelers. The members of our group that had never been to the Caribbean were very happy with almost everything - the temperature of the food being the exception. There is definite value here, just go with an open mind.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	2	2	

<Author>Tiffany1982
<Content>Wonderful week at the Gran Bahia My boyfriend and I stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe April 17-24th 2008. We have traveled to Mexico the last 3 years in a row and wanted to try something new.... After reading many reviews I must admit I had mixed signals as to what to expect at this hotel as I always check trip advisor before I travel - This hotel seemed to have many disappointed people. . . NOT US!We flew through AIR TRANSAT.. I would not recommend this airline! Seats are crowded, not many TV's and food is beyond lacking!!! Try and book through West Jet if you can.Check in was smooth and painless... I think my only complaint was having to pay $32 dollars US for the use of a safe in our room. We have never had to pay to use a safe.. (only if we ruined/lost the keys or access to it.) The room was spotless .. we had a great location too - right in front of the Diamond Pool. We tipped our maid a couple American dollars a day and she always made sure we had fresh towels, fresh flowers, and one day a bathtub full of bubbles with colored balloons and flowers!Resort is very large.. as many others have mentioned, and they seem to get lost very easily. What you have to understand is that when having other sections/rankings to this hotel, there are only certain pools/buffets and restaurants you may use. IF you can read a map and can make the information session with your travel rep you should not have any problems understanding what you may or may not access... It took me less then 1 day to understand that there is 1 road that runs through the middle of the resort .. if you go one way you hit the Punta Cana/Bavaro lobbies, this is where you would find your buffet dinners.. if you went the other way you would eventually hit the beach... Furthermore the trams/buses that run through the resort are very speedy and fast way to get to one end or another. Please note that many people say that they have nearly been run over by these buses... this is because they were walking on the roadway for the buses... WHAT these people need to realize is there is a pedestrian walk way running parallel to this road AND if you take the pedestrian walk way you will not have to fight with the buses.Food is not bad at all... a lot of selections. Also it seems better then anything we've ever experienced in Mexico. We ate at 4 ala carte restaurants while here. The first was the French/Paris restaurant - we ate the steak and lobster.. my boyfriend enjoyed this, I however don't like Caribean lobster and foreign meat so it didn't work so well for me. The second was the Japanese restaurant - I eat alot of sushi at home in Canada and am always weary about eating this type of food out of the country but I would recommend this 100%. It is an experience, where you sit in front of a big grill and a sous chief cooks different meats, rice, and veggies in front of you. The food was filling and very good. The third was the Dominican, I would tell you not to waist your time here, not a very big selection, bugs are bitting at you, and it was plain empty when we went! The fourth was the Garden Grill... I read previous reviews saying they didn't care for this .. I enjoyed it! The meat (beef) seemed to be the best here.Beach is amazing...water is warm, very blue/green, a little rough at times, but I enjoy a little wave here and there. Only complaints I have is people do go out at the crack of dawn to reserve seats.. There were mornings that I made it out at 6am or 6:30 and some of the prime locations were already taken!!! What time are these people getting up at? The only other thing I noticed here was that there seemed to be an awful lot of people on the beach during the day. Way more then I can remember in Cancun and Puerto Vallarta. . AS many ALWAYS say a trip is what you make of it... if your looking for faults you will find them, like any other place. No where is perfect unless you are spending a hefty amount of money. We never had any issues with overbooking (thank god), and luckily we were upgraded to the Diamond club at no extra fee. This includes the use of a private pool in the middle of the resort and 20 minutes daily of free internet use. Lastly the drinks are good, and plentiful.. my favorite was Mimosas.. This is champange with orange juice.. My boyfriend enjoyed the pina colada's and dark rum....Also remember to BARGIN when you are purchasing things.. you can always get what you want for ATLEAST 50% off.. everything is inflated.. for instance I bought a carved stone of a naked woman.. the man asked for $65 originally .. WE GOT HIM DOWN to $15.00! WHAT A SAVINGS, don't be afraid to stand firm on what you want to pay.. they will give in..  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	3	4	5	

<Author>EddieLondonEngland
<Content>Not Good This was our fourth trip to the Dom Rep, having previously stayed in Riu and Iberostar hotels which we consider to be much better. This hotel is vast, some might say too big and is still expanding. The apartments are set out in attractive gardens giving the impression of a town rather then a hotel. Our apartment was about a 10 to 15 minute walk to the reception/bar areas. Cars pulling tailers ferry people to and from the reception area from other parts of the complex. Beware, if it rains during the evening you will get very wet when going to eat or drink. We found the food to be below the standard you would expect and the choice very limited. It was often served up cold. The snack bars around the beach area had a very limited menu and did not change thoughout our two week stay. The main buffets were situated on the other side of the complex in the reception, if you were on the beach this involved a lot of hassle so people mainly eat in the snack bars during the day. The room was ok but not as clean as we would expect, often when we returned in the late afternoon we found the towels had not been replaced we would then phone and wait anything up to an hour for clean ones. During the evenings entertainment consided of a singer/pianist in the lobby bars, again the same music every night. Each night they had a show in the theatre which ran for an hour. These were put on by the entertaiment team and consisted mainly of dance routines. The big downside for us was the seating. Most of the chairs were set out like a cinema, very few tables, the drinks were served in small plastic throw away cups. Not conducive to a social evening out. The beach is great,, flat white sand and very long. The European habit of saving sun beds with towels has caught on and if you arrive on the beach later then 8am you may have problems finding one. Compared to other hotels we have been to in the Dominican Republic the overall consensus of our party of four was one of disapointment..  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>dwacomp
<Content>A roll of the dice... Like many others, I have a long story rife with problems, but I will keep this short.The place is beautiful, big and clean. But the problem is the service. We got bumped to another hotel for our first night. That was a huge hassle of course. Despite our protests, we had no say in the matter.The a-la-carte restaurants are supposedly always all booked up. DON'T BELIEVE IT. I never saw any of those restaurants more than 50% full. The resort management just wants to steer you to the buffet because it is cheaper for them. For example, we showed up to Le Gourmet about 30 minutes prior to our reservation. The place was mostly empty. The maitre'd pointed out that we we early and actually said our table may not be ready yet (we were a party of 4). Like I said, the place was empty! She sat us down of course, but I hope you get the idea.If you don't have the problems I had, and you may not, I think you will enjoy your vacation. However, beware that it is a roll of the dice...  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	1	1	2	

<Author>springrusher
<Content>Stayed from April 19-26       our room villa 33  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Southy69
<Content>The Beer really sucked The Good:Clean rooms (but see below)Nice beachNice PoolAwesome Service -Very friendly  helpfulNice CasinoNice landscapeSmoker friendlyCans of average beer stocked in the rooms (but see below)24 hour food serviceUsed filter water in all food preparationGreat fruitsAwesome TomatoesThe Bad:CrowdedCockroach or similar bugs in the roomGenerally bad food (disgusting hamburgers  greasy meats)Lots of depressing europeans (most of them smoke non-stop)Horrible beer served in flimsy leeching plastic cups. The excellent El Presidente is $4 U.S. but you can get it for $1.50 off the resort.Toxic hard liquor (whiskey flavored vodka made in D.R.)Loud music ruins the beachTransport diesel smell wafts into you roomReally stupid showsToo far away from a town to buy stuff at regular prices or get a bite to eat  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Grigri35
<Content>Best Vacation Ever! Food, service, location, activities, room service, etc. everything was so perfect! We had a gorgious time. It is like a little town, but nothing is very far. There is a little trolley that brings you to any restaurants you wish. It is a paradise!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SLB38
<Content>Warning My freind got married at this hotel and whilst the wedding went well, I was bumped to another hotel three days prior to my arrival even though I was best man at the wedding. To add insult, my wife and I had to pay a day fee of US$75 each to attend my friends wedding where I was best man!The hotel grossly overbook their hotel and we were told by a member of staff that the priority is for clients who booked through First Choice, anyone booking by expedia were effectively second class citizens and automatically tansfered elsewhere, and in most cases to three star accomodation.We also met other couples who were bumped into other hotels and at our reckoning in the week we were there over 100 people had been transfered to other locations. This included another wedding party. The situation was so bad that there were posters at the venue asking people if they wanted to move into other hotels, with offers of up to $300 for people to do this.I would seriously consider staying somewhere else and would strongly urge you to plan your wedding elsewhere.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>houchie
<Content>Five Star - Not!! Returned on April 27, 2008Not very impressed. This was not a five star hotel. The ocean at the beach had lots of seaweed floating around. We had cockroaches in our room. The entertainment was pretty sad. Bacon was only available 2 mornings out of the 7 (what 5 star runs out of bacon?) There are alot better places than this, and I don't understand why it is rated so high. Save your money and go to a different hotel.Cockroach hater.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>martinsjt
<Content>Great entertainment       Beach Pool - Pinacolada!!!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>49ers_rule
<Content>Wonderful Experience       the beach  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Katya125
<Content>great trip       lobby bar  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>RoamstheWorld
<Content>Punta Cana's OK but we won't go back       Off-shore shipwreck  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sillytwilley
<Content>Great hotel.Just what we expected.       Shops on the beach  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mtklein
<Content>Absolutely breathtaking This is a very late review. I just want to say it has been one of the best memories of my life. The ocean was fabulous, clear and blue. The hotel was very clean, rooms were large and nicely kept. Pools were well maintained and amazing. I would recommend and have recommended this hotel to everyone I know. Food and drinks are abundant and there were many things to choose. The sand was something I have never seen before, it was so soft like powder. Entertainment was pretty good.My one and only complaint was that there was broken glass burried beneath the sand at the volleyball net. Two people were sent for stitches on different occasions. This was not the fault of the hotel and they made sure to block of the area and four big wigs came to check it out. After that it was routinely checked.I would still go back tomorrow if I could, don't hesitate to stay here, you'll never regret it.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DanielFrancisco
<Content>Just Bad Luck??? I was on vacation with my wife in bahia principle between November 12 and November 20, 2007 and can say that was one of the worst experiences we had as tourists. The beach is spectacular, and food 5 *, but for the rest, without words. It all started in the evening when we reached to the room, the employee left the bag in the room and not accepted 1 euro tip, claiming that it had no value (i only had notes of 100 dollares). On the same night the first sign appeared, a cockroach in the bathroom, which i killed without saying anything to my wife. On the following morning appears a new cockroach on top of one of the bags with about 5 cm that i kill. After these events, i talk with reception and tehy informed us that they were spraying the room, but this has not happened. The day passed with a spectacular beach and a pool very pleasant. When reached the night before our trip to the island saona (which I have only one word-spectacular), new adventure, as were 4 of the morning when my wife went to the bathroom and suddenly appears one more cockroach on the wall with some 7 cm, yjat i tried to kill it but not succeed. I drag the closet, when appears another cockroach near of the wardrobe. This was limit, i think to myself that i took vacation with my wife and not with a family of cockroaches. i call to the reception but no one appears after 1 hour, then i walk throught the reception about 6am and explain the situation to the boy that told me there is nothing he could do because the manager is found just at 8am,i want to leave a comment but he said that they dont have paper and pen???? that was the limit. After one amazing day on isla saona, we arrived to the hotel, and a new adventure, as I go directly to the reception and talks with the manager which was very attentive. after i explain the situation he told us that couldn麓t do anything because the hotel was full and asked why not ask before. Man, on this time i was DINAMITE and i explained that the employee who attended us in the morning says that haven麓t paper or pens to wrote a message . After this explanation and my wife in panic bagging to change, the manager give us a new room. Without knowing what would be happening in the following days, when we wnt into the new room there are no towells in the bath and no ropes but as knew that the room was not yet ready its ok. The day after we went to one more day at the beach but for our surprise, when we reached by 5pm we had no towels in the bathroom again. i Talk with the housekeeper and she explained to us that the service in this room was lower (the other room has golden serv) as such these rooms were the latest to receive towels. I dont believe in that i have heard. there are 6pm when we receive only 2 of towels. The day after new episode, they had put towels in the bathroom were old and were torn.On next day we had left by mistake ou mobile phone on the table of the room and it was stolen. i TALK with the housekeeper but she swore that she had not seen anything. To worse the situation, we went into the room about 5 pm, and there are no towels again.Was the limit, i went directly to the carrier SOLTOUR (travel agency for which hire the holidays), i explain the situation to the lady but shewas very rude , thats reach my nerves, i exploded and i spoke everything that i had to talk, five minutes later i have 6 towels on my room. i tried to talk about the stolen mobile but tthe lady ignores me.Because me and my wife are people with heart, after thinking in the housekeeper dropping tears all over her face when i confrontated her about the stolen phone and telling us that she would be target of a crime process, we decided not presenting any complaint.This was not the end of the story lol ( not so funny one those days), because the day after during the night we went to gift shop and we were poorly attended by the lady and gave us sacks with holes,lol, unbelieveble.lol. in the same night were 10.50 pm and in the lobby bar they refused to serve us a drink saying that the bar was closed when closes only at 11pm. It is incredible what happened and the way it happened.. After this experience ,Bahia Principe has been excluded from my list, FOR EVER...  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	4	1	4	

<Author>mcoco
<Content>loved the Bahia Principe Bavero:) I just want to start off by saying i have been to dominican 6 times to punta cana and 1 to puerto Plata and i do not wanna go anywhere else but Punta Cana i went to bahia from april 13 to the 20 leaving from toronto with sky service the plane ride was a bit tight but managed for 4 hours.ARRIVE- we arrived in Punta Cana at 10:30am and its perfect clear blue sky day i was a little worried because before i left i was checking the weather on the internet and its said rain so do not believe what that says.When we arrived at the bahia principe we where welcomed by a dominican lady with a cold drink and the theme bahia song check in was done on the bus so that was good we didn't have to check in at the lobby ROOMS- the rooms where big and spacious its was a perfect room to spend a week in the bed was comfortable and always had the maid do i good job with bringing us what we needed.we did tip the maid $1 a day so that also comes a long way  FOOD- breakfast was always good with eggs, toast, crepes, pancakes, doughnuts fresh fruit mmmmmmmmm its was great,-lunch i skipped i ate to much for breakfest but everyone else who came enjoyed it - For Dinner we where only suppose to book 3 a la carte but managed to get 6 just go to guest services and ask that doesn't hurti enjoyed the Italian, le gourmet, garden grill, mediterraneo and japanese loved those all i also went to the brazilian and didn't care for that one because i am not much of a meat lover so i found there was to much meat but if you like meat go there.ENTERTAINMENT- the entertainment staff was great every time i got to dominican i never have a problem with the staff there always so friendly and nice and always want you to have a great time they try to get you so involved with them.GROUNDS- The grounds are always kept so clean and nice and they really take care of it.POOL- the pool is so beautiful and big i just lied there all day and dipped myself in the water to get cooled off BEACH- the beach is beautiful clear blue water white sandy beaches what more can you ask for.WEATHER- Blue clear sky and so hot and sunny durning the dayand night very humid and hot OVERALL- my experience at Bahia was a perfect vacation for all 6 of us i would highly recommend this resort to everyone.Who ever complains about this resort should not go on vacation dominican people work very hard to make your stay a good one and if you let the little things bother you stay home. ENJOY :)  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>proudnewf
<Content>punta canada,newfies       pool  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>virginia1683
<Content>very dissapointed, got bumped to another hotel! My husband and I booked a package through expedia for air and hotel. Our flight there through delta was a 4 hour delay . we were supposed to arrive in punta cana at 12:30 and didn't arive at the hotel until 5:30 p.m. We were tired and anxious to get our room and start our vacation. upon check-in we were approached by the manager who told us to have a seat in the chair in the lobby. As we went to sit down I noticed that someone had vommited in the ashtray and on the chairs and floor where she told us to sit,Gross! we stepped in it and had to smell it for hours. So she asked us to take a seat at another chair and I told her we had along delay and was sick of sitting. She insisted that we needed to take a seat . I asked If she had bad news.She proceeded to tell us that they overbooked and did not have a room for us.I told her that we booked our room through expedia 8 months ago and we had a confirmed reservation. I asked why they gave our room away. No answer. she said that we could stay at another hotel for 2 days which was over 30 min. away, then come back for the rest of our stay, or we could stay at the other hotel for the week. I told her that we had stayed at the other hotel before and if we wanted to stay there again we would have booked it. I told her we did not like the hotel they were offering and asked if there was any other hotel we could stay at? they said no, that is your only choice.I said basically your telling us we have no choice right? We ended up transferring to the other resort. after the long and aggravating trip we decided we did not want to go back and have to repack and deal with their incompetant staff . so we decided to stay and make the best our our stay. We had a problem with the first room at the resort so we had to change rooms, we did not get our second room until 10:00 p.m. We were up from 4:00 a.m. quite exausted . Gran bahia said they would comp us $50 a day if we stayed at the other resort. They sent somebody from their resort to meet all of the other couples that also got bumped . there were about 6 other couples that also booked through expedia, coincidence? NOT. He pulled out a wad of $100's and then told us that we had to sign a waiver stating that we agreed to everything and bahia or expedia were not responsible. What a scam they have going. We stayed for the week at the Excellence with some issues Food was not good . and my husband got sick with a realay bad stomache for a couple days . Don't know if it was the bad food or water or the vommit we stepped in at the gran bahia. all in all we were not happy campers.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelerColumbus_OH
<Content>About what we expected We had a group of 4 adults who traveled to the resort from April 11-18. We had preveiously booked at the Eden H but changed to this resort at the last minute due to all the bad reviews about Eden H. We stayed at the Palladium in Riveria Maya twice and knew generally what to expect from a large all-inclusive resort. I also confess to being a compulsive Trip Advisor reader, and that helped me know what to expect about the size of the resort and the accomodations. I would say that it was what we expected- the hotel is beautiful - I liked all the Dominican art in the lobbies and resturants. The grounds are absolutely perfect and there are workers working all hours pruning and watering. Our room was better than what we had at the Palladium - all rooms are junior suites and very large and nicely appointed. We were in building 8 top floor - no bugs and no noise. Very pleasant. Our room was cleaned well every day. My only complaint was that they did not always stock our fridge with beer - one day I even left a note in Spanish requesting more, but no beer. We knew about paying for the safe in advance, so that was not a shock. We did have an ongoing issue with our room keys not working and had to have them re-programmed a few times. I did not find that it was difficult to get around - the trams ran constantly, but mostly we walked. The beach was amazing. We got there between 7- 9 am and were always able to find 4 chairs in the shade. We spent one day at the pool but preferred the beach becasue the breeze was so much more comfortable there. We liked the beach very much as you could walk forever down it - in Mexico you were hindered by rocks or other barriers. We were able to walk down to the vendor area on the beach. They are very pushy. We also thought that the food was decent and sometimes quite good. It was not as good as at the other all-inclusive but it is hard to know if that is this resort or just the DR in general. However, we always found something that we liked to eat. There are a lot of Europeans at the resort and again - we were sure that they were not trying to appeal to just Americans. We ate breakfast many days at the sit-down resutrant by the beach because that was closest to our room. The breakfast at the main buffet had a lot more, but we mostly ate light in the morning anyway. We ate lunch at the beach resturant every day. Once you knew what to get, it was great. The chicken is great and so I had chicken, rice and beans and fruit and salad every day there. All delicious. Plus they have Heinz catsup there in packets if you cannot stand whatever catsup they serve there. French fries and pizza very good as well (skip the tuna pizza).We drank mostly beer but also had some margaritas and rum and coke. All fine. The DR beer is very good. Don't be afraid of it. We booked the a la carte resturants when we got there - Italian, Japanese and The Garden Grille. Those were the ones that seemed to get the best reviews. Actually, I thought that the Grille would be the best but that was my least favorite. I think that the beef there is just so much below the quality that we are used to in the US that no matter what they do to it - it will seem poor. We had steaks, and they were not good and very overcooked. We also ordered some kind of cheesecake and other cake at the Grille and they were horrible. Had the griled tuna at the Italian restaurant and again - very overcooked but better than steak. I also loved the selection of appetizers at the Italian resturant. The Japanese was our favorite - we liked the chicken the best (the chef cooks you everything at the table - rice, veggies, chicken, beef, fish and shirmp - beef was very tough). We thought that the red wine (tinto) was good but agree that the white wine was not what we are used to. Tasted very bad but after I drank three glasses one night - it started to taste better. Service at the a la cartes was good. Also, the atmosphere at all resturants was very nice. We went on one trip - the Outback Safari- which was recomended by our Apple tour guide. It was well worth it. We got to see the real DR and visited a house, coffee plantation, cigar maker, etc. Our tour guide Franklin was fantastic - had to speak both English and French to our bus and did a great job. We learned a lot. They do not want you to bring things to hand out to the kids, but look at the Outback Safari website in advance about how you can help. You can bring things and they will hand them out. Try the Dominican champagne- sprite and rum that they mix on the bus. We also had to go to the hospital because my husband got an ear infection. That was an experience. The resort only has some mild antibiotics, so if you need something more when you get sick - bring them with you or you will have to go to the hospital. However, they did fix him up with an iv of something that we had never heard of here but it did help. The doctors at the resort spoke English well, but the people at the hospital did not. We did not go to any shows except for the Michael Jackson show - it was fun but corny. We also had an occassional issue with all the smoking in the lobby - we were on the Punta Cana side- maybe it was worse becaue more Euopeans there? We did not try the Bravaro side. However, the lobby is open air so most of the time it is not noticeable. We had a good trip and would recomend this resort to others. I would give it a 4.5 but there is not a box for that. I think they try to make the trip as pleasant as possible, but they are not perfect. I did witness people making a fuss over nothing. There are apparently different cultural norms in the DR and Europe. Recognize that and go with the flow. Enjoy.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Beach4Us
<Content>Excellent Value My wife, daughter and I (30,1  36) stayed at the Punta Cana side from April 1-9. This was our 6th trip to the Dominican Republic and 3rd trip to Punta Cana. We also have traveled extensively throughout the Caribeen so we have a lot of resorts to compare. Previously in Punta Cana we stayed at the Paradisus and RIU Palace. We e-mailed in advance for a room request and to inform them that we are repeating guests (we stayed at BP Tulum in Mexico last year). In short, this resort exceeded all our expectations after reading all the negative reviews lately. We booked with Apple Vacations while in the U.S. We met our Apple Rep right outside customs and he took us directly to our mini-bus. We were the only ones on board and it took us approximately 1/2 hour to get to the resort. Check in was a breeze and we got upgraded to Club Royal Golden room 7312 (building 7 floor 3 room 12) because we were repeat customers. The room was on the top floor and very close to the beach. We requested a top floor room with a crib near the beach and pool and that is exactly what we got. If you don鈥檛 like your room, got to the reception and they will change your room the following morning when somebody else checks out. The room was very clean, the bed was comfortable and the maid cleaned the room 2 times daily. She provided excellent service so we tipped her $2 a day and never had to ask her to restock the fridge or towels. She kept the room very neat and always left us a present like rum, fresh fruits, coffee and turn down service every night. We also had slippers, robes, beach towels and a free safe thanks to the upgrade. The grounds are very clean and well maintained with manicured lawns and clean sidewalks. There are numerous people who are employed just to clean and keep the lobby pristine. There are 3 pools, the main one near the beach, a smaller quite pool half way to the lobby and club Diamond pool for members only. All of them are nice but the towel game is in full effect here. Because we traveled with a baby we opted to spend more time near the smaller pool in the middle of the resort. You have to claim your space by 7 AM to get a spot under a palapa or in the share, if you are a late sleeper you will have a very difficult time finding some good real estate. There were always chairs available on the beach at any time of the day.Many people complained about the food how bad it was or inedible. I found the buffet to be above average and always found something good to eat for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Service was great, we were always escorted to a table then greeted by a friendly waiter. We never had to wait long for coffee or a drink. Yes sometimes it took a couple of minutes but relax your on vacation. The waiters worked long hours and make approximately $300 a month. I am thankful that I鈥檓 not in their shoes and always tipped for good service which was practically all the time. You will not go hungry here unless you are very picky. If you are very picky then you don鈥檛 belong at this resort. Pay three to five times more and stay at the Ritz. For the money we paid (less than $100 per person per day) the buffet was more than sufficient. Right after we checked in, we headed over to guest services to make our specialty restaurant reservations. If you stay a week you鈥檙e only supposed to get 3 reservations but we got lucky and received 4 with a smile. BBQ 鈥?Just average; right next to the beach and food is all off the BBQ.Italian 鈥?Average; the food way just OK and small portions, you can order more than one dish.Gourmet 鈥?Excellent; the filet mignon was very tasty and cooked to perfection.Japanese 鈥?Excellent; you go into a room with 10 other people and the chef cooks right in front of you your selection. Great service and order the deep fried ice cream for desert. The lobby had good alcohol included in the package. If you wanted super premium drinks then you had to pay extra. All the bars for that matter poured as much as you liked no questions asked. Great bartenders everywhere. Bring an insulated mug it will keep your drink cool during the day. The Pueblo Principe was right door which is a complex containing shops, the casino, disco, karaoke bar, vendors and outdoor stage.We didn鈥檛 go to any shows because the baby would go to sleep at the time they began. From what I heard, we didn鈥檛 miss much. There is tram service that runs most of the time from the lobby to the beach if you didn鈥檛 feel like walking.Unfortunately, my wife got an ear infection on the fifth day and we had to go to the medical clinic on site. BE WARNED, a visit was $90, a follow-up visit $60 and with medication we got a bill for over $400. So ask what the prices are before you go. We were lucky to have travel insurance so we will get reimbursed.In general, for the money this was an excellent resort. I really don鈥檛 understand all the negative complaints. Somebody falls into a gully because they aren鈥檛 looking or some other complainer whining about helicopters and it鈥檚 not the resorts fault! Some people love to complain about the smallest things.. We saw maybe 5 helicopters passing above for all of about 15 seconds each. DON鈥橳 stay at the Bavaro side, there is construction going on all day and I can why some people would have a bad experience from having a bad view and a lot of noise.Here you get more than what you pay for. We paid more than double at the Paradisus and didn鈥檛 receive the kind of service that we received here. The greatest asset of this resort is its staff, genuinely smiling and warm employees who care about your stay and try hard to please. I brought $100 in one dollar bills to tip for good service, do the same, you won鈥檛 miss it and the difference you鈥檒l make in the lives of the hard working employees will be great. I would definitely recommend this resort for a great vacation. I hope this helps鈥?  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>wedgewoodPei
<Content>Wonderful vacation We have just returned from this resort yesterday and had a one week stay (April 9-16/08). I had concerns with some of the negative reviews and was worried that maybe we had made a mistake booking this resort but was pleasantly surprised. Our entire trip was a fantastic experience and would definately recommend this resort to anyone and would return again with absolutely no hesitation.The resort is immaculate and the staff work very hard to maintain such an appearance. From the perfectly manicured property to the super clean rooms and everything in between, we were very pleased with our stay. We travelled with our 2 children (ages 11  15) and their only real complaint was that they would have enjoyed bringing a friend to hang out with. The resort is very, very large but you can take the little shuttle buses which come in very handy, esp. in the extreme heat.Take lots of sunblock with a high SPF, (such as 60 and up). We wore 45 thinking that we would be saved from sunburn, but were sadly mistaken when we had blisters by sundown on our first day.We had done 2 excursions, The Marinarium ( half day of snorkelling with stingrays  sharks and sailing in catamaran) and The Outback Safari (which was a full day of travelling out in the country seeing real dominican life which was a real eye opener for our children). We thoroughly enjoyed both but the kids really loved the marinarium and our tour rep suggested it would be the most fun for our family. Thanks Ryan!!!! If anyone has any questions regarding this resort, please do not hesitate to contact me. I will give you any info that I can or any tips. Like I said, our trip was just fantastic all the way around. Enjoy!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PingDrv00
<Content>Gran Bahia Big Is Not Always Better We just returned from the Gran Bahia and I rarely do this but I wanted to add my thougths about the resort. When we arrived the hotel was quite Grand, and we were supposed to be booked at the Bavaro side, but once when we arrived to inquire about our room they shipped us back to the Punta Cana side of the resort with little explanation. As others have said and we found out too this resort consistently overbooks and we were close to getting shipped to another hotel. Our receptionist for a moment found us an upgrade room at the new section the Ambar. We thought that we were finally taken care of, but in a matter of moments we were told that room was busy and were now going to the Club Hacienda Diamond. This also has it's own pool and dining area, but if it was an upgrade were never explained what it offered. Overall the service in the restaurants was impeccable, and the food was the not as good as others such as the Rius. I did try to get a Diet Pepsi one morning though at one of the lobby bars and the bartender said no. Which is the first time that had ever happened at this type of resort. He said we don't open till 10am and on our watch it was clearly 10am but he pointed at his computer and said 6 minutes. I thought that was strange not like I was asking for the an alcoholic beverage. We also found that compared to other resorts that we have stayed at the facility is almost so large it is a chore to navigate. I myself would prefer a bit smaller hotel as others haved stated. Also the a la carte restaurants were booked so that we had very little selection of where we would be able to eat. We were unable to eat at the Japanese restuarant which everyone said was great. This is a nice resort, but based on some of the others that we have been to I think you could do better.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Brenda41
<Content>Paradise       The Beach  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>apauldds
<Content>great getaway If you're planning a trip to this resort the first thing to keep in mind is that this is not a five star facility. Five star resorts don't have marble tiled bathrooms with cheap plastic tubs sunk in. Five star resorts don't introduce you to the maid at check in only to change them daily without notice. etc, etc. Five star resorts are also never this affordable. That being said, this is one of the best 3-31/2 star resorts I've ever stayed at and the price was fantastic. My wife and I and our 4 year old daughter stayed here 4/5-4/12 and had a wonderful vacation. Most of the negatives we experienced had to do with other guests. The place was full of French Canadians and Russians, many of whom seemed to have a total disregard for simple manners. I can't tell you how many times my daughter was almost trampled by people pushing and cutting into the buffet, tram, lobby, etc. Oh well, I guess this winter made these people miserable.The resort itself is beatiful and clean. The staff for the most part was friendly and helpful. Some advice:Like others have said, make restaurant reservations early.The club golden upgrade is well worth the extra couple of hundred bucks to be near the pools and beach.Learn a little Spanish. Bring as many supplies like sunscreen with you as the shops are a complete ripoff.The buffets have great food if you look for it. Be adventurous and try something new.Remember that life in the Caribbean moves at a leisurely pace. Don't get upset if your coffee doesn't arrive immediately when you sit down. Take a deep breath, remind yourself that you are on vacation, and enjoy the fabulous sunshine, soft breezes, immaculate pools and beaches, hilarious bartenders and the smug satisfaction that your friends are back home hating life.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>FRAVIV
<Content>the markham family       This is the bus that takes you around  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crazy4beaches0417
<Content>Great Resort, just loved it!       The beach  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NANCY08822
<Content>OK, Vacation... Ok, so weeks before traveling, I did the same as you, I logged onto trip advisor to see what other travelers had to say. Just like you will, I read lots of good  bad things, some of which concerned me and some of which did not. My family  I travel quite often so we are very familiar with what to expect at these resorts; food, drinks, rooms, towels, service, etc...You鈥檒l always find something to complain about, so traveling with an open mind is key to having a Great time. Here is the short of it:1) Check in; we arrived around 4:30pm, check in was done in minutes, no waiting, no long lines. I must warn you, everyone gets a colored bracelet which id's the area in which you are staying  what facilities you are allowed to use. This includes pools, bars, buffets, etc. Suggestion, avoid the hassle of being turned down, hang around the big pool by the beach, no one seems to care what color bracelet you have.2) Reservations; Upon check in, head directly to Public Relations  book your reservations, you are only allowed 3 restaurants in total no matter what section you stay in or length of stay. A must try: Italian, Japanese  Rodizio (most popular amongst travelers  our favorites). Tip: if having difficulty with bookings, check daily cancellations, they don鈥檛 tell you this.3) Rooms; if you are given a suite near the high 30鈥檚, Beware! this in the heart of a very noisy construction zone (mountains of rocks, dirt, debris, dump trucks, sweaty men, dust covered patio table  chairs you can literally taste the dust in the air) not pleasant at all.If you find that your room has a slight musty odor, don鈥檛 worry, this is mainly because the power in the room is off until you insert a key in the slot near the door which activates both the lights and air-conditioning. The odor will be gone before you know. Suggestion, bring a plug-in room air-freshner it helps.4) Food; ample, you will always find plenty, not always the best selections, but keep in mind you are not home. Food is always fresh and selections vary. Tip for those late sleepers; don鈥檛 expect bacon or sausage with your breakfast if you arrive past 10am, you will have to settle for cut-up hotdogs instead. Drinks; are mediocre, most stick with the beer.5) Pool/Beach Lounges; if you want to nice spot in the hot sun, no need to rush, if you want a combination of sun and shade, prepare to wake up at least by no later than 6am to reserve your spot.6) Daily activities: lots are held by the main pool, if you prefer it quieter and low-key I suggest you use one of the smaller pools located in the center of the resort. A handful of the play makers are very out-going  fun, although most lacked personality and the friendly quality we鈥檝e grown accustomed to. Most importantly, they are not pushy which is nice if you are not in the mood.7) Night Life; this one is rather long. All in all, this was the worst entertainment I鈥檝e experienced in all my travels, definitely lacking structure. Let鈥檚 start with the shows; don鈥檛 get too upset if you miss a few or arrive late, shows definitely need work, they are somewhat entertaining, but lack audience participation and the high-energy you might have experienced at other resorts. Definitely catch the Lion King; it was one of their best. The kids show at the theatre runs 8:30 鈥?9pm, the main shows runs 9pm-11pm, simultaneously, there is a pianist or some type of musician at the lobby bar. At eleven both the Theatre and lobby shut down. Why they shut the lobby down, I have no idea; 11pm is way too early. So if you just want to hang out, talk and enjoy drinks, you can鈥檛 do it here, you鈥檒l have to head to the Pueblo Principe where they have Shops, Vendors, a Karaoke bar, a Casino, a show which runs until 12am  a Nightclub that open at 12am. Vendors tend to be pushy, so browsing can be annoying  stressful. The Pueblo Principe show just like the Theatre show is just ok, nothing special. Mostly, a band playing and some dancing nothing more. Beware, if you order drinks in the casino, you must pay cash as they are not included in the all-inclusive. The Karaoke bar is full of loud drunk teens, if that鈥檚 your thing, then you鈥檒l have a blast. As for the casino, not a gambler so can鈥檛 share much. Now for the Club which opens at midnight; if you are traveling with teens, ages 13 鈥?18, be prepared to have this damper your night life. There is absolutely nothing which caters to this age group. Young teens are not allowed in the club at all whatsoever. Some girls may make it in, but most do not, Boys, not a chance. If you are 18 bring along your passport, even if you are of age, you may be turned away just because you look too young. A license although it displays your picture and birthdate won鈥檛 cut it. If your thinking of paying your way in, forget it!!, it won鈥檛 happen. For those Adults traveling without children or teens, the liquor is flowing, so expect to see drunk, loud, abnoxious teens all over the resort to the wee hours of the morning. All in all this was a nice vacation, other than the night-life issue for our 15 year old son, we had a great time.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ersoccermom
<Content>Good Resort We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe from 4/1 - 4/8. We booked through BPUSA which is the resort's website. I had no problems booking, although I was booking two rooms and requested they be in same villa and they were not. This posed no problems however. I read reviews on Trip Advisor and was a bit concerned. If you have booked a trip and are worried based on reviews, don鈥檛 be. This is a huge resort and you are not going to get individualized attention but you should lack for nothing. We had to have a ground floor room due to my husband's recent ankle injury and I was worried about bugs, there were a few but not many and I have been to multiple Caribbean resorts and have had many more. The rooms are spacious and clean, maids did a nice job but you might want to leave a few dollars every day to get that extra attention.You will not go hungry. There are two buffets with decent food and quite a few of a la carts restaurants. Book your a la carts right away, they are the way to go. We dined at the Mexican, Mediterranean, Japanese and the Steakhouse and all were wonderful. The only problem I had with it is the time regulations involved in the restaurants. They open and close promptly at the stated times and when you are on vacation it is nice to have flexibility. Once you understand there are no variations on time you will do fine.The entertainment is fine. I enjoy participating in all the resorts have to offer and think this resort is a little slow paced for my very active family, albeit there may have been more going on and we were not aware of it due to the size of the resort.If you are thinking of booking this resort and have any difficulties with mobility I would suggest you look elsewhere. While I thought this resort was great, it is hard for those with any disabilities to move about. My husband broke his ankle a few weeks before our trip and thank heavens I rented him a knee scooter to get around, otherwise we would have been in a world of trouble. I hope this review is helpful to those who are booking or have already booked. It really is a lovely resort to stay.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>mt0r0nt0
<Content>fantastic vacation even during the worst time of year Me and My boyfriend went to the bahia principe in Oct 2007. It was my first time going to the dominican and it won't be my last.This place blew me away! It was absolutly spotless. The hotel was beautiful. The check in went smooth. We were planning to upgrade to club dimond when we got there, but to our surprise they had already done that for us at no charge. We were thrilled, we had a room close to the beach. It was a little overwhelming at how big the resort was, but they have these buses that take you up and down the resort. Honestly we never had to wait more then a minute for one they're constantly going back and forth. The food was fantastic. The buffet was different every night, which was good cause you never got tired of the same stuff. We never got sick or even felt sick the whole time we were there. The staff was sooo nice. Given the language barrier they did their best to try and understand and help you. It rained a few days we were there but that didn't stop the entertainment at the beach or by the pools. The kept on dncing and singing and totally made us forget the rain. The beach is the best part. AMAZING!!!! that's all I can say. If your thinking about going to this resort go.... you won't be dissappointed no matter what anybody says. I'm definately going back there.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cheribeth
<Content>Great Resort       our bath  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TheBrideH
<Content>Fantastic Wedding We got married on 5th April, and the day was fantastic. Lots of champagne, beautiful flowers and glorious weather.In the main, we were very pleased with our holiday. However, just a few gripes.We were given the runaround with our wedding photos, service in the photo shop was atrocious. They were dishonest, rude and very mocking. No one took responsiblity for the mistakes, leading to us spending 5 hours in total over the last 48 hours returning to the shop to see if the photos had arrived! Very stressful.Despite booking the wedding party together on one booking, rooms were not together and two families did not have enough beds for their children for the entire two weeks, despite numerous attempts to resolve.As others have said, English language is pretty lacking at the resort and you sometimes have to let things go as you could be wasting your time being understood.Reception very slow and tried to double charge my father-in-law.Pool bar staff excellent and entertaining.Caribbean Festival trip was superb, sharks were amazing and we didn't lose any fingers or toes!Beach was stunning and the sea was warm and turquoise blue.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	1	3	-1	

<Author>Maureen-Steve
<Content>Great time!! Arrived in La Romana from Saint John NB. Long drive to the resort, about 2 hours. The roads were horrible and drivers were crazy. They took you through a few little towns on the way. Sad to see how the people live. Check in was easy and quick. We were repeat guest so we were upgraded to Club Diamond VIP. All that means is we got a free safe for the week. Rooms were fine. We had a king size bed. Jacuzzi tub. No bugs, no problems.We ate at the Mexican, restaurant not a fan. Not mch of a selection. And the food wasn't very good. Next was the Italian, not bad, but not as good as last year. Then the Brazillian, it was really good if you are a carnivor. Meat. meat and then some more meat, it was my favorite. And the last was the Garden Grill, it was really good too, for carnivores. Beach and Pools were great. Pool was always busy. We only went there is rinse the salt water off ourselves. Beach was clean, lots of chairs. But there were lots of ignorant people who would save chairs in the prime spots then not use them all day. ( I wanted to throw their towles in the pool or ocean.)Grounds were perfect. You would see the workers out all day fixing up the flower beds and tending to the lawns.Activities and Entertainment. We didn't watch any shows or participate in any of the stuff they were doing.Tours. We didn't do any of the overpriced tours that the Airline reps push on you this year. (we did the Marinarium last year and that was really good.). We did a snorkel excursion with the scuba rental place on the beach. (www.scubacaribe.com ) It was 31.00US, nothing fancy, nothing to eat or drink. No safety instructions. The boat operator stopped the boat over some reef, threw the anchor over and said Go. The water was rough, the current was strong, and the fish bit me when I gave them a roll that I stole from breakfast. My boyfriend had to rescue a lady that wasn't a strong swimmer and help her back to the boat. But I would do that trip again next year. It was cheap, you didn't have to drive for 2 hours to get to it, and didn't have to spend hours on a boat drinking and dancing like some of the other tours. All we wanted was to snorkel and that's all we did. It was great.Departure and Check Out were easy with no problems, had to pay for 2 phone calls. It cost 5.00 for about 4 mins to call from the room using the hotel operator. Conclusion it was a great trip, hopefully we will be back again next year  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>slackmandu
<Content>maybe 5 star, but service knocks it down a few stars Overall, its a nice hotel. Not a 5 star, but the food was better than average for a Carribean destination. The service leaves A LOT to be desired. They don't know, want to know, or CARE about any issues you have. When you approach anyone, they seem not to understand English. Don't get me wrong, I realize that I am in a foreign country and that they speak English better than I speak Spanish so I'm not knocking their intelligence. All I am saying is that if you cater to mostly English speaking tourists, have someone at the front desk that speaks English. Also, I called head office in Miami and they were of NO HELP WHATSOEVER.Bottom line, with this company, take what you get 'cause you are on your own.Some notes I wrote while I was there. People come to clean the beach regularly.Main (lobby) restaurant smells of sewage at all meals..Staff at the hotel are worst I've experienced on vacation (except maybe Mexico). They have no desire to be helpful. Pretend to not understand until you say the words in Spanish; then, they repeat what you want in perfect English. Exception, the Bartenders are pleasant. Strange, as I rarely saw them get tipped. for example:Waiter got our order screwed up at lunch one day (which is bound to happen, we were in a group of 16) and he made it seem like we were the ones who made the mistake. Instead of just fixing our order and getting what we wanted, he remained there trying to convince us it wasn't his fault (not that we made an issue of him getting it wrong, as I said, these things happen). We finally had to firmly tell him to just get our new order.Also, on checking in, we (all 16 of us) were given wrist bands. I noticed that 12 of us got one colour and 4 of us (my family) got a different colour. When I inquired as to why, we were given a confusing explanation as to why (to this day, I'm still not entirely sure what the colours mean) they led me to believe that certain colours can't go to certain pools(Again, it would be nice to have someone at the front desk that spoke english). Well, when we explained that we all needed to be together, and what was the use of all of us coming to the same resort at the same time if we couldn't stay together, this seemed like an issue. When it was clear that we would not back down, they FINALLY gave us the same colour wristband. But not before one of the staff at the desk insulted my wife by asking her well, what hotels have you worked at (implying that unless you work in the biz, you don't know anything....Also, funny how he was able to communicate that insult, but no other information, coherently).Drinks are INCREDIBLY WATERED DOWN!!! Very little alcohol content. You want real booze, buy it at duty free and bring it with you to the hotel.Head office is no help. Basically this whole company is geared to taking as much money from you as possible.One of the small but incredibly brilliant ideas is the use of towel cards. At the end of the day, you hand in your dirty towels and instead of getting clean towels (like I had to do at other resorts) and carrying them back to my room, they give out towel cards (like credit cards). Saves you from lugging towels around the resort.If your flight leaves after 12pm (noon) you can shower in the courtesy room before you leave . This is essentially a communal washroom with a shower.You could ask them for an extension to you checkout and they let you stay in your room (if available). This cost us $20 per hour. May seem petty, but they blare the music at the beachside restaurant and it sounds like the station is not tuned properly. Try hearing that for and hour every day while you're trying to eat.Maintenance leaves a lot to be desired. There is always something not working properly. A light in the restaurant here, a juice machine at this bar or that one, a clogged drain there. And the staff make no effort to get it fixed right away, but it does get fixed, so maybe they are busy/short staffed. It is a BIG resort.Safe is available, but for $35 a week. Can't remember when a 5 star hotel charged for use of a safe.The rooms were large and always clean. In our group, there was an 18 and an 17 year old and the cleaning staff even did a little organizing for them. The shower had a removable shower head (a Godsend when you have small kids) with good pressure and lots of hot water.That's it. All in all a nice holiday, but far from the perfect 5 star experience.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	1	3	1	

<Author>Lori2808
<Content>They make you wait 10 minutes hoping you will go away! We stayed at the Gran Bahia with a wedding party of 50. We found out after we checked into our room that we were upgraded because the hotel was overbooked. Sounds great....BUT, because of this upgrade we could not eat with any of our friends OR even sit at the same pool. The purpose of us being there was to be WITH friends at the wedding. The front desk absolutely refused to help us. When we asked to speak to a supervisor, they made us wait 10 minutes (on 3 separate occasions), only to tell us that they were following their supervisors instructions. They just wanted us to go away. Finally after the bride and groom joined us in our efforts to get put with the group, they relented however very rudely instructed us to move to another room. That is ALL we wanted in the first place and I don't know why it was so difficult. In the end, the weather was great and the facility was clean but we often felt like cattle being herded. They cater to the masses, not to individuals. I would not stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chicam
<Content>Trying to keep up with the crowd The resort is huge and there are obvious signs of problems caused by the size of the property and the number of people. When we were checking in (2 adults and 2 kids) the clerk at the reception told us that there are about 5000 people staying at the resort at the time !Obviously the management is failing to keep up with such crowd and there is definite lack of facilities. This was the first resort whenI see people turned down from making reservation at the spa because there were no availability. Our room which was requested in advance to be quite was instead right at the rear end of the theater and there were no way to change it to something quieter because resort was constantly overbooked. If you really into spending vacation at the very busy place then this place might be up to your taste. My wife said about the lobby that it looks more like a Chicago Union Station some years ago with howling noise, smoke everywhere, swarms of people with piles of luggage. But please be warned that this resort is not going to give you promised an expected to 5 or even 4 star service. For example try to enjoy your desert with the coffee or tea at the dinner and you will see that its quite impossible to accomplish.Apperantly, coffee and tee are only served for breakfast and desert is only served for dinner and of course you cant take any food from the buffet to the lobby and you cant take any drink from the lobby to the buffet !? And yeah, try to get some food from the beach snack shop 2 minutes before official opening time evenif the shop is open and some food is already there . Its not allowed by the rules of resort - this phrase was something new to me to hear at the all-inclusive in Dominican.  Other than that, enjoy your vacation, dont mix a lot of mamajuana and sun and use spf50 sun lotion. Last thing, try to avoid first floor - tiny ants are little buggers.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	2	1	3	

<Author>CanadaNeed2relax
<Content>Return Visit--gets better each time I am a bit late in writing this review. It seems life hasn't slowed down long enough since our return to get it done.I have appreciated all the reviews I have read, and whether good or bad have learned something from everyones opinions. Here are my opinions of the resort, as well as my experiences.We were a group of nine that travelled in mid to late Feb. There were 4 adults, and 5 kids ranging in age from 9 to 17. For my husband, myself and our 3 kids aged 9-14 this was our second trip to this resort in just under a year. We were there at Easter in 2007. We loved it so much the first time that we jumped at an opportunity to go back with my brother and his wife and 2 kids. AIRPORT-- although the airport itself has nothing to do with the resort, the transfers do, so I thought I would give you a few quick observations. Our luggage was the last to come off the carousel, (thats what you get for being first at the airport in your departure city I guess) so by the time we got all our bags the airport was pretty empty. We opted to carry our bags out to our tourbus ourselves since we had them so nicely stacked on the carts. We were not bombarded by the guys asking to take our bags because we were so far behind everyone, so we just said no thank-you to the 1 or 2 guys that did try to help. That was a big mistake. We were unaware that you are not alowed to take the luggage carts out to the parking lot, so at the last second, as our bus was getting ready to take off, we were scrambling to carry our numerous bags out to the lot. A piece of advice--if you have more bags than you can comfortably handle, just let the guys take them for you and pay them a few bucks. It simplifies things so much. When we fianally got to the bus with our bags, it was like a feeding frenzy of people grabbing our bags and throwing them under into the storage compartment that we lost sight of our carry-ons, which then got thrown up onto a different truck to be transported to the resort because the storage compartment on the bus was full. We were scared we would never see them again, and the hotel rep on the bus warned us that we should never let our small bags like carry-ons be stored like that because they can go missing too easily. It was not our intention to ever let them out of our hands, but in the confusion stuff happens. I am happy to say though that all items made it safe and sound to our rooms.TRIP TO RESORT-- CHECK IN-- The ride went smoothly. It seemed like a much smoother ride than lastyear. Our check-in was done there on the bus. Be sure you have your passports, and confirmation letter with you on the ride, as you will need these things for the check-in procedure. A pen is helpful too. When we were given our package we were informed that we had been upgraded to Diamond becuase we were returning guests. We were given Diamond bracelets, but my brother and his family were given the golden bracelets. It didn't really make any difference as far as we could tell, because we were still in the golden villas, which is where we preferred to be. At this point we noticed that, although we were all put in the same villa, our rooms were not on the same floor. I had written the resort earlier and requested connecting rooms because of the kids. I understand it is not guaranteed, and is nothing more than a request. Lastyear we got exactly what we asked for, this year we did not get connecting rooms, and furthermore the rooms were not even on the same floor. A bit of a problem since I had only packed one of everything (like toothpaste, shampoo, contact solution etc) and because, quite frankly I was looking forward to spending some time with my husband on this trip........ Once we got to the resort, the moms headed straight to the golden reception to tried to work out the room situation and the dads and kids went to the rooms. The golden rep was extremely helpful. He wasn't able to get us the connecting rooms, but juggled around some people that had not yet arrived and managed to get us in rooms beside each other. It still wasn't ideal, but my husband stayed in one room with the boys, and my daughter and I stayed in the other room. It actually turned out ok, cuz I didn't have to listen to the old guy snore all night after having too much to drink...hahah. The golden rep also gave us our safe rental for free because we were returning guests. A nice perk again. At this time I tried to book our a'la cartes, but they only do bookings until 8 at night, and it was after this time. Then he informed me that they had made reservations for us already, and if they were not suitable then we coud come back in the morning and change them. I found this to be a nice added touch, and all but 1 of the reservations turned out to be just what we wanted. --- A side note regarding checking in and making reservations-- While we were in the DR my son celebrated a birthday. I mentioned this when I went to change the reservation for that night, and they took down his name and age etc. When we went to supper on the evening of his b-day they had a cake for him, and a bottle of champaign for the adults. The staff all came and sang to him in spanish. It was a lot of fun, and made the day very memorable. Later in the lobby bar, they announced his b-day and the piano guy sang to him again. Lots of fun and laughs were had that night. ROOMS-- The rooms were good. I don't find them overly nice. The usual wear and tear, but it is to be expected in a resort that is as busy as this one. We were on the main floor. Last time we had no problems with this, but this year we had a lot of bugs in the room. I would guess it is because it was a different time of year, but whatever the reason it was a quick fix. I just stuffed a towel under the door at bedtime. The centipedes in the bathroom were numerous, and all we could figure was they were coming out of the wall under the sink. They werent too bothersome as they liked to stay where it was damp, like against the shower on the floor, or up against the toilet. If I wasn't so afraid of insects I probably wouldn't have noticed them at all. But I quickly realized that if I just left them alone, they would do the same. The maid we had was not nearly as efficient as the made we had lastyear. She was slower, and did just the bare minimum.(hence the pile of dead centipedes that never got cleaned up once). The maid my brother and his wife had on the second floor however was great, and left nothing undone. We all had the nice towel art daily. If we never had Jessica the year before, that did an amazing job, right down to filing our tub with water and roses, I probably wouldn't have thought this maid was sub-par.....we just got spoiled the first time around. Yes we did have an issue with getting face cloths. LOL...I have now determined it is not a resort issue, but possibly an issue with the particular maid. Maybe if she doesn't use face coths herself she just doesn't think about it. My brother had face cloths everyday, and they were just upstairs.....we got them only once, and that was on request. Not a big deal though, we just used a hand towel. It worked fine. Certainly nothing that is going to change my life.  The rooms in the golden section offer 24 hr room service. I did not personally order anything besides the nachos this year, (brought our own salsa and had a pre dinner snack several nights) but I did notice the menu has expanded by a few items. Thats always a plus.THE GROUNDS-- Okay I just have to say, I think my biggest pet peeve is when I read in reviews that people complain about how big the resort is. Did these people not research this resort at all??The resort has several hundred rooms...what did you expect??So if you are just reading reviews to see if you want to go to this resort be fore- warned --IT IS A BIG RESORT ! Now having said that...I really don't think it is that big...lol. If you take the time to look at the map you will find that it is easy to navigate, and although it is big, 90% of places that you will ever need to go are right off the main central pathway. Also, another point is that when you go to a destination where there isn't a lot to do off the resort , isn't it nice to have places to go and explore or walk around on the resort?? Just a thought... We were nearest the beach, and the lobby is at the opposite end of the resort. We walked back and forth all the time, and it never took more than 10 mins..probably less. There is a tram that runs down the main pathway. You never wait more that a minute or 2 for one to come by. If you want to walk there are sidewalks (please use them!!) When the trams pass by each other on the road, there are mere inches between the cars. The roadway is made for the trams..not pedestrians. More times than you can imagine the trams have to poke along because someone has decided to stroll along the road instead of the sidewalk...haha. The grounds themselves are beautifully kept, and they are being manicured constantly. It is amazing to me that these people seem to work through the night to keep things nice. I have even witnessed them painting the outside of buildings or fences in the dark.BEACH--POOL-- ok the main reason we went back!! It is gorgeous. Not much else to say. This year I found it to be less crowded, even though the resort was sold out. I'm not sure if it is because people now stretch down all the way to the Ambar section, but we never had a problem finding seats. The first day we went out early to play the towel game like we did the year before. We soon realized there wasn't really a need. I'm not sure if it was just a different crowd or what the story was, but finding a good seat at the beach, even for 9 of us just wasn't a problem this time. The pool was a bit different, but seriously even at 9 am we could find seats there too. You may not have found the ideal spot, but if you waited people did seem to move from beach to pool and back. (and surprisingly they didn't hoard seats) The staff on the beach seemed to work endlessy. They walk back and forth all day in long pants cleaning up cups and cig. butts. These were the guys that we tipped most frequently, and were most appreciative of the tips. They were always smiling, and would go out of their way to help you with moving chairs, or finding buckets to use in the sand etc. The rental shop seemed better organised this year, and we were glad to see new boogie boards. Last year, they were in horrible shape, and were falling apart, with sharp edges exposed. The ladies that work there still seem to have some odd way of determinig who they want to wait on. Seems if you are friendly they figure they can ignore you....the squeaky wheel gets the grease I guess. One could stand there for half an hour and be looked over for the guy behind you that yells out his requirements........still baffles me.  The staff at the pool bars is by far the most lively and fun. They are great at taking cues from you. If you are looking to have fun they can make the day a constant laugh fest, and even with the language barrier they make you feel like long lost family. But if you just want quiet and relaxation, they are more than happy to accomodate that too. I really want to go back with a person that can translate, because I find the people so much fun and interesting I wish we could understand each other better. We copied the translation lists off another travel website, and took them with us everywhere. When they see that you are trying to make an effort to communicate, they go out of their way to try to help you learn the language.FOOD-- I left this for the last for a reason. I just don't think the food is all that great. If you are going on a holiday for awesome food, then honestly this place is not for you. If you are a light eater, or an adventerous eater, you will have a better time here. Breakfasts are ok. Bacon is not done all that well, sausages are pretty much raw....or at least raw looking, I never actually ate one so it is hard for me to judge. Eggs are scrambled mostly and wet. If you go to the main buffet for breakfast you can go to the omlete bar, and it is much better. If all you want for breakfast is toast, pancakes fruit, muffins and juice, then you will enjoy it. Honestly I can't complain too much...that is what I eat at home.Lunches I enjoyed at the pool bbq. There was always something to eat. Chicken is aways A good bet. Their chicken is good and plentiful. I thouroughly enjoy the fresh made pizzas, and again lots of fruit. Try the fresh fuit cocktail that is at the pool bbq, it is the best you will have. It was deffinitely not as good this time around, but I am guessing it is because the fruit was not in season.Suppers at the buffet are hit and miss, but you can always find something, if not, there is always the pasta bar. I know some people don't feel they should have to settle for finding something that is good..it should all be good. However remember you are in a different country and they have different recipes. Even the ketchup tastes different to us, and it is impotrted from USA. The heinz here in Canada tastes different. The a'la cartes were better this time than lastyear. We went to the japanese, Italian, steak house and mexican and honestly enjoyed each of them, where as lastyear they were just ok.All in all I think that the resort has improved from one year to the next, however it didn't seem as spectacular to us the second time around. I think it is because nothing was left as a surprise. When we first got back I thought that even though it was nice, I wouldn't want to go back. It was a nice place, but at the time it seemed as though it had gone down hill. But now, 2 months later, and after reliving it through this review, I realize it actually had more to offer overall the second time.If you are booked into this resort I honestly think you will have an awesome time. Do your homework. Learn your way around, and don't look for things to complain about, those can be found anywhere. If given the chance, I would return here without hesitation.Can2  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MichiganSquirrel
<Content>Had a great trip! We stayed from Friday March 27th through April 4th, 2008. Our group of eight from Michigan, USA had no idea what to expect from this resort. We read reviews, of course, but opinions are just opinions. We started off on the wrong foot with the front desk sending us to the Bavarro side, and then the Bavarro side sending us back, but all was worked out in the end. My wife and I had a main floor suite in building 29. We liked the location as we were a little closer to the beach etc... but still near the middle of the resort. We would recommend a room on one of the upper floors as tile floors make for added noise from above and the humidity did seem to be an issue more for us than other members of our party.The resort is large, but the walk to the main lobby or the beach is a few minutes at best either way. Much like a cruise ship, it takes a day or two to find your way around. The tram that runs every few minutes was used a few times, more for the novelty. We read reviews about obnoxious odors from the tram, but found that to be false. Odors from a gas combustion engine???? My goodness. There are seperate walkways for pedestrian traffic and the trams on the main concourse. We never felt threatened by the tram. There are lots of people, but spread out over a pretty large area. Knowing a bit of Spanish would not hurt, as most of the staff do not speak English (or any other language from what we could tell).The beach and pools are a bit crowded, but we never found it impossible to find a place to sit. We were told the resort was full but still room was not an issue. If you are looking for a quiet getwaway with you, your significant other and two palm trees, this is not it. We enjoyed meeting some people, people watching and a great, beautiful beach. My wife and others wished for more restrooms closer to beach and the pools.The staff was great! Most gave it their all even when we could not understand them, or them us. A few of the bartenders are characters and we enjoyed them throughout the week. Our maid granted every request. We were told to get a safe, and did, and kept our valuables locked up. One of our party left a bag at the beach which was turned into the bar by the pool. It contained cash, a video camera, a digital camera and assorted other items. We asked at the lost and found several times, but located the bag the next day at the bar, under the counter, with the bartender shouting Yes Bolsa!!! (bag) and returning it without an item missing. This is not what we heard we could expect of the staff. We were very pleased about the honesty of staff.There is internet service for a fee. We emailed home daily to check in on our family. $12 for 60 minutes that could be used anytime over 5 days. We found that my cell phone was useless but others in our party had service. Changing in currency was not a problem, just find the front desk during the day, and you are OK. Bring an insulated mug, as the plastic cups get warm fast in the heat. They will fill any size at any bar, with anything you'd like.The electricity in the room is activated by sliding a card (its supposed to be your room card) in a slot as you enter the room. The AC does not work if the card is not in the slot. We brought a old gift card with a magnetic strip to get around that issue. Bugs were not an issue, although we did see a few mosquitos. We brought plenty of singles for tipping, but saw people who weren't tipping and being treated the same, tip or no tip.Dining was interesting. I wouldn't call the buffet five star. I think the cruise ships have this beat, easily. But, there was variety and no one went hungry. The service at the buffet was fast and courteous. The ala carte restaurants varied greatly. We were told that the French restaurant was The One. We spent nearly 3 hours trying to get our party fed at Le Gourmet! The service that night was horrid and the food voted mediocre by most of the party. We also ate at the Japanese and Italian restaurants and found the food and service much better and worth the visit.All in all, it was a great time. We sang at the Karoke bar, we watched a few shows, got a tan and had an experience that we have never had before. I think that some of the negative reviews were a bit scary, but unfounded. There is no place that is perfect. If high class dining is first on your list, you might make another choice. If a great beach, friendly people, great weather, and clean beautiful grounds are a priority, then you will have a great time here.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	2	4	3	

<Author>lgg311
<Content>Won't recommend or go again.       Front of main lobby  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	4	2	

<Author>Slugg0
<Content>Generally Great - Some issues Stayed with wife (we are in 50's) and 2 daughters (20 and 16) at end of March 2008 in Principe side (Bavaro side is a mirror image). We have travelled Caribbean and Mexico every year for last 25 yrs or so, generally at all-inclusives. This is not 5 star in US sense, but pretty close for a Caribbean. It was pretty crowded, tho only an issue at peak beach time (in which case pools were less so) and at prime mealtime - don't get in way of a hungry tourist! Airport busy - attached by luggage guys (there are more than tourists - they try to rip the luggage out of your hand) but for a few bucks they get you to the right transport, so probably worth it. Stand in line to pay $10/pp tourist card (in lieu of visa) charge - only cash.Plusses are: beautiful property (very well manicured); rooms large and clean (tho the usual Caribbean handiwork in tile, etc); room frig stocked daily (more stuff added if ask and tip); easy navigation on property (tho large, timely transport plentiful); huge buffet (decent for Crib, tho can get boring after a week - and any meat besides chicken is tough); good bar service; generally pleasant staff (as long as no complications of even the smallest kind - that throws them - and customer service in a US sense is inconceivable to tem; no animosity, they just don't get it).Negatives: reservation system for non-buffet is awful (no phone calls, place is emplty, won't let you in anyway without reservation); reservation for water sports (same poor practice - in person only, then stuff sits there while you watch when those reserving don't show); tennis courts poor shape and very far from rooms; nightly entertainment packed early so no room to go (some may be too risque for kids - typical european taste in dance...I have seen strippers with more clothes); people mark chairs at pool by 7 am, so none left by 9 am (against the rules, but no enforcement) tho the beach was a little better supplied with chairs; no elevators in 3 story buildings; vendors at mall in front of hotel severely harass shoppers; local and european men guests harassed my young daughters (they are beautiful, and somewhat used to stares in the US also, but would not go to beach or shop without me to help them fend off catcalls and followers; I did feel that all staff had the hand out for tips (I am not complaining, as they are poor, but its a fact).Other things noted on this site and true - there is a little topless on beach, but not much; the non-serving staff (cleaning ladies, maintenance, grounds) do not speak english tho servers at desk, bar and dining do fine; bar tenders will pay more attention if you tip a dollar every couple of drinks (take a roll of 50 $1.00); maids stock better with a few dollars tip a day; take an extra credit card as the room A/C and all electrical power only works if you put your room key (or the credit type card you substitute in its place) in a slot by the room door; negotiate for trinket purchases (at least a third off asking price) at mall and beach vendors (not at the lobby stores - can get the same stuff at half price outside); bring lots of sunscreen (its very burning, tho not hot due to breeze).Other things seen on this site that were not true for our visit: not much cigarette smoking; food plentiful and decent; no crime (felt very safe - tho did lock valuables up in the $32/week safe); lower number villas are farther from beach, not closer; no difference in regular room and Diamond; the fun staff do try to get activity going (bingo, aerobics, ping pong tournament, etc) despite the fact that many tourists (like me) have no interest - if you want to do something, you can; no bugs or mosquitos.Flight home (United) - mobbed by luggage guys again, but they helped get us to correct airline (very poor airport layout - could stand in wrong line for hours!); security slow and caribbean inefficient (they forgot to charge the $20 departure tax tho - yeah!); allow 2 hours at peak time.I will not go back, as there are other places in the world (I have only gone to one place 2x - Aruba!). Despite some wrinkles with checkin and a couple of small, stupid and frustrating service problems, its worth the trip for the price.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	1	3	1	

<Author>FSUE
<Content>Great Vacation!!!       beach  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>farmlady1958
<Content>Doesn't Get Better Than This!!!!       Beautifully kept grounds  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mpp6
<Content>Bahia - Boo Hoo Arrived at the Bahia Principe March 29, 2008 - the rooms we were originally booked into were facing a construction site!!! My intention was to be at a resort not a construction zone - be aware buildings 36 and 30 have rooms facing this construction that i am sure will continue for the next many months.Found the registration person - Hector to be arrogant and not helpful. Dining staff in all areas were great - especially the Grill House.Had Diamond Club access so we were able to eat at the Italian Restaurant for Breakfast and Lunch - so avoided the cattle call at the larger dining room buffet.There was almost nonexistent service around the Diamond Pool.The number of children roaming the hotel til late into the night was disturbing, especially at the Karaokee bar after midnight. We were a group of four women - I would definitely not recommend this resort if you are trying to relax. Next time we will go to an adults only resort!!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	1	3	3	

<Author>mlatek
<Content>Fun at the Bahia Principe! We just returned from our stay at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana - stayed there from March 21-28, 2008. Since we are a family of four with our children ages 13 and 15, we were required to book two rooms. Our only other experience at an all-inclusive resort was last year at the Grand Palladium Riviera Maya, which we loved. I'll start out by saying that we had a wonderful week at the Bahia, we would go back again, and we will recommend it to others.ARRIVAL/ROOMS:Our flights were uneventful, and when we arrived at the Punta Cana airport, we were greeted by the locals and had our picture taken. We did need to purchase the $10 visitor's card for each of us at one desk, then walked a bit further on and handed it to another person. We did not have to pay the $20 departure tax as it was included in our package. We used Silva's Dominican Transfers and enjoyed their service. It was great to be wisked directly to our resort and not have to wait for a bus to fill up and stop at a lot of other resorts on the way to the Bahia. We booked the Bavaro side of the resort, since this is the side offered through FunJet, but we were given rooms on the Punta Cana side. Although we requested connecting rooms, we were given two rooms in Villa 9, one on the second floor, and one on the third. The next day I visited the Reception desk several times and they were able to switch us to two connecting rooms in the same villa after someone checked out (it was a Saturday, so I knew there would be lots of people leaving). Our friends and my husband's parents were put in the same villa as us, which was convenient. We did not purchase any special upgrades to Golden, Diamond, etc. The resort was full during this spring break week, but there were no signs indicating that they were voluntarily moving people to other resorts. After checking in, I went straight to Guest Services to book our ala carte dinners. The Guest Services rep I got was somewhat unfriendly, and it was difficult to get the choices we wanted at any early times. We asked for the steakhouse and couldn't get it until the last night of our stay at 9:15 at night. We got the Gourmet for an 8:30 reservation one night, and the Japanese with a 7:30 reservation. The Italian restaurant was only available the last night of our stay as well. It seems that the prime reservation times must all be given to the guests with the upgraded rooms (Golden, Diamond, Premier, Ambar). The service for the rest of our stay was just outstanding everywhere we went!After making our reservations, we were taken to our rooms by the bellhop, and then we wandered the resort. The junior suites were nice - spacious, clean, and the maid service was wonderful. Refrigerator restocked every day. No, we were not overtaken by bugs, ants, or mosquitos! STAFF/SERVICE:We found the service to be outstanding at this resort, with lots of smiling faces. We also felt in general that the employees here didn't expect tips as much as those in Mexico. Yes, the staff here has poorer English skills than the resort employees in Mexico, but it was not a problem. They tried hard to speak English, and we tried to use Spanish. They always appreciate when you try! Our son knows a little Spanish, so that definitely helped us in a couple of cases. This seems to bother so many people, and I don't really understand how they weren't aware of that before they went there. Because the guests were from the U.S., Canada, and Europe, the staff was not only trying to learn English, but also French and many other languages. FOOD:Overall, we felt the food here was really good. When we went to the Palladium in Mexico, we thought their food was awesome, but we all agreed that we thought it was maybe even a little better overall at the Bahia Punta Cana. This surprised us since we always heard the food in Punta Cana was not very good. Yes, some things were different, but it is a foreign country. My son thought the day-to-day variety was better at the Bahia's evening buffet. We don't feel we are picky people, but we thought than anyone ought to be able to find something they like. If they can't, then they shouldn't be staying at all-inclusive resorts. The buffet was really good, especially the omelets, pasta cooking station, and fresh cooked meat/seafood. The fresh fruit was perfect every day, and the juices at breakfast - yum! The only thing I missed was a variety of dressings to choose from to make fresh salads - maybe this is an American thing. Even their pizza choices at the evening buffet were very good - lots of variety. There were many choices of Dominican food on the buffet for those looking for some local culture. I liked the house white wine here better than that at the Palladium in Mexico (a Spanish wine). Here are the theme nights that were listed for the buffet:Mon-Spanish, Tues-Italian, Wed-Caribbean, Thurs-Mexican, Fri-Dominican, Sat-Gala, Sun-AmericanOur experiences at the ala cartes were wonderful. The atmosphere in all three (Japanese, Gourmet, and Grill) was really nice. Service was outstanding. Wonderful food at the Japanese! At the Gourmet, we all had either SurfTurf (with lobster) or steak - excellent! At the Grill, we all had a steak that was very good, but probably not excellent. Their appetizers and soups were wonderful. The snack bars by the pool served lunch every day - burgers, fries, chicken, pizza, hot dogs, etc. Food was okay, got us through the day when we were too lazy to leave the beach area! A couple of us did have some stomach issues. We had Cipro antibiotic from our doctor, Pepto, and Immodium, so it didn't get too severe. I wonder if we would have been better off to just take a couple of Peptos every morning. DRINKS:We are not big drinkers, but we like to have our share of fun frozen drinks! Dirty monkeys, Miami Vice's, and Adelita's were very popular with us. Adelita is like an orange dreamsicle. My kids liked having the alcohol-free versions of the drinks too. Just be careful - with my 15-year-old, it wasn't uncommon for them to give him a drink with alcohol in it once in awhile, and I don't think he looks like he's 18 yet! The best surprise of the week was the flaming coffee drink the prepared in the lobby after dinner several nights. I don't even like coffee, but this one was yummy - must have been the alcohol in it! I know it had rum, cream, and maybe kahlua. The best drinks by far are served at the lobby bar, because the frozen drinks are blended fresh, rather than being made from a mix in a machine. The bar tenders at the lobby bar and the pool bars were lots of fun! Happy! Happy! The beach bar was not in use while we were there, because it was ruined in the tidal wave from the week before. They were just getting it up and running the day we left. Poor us - we had to walk all the way to the pool bar from the beach to get a drink! It's amazing that we survived! POOLS/BEACH:There is a huge pool right at the beach - great location, but very busy. We prefer the beach, as we like the sand, the waves, and the cooling breeze. Plus it's not so loud and crowded. There were always loungers to be found at the beach, but the pool was more difficult to find loungers. We were there during a very busy spring break week though. The sand is so fine and soft - one of the nicest beaches I've seen! There are also two pools halfway between the beach and the lobby, one for diamond guests only, the other for anyone. We never used that pool, but it was much more quiet and easier to find loungers there. The Premier section and the Ambar also have their own pools. There were always lots of pool aerobics, dancing, and games going on. Dancing, aerobics, and yoga on the beach as well. Restrooms at the pool are few and far between. They could use more women's restrooms, especially. There always seemed to be a wait.Our kids played lots of beach volleyball and rode the banana boats (for a fee). Scuba Caribe offers a lot of watersports, but we found it difficult to reserve the kayaks or sailboats - never did get to use either due to the wind being too strong the day we had kayaks reserved. There's no snorkeling from the beach, but you can take a snorkel trip by boat with Scuba Caribe to a reef for $31 per person. Although we had our gear with us, we never got around to doing this. The beach is a public beach, so you can walk forever in either direction, past all of the other resorts. Our kids even played beach volleyball at the Riu Palace the first couple of days because the Bahia's volleyball net was down for a couple of days due to the high winds the days before we arrived. THE GROUNDS:This is a beautifully maintained resort that we felt was very easy to navigate even though it was large. It is not even close to as large as the Grand Palladium in Mexico! There were a lot of workers always tending to the grounds - we stopped several times and chatted with some of them, gave them a tip, and thanked them for their hard work. They were so surprised and greatful that someone recognized their work. The tram that goes back and forth between the beach pool and the lobby was very convenient and one stopped every couple of minutes at each stop. It does get very busy during peak periods with people going to the lobby for dinner or to the beach. Even so, it's not that long of a walk to get back and forth on foot. ACTIVITIES:The only evening show we went to was the Michael Jackson show, and it was really good. There was almost always action in the Punta Cana lobby bar in the evenings - there was often an entertainer with his keyboard playing and singing. We go to bed fairly early so we can get up and enjoy our days at the beach.The Pueblo Principe was a neat area, with shops, the disco, casino, karaoke bar, photo shop, and internet cafe. I used the Internet cafe ($12 for one hour) to check email a couple of times. Sports Center - It is way out in front of the lobby, a long walk. We went there the first evening to play mini golf, which was fun, but never went back because it was so far away from everything. There were tennis courts, a basketball court, and a soccer field there. The Spa was out there too - never used that. Did get a couple of massages on the beach, which were reasonably priced. The only tour we did was the Zip-lining tour with Bavaro Runners - booked this with FunJet at the resort. This was our first time ziplining, and it was fun. My husband and youngest son don't like heights and were a bit nervous about it, but they enjoyed it. I know it is nothing like the ziplining in Costa Rica or Puerto Vallarta, so if you've done that, you probably would not be impressed with this. For us it was perfect though.LEAVING PUNTA CANA:We again used Silva's service to take us to the airport - great service. Yes, baggage handlers at the airport took our bags out of the back of the van before we got out, but they waited for us, and took the bags to the security table. We tipped them - figured they're just trying to make a living. We kept a close eye on our bags while they were inspected and had no problems. Locked our bags after the inspection, waited in line to check in, then went through security with no problems. CONCLUSION:I would recommend this resort, and Punta Cana in general, to anyone who loves a beach vacation, and I would go back in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>julieBrough
<Content>Fabulous time We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana from 20th March until the 3rd of April. There were five of us ages 48,41,24,17 and 10. We all loved it!We were there over the busy easter period and it never once felt crowded. HOTEL: The grounds are immaculately kept and the hotel itself is spotless. Lots of reviews go on about the size of the hotel but we could not see what the problem was. The trams run constantly but its only a few minutes walk anywhere. Why people stand waiting for a tram I have no idea but looking at the size of some people perhaps some walking would do them the world of good.ROOMS: We were in villa 9 and our house keeper was Jaquelyn.She kept our rooms beatifully clean and the mini bar stocked. We did not have any issues with bugs or mosquitos. The rooms are spacious and well furnished.FOOD: The food is varied and we all enjoyed what we ate. We ate at the Japanese, Mexican, steak house and italian. All were good and the buffet has something for evrybody. STAFF: All without exception work hard to make sure guests enjoy their stay. We thought they were all friendly and helpful. SUN LOUNGERS: We went to the beach every day and we were alwas able to find sun loungers and shade without feeling crowded. The large pool near the beach is where the activities are and people get up very early to reserve loungers with their towels.And thats ok if thats how you want to spend your holiday! OVERALL: In our experience the is a great hotel and we have stayed at other hotels in the area in previous years but we believe we had the best time here. We intend to go back next year.Some people will complain about anything and in general I think its a state of mind and attitude to life. IF YOU HAVE BOOKED YOUR HOLIDAY HERE: Great! go and have funIF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A HOTEL: We can highly reccommend the Gran Bahia Principe  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>luv-puntacana45
<Content>Amazing Amazing Amazing!!! I came back from the Bahai Principe a week a go! It was the most amazing holiday ever. I went with my husband and an other couple, we couldn't ask for more. When we got there we were all upgraded to the Ambar, (it was a nice surprise) we felt spoiled! The staff was amazing, food was amazing, beach was beautiful, entertainment was awesome. I don't know how another trip will compare. This was our seconed time to Punta Cana, last time we stayed at the Bavaro Princess. We thought that was great, but the Bahai was a step up! Don't hesitate to go to this resort. Our stay was from March 20th - 27th.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smitty007
<Content>Not so Bad Travelled to Bahia Principe March 18 and returned April 1. Travelled with my wife and two kids, 13 and 11.RoomsOur first week we stayed in villa 17 near the two lobbies in a ground floor room. The rooms are nice, we had two double beds and a sleeper sofa. Beds were comfortable yet small and we had no issues with room. We were upgraded to Golden the second week , villa 22 (near the beach) and while the room was very close to beach, all the other extras are a bit of a scam. ComplexBIG is the first impression. The trolley is good but it only takes about 5 minutes to walk from either lobby to the beach. No matter what villa or what upgrade you have, you will be going from one end of the resort to the other. The buffets, restaurants, lobbies, shops, pools are all spread out so get use to it.Grounds are immaculate, people always working. The construction for those who backed onto the site looks like it would have been annoying especially considering the service road there is really busy.PoolsThree pools available to those unless you are Ambar or Premier. The main pool is nice but very busy and the chairs go fast. There are two pools in the middle of the resort, one for regular guests and another for Diamond/Club Hacienda. These two pools are smaller and fill quickly. Problem I noticed especially at the two smaller pools was that Ambar and Premier guests were taking up the limited number of seats. This causes a few problems as regular guests are not allowed at the Ambar or Premier pool.FoodBuffets - There are two buffets, one in each lobby. There is alot of selection. Yes we did get cold food, food that was over-cooked and the taste was different but food was not problematic. I did notice Ambar guests were being turned away from these buffets.A la CartesWe ate at (7) of them:1) French - service and food excellent. Order the filet mignon, it was incredible.2) Mexican - service and food excellent. Buffet style appy's that were usually enough. We ate twice here.3) Garden Grill - steakhouse, good service and the food was very good.4) Japanese - excellent food, service ok. The cook we had was a rookie so we did not get a show like other guests.5) Italian - food was ok but service was horrible. Appy's not good if you have kids6) Mediteranean - food horrible (cold) and service was absolutely brutal7) Brazilian BBQ - service was ok, alittle pushy but the food was brutal. They totally over-cooked all the meat to the point it was burnt. If you like well,well done, this ones for you.Snack Bar At the main pool, it was ok for salad, burgers, hotdogs, pasta and we ate lunch there most days only because the buffets are at the other end of the resort.ServiceSlow is the first thing that comes to mind. We asked for a cot the 2nd or 3rd day and were first told the hotel did not have any. we went to guest services and they called the housekeeping manager directly but one never showed up.Be careful what you leave out in your room. We took down some snacks for the kids and some of those were chocolate bars. The bars were inside a drawer and went missing. We thought no big deal and didn't mention it. But then we were tired one night and came back early from the show. At about 1030 pm, we heard someone entering our room. My wife confronted an employee entering our room. When she saw my wife, she pretended to talk on a cell phone and left. Later that night, at 0300 am, we hear a knock on the door. Answer the door and another employee is standing there and claims she is looking for her 17 year old daughter!! Not sure why she checked our room but something fishy here. We complained in the morning and were quickly escorted to Guest Services. we told them what happened and they were not happy. There was no reason for the first employee to be entering our room. We were not Golden at the time and were not getting turn down or towels replaced. We ended up getting T-shirts, flowers, fruit tray and a letter of apology from the manager. So beware, they can enter your room at anytime and chocolate is like gold there.ShoppingPueblo Principe at the front of the resort is ok. The cheapy cheapy huts are about 20-30 minute walk down the beach to the right. Everything is expensive so take lots. We ran out of sunscreen, very hot there, and it was $15-20 US for a bottle that would normally cost $8. Make sure you bargain, there first price is usually so bad it is insulting. Divide it by half then do it again and that it the price you should pay. Our last night, we bought a wooden gecko and a bamboo wind chime for gifts. The guys first price was $140 US!! I could buy it at Wal-Mart for $30 probably. At the end, I took out $35 US and said that's it, and after much groaning and whining I walked away with the stuff.BeachBest part of the resort. Lots of chairs and palapas. Beautiful sand and water though it is rough (wavy). The beach was closed for one day, they actually had security to keep people out of the water as the waves were large and the current was strong. You will not be disappointed by the beach.ActivitiesAnimation crew tries really hard and are entertaining. We watched the Lion King and most of Michael Jackson, very good shows. There is mini-gold, tennis, basketball, tennis and lots of games at the beach and pool. If you want to do something, there is lots to do. If you have kids, try the mini-golf, its a bit of a joke but the kids loved it!UpgradesWe were upgraded to Golden club for the second week of our stay. The Golden club is closer to beach but the extras IMO are not worth the extra cash. Room service is a joke. All you get is left-overs from the buffet. I ordered chicken nuggets and fries and they were absolutely cold and had been sitting around for hours. You get 15 minutes internet per day but the computers are tragically slow and the 15 minutes is over before you get started. We never did get the turn down service. The alarm clock did not work (we requested a new one), coffee maker and hair dryer. You do get 1 extra a la carte which is nice.Excursions1) Caribbean Festival - Awesome, must do!! Boat ride, snorkel with sting-rays and sharks then stop at a small reef and snorkel with various colorful fish that will eat right out of your hand. Staff on board very entertaining. 2) Saona Island - Was really looking forward to this one but was disappointed. Bus trip about 1.5 hrs one way. Our speed boat broke down. When we arrived at the Natural Piscine, it is alittle disappointing. We then arrived at Saona Island for a BBQ lunch. The beach it nice but no different than what you get at the hotel. Thank God we didn't pay for this one.3) Altos de Chavon - don't waste your time!4) Dune Buggies (Rancho Llando) - Horseback riding, swimming in a cave, local farm, beach and then dune buggie. All was fun except the dune buggy part. You are not allowed to do another other than follow the lead employee in line. Never made it out of 2nd gear, it was a 4 speed!! Jurassic Buggy is the same thing.Overall, we all enjoyed our two weeks at the resort but would not return. The problems were minor and we really tried to overlook them. That area of the beach I guess is known to be wavy and there is no snorkelling. Having been to the Dominican before, we expected the food difference and different pace but I was expecting alittle more from the resort especially after being upgraded. I also really noticed a big problem with the amount of English spoken and understood by staff. I understand it is the Dominican and English isjust one language but interacting with staff was difficult. Our family speaks French and as many of the employees are Haitian, that helped alot but other than guest services and certain restaurant staff, Spanish is it and even if you find one that cliams they understand English but count on it.I  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	2	2	

<Author>SpammySr
<Content>Best All Inclusive Everything! We've been to all inclusive resorts before in the Caribbean and Mexico - we're 2 adults and one teenager. We didn't expect much in terms of food, but boy were we happily surprised! The food in most of the restaurants we ate in from the buffets to the a la cartes were excellent (except for some frozen flan we were disappointed in). The service was fantastic except for the French restaurant. The property is beautiful, and we were upgraded to the Premier section which we were thrilled about. It's great if you don't want to be in the hussle and bussle of waiting on lines for food and drink in the main section of the property. We thought we would mind the fact that 3 hotels are together, but being in the Premier section was being in your own little oasis. We can't wait to go back with other families. The only suggestion --- bring your own pillows - their's are rock hard!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katChicago_il
<Content>only good things to say... We just returned from our trip to punta cana's Gran Bahia Principe, and I can't say enough wonderful things about it! I had done a lot of research before we went on this trip, and I must say that all of the negative comments about bugs, malaria, poor service and bad food were wrong! The people there were wonderful, the grounds and rooms were immaculate, service was excellent, as was the food. They thought of everything before I could think of it myself. We upgraded to Golden Club, and there were fresh beach towels brought to our room every night, we got to eat in four specialty restaurants, which they booked for us and handed to us when we checked in, and check in was fast and easy. Our rooms were right by the beach and pool, and the trolleys ran constantly if we didn't feel like walking up to the lobby or restaurants. Truly, don't believe anything negative that you read. Take lots of sunscreen, a good appetite and enjoy this beautiful place and it's people.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WJR-041
<Content>A very good resort for the most part (complete review) Our family of three (ages 41, 38 and 10) stayed here (Club Diamond area) from March 8th to March 22nd, 2008. We read all the reviews for three months before going ... this review is a bit long (I noted things each day) but should answer most of your questions.Our first week (March 8-15) it was Punta Cana-da, since it was the Ontario March Break . Week two (March 15 to 22) it was a nice mix of Americans, Canadians, Brits and other Europeans with a few folks from Venezuela and Mexico, from what I could tell of the languages being spoken.THE PROPERTY-- Yes it is big, but the shuttles run every 2 to 3 minutes. The property from the highway entrance to the beach is about 1.6 km (1 mile) long. The actual length of the resort from the Pueblo Principe (the shopping area) to the beach is about 800m (half a mile).-- Yes it is immaculately kept. They are always cleaning or painting or repairing stuff or watering. The grounds are immaculate.-- No it is not confusing. Take 10 minutes to look at the map, orient yourself and you will be fine. Those who think it is complicated probably live in a town with one street.-- This resort is actually four resorts in one: -- Premier is a quaint section closest to the shopping area, spa and gym (it's dinky for a 1,900 room resort) and main reception lobbies, yes lobbies .. but farthest from the beach.  -- Ambar is down on the left (when looking toward the beach) and is adults only (they have two separate a la carte restaurants, separate check-in and their own gym). -- Bavaro is on the left hand side and includes Club Diamond and some Gold club and the private Hacienda/Club Diamond pool. -- Punta Cana is on the right hand side with the all access pools.THE FOOD  RESTAURANTS: -- The buffets (on both sides, Punta Cana and Bavaro) in the main lobbies are standard. Breakfast is the best meal (get your omelettes extra cooked, trust me), lunch is not bad and dinners are usually themed ... Mexican, Caribbean, International, Seafood ... but there is always a pasta bar, kids section and flatbread pizzas. There is a good selection but it is a buffet, food is hardly ever steaming hot at a buffet. Here's a hint, go to the middle of the serving dishing (lasagna, fries, prepared meats ... whatever ... are warmest in the middle). For one week it is not repetitive, for two weeks, it's a touch repetitive.Note: The buffet from 8pm on is a zoo ... go earlier if you want better selection and something that doesn't resemble your high school days. -- The pool snack bar and beach snack bars are okay for midday snacks (burgers, dogs, a pasta, nice fruits, bread section, a chicken and/or fish selection, etc.). Buffet is good for lunch. Club diamond and gold club members can also do lunch at the Italian, which is nice.-- We did Steak house (twice), Mexican, Mediterranean, French and Japanese for our a la cartes over the two weeks. Steak house and Japanese were quite good, the others so so. Depending on the night they may rush you or service may be slow ... it is all a function of volume. If you are Hacienda, Diamond or Gold Club, you can email public relations at the hotel in advance to get your reservations pre-booked, if not, you have to blow two hours your first full day making reservations. But there are 10 restaurants to chose from (not including the two in Ambar if you are staying in this section). -- Breakfast near the pool in the mornings (restaurant or snack bars) is okay, but not as nice as the buffet.-- The bars are fine, but for a five star resort, you would think that premium brands (Crown Royal, Johnny Walker etc.) would be included as opposed to extra charges.ANIMATION TEAM  SHOWS:-- Animation folks are outgoing but not aggressive in terms of beach and pool games. The Michael Jackson show on Monday nights is good, the others, so so ... but they try hard. The theatre each night is pretty packed ... get there at least 30 mins before for a good seat. Go to the theatre bar for drinks, the service is somewhat slow.-- Lobby bar on the Bavaro side has a singer/piano guy most nights who is gawd awful ... I wish I would have tipped him not to sing and play.BEACH  POOLS:-- Beach is nice buy crowded. Similar to stretches of the Mayan in Mexico or Veradero in Cuba ... hotel after hotel, people galore. But it is nice white sand and a good 40 m (44 yards) at low tide. The water is warm and swimming areas never go over your head. -- Pools are clean (except for beach area pool) but can get busy like a cruise ship on a sea day at times.-- Chairs .. if you put your towels down between 7 and 8am at the pools you are okay, 6:30 ish or so for prime spots under a palapas at the beach.iSERVICE:-- This is basically good in terms of serving staff, but the resort is so huge, you never get seated in the same buffet section twice, the bar staff is respectful or warm but usually not superfriendly. Tipping does not seem to influence service.-- Maids are quite and quick cleaners. Technicians (just call front desk) for any problems, were johnny on the spot in 5 minutes. Same thing for bellboys on checkout.PET PEEVES:-- Capuccino's ... specifically order them hot or the cold whipped cream makes them taste like a frapuccino from Starbuck's or iced Cap from Tim Horton's.-- Folks who are noisy in the early AM or late at night ... people, it's a resort, shut up and keep your voices down when coming back up the stairs to your room.-- European kids ... apparently it's a cultural norm for little munchkins to run all over a buffet or a la carte restaurant during dinner. If you want to avoid kids at the restaurants specifically, book a time after 8pm.-- If your boy is 10 or over, when you go to an a la carte restaurant, make him wear some pants as opposed to shorts and especially for the North Americans, take off your baseball caps when eating at an indoor restaurant ... kids and adults alike.SUMMARY:-- This is a very nice resort, but the Dominican (like Cuba) is still a third world country. If you want pure five star, 100% attentive and flawless service, then please stay in your cushy Europoean city, U.S suburb or Canadian locale ... minor stuff will happen hear, roll with it ... and remember a vacation should be like the old motto when it comes to golf ... your worst day on the greens is still better than your best day at the office.If you have other questions re: rooms, excursions, tipping, exchange rates, bugs (there weren't any), just drop me a line, I will try to answer them.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>scottieColorado
<Content>Beautiful Beach! Average Service Our family of five just returned from a Spring Break vacation at the Bahia Principe. Our party included two teenage boys and a 10-year-old. We were a little worried about the vacation after reading some of the reviews from travelers in February. Fortunately, some of the problems they encountered such as mosquitoes and other insects were not present in March.Overall, we had a good experience! When we travel to the Caribbean we know to expect a more casual and beachy feel at the hotel. Also, even though we are not laid back people; we try to enjoy our vacation and deal with whatever sitaution may present itself. Below I will discuss the hotel in more detail:Grounds and Beach: The grounds are well kept and beautiful. Flowers, plants, hummingbirds and well-kept pools. The sand is white and soft. The ocean warm and blue. Just what you should expect in a tropical setting!!! It is a very large resort and is easy to get around by walking or shuttle. Even though it was a very busy time of year, we never had trouble getting lounge chairs at the beach or pool.Food: We were able to go to six specialty restaurants during our ten day stay. The Italian and French were our favorite. The fish restaurant was terrible, mostly because of substandard service. The buffets are quite good for an all-inclusive. We have some picky eaters in our family including: a vegeterian, non-cheese eater, nut and fish allergy. We were always able to find a variety of items. There was always a huge selection of delicious fresh tropical fruits!Check the CDC website before traveling. We were advised to take malaria pills as there was a confirmed case of malaria in February. These must be started a week before travel. Rooms: We decided to upgrade to the Golden Club. Most of our time is spent at the beach and these accomodations are very close to both the beach and pool. The rooms were fine, kept clean, and the mini bar well stocked. Service: We did have a problem at check-in. Our travel company had given us vouchers with the wrong information. Our teenage boys were categorized as children rather than adults. We had paid the adult price, but the form was wrong. The clerk was not helpful with the problem. Although it was not the resorts mistake (or ours),we were having problems getting through to the United States to have the issue resolved. No one seemed to care or to want to help us with the situation. It took 2 1/2 hours and a more helpful clerk to finally get it resolved. They would not let us check in to even one of our rooms(which was fully paid). It was very upsetting and should not have taken so long!! Often, during our stay we had trouble getting service. I assume this is the case because there are a lot of guests and not always enough staff.Dive Center: Teenage son received his scuba certification and traveled to Catalina Island. Great service and fun!!!Overall, we enjoyed our vacation. There were people of all ages and from many different countries. Even though there were some problems, various issues can occur anywhere. We would definitely go back to this resort.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>Field_Family_UK
<Content>Punta Cana 5* but NOT this complex After all the years using this site I thought it鈥檚 about time I contributed.1 adult and 2 children in a party of 18 for a wedding.We only went for 2nd week (rest of party were there for 2 weeks)Check In:-Completed on transfer to hotel, key cards worked and room in same block as party that had travelled out the previous week.The Room:-Clean and nicely furnished.I had requested 2 beds but got 1 double plus sofa bed.By time I would have had to wait to get sorted I didn鈥檛 take any further. Grounds:-Very clean and tidy. Beware of Tram ( car pulling trailers with seats ) , these run all day up central path and do not observe pedestrians , especially if you have young children.Staff:-All staff that we came in to contact with were extremely happy, especially waiters in main restaurant and bar staff in pool bar (Non Diamond pool).Manager in guest services was very unhelpful, Other members of party had pre booked a few of the additional restaurants and were told that it would be no problem adding my party of 3 to these bookings once we had checked in, when we tried to do this we were advised restaurants were full. Food:-Basic in main restaurant and a bit repetitive (even though we were there for 1 week)Italian  Garden Grill nice but Japanese (Mikado) was out of this world.Pools:-4 pools in total , depending on level of Guest (Gold , Diamond , Ordinary)1 pool for Gold , 1 for Gold and Diamond , 2 for all.Main pool by beach for all guests was very busy. Sun beds around smaller pool for all guests got reserved by about 09:00am so be prepared to join in.Sun beds around Diamond pool were available all day. The Beach:-Having stayed in Punta Cana before (RUI Bambu) the beach was one of the main reasons for coming back to this region. The area in front of the Gran Bahia Principe has been ruined by the sheer volume of Straw Beach umbrellas that are now in place.2 years ago it was just palm trees, but now 200 plus people all occupy a small space with the usual reservation of sun beds starting from either the previous evening or from 07:00am Entertainment:-All shows very good apart from Man v Women night. Use waitresses for drinks as quicker than waiting at bars.To Summarise:-Having been to Punta Cana before I would defiantly come back but NOT to this hotel.It would have to be to one of the smaller RUI hotels just along from this hotel, I felt like I was on holiday here and truly a guest of the country.This Complex is too big and as such feels very in personal. It is made up of 4 hotels, the main 2 being Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana  Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro (Punta Cana for European鈥檚 and Bavaro for Americans  Canadians) then the Club Diamond Guest鈥檚 and the Adults only part.There is too many different types of guest鈥檚 for the complex to function as a true 5* resort. Surely if 5* then this should be for all.  The food in the main buffet restaurant caters for the volume of users, rather than focusing on quality. Defiantly recommend the Italian  Japanese (Mikado)  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	-1	4	3	

<Author>telykv
<Content>Beautiful Resort Everything went very smooth. Beautiful resort and we received excellent treatment. When we arrived at 1:00 pm we were sent to Diamond check-in were able to get in room right away. When I initially booked room for 2 adults and 2 teenagers, I was told by travel rep it was cheaper to book 1 room with 2 double beds. When we got there, we found out they had booked up 2 rooms, side by side, with a king in each. This was a bonus for us and the kids liked having their own room. The manager of the Diamond Service greeted us and followed us out to get our bags. After asking us if we had been to the Dominican before, we told here we had stayed at a Bahia resort last November in Samana and she was thrilled to hear it so she made sure that we received our safety deposit box for free. That was a real plus!Rooms were kept clean and always decorated with towels and flowers. Towels were sometimes late in day, but always there and we could always get more if we needed. By end of trip, we had more blue beach towels than we knew what to do with. Staff was very friendly and my 14 year old loved the drink that the one waitress gave him to try (Chocolate Monkey). Does anyone know the recipe for this?? We were all drinking them during the week. Daily calls were made to us asking if everything was okay with our room and if we needed anything, we usually received it. I called for an iron and ironing board one day and it was there within 5 minutes. Yes even on Dominican Time. My husband needed computer access and the 20 min a day wouldn't cut it, so when we found out that we could rent a computer with wireless access, he went for it. Only $100.00 for 5 days. Thought that was pretty cheap. Waves on the beach for 2 days caused the resort to close beach which was a bummer, but safety was more important. Only one problem that I would complain about and that was the 1 tour we booked was cancelled due to strong water currents and no one called us to tell us. The tour operator was suppose to call us, but she missed our name, so we sat around waiting for an hour for nothing. Not the resorts fault but the tour operators.Also, we did notice the sewer smell by the buffet. The resort should work on fixing that problem.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>gordandcath
<Content>Spectacular We just got back on Saturday, and I am suffering from withdrawals.I have traveled extensively in the Caribbean, and have never found a resort as wonderful as this one.Firstly, we were upgraded to the Ambar resort when we arrived. This is the new adults only area. What a pleasant surprise! From the moment we arrived we encountered nothing but smiles and laughter. Between our pathetic Spanish and the staff's English we got along just fine. Truly, I cannot express just how wonderful the staff were. From Ruddy, one of the waiters in the Ambar buffet restaurant who never ceased to greet us in his friendly and pleasant manner to our maid Felicita who always made our room sparkle, we encountered nothing but courtesy and kindness.The facilities are beautiful, restaurants fantastic and the beach is simply divine.We will be going back again and again.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MoxieLondon_Ontario
<Content>Rummy Fun at Gran Bahia: Boats, Beaches, Bars and just one funny smell We were trying not to panic after booking the Edenh Real back in January. 鈥淚鈥檓 sure it鈥檒l be fine鈥hose people are probably just picky鈥?yeah, that鈥檚 it鈥lass on the beach? No problem鈥istfights over the beach chairs? (panic rising)鈥ure, well鈥ey! Who doesn鈥檛 love a good brawl?鈥?br/>So when Sears travel called to tell us the resort was overbooked, the call went something like this:Sears: The Edenh is overbooked. We were wondering鈥?br/>Us: YesYES a thousand times yes.We were mentally prepared for our Air Canada Vacations super-annoying three-flight deal (London-Toronto-Montreal-Punta Cana). We were not prepared for our London flight to be cancelled due to weather. We left the London airport at 8, and hoped that in the weather that barred planes from taking off, we鈥檇 be able to get to Toronto on time. We arrived at 11:10 for our 11:45 flight, and frightfully added a $160 parking fee onto our trip. Luckily for us, our Toronto flight was delayed, and we ended up at the Montreal airport at 2 am. The Punta Cana airport is delightful. With the thatched roof, the local musicians playing as you enter, the winsome locals costumed for your ($8) photo opportunity, it鈥檚 all very fun. Air Canada gave us a card that covered our $10 entrance fee to the country. The last time we were in Punta Cana, we had a $25 departure tax, so we were prepared for that as we left, but it was never charged. Air Canada must have swung some sweet deal. Or they saw us coming with our over-sized, thermal (HELLO! Environmentally friendly!) travel mugs and figured us loud, soon-to-be-drunken Neanderthals weren鈥檛 worth the bother.With polite direction from an Air Canada rep, we made our way to our quickly departing coach bus, where Wendel, a tri-lingual (French, English and Spanish) customer service representative from the resort distributed our bracelets, room keys, and maps on the bus. As soon as we arrived at the resort, I made a quick right into the guest services room to book our a la cartes, while my husband was immediately whisked with our bags to our rooms. I spoke with Jean, and immediately booked The Garden Grill and Mikado, the two we had decided on previously. After I expressed some (charming) indecision between the Dominican and the Brazilian, Jean offered to seat us for both. We also had friends that greased the Guest Services people with a 20 for an extra dinner, and ones that got an extra one by showing up a little early to one of the a la cartes.Our room (17105) was on the ground floor of the 3rd building away from the lobby, and one building away from the centre pool鈥攁 great location, we decided, for going to dinner in high heels, stumbling home after karaoke, running for more sunblock from the pool, and a nice walk to beach to work off some of those calories. The room was cool, and not musty at all. We especially loved the marble bathroom with Jacuzzi tub (which I tried, and was very relaxing). A few(completely minor) annoyances: the tv has no channel listing, and no numbers to press on the remote to go to a specific channel. There is no clock or iron in the room (although we borrowed one from guest services that came immediately, and was followed up by 2 phone calls to be sure that we had it and enjoyed it!)My first impression of the main buffet: Yum! No, sorry that was my second impression. My first impression was:Why does the lobby smell like a bathroom? Even the (very well-appointed) lobby bathroom doesn鈥檛 smell like a bathroom! While waiting in the lobby, I heard a little kid ask his mom why the lobby of the buffet smelled so bad.Mom: That鈥檚 just the smell of every food in the buffet blending together!Really? Because I鈥檝e never walked into the kitchen while my husband鈥檚 making a stir-fry and thought, 鈥淥ooh, garbage water and sewage!鈥?br/>I enjoyed the buffet: I really liked the stewed meat (very tender鈥he average piece of beef in DR is tough鈥攑robably because it鈥檚 not kept in a tiny pen like in NA鈥攂ut not if it鈥檚 been stewed), rice and beans鈥攁uthentic Dominican food. I had a hot dog, which was also perfectly good.I thought the service in the main buffet was consistent. All servers made an attempt to speak the language of their guests (whether it been English, French or German), and appreciated your massacring of their romantic language. I never waited for agua or caf茅 con leche, which I appreciated. We explored the resort, and quickly found a spot under a palapa at the pool (at 3 pm). The pool bar service was quick, although we found the bartender Fernando a lot friendlier and faster than Feliciano. While they don鈥檛 have Strawberry Daquiris (my favourite), they had 6 different kinds of slushie mixes: Pina Colada, Lemon, Coco Loco (straight coconut), a Chocolateish one, Blue Hawaii (Coconut and Blue Curacao) and sometimes an orangey one as well. Yum!The walk to the beach is not bad at all. Yes, the resort is big, but we often beat the tram walking down to the beach. From the lobby, it is about 8-10 minutes at a brisk pace, but there are plenty of stops along the way if you want to jump on a tram part-way. The pool right by the beach is very big (although not as expansive as other resorts I鈥檝e seen), and seemed to be really busy, especially with kids. The other pools were not available to us, and didn鈥檛 seem to be busy at all.The beach is gorgeous. The sand is not hot, and is very light and soft. The water is a beautiful green. We absolutely loved the waves, and got some 鈥渂ody boards鈥?from the sports centre (located at the right end of the beach if you鈥檙e facing the water). You can borrow them for an hour with a 20 dollar deposit (each). We found that you could 鈥渞ide the waves鈥?by timing a jump right just as well. The water has no rocks at all along the shore, but we found when the water was calm, there was more 鈥渟tuff鈥?(seaweed and other natural debris) swirling around your legs. We got up at 7:30 everyday to get a good spot on the beach: under a palapa, with a table and chairs, right in front of the bar. Our friends got up at 9:30, and had no problem finding chairs in the sun.The first night we went to the Garden Grille. The service was wonderful: empty glasses, plates and warm towels were swept away by the many servers immediately after use. The Caesar salad bar was a bit of a disappointment: iceberg lettuce, and a strange-tasting dressing. I actually found that most salad dressings throughout the resort had a bitter taste to me: almost like a sour vinegar. My husband had the steak (cooked medium rare) and also the shrimp brioche, and I had the beef ribs, both were 鈥済ood鈥?and served with crispy onions and a plantain wrap and potato. For dessert, I had a pineapple crisp with ice cream that was super, super sweet. The pineapple there is so sweet naturally that glazing it makes it almost inedible! The restaurant had very nice ambiance and friendly service.The Dominican Restaurant was a little tough to find: it鈥檚 in the Premiere section, past the lobby (toward the road) on the 鈥淏avaro side鈥?of the resort (the left if you鈥檙e facing the water). The restaurant is open air, and they served a nice welcome drink. This restaurant also had a small buffet for appetizers, and I enjoyed the Dominican soup. They serve plaintain and sweet potato chips and shrimp appetizer which was good. I had the bass with coconut sauce (nice), and my husband had lobster (half) with creole sauce that he said was cooked well. The Brazilian Restaurant is in the open air Restaurant on the beach that is the snack bar during the day. A buffet is offered for appetizers as usual, then the waiters circulate the restaurant with skewered pieces of meat on 3-foot-long metal stakes. The 鈥渞ib鈥?was a dry, cured, thick piece of bacon, which was weird. We were then served a tough piece of beef wrapped in a nearly raw piece of bacon. We didn鈥檛 despise it, but we were full enough by that point, so we left. They do circulate with 8 different kinds of meat, and sitting on the beach at night is really relaxing.The Mikado was our favourite of all the restaurants. As I said to my husband later: Me: That鈥檚 the only meal I had the whole time were here that I ate every part of, and everything I put on my plate!(I often felt so wasteful when trying things at the buffet, but you never know what you might like! I tried it all!)11 people were seated in a private room at a table around the grill. Our cook was Jhonny, who called himself 鈥淛honny Kamikaze from Japanee!鈥?He was sweet, and the food cooked quickly and was delicious. We moved to a smaller table in the middle of the restaurant, and had some fried ice cream for dessert. They also served the 鈥渕oonshine鈥?drink they call something that sounds like 鈥渕arijuana鈥? They serve it in a shot glass, and the waiter told my husband and I to drink it if we 鈥渨anted babies.鈥?br/>We heard it tasted terrible. 鈽?br/>OK, I was positive about the buffet at the beginning of the week, but by Friday, I was pretty tired of rice and beans. Breakfast was my favourite meal, because I loved the omelettes and crepes. But that changed Friday night at the Mexican buffet. I loved all of it: fresh corn tortillas, tortillas chips with chili, cheese sauce, and all the nacho fixings, enchiladas, quesadillas. It was my favourite meal over all for the whole week.The shows were, for the most part, fun and funny: our favourites were the Michael Jackson show, the Hollywood legends show (I鈥檝e always thought of the 鈥淢en in Black鈥?as legends) and the Lion King show. They weren鈥檛 really, um, 鈥渜uality鈥? but they were amusing to watch, and the cast danced well, had good costumes and some cast members demonstrated some charisma and spirit.  Later in the week, we spent a couple of evenings in the karaoke bar, which had a good list of songs to sing, but the books of selections were all in pieces. With papers floating around the bar, finding the song you want to sing may prove to be a challenge. I found it easy to go up and ask the DJ, as he鈥檚 searching it in Windows Media Player anyway. The karaoke bar seemed to be a popular hangout for the underagers, and seeing a couple of them seemingly intoxicated (and singing the guitar part to 鈥淐razy on You鈥濃€攐bviously fans of Guitar Hero!) was a little disconcerting. They had bingo a few afternoons in the pool, a ping-pong tournament every day, and we organized our own pool volleyball game one day. They didn鈥檛 have any games or cards at the Anamacion hut, so I would suggest bringing cards or trivia or something if you like that stuff like me.Overall, we had a wonderful time. The resort was pretty, clean, the beach was gorgeous, and we got the vitamin D and liquor we so desperately desired. Sing the ubiquitous Gran Bahia theme song with me, everyone!Believe me, when you go, you鈥檒l understand!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ellen0818
<Content>We loved gran bahia Principe! We just returned home last night from a seven night stay at Gran Bahia Principe. My husband and I travelled with our nine year old daughter and can't say enough wonderful things about this resort and the people who work there! Let me start by saying that we have travelled throught the Carribbean and Mexico extensively and have stayed at 10 different top of the line all-inclusives sometimes staying at a property more than once. Therefore, I feel we have experienced some of the finest properties out there. Five years ago we stayed at the Iberostar Bavaro in Punta Cana and disliked it very much, which was a great disappointment since we like the Iberostar Paraiso Lindo in Mexico very much. Needless to say, I was not so sure about returning to Punta Cana. What a pleasant surprise we had when we arrived at Gran Bahia Principe! We stayed on the Punta Cana side which is a mirror image of the Bavaro side. Our room was in building 14 on the second floor facing the Diamond Pool.Check In: Check in went very smoothly. Our room was ready when we arrived and we were quickly given a ride on a cart to the room. Compared to other resorts, this process was very quick and painless.The Room: Our room was wonderful. It was clean and well appointed (plenty of towels, drinks in the fridge, robes and slippers). The balcony faced the Diamond pool which was nice to look at. We had a King size bed and a sofa bed for our daughter.Grounds: The grounds are immaculate! The employees are always trimming, cutting and grooming the grounds to keep them so perfect. The landscaping is lush and green. It is a very large property but there are tram cars running every few minutes that can take you from end to end.Employees: The employees are very friendly and enjoyed when we would try to speak Spanish. I can't understand why other people have complained that NO ONE speaks English...this is simply untrue! Yes, they can speak Spanish better than English but they tried to speak English and if they had trouble would find someone who could. Overall, we felt they were some of the nicest workers we ever dealt with on vacation.Food: We had the opportunity to eat at 4 ala carte restaurants. Mikado- Japanese Restaurant- Great food, beautiful atmosphere. We had fish, shrimp, steak and chicken cooked in front of us. Everyone loved the meal!Mexican- Again, everyone loved the meal. I had steak fajitas that were very tasty!Dominican- Dining is outdoors in the Premier section. Again, everyone enjoyed the meal.Gourmet- The most elegant atmosphere and delicious food. My entire family enjoyed Surf and Turf and superb service.Buffet- We ate dinner at the buffet 3 nights. I am not much of a buffet fan, however I was pleasantly surprised. There was a wide variety of food with great flavor. Some dishes could have been kept a little bit hotter, but overall it was pretty good.Pools- We went to the Diamond pool a few days. It was nice because it was less crowded than the main pool and also had a nice swim up bar. The other days we went to the main pool by the beach. Much more was going on there. From yoga to bingo to water aerobics.The Beach-The beach was great the first few days we were there. However, after that the waves got crazy and they had to close the beach for a day. It was wild...the worst they saw in eight years. Parts of the shipwreck were breaking off and washing up on shore, palapas were falling over and the beach bar got destroyed. Pretty crazy! It is a great beach for walking, you can walk and walk and walk!Entertainment-We went to the show nightly. They were good, we especially liked the Michael Jackson show and what they called the circus. It was entertaining and gave us something to do each night. There is also a casino, karaoke bar and disco.Overall, I would say it was a fabulous trip. We would highly recommend this hotel and are looking forward to visiting again!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GenXDad
<Content>Great Resort, But Needs More for the Kids!       Kiddie Pool  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>PUNTACANALOVER49
<Content>punta cana's beach lover my 7th trips to punta cana, first time in bahia principe-punta canaa-addtional charge for the safety deposit box in the room-$4.00/per day, which is total shock , ive been travel to many places(international) , this is the first time, n not to mentioned i booked with upgrade package calledclub hacienda,still get charged,and we only found out when we check in, which is really not a good and happy surprise for our vacation'b-room cleaning-very poor, foundhair in the bathtub, when i chk in the room, and never enough towels in the bathroom, few night i found no towel in the room after return a long hot day by the beach and pool. and wait for the clean towels before you could shower.. club hacienda-the pool towel wl be delivery into the room, it only found the pool towel first day, check in, usually i left the room very early to the pool and beach (towel station still no open yet), so i have to carry out the used pool towel n wait until the towel station open n exchange the clean towel)coffee maker with out coffee pot, for 6 days of my stayed , and finally i contact the club hacienda AGAIN, FINALLY they delivery the coffee pot and pool towel into my room, which only leave me one day to enjoy it, before my check out date.c-odor of sewage-very badd-quality of the food in international buffet or a la -carte-could need more improvementfoods- its very important for my family and group, not to mentioned, 8 days trip, 3 meals/day, snacks in betweene-fresh juice and frozen drink-way too sweetf-size of this resort-its huge-first fews days-kind of confused and frustrated(even try to follow the map) to find your way around and by the time you are familiar with the resort , and its time to leaveg-casino-'DRINK-NOT INCLUDED in your 'ALL INCLUSIVE PACKAGE????!!!!!!overall, its huge and beartiful resort, and unfortunately, my family and friends wont go back , due to above mentioned. hopefully it will be helpful reference and consideration for your future vacation selection  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dawninmontreal
<Content>Screwed up from the beginning Feb 8,2008 I will start off by saying,I was not going to be one who was going to find things to cry about, as i was going to have a good time. we were booked to go in Bavaro .But ended up in Punta Cana side. Well to start things off, this is my story.We were a group of eight.We had asked to be all together,Then we asked that 2 couples have a king bed.And 2 other rooms to have 2 beds in each room .We asked not to be on the ground floor,We asked to be near the beach.we did not get what we wanted.First off when we arrived ,the room that was supposed to have 2 beds in each,only had king size beds.We went to complain, and were told to use it for the night and tomorrow they will change it.Well tomorrow came in the morning, and we were told to come back later.We tried to go for breakfast and we were told we did not have the proper bracelet. But our friends were in there eating, which we did not know. Finally back to try and find our rep for signature travel, and at 12:30 she went to try and straighten it out.She did move us,But not with our friends.And Finally at 1:30pm we were on our way to our new room.I guess the frustration got to me, when we were leaving the desk that I was not paying attention and fell into this gully on the side of the sidewalk and the street.I went down so hard that my arm had a blood clot the size of a tennis ball, This is no lie, my foot was swollen on one side and my knee on the other leg was swollen.So off to the Doctors they took me.I was there 1/2 hour before they looked at me an suggested i go to there hospital about for some anti inflamatory needle.No Ice was giving and they seemed that they did not want to look after me at the clinic on there grounds.May I say that when i was there, there was an lady of 75 years of age who had stitches over her eye and black eye and a cracked rib, She was there for her grandaughters wedding,and fell into one of the gullys also . I decided to go back to our room which we had not moved out of yet and ice it and take anti inflamatory pills.By the time we did get moved it was 3:30. And we were still not with our friends. They were a another building farther away,We also got moved to the end of the resort,Where construction was going on.We were not told this. .The construction started at 7 am and went till 6pm daily.Except Saturday,The day we were leaving.Every 10 minutes a truck would come with sand and every 10 minutes a truck would go out empty .We did have a guard near our building As the construction site was only a few feet away. By the next day, my arm was black and blue from the rist to the elbow,My foot was swollen, and so was the knee.I had to get help getting around from my friends and setting things up for me to manage.I had tried numerous times to get ahold of the signature rep,but she was always somewhere and not in her office.Finally I gave up .My friends had noticed that these drain gullys are very dangerous.Other that this mishap,and not getting what we wanted.The resort itself,is the most beautiful place i,ve been to.It is so clean and friendly .Food was quite good, and if you did not like something there was always something else you can always eat.We had seafood one night, some friends did not like it but it was not a problem, and asked for a steak instead.Japenese food was mouth watering.We did not like the BBQ restaurant.It was just blaah. Upon returning back home , of course we were told that we should of complained louder and stuck to our guns,as to what we were promised.As for the arm it has finally come down to the size of a grape and it is seven weeks later.And Yes I did write to the signature vacation, and have yet to have received a letter showing any wrong doing on there part.I believe this accident would not have happened had we got what we were expecting, as I would not have been in that area.All in all I would say that this, Yes is a 5 star resort. and I would go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	1	5	1	4	3	

<Author>imac9019
<Content>Perfect!!! Just got back from a week with our 3 teenagers. This was a return visit for my wife and we enjoyed it even better the second time probably because there was no learning curve figuring the place out plus we had all our kids with us. The resort itself is huge but is organized in a way that you really don't notice crowds. It's always spotless and the landscaping is beautiful. The pools and beach are the best I've ever been at and the food is great. We will be back.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>joherb
<Content>No need to fear.. Bahia Principe is great!!       flying over resorts on our way home  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TorontoTravelbob
<Content>Beautiful resort!!!........but.... Just returned from the Gran Bahia Principe over March Break. We took our three kids down (15, 17, 21) for our last big family trip and it was beyond what we expected. Service was outstanding. The staff tried very hard to please but the Spanish/English language barrier was often a problem. The resort is one of the most beautifully landscaped we have ever seen and my wife and I have been to many including 5 Sandals. Food was good but got just a bit predictable by the end of the week. Originally we were told we could book only 3 ala carte restaurants but we returned and booked 2 more. They were never full anyways.  The resort is HUGE but there are constant shuttles to ease your tired feet. Our room was beautiful and spacious and the maid service was very good. We did however, have to go find towels once as she forgot to leave us some. The in-room fridge was dead when we arrived but we called and had a repairman within the hour to fix it. The pools are beautiful and clean with lots of chaise lounges to lie in. We did go down in the morning to stake some out and this is when our only problem occurred. We had left a beach bag, on one lounge with our towels books etc. then went to breakfast. When we returned, it was gone. We lost a watch, inexpensive camera, an ipod and all of our suntan stuff. We didn't think before we left as everyone did the same but somehow we got nailed. A security guard went with me while we scoured the beach, garbage cans, foliage etc. but no dice. Oh well, lesson learned so be cautious about what you leave unguarded. This was the first time we have ever encountered this situation. I went scuba diving and it was great. The whole family went snorkelling and enjoyed it very much. We were a little concerned our three kids would be a bit bored but it was not the case. They had a ball and now LOVE the Caribbean!!  The shopping is not good and very expensive on site. Don't expect to buy any suntan lotions as they are a ripoff. We, unfortunately, had to replace ours that was stolen so take lots with you! All in all a very nice and much-enjoyed vacation. I would recommend it for families, couples and friends travelling together. Not too sure about really young kids though.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>brewerdave
<Content>Good ... but wouldn't go back in February Going to split this review into 2 parts, first , general comments about the whole holiday, then specific comments about bars,restaurants, beach, pools etc.Flew out to Punta Cana February 20th for two weeks.On arrival at the airport we were pleasantly surprised by the speed we got thru' Immigration altho' we had quite a long wait for our suitcases.First moan, the usual problem with porters - we found a trolley but were prevented from taking it out of the airport to the carpark by a group of porters with their own trollies.I refused to be blackmailed on principle and was proved right when we only had about 50m to walk to the coach.Once on the coach we had a relatively painless journey to the GBP Bavaro (actually Punta Cana section) with check in being carried out on the bus (there was however a confusion over another party with the same surname which came back to haunt us later).No issues on arrival, porter was ready and waiting to transport us and our suitcases straight to our room - 12301 - located conveniently near to the pool, with a balcony looking out over the widerness area between GBP  the neighbouring RUI complex.The following morning we had a pleasant walk back to the reception area for breakfast and our Reps meeting (the Rep for First Choice was really on the ball and the meeting was much snappier and entertaining than normal!)I then organised a room safe - bit surprised that I had to pay up front (GBP Mayan only wanted paying at the end of the holiday) - but well worth having at $63 for 2 weeks.Whilst at Reception noticed loads of offers to upgrade to another hotel for free for periods of up to 5 days - we decided to investigate further with a view to maybe looking at another part of the DR but (unfortunately) we decided to sleep on it! The following day we went back to try to arrange an upgrade with Guest Services but unfortunately the only offers still available were for 1 night only - however as the upgrade to GBP Cayo Levantado included a free whale watching trip we decided to go for it! We actually had to check out and put any luggage that we didn't want to take into a secure storage area, which wasn't ,as anyone could walk in when the porters had it open!I will review this trip under the GBP Cayo Levantado review section.On our return to Punta Cana we were given a complimentary upgrade to the Ambar section - again the porter was on the ball getting us and our luggage across to our new room - 62201, nicely positioned between the beach and the main bar/buffet areas.The room was a little musty due to a problem they had obviously had with water leaking from the balcony above which had resulted in some of the ceiling paint peeling off but we decided we could live with it.I went to use the complimentary room safe but couldn't get it to work.Now, my second moan, it apparently needed a small key to activate the touch pad electronics which we should have been given on our second check in but hadn't .I spent about 3 hours and several journeys on the site trams travelling between the Ambar reception and the main reception at Punta Cana trying to get this key, both sets of Reception staff denying responsibility and fobbing me off.They even wanted a second lot of money!Finally got it sorted when a manager got involved.At the end of the first week we got back from the beach to find that our room keys weren't working - the maid had to let us in.Went to reception who looked puzzled but just reactivated the keys for our actual leaving date. The following morning we found a note pushed under our door asking me to contact the Reception manager urgently about our departure arrangements - again a couple of tram rides ensued before I saw the Main Reception manager who explained that the confusion over surnames on the original bus ride from the airport, had led to us only being booked in for a WEEK! but he quickly resolved the issue.At the end of the two weeks departure was painless - porters were well organised and got us back to the pick up point and the coach journey and check in were smooth prior to a good flight back to the UK; Only issues were a long wait on the tarmac due to a couple of passengers arguing about overweight luggage and a non working toilet on our side of the aircraft which meant a long detour from our seats.Now to specifics:FOOD - Buffet at Punta Cana was OK but the buffet at the Ambar was distinctly better particularly the freshly cooked fish and meats area and the sweets were to die for!A LA CARTE - We visited 5 a la cartes over the 2 weeks.Best we tried was the fish restaurant,El Pescador, my wife really enjoyed that one.Excellent food and service.El Charro (Mexican) was also very good with some excellent fajitas, and entertaining staff.The Italian, Porto Fino, was also very good although we felt that we were rushed thru a bit.The other Italian, whose name escapes me, was also very good with a more relaxed atmosphere.The worst of the a la cartes we visited was the Garden Grill, simply because the steak I had was very tough, although the presentation/service was excellent and my wife was happy with her Shrimp kebab.We missed out on our visit to the Ambar gourmet restaurant, Don Pablo, due to a touch of too much Sun but others we talked with, said it was very good.SNACK BARS - Generally OK for breakfast/lunch - very crowded before 1:30pm but much better after 2:00pm-the usual fare of salads, chicken, burgers and hot dogs.BARS - We found generally excellent service at all the bars,whether you waved a $$ bill or not; The main bar at the Punta Cana was our favourite.You sometimes had to wait at the pool bars particularly the second week when it was extremely busy.Definitely worth taking insulated mugs as it reduced the number or trips needed to the bar! Very useful if you spent most of the holiday on the beach as we did.POOLS - Clean but extremely crowded - the second week people were reserving  sunbeds with shades before it was even light - we didn't spend much time by the pools usually only after 4:00pm.The adults only pool at the Ambar seemed to be the most crowded of all.BEACH - Beautiful golden sand BUT very crowded - all sun loungers with shade gone by 10:00am and very difficult to get beds after 11:00am.For UK readers imagine Blackpool on a Bank Holiday Walking North of the property seemed to be the best bet to find some spaceSEA - Clean - some weed made worse by the wind we experienced most of the 2 weeks; lovely to swim in, shelving quite rapidly; snorkelling from the beach non-existent - apparently anything of a decent size is taken by the spear fishermen.WEATHER - Rained quite heavily the first two days in the morning but otherwise not too much rain.Wind was blowing quite strongly some days which kept you cool on the beach but made the danger of sunburn very real.Also had some cloudy days,particularly a couple of afternoons, and, disappointingly, our last day.In conclusion, had a good holiday but wouldn't go back to this hotel/region because of the sheer number of people at the time of year.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>realisticplease
<Content>Great Resort for Kids       jellyfish washed up on beach  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chez2008
<Content>What a fabulous place My husband and I have just returned from this hotel and have had a wonderful holiday. Given the numerous negative reviews prior to departure we were seriously starting to wonder if we had made a bad choice and were considering trying to change the hotel. Thank goodness we did not. We would have mised out on one of the best holidays in the DR.This hotel is spotless. There is an army of staff constantly cleaning and tidying all day long. We saw maids at 8pm cleaning sunbeds around the pools in the dark. At other hotels we have been woken by scraping beds being moved around and jet washers at 6am. The toilets are kept immaculate, even those at the poolside beach and snack bars are well tended and kept clean and these get plenty of hammer all day long.We had a lovely room in block 29. We initially had asked for a top floor room and were told to go back after the weekend as the hotel was full. But did not bother to move as we were very comfortable there.The maid service was excellent. Always fresh towels and flower/towel art on the bed. The lobby bar is fantastic. Lovely decor and very comfortable.The drinks are top quaility and lots of choice. There are some drinks which are not all inclusive. This worried me to start with becasue I expected the included drinks to be poor and have to pay for anything decent. How wrong could I be. There was a good enough range of international drinks on the inclusive list and the house wines were extremely good. My only complaint - I did not like the beer. But I enjoyed trying other drinks such as spritzers and probably saved myself putting on an extra couple of pounds.The buffetts are excellent - plenty of variety from salads to pizza to carved meats and fish. You could have something as simple as a ham sandwich up to a 4 course meal for breakfat lunch or dinner. Anyone who cant find something to make a meal of here ought to stay home.The dining room service was the best we have experienced in our 6 visits to the DR. You are guided to a table at every sitting - no more stumbling around half awake at breakfast trying to find a free table. As soon as we were seated a waiter arrived within seconds. We never waited any notable length of time for anything here. Our drinks were always poured ready for us returing from the buffett and we never managed to empty or glass/cup before a refill was offered.The staff are very friendly and polite and happy to help. Finished plates were cleared away very quickly and we were constantly being offerred coffee/brandy etc.We never experienced any language problems. It does help to try a little spanish - lets face it it is not difficult and it goes a long way and seems to be appreciated by the staff. I am no expert and cant even try to hold a conversation but how hard it is to say hola ? Just learn your drink order - vino tinto is so simple if you want red wine or blanco if you want white.We had no trouble whatsoever making reservations for the speciality restaraunts but there was only 2 of us and we were flexible for days and times. Larger groups who all want to sit together at specific times will obviously be more difficult to accomodate wherever you go.The beach was absolutely beautiful. It was busy but this is peak season. If you want total seclusion and quiet go out of season or try a beach hut on the maldives.The helicopters fly over probably 12 times a day and we enjoyed watching the water sports. We did not find either annoying as some have reported.We always managed to get beds where we wanted them but it is annoying when people reserve them then disappear for hours on end - perhaps they should start charging by the hour.There was plenty of 'barrel sized' thermos flasks around this year - but what the heck if you can take it have it! I actually think these are a good idea. It cuts down on the waste. The hotel uses disposable cups which are only good for 1 use. These are much better than the scratched and batterred plastic beakers at other hotels but not very environmentally friendly. So I support the use of flasks - make sure you take one.Some people complain at the most trivial of things. If the negative reviewers honestly get better service, quality and value for money elsewhere then I need to know where that is so I can go live there. It is not fair to compare resorts in DR with other countries. For a start it costs much more to go to Mexico or Cuba and what more do you get for your money The DR is exceptional value has beautiful beaches and lovely people.We should have infact stayed at the Iberostar Bavaro but moved after being advised of building work. That would have been our 4th stay there. I am so glad that we chose this hotel instead. It was a breath of fresh air and we were very impressed not believing the Iberostar could be bettered. The service here was definitely better in our experience.Can't wait to go back next year.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>norwichboy
<Content>What a Holiday! Read all the reviews and get an insight into this wonderful Hotel!As a Brit i can tell you that my wife and i and our 13 year old son had a wonderful week celebrating our Silver Wedding Anniversary at the most fantastiv venue we have been to.The Hotel is fantastic, nothing is too much trouble for the staff, rooms, food, bars, pools, beach our all excellent.Trips to take are the catamaran trip to Saone, Reef Explorer and the Megatrucks and if you are a fisherman then take the half day deep sea fishing trip for Dorado to 30lbs!It is a well known fact that the North American customers are used to and expect high levels of service etc at 5 star venues.We spoke to a number of Canadian and American holidaymakers who could not fault the facilities.In fact one Canadian family rated it as the best Hotel they had stayed in in the Caribbean.One for the ladies, UK hair straighteners DO NOT work , if you cannot survive without them, take gas operated ones.Eating in the restaraunts, book on your day of arrival otherwise you may not get in when you want to.Can reccomend the Japanese, Italian and Mexican.If you can afford it pay the extra for Premier or extra legroom.Tip little and often and you will find that the staff remember you, particularly when the bars are busy!We are now formulating plans to go back again in 2010.All in all a brilliant holiday and if i could go back today i would go!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tarveldog
<Content>Great Vacation My Wife and kids and myself stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro. We were there from the 4-11 March. When we arrived at the hotel entrance there were some girls dressed in traditional cloths dancing and welcoming us. Our stay there was and excellent beginning to travelling. The people were friendly and the cleaning staff really kept our rooms imacculate. I was very impressed.For my kids this was a first for two of them and apparrently they were awed. Had a great time, the food was good.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mangolovers
<Content>can't wait to go back!! We just got back a couple of days ago and we are still dreaming of our wonderful vacation. This resort is beautiful and all the staff were wonderful. This was our first time to Punta Cana and when we do return, I can't imagine going to any other resort. The food was very good considering how many people they serve on a daily basis. We went to 6 of the a-la-carte restaurants...Italian was the best. The entertainment staff were wonderful. The evening entertainment was amazing..very professional. Our rooms were very clean. My main advice about the rooms, try to avoid the rooms near the environmental area. There is standing water in the bushes which can get very smelly at times. The pool is very clean and the beaches were amazing...you can walk for miles. We did have one bad experience which had nothing to do with the resort. My son and I booked a sun-set snorkeling tour with the company that operates all the water sports on the beaches. It was our last day of vacation and we wanted to do something special. After waiting an hour and getting fitted for our snorkeling equipment...which didn't seem very hygenic, we were told that the boat was full and we had to re-schedule. Apparantely the sales agent sold the entire boat to a large family so we were bumped off. I had spoken to him the day before about this tour and he told me it was available. We purchased the tickets that morning and when it was time to leave for the excursion he lied to me by saying that the family had reserved it 3 days earlier...obviously a boat full of passengers(15 people) pays more commision than 2 people so we were bumped along with another family of 5. Although we did receive a refund, it wasted about 2 hous of our time on our last day when we could have maybe arranged some other tour. My 12 year old son was very dissapointed. I would not recommend booking anything with scuba caribe. They seem very disorganized and these would be the people you would be trusting with your life on the waters.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>love2travel03
<Content>All You Need to Know Having just returned from a weeks vacation at the Grand Bahia (March 7-14), I decided to answer some of the questions in QA format that previous reviews did not address and of course give you my throughts on the resort as a whole. Q1: Which area/rooms should I request?The resort has 4 sections, the front section is for Club Golden - villa 1- 10 and 20-29 is up by the beach, pool, a restaurant that serves both lunch and breakfast, and a few snack bars. Villas 1, 2, 4, 23, 21, 20 are the closest, with villa 1 and 20 likely providing some views of the ocean if you are ocean side. Villas 3, 5, 6, 25, 24, 22 would also be good. The buildings are 2 and 3 storey high. We stayed here and found easy navigating during the day but took the trolley at night to the shows and lobby bar.The middle section runs from 11-19, and 30 to 39. I would not want to stay in units 33, 35, 37, 39 as they back on to constuction. These units are half way between beach and the lobby.They also have a Club Premier section quite a way from the beach but I suspect overlooks the golf course which is up at the entrance of the resort. The final section is the Ambar, which is down by the beach beside the Golden section but is for adults only. Villas number 60-70. The best villas would be 60, 64, and 67, closest to the beach and pool.Q2: Should I pay a premium for Club Golden?Location was definitely better - easy walking to the beach and only used the trolley's a night to get to the lobby and show. Daily towel service meant we didn't have to go to the hut to sign out towels. Extra dinner reservation was also nice. I guess it depends on the extra cost ... If you got the best villa's noted above, it would be well worth it.Q3: What are the Spa prices like?I enjoyed a 1 hour massage on the beach - $66 US and well worth it. You can also go to their spa location for a more private session. Did not appear to be any trouble getting an appointment. In fact my session was walk inQ4: What about wine?If you like wine, I would try to bring some to enjoy in your room while you are there. They stock pop and beer but no wine. Also the house wine a u brew, not bad but not good either. I wish I had brought a couple of bottles to have enjoyed a glass while getting ready for dinner at night. Also, at the a la carte you can order a bottle - very reasonably priced, including a 2 glass Spanish vintage for about $10US. Q5: Kids Club?Kids club was a disappointment. Staff member was nice but only one person for about 10 kids. Everyday 9-10 welcome, 10-11 and 11-12 would be 2 activities (usually, beach games, minigolf, and pool) and then 12-1 movies, and lunch 1-2. We didn't use the service in the afternoon. I just would have expected more structured activities - interesting crafts, learning the language, etc. If you are picky, you won't be impressed, but it was okay if you were just looking for a means to have a few hours to walk the beach or read quietly on the beach. Q5: What restaurants should you go to?We really liked (in this order) he Garden Grill, the Gourmet, and the Japanese restaurant. Our friends also liked the Italian and the Mexican. I did not enjoy the Fish or the Dominican Restaurant. Q6: Overall assessment?In reading all the previous reviews. I would agree with the consensus that the beach and surf are great - white sand, turquoise waters, lots of activities, great for long walks. I should also note many topless ladies.  I would also agree with the postive reviews about the property - well maintained and quite beautiful. Rooms are good, quite spacious. Food is average, but acceptable as a whole (as Torontians we are used to pretty good restaurants and these would not compare). We certainly did not gain any weight like we have on previous cruises with Celebrity where I would rate the food as above average. Two of us in our group spent a day or so with churning stomachs Service was also better than previous reviews shared - we experienced no issues, or waits, or problems. Overall good trip - but for the money ~$8500 (for family of 4), I would book my own flight and go a bit more upscale next time. Don't worry if you have booked this however, I think you will enjoy it but likely won't rave about it. Hope this helps.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MinnesotaFifi
<Content>Our Attitudes Determined Our Outcome! We were at the GBPB March 1 - 8. Having read everything posted on TA, and asked members many questions, we were well-armed with information. It was important for us to know what we may be facing, as it was our first trip to the DR, and we are very appreciative of all the help that TA members gave us, so THANK YOU, everyone!The resort is clearly a beautiful sight! There is no denying that it is one of the most beautiful resorts in the area. We checked out several, and were pleased with our choice. I will agree with what everyone has already said; the place is HUGE. That is a fact! It is well manicured, clean, and aesthetically perfect. Actually, though, we found our way around fairly easily. It took a couple of days, but we were all over the place in no time at all. One time I got turned around, but I think it may have been the rum....We were booked in the Golden section, and when we arrived, we were told that they had upgraded us to Ambar. How nice! Check in was quick, pleasant, and we were served cocktails while checking in. We were taken soon after to the Ambar section, and to bldg. 68, room #68208. Immediately upon opening the door, we could smell the most musty, unpleasant aroma. The bellman also noticed it, as did the maid, who was at our door. Fortunately, I had brought the air fresheners, as suggested by TA members :) However, this was more than any Glade Solid was going to fix! We went into the room, and nearly slipped in a puddle of water. The maid was confused, and mopped it up, but did not know what was causing it. She sprayed the room, opened up the patio doors to air it out, and we agreed to see if it got better. The next day, we were out all day. When we arrived back to the room, more water. We contacted the concierge, and they sent maintenance staff who didn't have a clue where the water was coming from. My husband is a pretty bright guy, and can fix nearly anything, so decided to help the maintenance man. He tapped the wall, and noticed that the baseboard was very wet. All of the wood was wet! He helped the guy remove a ceiling panel, and found a serious leak in a water pipe, which obviously had been leaking into the hollow wall, and soaking into the wood. About that time, we noticed other leaks in the bathroom, near the light fixture above the toilet, the shower, etc. My husband spoke with the concierge again, and insisted on moving, as this was clearly going to take some time, and the wood was moldy. They pleaded with us for patience, as they had NO rooms left that night, but would move us first thing in the morning. Fine, we were not going to let it impact our trip. The next morning, they came right away to move us to bldg. 65, room # 65208. PERFECT room!! Everything about it was wonderful. The view was actually better, and we loved it. Our maid, Quiskella, was the sweetest girl ever!!!!During the issue with the water, however, every single person we worked with, was absolutely wonderful. They were helpful, apologetic, and worked hard to stay in communication as to the progress. One other thing that happened, was while we were in a hurry to move to the new room, my husband emptied out the safe quickly, and mistakenly left my small jewelry box with ALL OF MYJEWELRY, wedding rings, diamond necklace, everything, inside the safe, behind the door jam. When I was getting ready the next night for dinner, and realized it was gone, I was distraught, and so upset that I vomited!!! My husband was beside himself trying to help me stay calm, and immediately contacted the Ambar Concierge. The very helpful man, Victor, called us back shortly afterward to let us know that the amazingly wonderful young Canadian couple who were in our old room, (#68208) had found my jewelry, and contacted Security right away!! They had my jewelry locked in the vault, and we could claim it in the morning!!! We did so, and went directly to their room to thank them personally! This was all on day 2 of our vacation...Needless to say, after that experience, there was NOTHING that was going to spoil our vacation! We decided that we were amongst incredible people, who were honest and kind, and we would not let any little incidental get in the way of that. Fortunately for us, we truly enjoyed everything about our trip. Certainly, there were things that we did like more than others, but we simply made a different choice if we didn't like something. The Ambar Pool  Beach area: Very nice place to relax, if you want quiet, with no activity, or music. We sat around there at times, but usally went over to the volleyball area, Golden pool area, or Beach bars. Lots to do, entertainment, activity, etc.The Ala Carte Restaurants: We ate at Don Pablos, which we really liked, LeGourmet, ...not so much for us..., Portofino, definately not for us, but we're kind of fussy eaters, the Garden Grill, which was good, but not something we wanted twice. Everyone has different tastes, so it's tough to say if a place is Good or Not Good. Very subjective. However, we really enjoyed the Buffet off the Ambar lobby!! It was always fantastic, and the food was hot! I had grilled shrimp, and/or grilled lobster nearly every day!The Animacion Team: Wonderful group!!! They work so hard, and really try to include anyone who looks like they want to have fun! Good people. My husband and I are Volleyball enthusiasts, and we were watching a large group of Europeans form teams for a tournament. One of the Animacion staff saw us watching, and included us in the game. The other players spoke little or NO English, and we speak NO French, but we ALL spoke Volleyball!!! By the way, our team took 1st place :) We received medals, and bottles of rum.Entertainment: In general, we enjoyed it. They work hard, and really are trying to please everyone. We appreciated their work.We enjoyed some incredible excursions, and we found a friend in Wilkins, from the VIP Tour Service! He was great, and helpful no matter what. One thing that I have to say, is that some very nice people on TA, like Brenda Lee-Alberta, John Brooklin, Punta Cana Mike, and many, many others gave some of the BEST advice of all: Go down there with a positive attitude, and a plan to have a great time, and it will be a wonderful trip! We did, and it was!!!!!!Thank you all for helping to make our vacation special.....  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>canj
<Content>Helicopters flying overhead ! Stayed from MARCH 3rd the 10th.Golden club section near the beach.Food at restos not bad to good.....Buffet just ok..always found something to eat and enjoyed.Never had problems finding chairs at pool or beach.Friendly staff...easy check in and check out.Some good shows at night.MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT;those helicopters continously flying overhead at the beach and pool.They fly too low and too close and too often ! I'm from a big noisy polluted city and when on vacation, I want to hear the wind thru the palm trees and the waves crashing on the sand.At times I felt like I was lying on a beach bed in the middle of an airport !The banana boat with its noisy motor and stinky gaz also comes in too close to where we swim in the ocean.They are several other caribbean destinations where such noise polluting activities are not allowed so close to the resorts.I dont mind the music and/or the organized pool activities at the resort..because they are of short duration and you can always find a quieter spot around the pool or go to the beach.But ,you cannot get away from the noise flying over you nor that stupid banana boat going back and forth....if only it go further outwards in the ocean like at many other resorts in the caribbean ,then it would be more tolerable.Would I go back ? Probably not...much easier to find an equivalent 5 star resort in the caribbean or Mexico without the air traffic and polluting banana boats.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>gerapau
<Content>A bit too full       Parasailing looking towards Iberostars  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>smwOntario
<Content>all in all a good holiday Although we were at the Gran Bahia Principe end Jan for two weeks and did not intend to write a review, after reading some of the reviews below, I think the following would be helpful to anyone going there:Firstly, check-in was irritating as the person was distracted by colleagues and other guests, but that may have been because we were tired. Secondly, if you are going to hire the safe be sure you get the receipt for reasons listed later.We did not spend the day at any of the pools so cannot comment on finding a spot but we didn't have any problem finding loungers on the beach, it was busy close to the ocean but further back was quiet.We took advantage of an offer to go to another hotel for two, five or six nights for $100.00 a day and went to Samana so came home with $400.00 US. I guess Bavaro gets overbooked and we were apprehensive about the return from Samana but there were absolutely no problems re-booking in, so I would recommend it if you have the time. Samana is very quiet and after the bustle of Bavaro, we found it more to our liking. It was this trip that caused the problem with the safe. We were reimbursed three days cost of the safe ($18.00) because it is free at Samana. Our relatives from England did not get a receipt for the cost of the safe when they checked in ($64.00 for two weeks) and were not on the list to get the $18.00 rebate. Only a small amount but they were practically accused of lying about paying for the safe and they did not have a receipt. We think someone pocketed the original payment which would never have been discovered if we had not gone to Samana.They did get the $18.00 after we returned and the person in charge of that department said they were going to have to launch an investigation. Another thing I have to mention is when on the coach to Samana I realised I had left my purse underneath the table at the Restaurant while having breakfast.. i'm getting old. The courier on the bus (from Venezuela but i've forgotten his name) called the Bavaro and my purse had been found and handed in and we were reunited upon return, so there are certainly honest workers there. I have to recommend Carla who was very helpful in this regard and who is very professional. I would also like to mention Laura who answered my email requesting rooms close to our relatives within 24 hours, and we were booked into the same building.This is a very nice hotel but I don't think we would return because it is too big and noisy for us.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>OilerfanSunseeker
<Content>Had a great visit! Good value for a nice resort! We just got back from a week from Punta Cana, and we had a nice relaxing time. I was worried from all the negative reviews, but in the end, it was all great! We flew on Air Canada Vacations non stop from Edmonton, and it was a little disorganized at the airport, but if you read the suggestions of other travelers here, then you should have no problem. After customs, grab your bag and head right out the airport, and there will be a rep to tell you which bus to go to. If you let the baggage guys take your luggage, you should expect to tip them for the 100 ft walk to your transit.The Hotel was large, but pretty well organized. Check in took about 10 minutes, and we were wisked off to our room which was very nice. Lots of towels, firm bed, but the room had 4 pillows, so no issue there. Mini bar had pop and beer and was re-stocked everyday.Restaurants - (buffets) 7 out of 10, lots of selection, and usually something for everyone, but the quality was average. I had the fresh pasta for lunch for most days, as it was prepared fresh and piping hot! The Seafood Paella they had on the buffet was very good as well. As for meats, it would appear Chicken is the way to go as the beef and pork on the buffet are average. Drinks were very good, Mojitos, Fruit Drinks, Drink of the day at the lobby bar were all good. Drinks at the Karoake bar at the shopping area is inclusive, and it is a good warm-up for the night club which opens at midnight. This was were the size of the resort was good, because in previous resorts, there were never enough people for an active nightlife, but this place had it. If you wanted a more mellow evening, you could drink at the lobby bar till 11 pm. The a la cartes were enjoyable, and the food was definitely better. All I can say about the service is 95% of the staff try really hard, and without expectation. When you arrive, do meet with your Vacation Rep to book tours as we witnessed several couples who bought tours on the beach and were fleeced for $80-100 per person. The resort has no control on the beach, as it is gov't property and anyone can roam the beach. Buy your tour from the Vacation rep and there should be no issues. We went on a half day snorkling tour with the rays and nurse sharks. It was fun, but nothing special. There is more to see in Mexico, and other parts of the Caribean, but it was a great trip for fun and sun!For $1500 all in for a nice, clean resort I would recommend this to other people. Get the safe when you check in or the next morning, and bring a small lock for your luggage if you are concerned about your valuables, but at no time did I feel uneasy with the people at the resort. You could get a nice chair by the pools or beach until around 9:00 am, and even then you could find one, but just have to look a little longer. Snack bar open all day, with mainly kid snacks like hot dogs, hamburgers, etc. but the fruit in the DR was very good. Relax, and you will have a good time!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jonathan1410
<Content>Its 5 Star, but Caribbean 5 star 2 week stay2 adults + 1 3 year oldWe had a lovely holiday at this resort and I would recommend it to anybody - families, couples (young and old). The main point I would like to make in trying to give an impartial review is that this is Caribbean 5 star - its an above average hotel for the Dominican Republic but you wont get the treatment here that you would wish to get at the Dorchester, London - if thats what your after then you will need to spend a a couple more thousand dollars! Be realistic!The Hotel--------------The resort is pretty big - about 1500 rooms - for this reason Bahia Principe have divided the resort into 2 hotels (Punta Cana and Bavaro). The main stumbling block this causes is that if you are booked in under Punta Cana you cannot eat in the Bavaro buffet, and vice versa. Once you have sorted this out your ok - but you dont get much information on arrival and I saw a few people a bit angry/confused being turned away from the wrong buffet. I think the reason they have done this is to make the resort seem smaller and more personal - and I think it works as long as you are informed.The hotel reception areas are ajoined, are very grand, and are a mirror image of each other. This is as far as the segregation goes for most people since the accommodation is spread about the resort in blocks of around 18 rooms. There are around 10 a la carte restaurants spread about the resort which you need to book for (3 bookings per room per week - but if you check with guest services each day they generally have cancellations that they will give out as extras). The general buffet area has a very good range of food however.The other thing that may confuse some is that there are several different clubs you can be checked in under (depending on how much you have paid) eg. Premier club (a bit more expensive but is set in its own area with its own pool), Amber (adults only accomodation - has its own area also), Diamond club (has its own pool). These give different entitlements to facilities it seems but the a la carte restaurants are open to all as long as you have a booking.There are several swimming pools and the beach is really nice.The grounds are the best I have seen in the Caribbean and are kept very well.We were hoping to be located in a room near the beach but ended up near the reception area. This worked out fine however, since we were right beside one of the pools which our little boy loved and the transport runs up and down the resort all day very frequently so getting about is fine.Watersports-----------------I went diving a few times and this was pretty good - the wreck has a big Barracuda living in it!There are Katamarans to hire (1 hour per day for each room) - but there are only 6 available so you need to be down at the watersports center (on beach) early to book a day or two in advance otherwise they will all be booked up.If you like snorkelling then you will have problems here since the speed boats race up and down just meters away from swimmers - making it pretty dangerous. This is a shame since the corel, only 100 yards out, has alot of nice fish on it. The only thing you can do is get down there before 9 am - the boats dont generally start up until this time.The Service----------------The staff are generally very good and are very friendly and polite. But be aware that this is the Caribbean - they are used to taking there time here - if you expect prompt treatment all the time then you may get a bit impatient here. Saw a few people getting upset since they were not being served when they snapped there fingers - simple solution, dont holiday here!For Kids------------There is a kids club which do different things each day (but they habitually end up in the pool). Its not really a creche though, and generally with just one carer available, you wont want to leave your reluctant 2 year old there.The pools are great and are nice and warm, but there arent alot of activites for kids in this resort - no games room, no water slides, no play park. If your kids like to swim, or like the kids club then fine, but if they want theme parks, water slides etc then you will be disappointed.Liked-------hotel, accomodation, food, beach, sea (very warm)Didnt Like--------------not really being able to swim in the sea for fear of being hit by a spead boatnot much information on arrivalthere is a habit for people to get up early and reserve sunbeds here (like everywhere else I suppose)Tips------------------Have $10 US for each person at the airport - they dont seem to like Pesos. This will avoid having to wait at the exchange counter for half an hour like I did!They drive like the Italians but their roads are worse so I wouldnt hire a car here unless you are really adventurous. It also takes ages to get anywhere cause the roads are pretty poor.Taxis are quite expensive.Learn a little spanish if you can sometimes goes a long way  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Finney2008
<Content>Fabulous Wedding We went down with a group of 25. Let me start off by saying that many of us have been to all inclusive resorts before and found this resort by far the BEST!!!!.I've heard people complain about how large the resort was.It was a very nice walk every morning for breakfast. It was not that large at all. They had trams that ran every second....we never had to wait for one. And for the other people that complained about the speed of the trams....you could honestly walk faster than they travelled. And most times we did walk from the beach to the lobby bar. Maybe 5 minutes. The food was fabulous, yes not always the hottest, but fabulous. We ate at the Japanese 10/10 an amazing show, Le Gourmet 10/10 best steak and lobster around, Brazilian 4/10, The Garden Grill 7/10, Mediterranean 7/10. I would recommend the first two. Check out the menus that are posted outside of the restaurants prior to booking. Especially if you have children. Just a note that all of the restaurants on the 5* side have a dress code. No shorts for men / womenWe paid the little extra to be gold club, well worth the money. We were checked in on the bus....everything was taken care of. And we all had rooms close to the beach. Well worth it!!!!The shows that are offered every night are great. We had a blast at the karaoke bar most nights. Tons of fun. All ages are permitted in the club. So this was great for our younger guests. Beach chairs were never a problem for us. At anytime of the day we could head down to the beach and manage to round up enough chairs for our entire group. We NEVER went down bright and early to reserve chairs...this wasn't needed. Our tours were great. The Bavaro Runners was an amazing family tour. The only downfall is that almost no one speaks English. Not usually a big deal, but this makes things a little difficult when you're there for a wedding. Our wedding co-ordinator Gabby was amazing and translated most of our requests. Our wedding was truly the most amazing day. The flowers were incredible!! I did get my hair done at the resort. I do agree with another member...my hair was not the greatest and she did it many times. But I have to say that it was probably better than I could have done. Just not the same as what you would get here in Canada.I had the tram let me off prior to the gazebo and we walked up the path....everything was perfect. Try and remember that you are in another country and that maybe you should learn a little Spanish prior to leaving. This would have helped a lot.All in all I would recommend this resort to everyone. We all had a great time and have all commented that there will never be another holiday like this one  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Martinez_NB
<Content>Must read for Review Readers       Beautiful beach  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>4Canucks4
<Content>Awsome We have just returned from the Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana on March 6 th after staying there a week with our kids 10 and 13.I'm a first time writer here and have decided to give a review to help others to become informed...Pros: Just about everything was awesome.We chose a resort using the Air Canada travel magazine and relied on their rating system from 1 to 5 quality of different things to look for in a resort.This hotel was a BEST SELLER which in itself is worth something.The sand on the beach was velvety,it was cleaned every night,the water was warm enough you did not freeze if there was a wind...It was perfect.I could list all the things that are pros but honestly it was a 9.5 out of 10 from every single member of the family so ill move on.Cons: When we arrived to our room the first night at midnight,we had to wait a half hour for the bellboy to go back to the front desk twice so that the reception could give him a room key that was programmed to OPEN the door.We had to laugh after because we had read about that experience here...Not a big deal...People would reserve the long chairs at the main pool and on the beach with there towels really early in the morning...that sucked! I'm on vacation and do not like to have to be rushed to do something,i run around all year,but of course i had to do the same to get a good spot,so get ready to run to the beach b4 breakfast...The vendors at the Pueblo village were a little to rambunctions for my liking,I'm Canadian and do not like to be shouted at to be someones friend,so a firm NO GRACIAS is all it takes to sake them off you. It was humurous standing back and watching the approaching prey be corraled by the first vendors as they walked into the open village,be ready folks,remember NO GRACIAS...lolThere are mosquitos,bring a fly swatter for your room,bring Watkins bug reppelent and be patient to find the mosquito you saw fly by in ur room because they are tiny...We have beefy mosquitos in Canada.Last but not least,when you arrive by bus at the airport to depart the bus driver says on the speakers to wait a second for the bags to be unloaded off the bus before he lets you get out...Get ready...there are a bunch of guys there holding your bags and will not let them go,they ask you what airline and want you to follow them for 50 feet to stand in the line up and then they wait for you to tip them,what a scam...I was trapped to tip them 5 bucks because i had no dollard bills and the guy had change to break a 20...I laugh now because i told my wife that in my single days i would have told them to take a hike with no tip but being a compliant husband that i am i listened to my wife and broke the 20...grrrrr!!! So you must grab hold of your stuff and say one thing NO GRACIAS,NO GRACIAS,NO GRACIAS...Have a great trip and laugh about the mishaps,its part of travelling..  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>milesfromewood
<Content>Money well spent First of all let me assure everyone that the Gran Bahia Principe (Punta Cana) is a fabulous resort. My wife  myself have just returned home to the UK from a superb two week vacation staying in the Punta Cana section of the resort.Weeks prior to our departure reviews on Tripadvisor were constantly criticizing  giving negative comments about the resort (mainly N. American clients, I might add-other nationality reviews were consistently good) Days before our trip it got to a point I wished I鈥檇 not booked the resort because of all the negativity being shown .We stayed the night before our flight at the Sofitel hotel (fabulous hotel) which is connected directly to the north Terminal at Gatwick which makes for an easy transfer . The holiday didn鈥檛 get off to the best of starts -we were stuck on the runway for 1 hour before we could take off (missed our slot!) Once airborne the journey was comfortable -we travelled with First choice  we upgraded to premier class which was well worth the extra cost - the crew were constantly offering drinks- the service  food was good also.Even with the delay we arrived in Punta Cana only a few minutes late -the airport is amazing -different. We had to pay an entrance tax of $10 pp no one told us this!! Eventually after finding our bus (would have been nice if a First choice rep could have directed us!!) We began our short Journey to the resort. -onboard the bus was a Gran Bahia Principe member of staff (spoke great English) who gave us our details -key cards, towel cards, wristbands fitted. Etc. On entering the resort we were given a welcome drink  then straight away (no wait) we where transferred to our room along with our baggage-5minutes after arriving I was having a shower whilst my wife was unpacking. First priority was to get the safe sorted, so I wandered over to reception after getting directions  an escort from a nice drunk Canadian guy (first impressions  all that!!) People at the reception seemed a little standoffish but they were fine  helpful -Luckily I took $64 cash with me because they would not let me charge the safe fee to the room-everything else we spent on resort-wine-hairdresser -massage was the complete opposite they always charged it to the room  would not take cash-you figure!!!We had made our mind up that if on first impression the room/resort was not up to scratch like recent reviews had indicated we鈥檇 try to up-grade to the adults only Ambar section of the resort - in our opinion this was not necessary  would have been a waste of money. The only benefit we could see for upgrading to the Ambar would be a pool without kids  more a la carte restaurants. Our room was beautiful, located in villa 15 with a pool view  which in our opinion was in the best location within the resort. The beach being more important to us than a pool was of concern before arrival - the beach near the centre of the resort was packed but to the right of the resort near the water sports centre it was very quiet  virtually unused some days, unbelievable really considering the resort was at full capacity for most of our stay, this area of the beach looked quieter  closer to the ocean than the Ambar beach. The first few days we were being offered $200 per day to move to other resorts which included the Excellences resort. These offers reduced to only one day exchange which was more trouble than it was worth -then the offers stopped -I was told the hotel was no longer at full Capacity  that was the reason no other resorts were now being offered- the girl I spoke to said the offers will resume next year -how she knew this baffled me! Rooms鈥?I was surprised when we entered the room - I was expecting a rundown dingy room after having read some other trip reviews -What we got was a large beautifully presented  immaculate room throughout Our room was in Villa 15 on the second floor overlooking a pool. IMO in the best location within the resort. The service of the room was generally very good with a few exceptions nothing major  no need to phone reception - I just found the maid  asked for extra towels-beer -milk etc no big deal. Beach鈥? Having been to Bavaro some 15 years ago I knew what to expect -A beautiful white long beach -The Bahia beach was crowded (like sardines) in sections mainly in the centre of the resort, at the extremities of the resort it was less crowded  like I say near the water sports it was deserted (maybe an exaggeration) well it was quiet. IMO what makes Bavaro beach special are all the tall palm/coconut trees that surround the beach.Grounds鈥?Are amazing, they are constantly being worked on by a battalion of dedicated workers who produce beautiful results - the grounds are far superior to any other resort we stayed at previously -top end resorts we鈥檝e stayed at include El Dorado Royale on the Mayan Riviera  Paradisius in Cuba.Bars鈥?Without hesitation I would say we received the best service we鈥檝e experienced in an all inclusive resort, maybe we鈥檝e had better quality of drinks in other resorts (more expensive resorts!) overall the bars are well run with friendly helpful staff.Restaurants鈥?br/> Because we were in the Punta Cana section our a la carte quota was three per week giving us a grand total of six for our entire holiday, which IMO was adequate, especially because of the high standard of the buffet - I had no trouble booking any restaurant whatsoever -a little flexibility will help -the people who say they have trouble booking restaurants must not have heard of the word 鈥渇lexibility鈥?what鈥檚 it matter if you have to eat at 21.00h when at home you usually eat at 19.00h ! The six restaurants booked were鈥?.Il Charro-Mexican This restaurant was our least favourite -first course buffet style which was good -main course  dessert chosen of a menu- both of our main meals were average at best- poor really! The restaurant lacked in atmosphere  looked a little spartan, a little soft music would have been nice.Garden Grill Steakhouse Our room was near this restaurant  the aromas every night coming from the kitchen enticed us to change the originally booked Dominican restaurant - we were glad we did as it was a great night with some superb steaks. The Grill had the same set up as the Mexican-buffet then menu service. The buffet wasn鈥檛 that great so we had soup/chowder which was fantastic .We both had steak for our mains, wifey had Tenderloin  I had a T-bone -glad we order a bottle of decent wine ($20) to go with the food. We had to laugh when the waiter brought my main meal, as he was serving it a fancy thingy stuck in the potatoes went flying across the room, then the same waiter delivered my dessert, a scoop of Ice cream from the plate went flying in the same direction -we saw the funny side!French/gourmet This was the most formal restaurant on the resort - food was very good  the service staff were superb we left a $10 tip which was the most we tipped-the general ambiance of the place was nice -a great night out.El Pescadore- Seafood  The same concept with buffet first course -mains  dessert waiter service The buffet here was superb I enjoyed this course the most -My wife鈥檚 main meal was really nice, she had King Prawn  Fish Brochette -I had Lobster which was okay although it was beautifully presented. Breakfast  lunch is also available here we never ate breakfast here -though we had many a lunch (buffet) it being near to the beach which we frequented.Mikado -AsianA great experience -this is a group restaurant so you鈥檙e dependent on the people who are at your table we had some nice American folk from Iowa  a nice young couple from Edmonton Canada- BUT- also the most miserable Italian couple you could imagine who never smiled/acknowledged/spoke to anyone. We really liked the format of the Mikado -everyone sits in a small room around a grill then you鈥檙e served Sushi - Tempura -soup with the waiter constantly filling your wine/water glass up The grill chef then cooks your main meal which was very good after that everyone is taken into the main restaurant were you鈥檙e seated at individual tables for your dessert  coffee is served. Romano -Italian The best restaurant for atmosphere we could have been in southern Italy -format buffet first course menu others -the food was of a very good quality all the course being wonderful. The service staff were superb  had great personalities singing whist serving our course.Punta Cana Buffet This is the best buffet restaurant we鈥檝e been in- the food was good to very good  the service was from very good to excellent -Food was replenished consistently- Drinks were always offered  re- offered. Finished/empty plates were taken, never left on the table. The management have some great systems in place -filling one area of the restaurant first thus making full use of all resources -staff -waiters- clearing etc. A very well run establishment. Spa鈥?Most treatments are reasonably priced I used the spa twice -a haircut-$18  Massage $66 for 50 minutes - first massage I鈥檝e had  it was wonderful.Entertainment鈥?br/> Like most all-inclusive resorts this area IMO is their weakest  the Bahia was no exception I suppose you could say it was adequate but nothing special.Animation鈥? This was very poor -a lack of organisation, no information anywhere throughout the resort for times or activities. A complete lack of facilities (or I didn鈥檛 see them) at other resorts we鈥檝e stayed there鈥檚 been archery, rifle shooting etc- here there was nothing, considering the size of the resort I was disappointed that more wasn鈥檛 offered.Dislikes鈥?br/>All the different wristbands colours -we counted at least eight different colours -Why the need for all the colours - in my view the resort needs three different wristbands -Adults only resort-rest of the resort- children - because the service throughout the resort were very similar. Our pet hate- Folks drinking out of large flasks a few feet from the bars (cups at the bar are adequate) it gave a negative feel because most of the drinkers of these flask were usually the loud  drunk  for some reason unbeknown to me it was a certain nationality that used these flasks! We heard lots of disparaging remarks about this nationality mainly due to their loudness  drunkenness at the resort -do yourselves a favour leave your flasks in the snow!!Likes鈥?Management of the Restaurants, bars, communal areas  especially the great management of the bell boy service-no wait when we arrived straight to the room  on departure a courtesy early call to check on departure we would like  then the prompt pick up of our bags.Overalll鈥?br/>We had great holiday  overall I would rate this a 4.5-this rating not being possible on trip advisor  because of the recent bad reviews the resort has received I鈥檒l mark it 5 for balance!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>a_vucko
<Content>Big Resort--Great Beach       view from our room  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KevandJo
<Content>Fabulous Just back from two fantastic weeks at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana. There are now four hotels within the one complex. Bavaro and Punta Cana are mirror images of each other while there is the ambar and premier to the side. There is also some building work going on so probably more to come! (but did not affect us in the slightest).The hotel is immaculate. Theres a lot of people staying but it covers a very large area so it doesn't feel too busy.Restaurants were great - especially Japanese and French ones but all were very good except the Brazillian - may have just been an off night but service was pretty appalling. Staff very friendly and helpful.The beach is beautiful and there are about 4 lovely pools - we were allowed in two of them - one by the beach and one in the centre of the complex. When we arrived they had overbooked the hotel so we took up the opportunity to receive $200 for our troubles and go by bus to another hotel for a night (Cayo Laventado near Samana) which was fantastic too - and we went whale watching there (for free!).Weather was great too - around 28-30 degrees each day with only a few short rain showers (where the heavens opened!) and a couple of days of cloud - but still hot and a nice break from the sizzling sun.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>toyguard
<Content>Don't sweat the small stuff I have been to Punta Cana six times, each a different resort. All of these previous resorts had had mixed reviews; but I found each of the places I had stayed...Great!!Just got back, 1st week in March.The Bahia Principe is a great resort, awesome villas, beautiful grounds, great beach area with lots of beach chairs and plenty of shade from the sun (if you so choose). The staff was great (mostly).I had plenty of reasons to have a negative review, be angry and I could have done a lot of complaining while at the resort. But, really it's all about the attitude. I had, unlike all my previous stays in Punta Cana, problems with checking in, with the restaurants, towels, and with food. But I chose to have a good time, and I did. The problems are trivial, and if you focus your energy on the negative, then you'll be miserable; just move on and you'll have great time. The best I found was the beach, plenty of shaded resting spots, also the live band and stage were great, the Japanese restaurant--don't miss it. Least liked... ... nothing really, for the money, I got way more than my money's worth regardless of the little incidentals. Though, I would not reccomend it to my friends, only because I found it too big--it's like 5 resorts combined in 1; and there are way more people (depending on timing of course) than there are facilities. But, overall, the resort is a great place to visit.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	3	4	2	4	3	

<Author>TonyB08
<Content>This Resort Explained There is a lot to learn about this place before you go, and I would really like to explain this as best I can.Most important of all to make absolutely clear to anyone looking at a brochure - the Gran Bahia Punta Cana  Gran Bahia Bavaro is one and the same hotel, it also now includes the GBP (Gran Bahia Principe) Premier and the new GBP Ambar (new adults only hotel adjacent) all in the same complex. So if you look for a certain size of hotel from the brochure be very careful as you need to add up the following; GBP Punta Cana 708 junior suites, GBP Bavaro 540 junior suites, GBP Amber 528 rooms and 188 Premier. Therefore, you need to understand that you are going to a resort with approximately 1,900 guest rooms, the different names are in effect different receptions in the same resort. When you arrive, you will be aiming for one of these receptions depending where you have booked - our booking said Bavaro. You drive into the complex and follow the road to a roundabout - one side is the GBP Punta Cana, the other, the GBP Bavaro. The front of the hotel is therefore effectively symmetrical - one reception each side, then one buffet restaurant each side, one Japanese restaurant each side and one gourmet restaurant each side - if you can imagine the kitchen would run down the spine between both sides of the restaurants culminating with the theatre that sits between both sides. This then leads out into the grounds housing all the villas, pools, restaurants and public areas all the way down to the beach.We got dropped off at Bavaro and after queuing up, were told that our booking was in Punta Cana - even though our paperwork said otherwise. Never mind, we waited for a bell boy to come along in a little bus that took us round to Punta Cana reception and queued again. When I enquired if our room had two double beds instead of one king double (we were with 2 children) they realised it didn't. To their credit they changed us immediately and gave us our key, a green wrist band and a map!!We got back onto a bus with another bell boy and took us to villa block 28 on the second floor (each villa has 3 floors only - Dominican law states that no building can be built higher than the king palm tree which is good) Our room was more than adequate - clean, roomy, two double beds, table and chairs. sofa bed, bathroom with whirlpool bath and shower. Only downside was it smelt of cigarettes, but not bad enough that it was unbearable.WRISTBANDSComing from the UK, I believe I am right when I say that none of our tour operators get involved with offering the different levels of clubs at this resort; i.e. Diamond Club, Premier Club and Hacienda Club. Even after being to this resort, I am still unclear what each gives you - it certainly wasn't explained or offered at check in. What is clear is that different colour wristbands give differing privileges around the resort. With our green one, we could only eat in the Punta Cana side buffet restaurants and not any of the a La Carte at lunchtimes, i.e. Italian. But not a problem at all.FOODYou are only supposed to be allowed to book 3 A L Carte Restaurants per week. With a few dollars, you could book more if you wanted.The buffet restaurants are beautiful and immaculate, they really are quite special dining rooms. There is a very wide spread of food, good choices and grill chefs to cook to order. However, we did find like many other reviewers that by and large the experience was seemingly unnecessarily spoilt by the food being lukewarm sometimes even cold. Even when they brought out fresh trays they could still be cold- this was really quite mysterious and something they must sort out.They have the following A La Carte restaurants - Brazilian, BBQ, Steak House, Mexican, Gourmet, Japanese, Mediterranean, Fish. We ate in all of them and had mixed experiences throughout. This was either due to poor service one night good the next, cold food one night great cooking the next - this was the overall experience and very frustrating. The worst was the Japanese. The 5 course set meal was Sushi, then cold tempura, then miso soup and then prawns, fish, beef  chicken with rice cooked on the Hibachi grill followed by dessert at a neighbouring table. The grill chef began to cook our main meal as we were eating the sushi!!! When we were ready to eat the main 30 minutes later he had managed to murder all the food as it was waiting on the grill or it was cold on platesit. I really don't think I've ever been so cross in a restaurant (I didn't complain to him as it wouldn't have changed anything) We witnessed someone ruin perfectly good ingredients in front of our eyes and spoilt what should or could have been a very good meal - Benihanas it wasn't!Drinks were always very slow in coming at meal times - except water - and the white wine is undrinkable - really. We ordered a la carte Chilean Sauvignon which was about 拢8 a bottle and worth the money - you wouldn't drink rubbish wine at home so why when you're on holiday regardless if its included??!!POOLS  BEACHWe stayed by the two middle pools as they were quieter and more relaxing - easily got beds and umbrellas. The pool adjacent to the beach was mobbed. The beach was beautiful but again, during the day it looked like the D-Day landings it was so busy!! Swim Up Pool bars were great although the resort seemed to be packed with adults from Canada who even though they were in their forties or above were so loud and raucous later in the day it was difficult to get near the bar, certainly not with children. They all bring their own mugs (which obviously manage to hold more beer than the plastic cups on offer) and one even fell asleep on the bar at 4pm for over an hour having been there since about 10.30am! I found myself being embarrassed for them. Maybe they all don't get out much? There were so many it should be renamed PUNTA CANADA!! (I used to think Americans were loud, but the Canadians are right up there!) ;-)ENTERTAINMENTEvening entertainment in the theatre was ok although I got fed up drinking drinks out of plastic cups. Understandable for around the pool, but why in the evening in the theatre. Only the reception bar had glasses. Lots of dance shows primarily but the children liked it all.Later on in the Principe square out front, there is a karaoke bar, small casino, burger joint, disco and outside seating and a band. Only went once but was ok, great for younger people and night owls!TRIPSLots of trips to do. We went on the Caribbean Festival which was fun on a boat and the snorkelling and swimming with sharks  Stingrays. A truly great trip, and fabulous fun, with dancing and entertainment on the boat. A very professionally run trip, on a beautiful new catamaran with top facilities. Highly recommended. (Didn't do anymore as we transferred to Cayo Levantodo - see below)OVERALLFacilities were great, public areas were immaculate and staff were very friendly. But the service was very erratic and you are just as likely to have a great meal as a poor meal in any restaurant on any night. Subsequently, you really can't take anyone鈥檚 review as gospel as it could change from table to table, in the same restaurant on the same night. Just try and be lucky!For us, our conclusion was that we loved the Dominican Republic but this resort is just too big. A beautiful place but lacks any feeling of intimacy, seclusion, exclusivity and good consistent service. For people with teenagers I am sure they will love it but it鈥檚 not for us. We have learnt a lot again this holiday, and even though we had a great time, we would choose a smaller resort next time.THE ICING ON THE CAKEThe hotel had overbooked. Apparently, they do this often, especially this time of year. They were advertising for volunteers to go to another property for a few nights. As my wife wanted to see the humpback whales spawn, (this happens every Feb  March in Samana Bay) and it was too far for a day trip with the kids, we decided to take up their offer of 3 nights in this area.So after 3 days in Punta Cana, we packed, took 1 suitcase and left the others with guest services  took a 3 hour coach trip (which was fascinating going thorugh the country and towns) and a 30 minute catamaran to their brand new hotel on Cayo Levantado (Bacardi Island)Suffice it to say, this was the best decision we have ever made on any holiday.The hotel only has 196 bedrooms, our room over looked the bay and was enormous, the facilities are first glass, service excellent and we got to know everyone. Beautiful beaches, beautiful pools and restaurants and great staff. I could go on for ages about this hotel, but just look it up for yourself. We immediately prolonged our stay for another 2 nights. They took us whale watching for free and that was fantastic watching them rise out of the water right next to you. And the really unbelievable part about all of this? They paid us $200 per night as we had moved! So, 6 magical days later and $1000 better off, we returned for our final 6 nights back at Punta Cana.IF you are ever in GBP Punta Cana and you see this deal advertised TAKE IT WITHOUT HESITATION and you will email me to thank me for the advice 鈥?that鈥檚 a promise!!!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>irishsiren74
<Content>Never been anywhere hot before       drove up the mountain in the back  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Tanlines58
<Content>The Tale of Two Resorts Let me preface my review by saying that this was the sixth all-inclusive vacation for my wife and me in the last 10 years.It was our second trip to the Dominican Republic and our second stay at a Gran Bahia Principe property.Trip Outline:We were part of a group of eight that booked for two weeks at the Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro. Six of us had stayed at the GBP San Juan together four years ago, and it was that experience that prompted us to book at GBP Bavaro.As a group we are firm believers that a vacation is what you make it. Life is too short to be whining and complaining about nitpicky things.Due to overbooking at GBP Bavaro during our second week, we took advantage of an excursion offered by the resort and spent two days (one night) at the Gran Bahia Principe Cayacoa at Samana. Upon our return we were 鈥渦pgraded鈥?to the Ambar section at Punta Cana.Travel to and from the DR:We travelled by Air Transat out of Vancouver and the flight was pretty much what we expected. We were through customs and on the bus in less than an hour upon arrival at Punta Cana. There was some confusion once we reached the resort, as resort officials spent an hour shuffling us to three different registration desks before we could actually register. Things went quite smoothly on the trip to Samana and back, and on our return trip to Canada.Resort in General:As mentioned by previous posters, the resort is quite large 鈥?something like 1,800 rooms in a series of (mostly) three-storey buildings. Having said that, we didn鈥檛 have too much trouble getting around, although we did use the trolleys on occasion. Our suite was in the middle of the resort, about 5-minute walk to the beach and about a 5-minute walk to the main lobby. The Diamond club pool was right out our front door and we spent most of our afternoons there. A very beautiful resort and well maintained.Beaches and Pools:During our 鈥渓eisure days鈥?we tended to spend the mornings at the beach and the afternoons at the pool. The beach is very nice, with soft sand and plenty of palapas. Even though we were a group of eight, we rarely had trouble finding a suitable spot to park ourselves 鈥?close to both sun and shade, near the water and (most importantly) close to a bar. The only pool we went to on the Bavaro side was the Diamond Cub pool, which was smaller, but a whole lot quieter than the main pool. Once again, there was a good mix of sun and shade and we never seemed to have trouble finding a spot.Even thought the resort has rules prohibiting the 鈥渟aving鈥?of loungers with beach towels, it is a very common occurrence. If you find a spot you like, it is wise to get there early and save your spaces.Buffet Restaurants:We had breakfast at the main buffet restaurant twice and supper there three times. It is very large and can be quite noisy at times. The food is good and there is a good selection. Service is also very good. One draw-back to the main buffet is the lack of an outdoor seating area.We ate breakfast at the Italian restaurant several times, primarily because we were able to sit outside. The selection was good, but quite a bit more restricted than the main restaurant.We had a lot of our lunches at the beach-side grill. Lots of seats and a small but tasty selection (excellent roast chicken).A la Carte Restaurants:We e-mailed ahead and received pre-booking of the a la carte restaurants. Upon arrival, we already had reservations at the French, Japanese, Argentinean (beach-side grill), Garden Grill (steakhouse), seafood, Italian and Mediterranean restaurants.Most followed the same system with an appetizer buffet and a la carte ordering for the main course and dessert. The French and Mediterranean restaurants were a la carte appies and main course. The Japanese had a set menu that was prepared in front of you.In all cases the food was flavourful and well-presented, although the portions were quite small in the French restaurant (I had steak and lobster; the steak was about 2 oz. and the lobster tail wasn鈥檛 much larger).Our preferences (in order from favourite to least favourite) were the Garden Grill, Mediterranean, Japanese, Italian, seafood, French and Argentinean.Excursions:We took a one-day guided tour into Santo Domingo. It was a long day , but well worth it. We got to visit the tomb of Christopher Columbus, the Columbus museum and the oldest cathedral in the Americas, as well as a walking tour through part of the old section of town and a stop at the presidential palace. There was also time set aside for shopping at La Romana 鈥?on the trip in to Santo Domingo 鈥?and then again in S.D.The cost was just under $70 per person, which included all applicable entrance fees and lunch.We took a cab into downtown Bavaro for a beer at Steve鈥檚 Corner bar and lunch at Capitan Cooks Seafood Restaurant. The beer at Steve鈥檚 was great 鈥?good atmosphere on a busy street corner, so there鈥檚 lots to see. Lunch at Capitan Cooks was (in my opinion) a waste of time. Prices were high, the quality of food was not very good and the service was average at best. Ten of us went there. Two didn鈥檛 want to order after looking at the prices and one other sent her food back because she couldn鈥檛 eat it (rubbery calamari). I ordered ceviche and calamari, but I can鈥檛 tell you what it was like, because I never did get my order. Maybe I should have hassled one of the servers to get my meal, but after seeing the quality of the calamari that what one of the other members of the group got, I decided to keep quite and save $25.The hotel also offers free shuttle service to Plaza Palma Real, a high-end mall in Bavaro. There is a cigar and rum shop at the mall that we found a good place to pick up smokes and rum. Good quality and selection and competitive prices. Here is also a Hard Rock Caf茅 there if you have a hankering for a $20 burger and fries.GBP Bavaro Experience: Overall, we had a very enjoyable stay on the Bavaro side of the complex. There were a few minor problems, but nothing that impacted our stay. The staff was courteous and professional.Ambar Experience: The only real 鈥渄owner鈥?on our trip was our upgrade to the Ambar section. The Ambar resort itself is beautiful, with a large, bright lobby and excellent food at the buffet and a la carte restaurants. There is also a cigar lounge near the main lobby that is supposed to be open daily from 11 a.m to 11 p.m. It looks to have a good selection of cigars, but the two times I went to check it out 鈥?once just after noon and once at about 5 p.m. 鈥?it was closed.We had a few problems with our room when we checked in 鈥?an in-room safe that didn鈥檛 work and a leaky toilet -- but both were fixed within the first day.Restaurant and bar service at the Ambar was very disappointing. More than a few times the term 鈥渁trocious鈥?came up to describe the quality of service at the various restaurants and bars we visited.At first we thought it was because we had upgraded to the Ambar section and thus had different coloured bracelets than those that had booked in. After talking to a few other people, we quickly learned the colour of the bracelet didn鈥檛 matter, service was still poor.It鈥檚 pretty poor business for a group of eight to sit through three meals at the buffet restaurants and not have a single server ask us if we鈥檇 like a drink or a glass of wine with dinner, or have no one bother to ask us if we wanted a cup of coffee with our breakfast.In the resort鈥檚 defence, they are still in their infancy and it appears they are still quite short of staff in general and short of well-trained staff in particular. However, having said that, our group paid over $28,000 for these two weeks in paradise. I don鈥檛 think it鈥檚 too much to ask for a cup of coffee with breakfast without having to go to the servers' station and pour it ourselves.GBP Cayacoa Experience: We really enjoyed the overnight excursion. The four-hour bus trip really gives you a glimpse into Dominican life, as you travel through a number of small and not-so-small communities. The GBP Cayacoa is a small resort built into the rocks overlooking Samana Bay. There is a six-storey elevator that takes you from the resort down to a semi-private beach. There is one main buffet and several a l carte restaurants. We had all of our meals at the buffet and were very satisfied with the taste and selection.Closing thoughts:This was our second trip to the Dominican Republic and probably our last. We enjoyed ourselves, but there are too many other places for us to see.We would certainly recommend the GBP Bavaro to anyone. In all honesty, we could not recommend the Ambar at this time.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>pj836
<Content>Great Drinks, Beautiful Beach... Isn't that all you really need? I stayed at the Gran Bahia for a week over Valentine's Day. I traveled with my boyfriend and a couple that we are close friends with. Overall, we had a terrific time! Since we relied upon the Trip Advisor reviews in booking our trip, I wanted to leave feedback about our experience.We booked our stay through cheapcaribbean.com, which provided our hotel transfers, flight, and hotel reservations. It turned out to be a good value for the quality of the trip. Cheap Caribbean was very easy to deal with and would definitely recommend using them.The hotel is near the airport (~20 min.) so transfers are a breeze.The hotel itself is beautiful, as many others have mentioned. But, it is so large and the layout is kind of confusing. It helped us to ride around on the trolley just to get a sense of where things were. In fact, by riding around, we found a pool on the punta cana side (?), near the villas in the 40鈥檚, that was open to everyone. That pool had teak chairs with pads and was quieter, so we preferred that to the large pool. Of course, the only drawback is that it was not near the beach. I put a question mark near the comment about the Punta Cana side because it is literally impossible to tell/remember which side is which. I鈥檓 not sure why they designed the property that way but really its fine, we hung out in both lobbies at different times.The check in process was okay, but definitely a little frustrating. Although we requested so, we weren鈥檛 given a room in the same villa as our friends. We asked to be reassigned but the front desk said that wasn鈥檛 possible. When we were taken to our rooms, our room was on the ground floor with two double beds and theirs was not ready for them. Unbeknownst to each other we both complained and asked to be reassigned. By chance, we were placed in rooms next to each other鈥攚e found out later in the day! So we were very happy about our room assignment but actually we only got it by pure chance. We had gold bands which meant nothing except for we were in the villa closest to the beach. That was the perfect place to be because you could roll out of bed, go eat right there at Pescatore (seafood restaurant which had breakfast buffet) and then go lay on the beach. We wouldn鈥檛 have to take the tram until the evening when we鈥檇 go to the lobby to eat or to have drinks.The drinks at the Bahia were amazing! I think they were the best of any all inclusive that we鈥檝e been to and we鈥檝e been to a lot! The different options were great, there was always something to try and really everything was good.The food was good鈥攏ot great. The a la carte dinners were so much better than the buffet. In fact, we didn鈥檛 eat dinner at the buffet again after we had it once. One of the most important things is to get dinner reservations set up with guest services. It is a horrible procedure鈥攜ou have to go, wait, they act like there鈥檚 not space, you get annoyed, and finally鈥?You get a reservation鈥?for 9:00/9:30pm. But take it! Its worth waiting for. If they say you can only have 3 reservations per week, don鈥檛 take no for an answer! Go back and talk to someone else. Or, if you鈥檙e traveling with others, make you reservations for 4 people all under your room number, and then have your friends make some for 4 people under their room number. If you can鈥檛 get reservations by any means, get creative! For example, one night, we tipped the host at the Japanese restaurant $20 and got in. Trust me, this is so worth it. Although it is annoying to spend time on reservations during your vacation, the food there is a lot better and getting into the a la cartes made our trip.Just to elaborate on the dinner options: Japanese was really awesome. The food was good, and the service was really good too. We also loved the Mexican restaurant. It is so hilarious they have a waiter who walks around with a holster of shot glasses and a bottle of tequila to give you shots. After our dinner he broke out in song and had us all laughing and dancing around with him! Valentine鈥檚 day was really fun at the hotel as well. They had a whole special display set up with different drinks (champagne, special martinis, etc.). They even had a man dressed up as cupid walking around and shooting everyone with arrows. It was great!We took an ATV tour鈥攂ooked with people on the beach who work the water sports. It was a great time and I鈥檇 highly recommend it. The only thing is they take you around the country side and you visit a school. That is tons of fun, I鈥檓 just saying it because we didn鈥檛 know, other people in our group did, and they had brought supplies. I鈥檓 trying to get the address to send them things, and I鈥檝e emailed to the hotel several times without hearing back. That is frustrating because we took a picture with the kids that I鈥檇 love to send them along with some school supplies. Hopefully we鈥檒l hear back about that. I just think that is something good to know in advance, so you are prepared for it! All in all, we had a really great time on this trip. The beach is so relaxing and, honestly, every member of the staff goes out of their way to make sure that you have fun. All of the bartenders, wait staff, and housekeepers do the very best they can. There are some things that do cause stress, and they are caused by the size of the resort and the number of guests. But, whenever you feel yourself getting stressed, just stop whatever it is that you鈥檙e doing and head over to the bar for a dirty monkey, capparinia, or presedente. Then it鈥檒l all be better!! :-P If the price is right, go here! You鈥檒l have a great vacation.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>stugots16
<Content>AMAZING!!!!!!! We just got back from the Bahia Principle or group of 5 adults and 4 boys the ages of 22 to 26 we had a fantastic time the hotel is very large but never a problem getting to were you want to go..the food was very good not always hot but when your producing large volume of food for such a large restort that to be expected...the rooms are a nice size and very clean...the hotel grounds are amazing and very well keep..the beach is paradise there is a lot of loungers..we never had a problem finding chairs for our group but if you want a shaded area I suggest reserving one early morning those are the first to to go...the plaza at night is very lively lots to do and see never boring our boys really really enjoyed the night life..(a little to much) ..the diso was very lively all age groups were in there which was nice to see even the oldies in our group enjoyed it...the entertainment was okay..before we left we were worried with all the reviews of being bumped crowed etc etc...we did not find that at all the resort is very large never feels crowded..we always felt safe walking late at night very well lite lots of security...We had a fantastic time and would go back in a heart beat all age groups would enjoy this resort...Im glad we chose this resort ...a vacation is what you make of it.. so go have fun savory every moment ...and make the best of everyday because before you know it your on a plane coming home...If you have any questions feel free to message me  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Happy_Vacation_Life
<Content>Great Vacation We just returned from Bahia Principe Punta Cana, we stayed there for a week and it was the second time for us to go there. Overall everything was amazing, hotel was soo clean, excellent service, food was not bad, beach was really good, entertainment was not bad at all. We were 3 couples, it was so much fun to the point that i didn't wanna come back.What surprised me the most that so many people were complaing just for the sake of it, they just feel good when they complain about anything and everything.I have read so many reviews before we go, and most of them were just complaing about how the service was slow, rooms not clean, food is not good, but when i went there i found that all these reviews is a big lie. The whole resort was amazing, i am sure you may/may not like the food because its different than the food in canada, just different ways of cooking and preparing food.My Advise for anyone who will decide to go to bahia principie one day, is that you go enjoy your time there, enjoy the beach and the sun, have fun as much as you can and don't waste your vacation trying to find small stuff that makes you angry.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>newlywed0537
<Content>Wedding at Bahia Principe First I would like to say that this resort has absolutely stunning grouds, is very clean and the rooms are very beautiful. We had a great vacation all together, but I would like to write this review for people who are thinking of getting married here. The review is very long but could be beneficial to some :Me and my husband just got married at the Bahia Principe Feb 1st 2008, and I though it would be very important to write this review for couples thinking about getting married there.We were a group of 50 travelling together for the wedding. The plane ride was very smooth from TO to DR. Everything went well at the airport and the bus ride to the Bahia, they even stopped at a little shop so we could purchase a few drinks for the ride! Very nice! For those who don't know, the resort is divided in two mirror sections, with two different receptions (Bavaro and Punta Cana). When we arrived at the resort, the bus dropped us off at the wrong reception (50 ppl with luggage) The Bavaro side arranged for little trolleys to come and pick us up with our luggage, so no big deal. When we got to the Punta Cana side, we were told that my Grandmother (which is 78 yrs old) did not have a room because the resort was overbooked. They offered to send her at another resort for a few nights, which we declined since we didn't want her to be all alone at a different resort. So my parents took her into their room, hoping the problem would be corrected the next day. It wasn't...When we got to our room, we were expecting a welcome fruit basket and a letter from the wedding coordinator (as mentionned in the wedding package we purchased) It wasn't there, but we though it wasn't a big deal : we were there to have a good time with our friends and family and to get married! We were already on cloud 9! lol... So we didn't mind not having a fruit basket. The next day, we tried to book some a la carte restaurants and some tours for people in our group, it took 1 1/2 hours for a girl in our group to manage to book our reservations. We understand we are a big group (we were booking for 10 ppl) but we still think 1 1/2 hrs is a long time... By then, my grandmother and my dad go to the reception to see if she has a room yet, they tell her she has to deal with the other reception because she was booked with Bavaro instead of Punta Cana. When she gets to Bavaro, they tell her she has to go to Punta Cana...it was like that for all the room troubles we had that week. Nobody was willing to help, and they would always refer us to the other reception, which you could imagine, got quite a bit frustrating.I was able to find Marianna (the wedding planner) and she tells me we should've had a letter from her in our room, and we missed our appointment with her. She asks that we meet with her later that day. Before the trip, I had also sent letters to Marianna by e-mail, that contained all the information and scedule for the day of the wedding,and I asked for her to put it in every room (I gave her names for each rooms) she told me she would do it. That morning, the letters were not sent, I asked her several times that week and it never got done.Later that day (Tuesday), we met with Gaby (her assistant) and we confirmed everything we wanted for the wedding (the restaurant, flowers, cake, music, decorations etc...) We give her the legal documents we need to get married and the payment of 2000.00$ for the wedding package. Everything goes very well and we are very excited.We were getting married on Friday, and on Thursday night (around 7h30) Marianna calls my room to let me know they will be changing the location of the reception to a different restaurant. Now, I'm not very happy with this, because we had to let 50 people know about the location, and I don't have time (on my wedding day) to call everybody's room and let them know about the change... So I ask her why she changed us (I had confirmation for the Garden Grill for more that 4 months ago) she tells me there is a group of 150 people and they need the big room at the Garden Grill. To make a long story short, it took us 3 hours to 'discuss' with her to make arrangements for a new location, and to find out why we were 'bumped' from our location. It was very frustrating the night before the wedding, and put a bit of a damper on our week. ( The next day, after we were married, we got back to our room for a bit before the reception, and we saw that the Garden Grill had a wedding for about 50 ppl, not a meeting with 150 ppl....)Finally we got the Italian restaurant (the food was ok, but not great...) for our reception. The next day (wedding day), I had a hair and nail appointment at 1:00, my nails were perfect! But my hair was a mess... She was done by 3:00 and I was getting married at 4:00, so you can imagine my panic! lol... I still had to get my make up done, my hair redone and my dress on... Finally (Thanks to my wonderfull sisters and bridesmaids!) everything turned out perfect...The rest of the wedding day was wonderfull. The photographer is absolutely amazing (Ernesto), the ceremony went without a hitch, the reception was great (except for the waiters getting drunk by trying to put up a show, more annoying than anything) All in all we had a great wedding day!If you are looking to get married at this resort, you be the judge for yourself, after reading this review. Would I recommend this resort for a wedding? Absolutely not. I would not recommend this resort for any organized events. More than once, we felt like numbers...This resort is great for a couple alone who would like to spend a week to relax and enjoy the beach. But nothing that would involve dealing closely with the staff.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>amjkToronto
<Content>Fantastic! We were very surprised as this is a true 5 star. Just got back, we were there from Feb. 23 to March 1st. We loved it! It was a FANTASTIC vacation.This resort is truly a 5 star. I had my doubts because of reading such bad reviews that I wonder if these people stayed at the same place. This is truly paradise. When you first arrive take time to familiarize yourself with the resort, using your map. There are many activities and many stage shows to watch. As we found time would go by very fast and we did not get to do everything we wantd.We took the Diamond Club package and do not regret paying the little extra that it cost us. There were 7 of us, two kids and two seniors and we all had a great time. Lots to do and see that one week was not enough.The staff was supper; sometimes we had a language barrier but not a problem we still got what we needed. The people there work very hard so that you can have a great holiday. The staff in the lobby, the bars, the gardens, the maids and the restaurant servers as well as the cooks are very accommodating. The food may not be what you are used to at home. Remember you are not at home you are in a different country and these people do things a little different. This is part of the experience of traveling. I have traveled to many places and every time I go the food is different. When I travel down to the US, I can hardly wait to get back for a home cooked meal. So what! When in Rome do what the Romans do鈥?.All in all we were always able to find something that appealed to our pallet at the buffet, for breakfast, lunch or dinner. And I鈥檓 a fussy eater. The a-la-carts were really good. Some better then others, but we always found something we liked to eat. We loved all five a-la-carts that we had. With the Diamond Club we were entitled to four and then we were given an extra one where we celebrated the Anniversary and Birthday. This was all set up by the resort management for us. This was a very nice surprise.Rooms were very clean the maids work very hard and always leave a decoration in your room. The towel art is amazing; the balloon decoration that all three rooms received because we were celebrating my parents 50th Anniversary and my sisters 50th Birthday was a nice surprise. The mini-fridge was always stocked and we always had plenty of bottled water. Having the Diamond Club we had our beach towels in our room and had the maid come in a few time a day to make sure the room was always in order. The bathrooms were cleaned after our showers and the beds ready for us at night.The beach was the best, the white sand the turquoise water was so inviting. The waves were a lot of fun for the kids and us adults as well. The use of the Kayaks and the paddle boats and the sail boats was great. Lots to do at the beach and it鈥檚 very clean as the workers are always raking up the debris coming from the ocean. Not an easy task.Pools are all great and each has a swim up bar. We chose to stay at the Diamond Club pool as it was less busy. We did go for a swim to each of them. The pool down by the beach is the busiest, because everyone wants to stay by the beach. Your choice.The grounds are beautiful and the gardeners are always working to keep them that way.Just enjoy your stay in paradise, the week will go by fast.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pedro1177
<Content>Beautiful Grounds but Resort could be better Organized Last Year we stayed are the Riu Macao and absolutely loved it. Staff was great, food, activities etc. We opted to go back to Punta Cana this year and stay at the Bahia Principe. We traveled with 2 other couples and an infant...so here is my unbiased review:Pros:- Beautiful Grounds- Frequent Tram/Trolley service throughout resort- Clean Rooms- Stocked Refrigerator- Quick Check-out Cons:- Resort is Huge which I think makes it hard for hotel staff to manage the constant inflow and outflow of guests- Horrible Check-in process (3pm check in time...NO WAY...more like 5 or 6 pm)- Buffet food was mediocre and repetitive- Took all day for them to get us a Crib in the room for our baby. I had requested it when I booked the trip directly through the Hotel- If you dont have the right color bracelet, then you are in for a tough time. Hotel staff seems to focus on what kind of wristband you have and that basically determines what you have access to. There are probably 10 or so different colors for bands and I am not sure what each one meant. Make sure that when you check in you ask what the wristband means and what you can and can't do...Some Advice- We avoided the large pool down by the beach and stuck to the 2 pools by the Italian restaurant IL Cappricio. Quiet pools with swim up bar and activites. - Forgo the buffet for lunches and breakfast and eat at the Italian Restaurant (Il Cappricio) for Lunch and Breakfast. (No reservations required)- Make your reservations for the formal dinners/restaurants when you check in (We liked the Japanese Hibachi and the Italian Restaurant)Final ThoughtsOverall the resort is nice but I think its problems stem from the size of the resort. There are many guests and the staff is not organized enough to handle such a crowd.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>juliepulie
<Content>Absolutely Amazing! First off, this resort is absolutely amazing. I travelled with my husband and brother from Feb 21-28th. We had a perfect time. We had absolutely no complaints whatsoever. Premier Section: We arrived and didn't even realize we were upgraded to the Premier section. What a great surprise! We had rooms right next to each other as requested. The Premier section has some advantages. While it is quite far from the beach (15 min walk to beach, 5 to main lobby), I loved it. It has it's own lobby, with it's own bar and seating areas. We hung out here every day. The lobby bar makes any drink you want. It has it's own lobby to make reservations for the a la cartes (rarely a wait or lineup) which was a huge advantage as the main lobby always seemed to have many people waiting. Plus the Premier section has it's own pool, swim up bar/pool bar and entertainment. It also has it's own buffet (breakfast and dinner) and snack bar. The Premier section also allows for 4 a la carte reservations. We only ended up using 3.Food: It was great. We loved everything. Lots of selection and always very tasty. Everything was always hot. *Main Buffet: Breakfast, lunch, dinnerBreakfast was fairly similar each day - pancakes, crepes, french toast, fruit, cheese, bread, cold cuts, make your own omlette, bacon, sausage, potatoes, scrambled eggs ect. There's also cereal, yogurt, toast, muffins, croissants, pastries. There's usually a few assorted dishes also, different chicken/beef combinations.Lunch was burgers, hot dogs, sandwiches, salads, grilled meats and then lots of hot dishes. Always different.Dinner was excellent. There are theme nights (American, Mexican, Spanish, Gala, Italian, Dominican, Caribbean). We chose the nights for our a la cartes based on the themes.There was always make your own pasta, then some assorted pastas, pizza, grilled meats and then random hot dishes. We LOVED the Mexican night. *Premier Buffet: Breakfast, DinnerBreakfast was the same as the main buffet, but less selection as it's smaller. We ate here most days. Lots to choose from. Everything was great.We only ate there for dinner once, we usually went to the main buffet or the restaurants. *Premier Snack Bar: choice of hamburger, hotdog, sandwiches, ice cream, cake, pastas, salads ect.*Beach Snack Bar: We went here for lunch a lot. Hot dogs, hamburgers, pastas, french fries, salads, pizza ect. Very busy, hard to get a table.*Mexican a la carte: We loved it. Appetizer consisted of buffet with nachos, enchiladas, soup, tacos, salads. Main entrees were good, dessert was very good as well. This was one of my faves.*Italian a la carte: Good. Not my fave, but my fellow travellers enjoyed it. Again, a mini buffet for appetizers, then entree and dessert. THere were pasta dishes, meats or pizza. *Japanese a la carte: Excellent. You sit around a table with a group and are served sushi, tempura veggies/shrimp, soup and then you watch the chef grill up your dinner! He grills veggies, fries rice (very tasty) and then chicken, beef, shrimp and fish. You can choose one or all of the meats. You then go sit at a table for dessert.Drinks: Lots of selection. There is a menu, but don't feel restricted. THey will make you whatever you want. I had many chocolate monkey's not on the menu, so so good. I really enjoyed the drinks. The colada's and banana mama's were my favourite. Pools: We had our own Premier pool with swim up/pool bar. It was beautiful. Busy though. People staked their claim to chairs pretty early. We were rarely at the pool though because we are beach people.Main pool by beach was full of entertainment. It had swim up/pool bar as well and tons of noise, music, activities ect. Lots of kids. Beach: Amazing. Breath taking. The Principe has a huge stretch of beach, both wide and long. There are tons of chairs so no need to go early to claim. We got to the beach around 10, 10:30 each day and never had a problem finding shade. Honestly there seems to be thousands of chairs.THere was entertainment on the beach but it's so huge you didn't have to be near it if you didn't want it. There's a beach bar, very nice drinks.Resort/Grounds: Everything was perfect. We often saw people buffing the floors every day, polishing the marble, painting. It was stunning. Lots of flowers and benches all over. Beautiful.Rooms: The rooms were great. Very spacious and well kept. No bugs, no humidity and great air conditioning. Our bar fridge was always stocked. THere were no face cloths, I don't see this as a reason to complain. Use a towel instead. Not a big deal. There were alarm clocks, hair dryers, coffee makers, everything you'd need. We paid extra for the safe which is well worth it for security and comfort.Service: Great. Everyone was friendly and happy to please. Drinks were served immediately at the buffets, beer, wine, whatever you wanted. We never waited. THe restaurants were the same. The lobby people were very helpful, as was the people making the a la carte reservations. The bar tenders were always friendly and quick. There was a server at a few of the bars and they were quite attentive. Dishes were cleared quickly from buffet, no worries at all with service.Entertainment: We didn't go to any of the nighly shows, so I can't comment. We mostly spent our evenings in the lobby bar. We did make it to the Pueblo Principe a few times. There's a kareoke/piano bar with drinks at 11 (lobby's shut down at 11) and then a disco at 12. They ask for your room number, but you don't get charged. Not sure what the point is, but not a big deal. There's a snack bar here as well for the late night munchies. There's also a band here at night if you dont' want to go to the show.During the day the Pueblo has lots of shops and vendors. Beware. The vendors are like vultures. Very uncomfortable process. We ended up paying half the original quote price, which I still believe was too much. Honestly, it was a truly impeccable resort. We loved every minute of it. There are so many things that people can complain about but we truly didn't see them. It really is about your attitude. Yes the tram smells a bit like gas. If it bothers you, walk. Yes there were no face cloths. Use a hand towel instead. We had an amazing week and wish we were still there. We will be going back, absolutely. I recommend it whole heartedly. A vacation is what you make of it. We went expecting a good time and we were blown away by the resort. It was perfect.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>jesric
<Content>Perfect wedding, Super Resort       The Wedding Party  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MontrealMe
<Content>WOW!..I want to go back! I flew in this morning and I had such a great time, I'm already on trip advisor to reminisce and pass along stories of my experience there.A)Before we left: We verified prices online but ended up booking through an agent because we were a group of 7 people and wanted to make sure that everything we be booked smoothly and error-free. We booked 2 weeks before departure and when I checked a week before leaving, the price had dropped by 150 /person...oh well!We were advised to take malaria pills - chloroquineYou take it once a day for 6 weeks starting the week before you leave..i think it cost us 15 dollars or something. B) In Punta Cana:Our flight left Montreal at 9:00 pm and arrived at 12:45 am (montreal time). After customs, there are stalls with all the tour operator names...we went to ours, picked up the enveloppe and headed to the designated bus. Bahia Principe is about 30 minutes away..1)The Resort:The resort is divided into two major sections and then smaller subsections within it.If you're facing the beach, the left side is the 'Bavaro' side and the right side is the 'Punta Cana'. The reason for this is that different tour operators purchase different sides..but at the end of the day, both sides share the same main pool, the same beach, the same disco, theatre and 'principal square'.We stayed on the Bavaro side and our side had the - Premier section-- it's the furthest from the beach, and you have access to your own pool, your own lobby and 20 free minutes of internet/day- Ambar -- adults only, private lobby,access to ALL pools and ALL restaurants and situated close to beach- Golden club-- closest to beach- Royal Hacienda- no idea, but this section was near the golden clubEach section has it's advantages and pseudo-disadvantages, but it doesn't really matter where you stay... our villa was the FURTHEST away from the beach...(we stayed in villa 47) but we were closer to the disco and the square than those in the Ambar, for example...Some sections are given their own private pools and an extra a-la-carte dinner...but I personally think that just being in Punta Cana is enough! :)PLUS, there's a trolley/shuttle that runs literally every 2 minutes :)2) Restaurants/Foodi.The only other all-inclusive I have been to was in Varadero,Cuba...and i must admit that the food at this hotel was ten times better! There is a buffet in a restaurant in the main lobby, by the pool bar and depending on which bracelet you have ( i.e we were in the premier section) you have access to smaller buffets near your section/villas.The main lobby has an assortment of food - but they always had fresh fruit, omlette station where you choose the ingredients and they'll make it for you, a bread station, and a cold-cuts section...then they would modify the meals to coincide with the theme of the day....so, when it was themed italian, they offered mozarella sticks with breakfast .... same goes for lunch..they'll always have fruit,bread...etc... and tailor the rest to meet the requirements of the theme.The buffet in the main lobby is open from 8-10 am ( i think)lunch: 11:30-3 ( i think)dinner (7-10) ...(i think)...but if you're hungry outside those hours, there's the poolside buffet that's always being refreshed and and then there's a snack bar in the 'main town' or 'pueblo principe' that offers hamburgers, hotdogs and sandwiches for the late-night munchies.The servers are really kind and sometimes get caught up in juggling so many tables that it may seem as though they've forgotten about you...but they really haven't...if you asked for a glass of red wine, you may get it 6-7 minutes later...but you'll get it with a smile!ii. A-la-carteMAKE SURE you reserve a-la-carte restos when you arrive because they book very easily!We ate at the italian,japanese, and garden grill(steakhouse)..ALL VERY good...and very nice restaurants.3) PoolsThe pools are all VERY clean. In fact, we were shocked at how well-maintained they are! Given the number of children and sunscreen soaked individuals who go swimming, the pool was ALWAYS clean- no film/residue and no smell of chlorine.4) The beachWhen I read through the postings before leaving, I was worried that we'd all be crammed like sardines, and that i'd never find a chair on the beach... even with 6 other people, we were ALWAYS able to find chairs for all of us. It never felt packed or too crowded....I also found it to be quite safe.. I left my beach towel and beach bag ( containing my camera) on my chair, went for a swim and returned to the exact same chair with nothing touched or stolen....but then again, i would recommend always keeping an eye on your belongings :)There's a flea market 3 or 4 hotels down to the right ( if you're facing the beach) that's worth checking out..but there, the vendors are a bit pushy..5) The staff-animation teamone word: AMAZING!they're all so fun and outgoing! Don't be surprised if they ask you to join them to dance..! it's the only way you'll practice! ;) The animation team are hard workers...they're the people who wake up in the morning to hold stretching and aerobics classes by the beach and pools, the ones who'll entertain you throughout the various games that they have scheduled during the day ( olympics, bingo, dance lessons..etc).the ones who'll offer to play tennis or ping-pong with you if you haven't gotten a partner...and then they perform for you on stage after dinner, dance some more, and then go to the club ( discoteca) to dance some more and wake up and do it all over again with a huge smile on their face!The animators spoke english,french,spanish,german, and italian! Some spoke better than others, and I was never in a situation where something could not be communicated properly...6) Pueblo PrincipeThis is the square or 'town' behind the lobby that is used by both sides of the resort. It has huts/stalls during the day with people who sell necklaces, and other souvenirs.. a rule of thumb is to ALWAYS bargain the price down to at least 50 percent off the initial asking price. They're not too pushy and will leave you alone if you walk away or jokingly tell them you have no money.The ' club' or 'discoteca' called Congo Bachata is in the square as well as an internet cafe, a kareoke bar and some shops to buy souvenirs from.7) We visited 'MANGU' It's a two-floor club with techno upstairs and salsa/merengue/bachata and hiphop downstairs.. entrance was 8 US dollars and included a drink! the demographics are 50 percent local and 50 percent tourists---it was lots of fun and a 13 dollar cab ride to the club from the hotel( and 13 back of course)8) The conversion We purchased everything in US dollars but they also accept Pesos ( 33 pesos = 1 US dollar)9) TippingWe tipped a dollar everyday to the maid by leaving it on the pillowcase. The maid would always make shapes and creatures from the towels like a swan, a heart, a fan, some unidentifiable yet cute looking creature and place flowers on them. As pretty as the flowers are , they do have little harmless ants crawling out of them...no biggie, but I thought i'd mention it ;)10) The roomVERY spacious. Nice marble bathroom, a safe ( that you need to pay 32 US dollars for upon check-in) a tv with many channels, a table with chairs in the room, a table with chairs on your balcony/patio. Unlike the other all-inclusive I've stayed at, the bed sheets were not humid and they smelled fresh :)This vacation was absolutely amazing and they really did try to accomodate us the best they could. Although the resort is HUGE with approximately 3000 guests and 2000 workers, you're still able to feel that sense of coziness you would at a smaller resort.Enjoy your trip!:)  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Matt_A_35
<Content>Good choice, especially for families I went to this resort last month with my pregnant wife and my 4-year old daughter. We were looking for a nice place to relax in the sun at a reasonable price. We were happy with our choice.The rooms were clean and in good shape (and hopefully you won't be spending all your time in your room). Service was uneven, but generally good. There were not a lot of fluent English speakers on staff, but if you were polite and patient it was not a problem.The grounds were beautiful. The beach was the nicest I've seen at this type of resort. The best feature, bar none, was that this was the first resort I've been to where you didn't have to get up at the crack of dawn to claim pool chairs. The food was o.k. The buffet was fine; the reservation restuarants were not terrible, but were somewhat disappointing.For a large all-inclusive resort catering to package tourists, they do a good job. It is a very good choice for a low-key family vacation.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>ward5612
<Content>Not The Greatest Experience Stayed there for 2 weeks Feb 3 to 17 in the Royal Golden area, building 21.Would rate the experience a 5 out of 10.Airport was a zoo. Really crowded and seemed disorganized. We managed to survive and found our bus to the resort in time.On arrival we were directed to the Golden Club Guest Service Salon (A small 4 desk room with 4 customer service people and about 20 guests waiting in line so talk to them) to arrange for our dinner reservations and a safe in our room.The vacation started of on sort of a negative note as we were there just when theft of a purse from one of the guests occurred. The lady had her purse sitting right beside her on a table when her purse was snatched. It happened so fast!I sympathize with that lady because it happened in an area which was supposed to be secure.I read an earlier guest comment where it was said this wasn't the hotel's fault. I disagree, and I think it is wrong to marginalize this person's shocking experience because it should not have happened in such a place.We found out that such things are common in this area, and it was surprising that more isn't being said about it by travel agencies.After that shocker, we went to our assigned room, a second floor unit,and waited for our baggage to be brought by the porter as instructed. It never arrived, and after waiting 6 hours we went back to the arrival area and our baggage was still sitting on the driveway in front.We took it to our room on our own rather than leave it there any longer. It's a long way with two large suitcases!Our room was a little shopworn but adequate. There were some things missing that we were told would be there such as a coffeemaker, bottled water, and facecloths in the bathroom we called about this but only got the water. Never did see a coffeemaker, and facecloths seemed to be in short supply the whole time we were there. The bathtub plug never worked, but shower was used mainly anyway so that was'nt a big deal.Maid service was not bad, although the room was left unmade until late afternoon most days.Grounds and buildings look really nice, and there seems to be a lot of attention given to them by work crews which are always there.The pool was really clean, and there were lots of lounge chairs available around the pool. It gets crowded after about 10:30 AM, and getting a shaded area isn't easy because they are usually all taken early on. It also gets pretty noisy after 3:00PM when the loud music gets turned on, but that's probably a good time to head to the beach anyway.The beach is expansive, with beautiful soft sand, and lots of shaded huts to use, although the whole area is just a sea of blue chaise lounges row on row. Really a lot of people there.We ate at both buffet and a la carte restaurants and had few complaints. lots of variety and mostly good quality food. One or two exceptions where a steak was unchewable or had a fossilized coating of hollandaise sauce pasted to it.Servers were really friendly and seemed to be trying hard to please everyone.Once in a while there was a really strong sewer smell in the main buffet restaurant at breakfast time. Don't know what that was all about, but it didn't happen often.Getting around is not too difficult because there are shuttles running every few minutes, so it saves walking the kilometer or so from one side of the place to the other.There are some really nice things about this resort. There are also some not so nice things. The worst situation when we were there had to do with the place being overbooked. people were arriving with nowhere to put them, or putting them in a part of the resort they hadn't expected to be put. They were offering people incentives to relocate to another resort all the time we were there.In retrospect, the place is just too big and too crowded for our taste, and if we had to do it over again we wouldn't have chosen this one.In fairness to the hotel, it was definitely overbooked, and I think staff were just overwhelmed because of that. Now as to why it was so severely overbooked, that's another story. This shouldn't be happening.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	3	1	

<Author>OhioEd1
<Content>Huge doesn't begin to describe.... Before deciding on this resort, I must have read a hundred reviews on this site. A vast majority of the reviews gave this resort the big thumbs up. So will mine. We have been to Punta Cana 7 times staying mostly at the Barcelo Bavaro Palace. I mention this because of the size difference between the 2 places. When people say the Bahia Principe is big, that's an understatement. This place is a city, maybe a city and suburb all to itself. I am not into big places which is why I mentioned the Palace. No shuttles needed within the resort. Everything is a max 5 min walk. Not at the Bahia Principe. The shuttles did run often, but you never really know where you will end up when you take one. The only thing that made this resort managable was staying in Ambar. Do it. Spend the extra if you have it and upgrade to the Gold Club. That suburb I was talking about, it's Ambar. You can walk to the beach, buffet, and a couple of the restaurants. Pools and bars along with the beach grill are all right there. It has it's own lobby area, where you can book golf, trips, water sports, ect. It even has it's own little shop. It is adults only so if you are taking kids, and why would you want too, you can't stay there. Food: all in all pretty good. The Ambar buffet was smaller but seemed to have a better variety of food for all meals. At breakfast, you can get a Mamosa or Bloody Mary when you walk in. I do admit, the service could have been better, seemed to be understaffed and was hard to get drinks at the table. Not all the time but often enough. We ate at the specialty restaurants finding the Japanese and Gourmet the best. We didn't rush to make reservations when we got there and generally didn't have a problem changing things around as needed during the week. I'm not a fan of scheduling dinners but I guess alot of places are going that route. If you go here, that's what you have to do. And men, take the long pants. You cannot eat at night, even the buffet, without long pants. However, if you forgot them, they did offer room service all day, but the menu was mainly hamburgers and the like.Drinks: this is where this place blows the doors off the Palace. Lower to Mid level liquor available everywhere. Stoli on the rocks seemed to be the drink of the week for us. After a couple of days, the bartenders remember you and have a drink ready to go, as long as there is not a line of people waiting. Champaign everywhere, mamajuana everywere, good scotch, good gin, forget the local stuff, they have real booze. Again, table service in the bars was a little slow. They offered a drink of the day which was usually some fruity or chocolate thing. All the bars closed at 11:00 pm. Rooms: I don't know anything about the rooms up front, but in Ambar, outstanding. Big rooms, huge bathroom, jacuzzi bath tub and separate shower stall, marble floors, really nice. The beds were comfortable and, get this, you can order different pillows depending on what you are used to. Everything from hard to feather pillows, didn't find that out until the end. The pillows in the room were a bit hard for me so I guess I should have taken the time to read all the propaganda in the room first thing. And don't think you can open the balcony doors and get a nice breeze along with the A/C. When you open the sliding doors, the A/C goes off until you close them. So don't leave the doors open even a little or the room will be a sauna in no time. Get to know your housekeeper as well. She was great about making sure you had enough supplies (beer) in your room. The first day we stayed on the beach all day. I took a small cooler on the beach for beer. I asked my housekeeper if she could get me some Presidente for the beach and before I knew it I had 20 cans of beer in my cooler. I never had less then a six pack in my room the rest of the trip.Shuttles: Yes they were all over the place but no they didn't always take you where you wanted to go. If you don't want to walk that much and you are staying in Ambar, make sure your shuttle says Ambar in the front. Otherwise you will ride all over the place and not get were you want to be. There are two main entrances to the resort. The Punta Cana side and the Bavaro side. All shuttle end at the Bavaro side. Only the Ambar shuttles go to the Punta Cana side. That is where we checked in along with the Gold Club Check in Room and the Casino is on that side too. We did walk alot. Casino: really really small. 6 tables, maybe 40 slots. Get there early if you want to play anything. Seats fill up fast. Drinks are not included there as the casino is separate from the resort.Beach: just as you would think, it's huge. Plenty of places for sun, shade, or to hide away. We saw 2 weddings on the beach and they do a great job of decorating for it. People do walk around offering you excursions but a simple no thanks sends them on their way. If you plan on spending the entire day on the beach and want shade, yes you will have to get up a little early and grab a spot. But if you are on and off the beach any other times, you can always find a place to sit your tired bones.If you can handle the size of the place then I highly recomend this resort. It is a first class facility, with a few bug still needed to be worked out. I'll go back, maybe one more time.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bostonterp
<Content>Bahia Principe Bavaro is a beautiful place! I was just at the Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro Punta Cana from Feb 20 - Feb 26, 2008. It is an absolutely gorgeous place. I picked this hotel because of the high ratings here on Tripadvisor and because of the charming colonial style of the buildings.The pools are sparkling blue.....the ocean is a beautiful aqua. It is so nice to relax by the water. There were always lounge chairs available at the pools and beach and we always found a shady spot to drag our chairs to. I went with my boyfriend and my parents. This was a family vacation for my mom's 80th birthday. We booked our vacation thru Bookit.com and they were great. The rooms we had wereclean and spotless. The food in the buffets was very good. I was worried after reading some negative reviews, but we always found delicious things to eat at every meal. The only thing I would not recommend is the beef. It was quite tough no matter the form it took....steak, stew, etc. My favorite food was the rice and beans and the fresh fruit. There were always vegetable dishes at lunch and dinner that I found to be delicious. There is a buffet at the lobby area and a snack bar near the beach and pools. They were both very good. As other reviews mentioned, it is a good idea to make reservations at the a la carte restaurants when you first arrive. We ate at the French, Mexican, and Italian restaurants. They were just ok. I actually liked the buffets better but it was a nice change to be in a restaurant. Be sure to let them know in advance if it is a birthday celebration, the restaurant waiters will sing happy birthday in Spanish and English at your table.There is a trolly that runs every two minutes so you can get from one end of the resort to the other very easily. We found the staff to be very kind and friendly and helpful. Knowing a few words in spanish is helpful. They come and clear your plate right away so knowing the phase I am not finished [no soy terminado] is a very good one to memorize. We brought a bunch of single bills to be able to tip the staff at each meal and our room maids. You don't have to, but I felt it was a good thing to do. Renting the room safe is definately worth it ...it cost us $24 for the week. We didn't go to the evening shows. I popped in to see part of one show, and we saw one rehearsal during the day which was interesting. I was exhausted and usually went to bed fairly early. Some guests were noisy coming in at night and that woke me up a few times. I called the front desk [they speak english] and they sent security to ask them to quiet down. I didn't enjoy the loud music that was sometimes on the beach and at one of the pools [this was for dance and exercise classes]. The only down point of the whole vacation was knowing how dirt poor the people of the Dominican Republic are. It is a strange and sad thing to be in such opulence while knowing that there is terrible poverty in this country. Overall, this is a fabulous place for a luxurious and relaxing vacation. I highly recommend this resort!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>camelmania
<Content>Not for the American traveller I read nearly every review before booking this trip and understood the good and not-so-good about this place. As an American traveler who has been to a lot of destinations, I have to say that this trip was average and I would not return. I guess I was hoping that our experience would be like the great reviews and not like the bad ones. Bottom line is, this is a HUGE resort and the nice touches that many experienced travelers expect are just not going to be met. As everyone agrees, the grounds, pool and beach are stunningly beautiful and well-maintained. The accommodations are very nice and the maids were fantastic. We did tip $3/day and also brought chocolate and clothes to give to them.The food was average, at best. We did enjoy our diner at the Japanese and Mediterranean restaurant and the French was decent (but took forever to get our food). The regular lunch and dinner buffets were well below the average American meal--my food in college was better! I am not at all a picky eater and found that the chicken was the only decent food. The breakfast each morning was the only good meal of the day--but we ate at the Italian restaurant which is only available to Club Diamond guests.In conclusion, if you don't mind big crowds, fair food and some disappointment, then book this resort. But, if you have certain expectations and want more than an average vacation, look elsewhere. Again, we didn't have a bad vacation, but it wasn't great either.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	2	5	3	

<Author>jaybaz
<Content>ok Hotel is masive staff are great but i wouldnt go again,,It`s clean and well looked after the grounds are immaculate, the rooms are standard could do with a refirb but on the whole lets face it you only shower and sleep there so they are ok, the problem i had with the resort is i`v done a lot of the carribean and this to me was teneriff lots of crowds/drunken canadians/very loud/lots of children, not that i`v got anythink against kids (i`v got my own) but i expect them to behave, so all in all if you want a relaxing holiday which i expect from the carribean dont go here, pay a bit extra and go to another island or go that bit extra and go to the Maldives,( now that is paradise) but thats another story. If you want fun and games this is the place if you want to relax then go elsewhere,  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>beach_bum6d9
<Content>LOVED IT       room  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A2theK
<Content>We LOVED it! Would return anytime....       Beach  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>tannedcanuck
<Content>So Perfect We were there from Feb 14 - 21, 2008. Not only were we married there, we also took 28 of our closest friends and family ( young children included) . Not one glitch, not one sickness, not one disaster. The staff is amazing and the resort is so beautiful and user friendly which was much appreciated considering how big the resort is. We travel yearly and will be back there again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LovetheCaymans
<Content>Gran Bahia Just returned from a short four days w/my daughter. A girl trip that both of us really enjoyed overall. The resort is beautiful and immaculate. But beware, as all other postings advise, it is VERY large and spread out. This was not a problem for us, but could see how it would be for some - elderly or those with small children. There is a tram that runs non-stop until 3 am and you never have to wait more than a minute or two for their arrival. We never used the tram and enjoyed the walk to and from the beach everyday. But a lot of people do use the tram. The food is well, for lack of a better word, pretty disgusting. I have never had so much grease in my life, but if you are not into the weird looking concoctions with American names (like lasagna with brown marinara sauce) then that is what you have - endless burgers, fries and hotdogs. Nothing really tastes good. The fresh fruit was amazing! Especially the pineapple!Scrambled eggs at breakfast were runny and undercooked, etc. Just not good food and no way to put this nicely. For the price, you would expect more. We were only there for 4 days, so they told us that would only entitle us to have one reservation at the four gourmet restaurants. Hey, I didn't think this was fair - I paid my money like everyone else! Drinks were good and not watered down. No service at the beach for drinks, but a lot of peddlers.Rooms were ok - nothing fancy - a little buggy and very, very humid - no shower doors or curtain - just open air shower in bathroom, which made for even more humidity. But you have these problems at most Caribbean locations. Pillows were completely flat - I had more of a pillow by folding up my towel and using it for a pillow. The entertainment was your usual cheesy, but fun shows. There was a good reggae, Caribbean type house band that played every night in the town square.The employees worked hard - but the Domenicans almost seemed to be very shy - they don't offer conversation and you have to really engage them in order to get a word out of their mouths. But their hard work is evident in the cleanliness of the place. We didn't find the service to be bad at all. We did get interaction when we said we were from St. Louis - they all know Albert Pujols! The beach and pools were beautiful, clean and relaxing. That is all we came for anyway, so the other shortcomings didn't really bother us. If you like the sun and the sand, this resort was perfect - one of the prettiest beaches I have been to next to Beaches in Negril. Beach chairs at pool and beach are plentiful. There are a good deal of shady areas on the beach that are shielded by palm trees, yet you still feel like you're on the beach.Skip the trip to the shopping market - overpriced stores that sell nothing but overpriced clothes and jewelry. We had to go because of Hard Rock and collecting their shot glasses, otherwise the trip would have been useless. There are nice little shops in the resort town square area that we felt were pretty reasonable. The shuttle from the resort to the mall is free, but you have to sit through pick up and drop off at other resorts. It was interesting to see the other resorts and the town itself. There is nothing to do off resort besides this or golf. Of all the resorts we drove through, this one was by far the nicest and most-well kept.All in all, I think you would enjoy this resort, but it is very big.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>amc5512
<Content>Great Resort After using Trip advisor several times for previous trips, I know to take a lot of the reviews with a grain of salt With our trip to Punta Cana, it was no different. I think some will complain about anything and everything. We went to the Gran Bahia Principe for 4 nights and stayed on the Punta Cana side. I took the advice of others and learned the layout of the resort quickly- Without this it is easy to get lost and confused a bit- since the hotel is two hotels in one. The reception was wonderful and our room was ready when we got there. We took a cab from the airport for 33$ and did not have to wait on a bus to fill up. The room was great, very clean and perfect for us. The beach here is beautiful!!! The weather was great and the food was perfect. With so many choices I don't know how someone can not find something they like. We did leave a couple of bucks for our maid for extra stocking of the fridge and then worked great. Overall the trip was exactly what we were looking for- A getaway from the drab and dreary weather of Feb- for some sunshine and relaxation. Okay, now with the negative- the language barrier is frustrating- I will admit- We travel often to the islands and I guess we expect at least the main staff to speak English- This was the most difficult for our little knowledge of spanish- We were able to get by, but a lot of questions about the island and it's culture went unanswered do to lack of understanding- I am thankful there were no emergencies, b/c I could see that being a big problem- In Punta Cana- Americans actually seem to be the minority vacationers- We noticed many French, Russian and German families- who also had difficulty with the language of the staff- That was the only downside- but all the drinks and plenty of sunshine- made up for the lack of communication with the resort staff and we had a great time!!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>erg999
<Content>Huge place..great pools...but bugs The place is beautiful to look at. It is absolutely huge so if you have little children be prepared to take the trolley that the hotel provides to get people from the reception area to their rooms. It is at least a 10 minutes walk from reception to the beach area. Food was good. I actually liked the buffet restaurant the best because that gave a great selection of local Dominican cuisine. Beach is gorgeous and goes on for miles in both directions. The problems of the resort are as follows: 1) Smell of sewage around the outdoor theater 2) Construction going on from very early morning right next to the bungalows. 3) Bugs in the rooms - not just mosquitoes - but small roaches and ants. Rooms are clean so maybe it is just from the humid climate. 4) Rooms were not made up till between 5 and 6 pm even though we had left the room at 9 am every morning. 5) Because the resort is so huge there is constant small diesel truck traffic going on inside the resort on the walkways. These trucks are a constant source of annoyance if you are trying to walk and the diesel fumes are gag-producing. They also drive very fast and if you have small children, I would make sure that that they stay near to you when walking. 6) Very limited activities going on and if there was stuff going on, it either started late or not at all. 7) There is one internet cafe where they ask you to buy a code that entitles you to one hour of internet that is usable for a 5-day period. It cost $12 US. The internet connection is extremely slow so it takes 10-15 minutes just to get your mail. After the 3rd day, I still had 20 minutes left on my account but was told that they had reset all the parameters the day before so I had lost my 20 minutes. After complaining the gentlemen told me I could have 20 minutes back but that I had to use it RIGHT now. Other people complained as well. I thought this very cheap and annoying. I don't think that we will go back to the Gran Bahia Punta Cana but we love the Dominican Republic and will probably go back to the Club Med instead.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	3	1	

<Author>guppydiver
<Content>Overall Very Good We arrived home today from a week long stay at the Gran Bahia Principe. First of all when we booked our vacation in October the reviews for this hotel were very good but as our trip approached reviews went downhill. This made me nervous and I really didn't know what to expect but lets just say this resort is great. This was the first trip for my husband and I to the Carribean and we went along with close friends of ours who were on their fifth trip. First things first we booked with a local Sell Off Vacations office in St. John's Newfoundland... after much research we picked the resort, decided we really wanted the Diamond Club upgrade and all they had to do was book the trip. I stressed to the agent we wanted Club Diamond, we went over the features many times and it appeared to be a done deal. 3 weeks before my holiday I emailed the resort to confirm our honeymoon upgrade and mentioned Club Diamond only to receive an email back saying honeymoon upgrade was fine but they had no record of Club Diamond upgrade. I called Sell Off and they again confirmed our upgrade but I was told she would get the agent we were dealing with to look into it. It took over a week for us to hear back only to find out she had made a mistake booking our trip and did not include the upgrade and because it was HER fault there was nothing they could do (not sure where that logic comes from). My husband called and was very upset as we would not have booked at such a large resort if not for the upgrade.. anyway after many emails and phone calls we get an email from Laura at the resort that everything was sorted out. We found out a week before our departure that our flight times had changed and we were now departing St. John's at 9:20 pm.. this was a huge pain as we now did not arrive at our hotel until after 4 am on Tuesday thus losing an entire day and night (which we paid for). Upon check-in our friends ended up having their upgraded bracelets available and for some reason we had regular bracelets (even though we had been the ones complaining) when I mentioned my email with Laura no one had any idea who I was talking about and I never did get to meet her (even though I had brought her a little present for her assistance). The upgrade was settled the next day although the guy at the desk made it seem like he was doing us a huge favor by fixing everything and reminded us that it would normally cost an extra $200 per bracelet (which we had already paid). None of us had Diamond Club rooms upon arrival but were ok with it was we were happy to be in villa 39 next to the lobby and fairly close to the Diamond pool where we practically lived for the week.After things were sorted out our first real day everything was fabulous staff were friendly, our maid was great (money goes a long way at this resort), one day we tipped her $10 and got a dozen beer in our fridge and a bottle of rum. Like I said we spend most of our days at the Diamond pool as it was a little less busy and very close to the Italian restaurant which you can go to breakfast and lunch with the Diamond upgrade and it is 100 times better than the buffett. We found the al la carte decent and our friends raved it was the best of any resorts they had been to. Italian is good, Grill was awesome, Mexican and BBQ were decent. As for other complaints yes the review is huge but you know this when you book it.. the maps are fairly straight forward and there is no reason you should get lost. The beach is far from the lobby and Diamond areas but the trams only take a minute and they may stink but come on it does the job. As for a purse getting stolen I don't think this is the fault of the resort and no matter where you are if you leave your purse unattended there is a good chance some dishonest person is gonna steal it. I actually felt quite fine leaving my beach bag at the pool with a few dollars tip money, our cameras, clothes, room keys etc in them and we never had anyone go through them and nothing was ever missing. Several times we left money around the room and it was always there after the maid left.We did 2 extra outtings during the trip.. the first was parasailing which was so much fun and not the least bit as scary as I thought it would be.. and the second was renting buggies with a ranch type tour business (Rancho something was the name) this was fun although not the fast pace buggying we have done in the past. First of all it was pretty slow and the machines were not in the greatest shape but then they brought us to a deserted beach for a swim and break then we did and tour of a cave and actually got to swim in it which was awesome and that alone was worth the $65 per person. I would recommend this but be warned you aren't gonna go crazy it is more of a slow relaxing site seeing tour, The guide from this tour had the best english of the whole trip and had a great sense of humor. It was though heart breaking to see the kids chasing the buggies and the bus looking for a dollar or even just a high five. I wish I had brought some candies to throw to them but will definately know next time),Overall the vacation was amazing and we would definately go to Gran Bahia again.. next time we discussed upgrading to Amber as it is adults only and actually the same resort which we did not know when booking. We found there were usually a few kids around in the morning although they would usually disappear in the afternoons (not sure why). I will never book with Sell Off Vacations again as I can not even tell you how unnecessarily complicated they made the whole experience.As an added note this morning as we picked up the travellers from the other resorts we heard some real horror stories.. some of these resorts are NOT what they claim to be and I honestly got shivers just stopping outside to pick people up.. one group were overcharged on their hotel bill and they hotel made the sign them visa slip or were told they would not give them the slip they needed to get the bus to the airport.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	2	4	4	

<Author>SimSimmaVancity
<Content>Sets the Bar Really High! Let me start by saying that I've been on a few beach holidays before (once to Australia and Hawaii for my honeymoon) but this was my first All-Inclusive vacation, and WOW, I'm confident saying that this experience is going to be near impossible to beat!A group of 50 of us, yes 5-0 booked from all over the world - Portsmouth (UK), Vancouver (CA), Edmonton (CA) and Niagara Falls(CA) end of January/beginning of February for a destination wedding. Now you can imagine with a group this size that we had every type of experience you can imagine so I apologize in advance for the long review, but the overall consensus was: FANTASTIC!!! I'm going to mention things that happened to both myself and members of the group, some had more of an impact on the group than others, some were minor and easy to resolve, in fact most are not worth even mentioning, but since others on trip advisor mention similar things, I thought why not mention them and state that they were actually a very small deal...you're on vacation! Smile and make the most of it!Airport- Arrival:The airport is open air and you get your pic taken when you enter, which you can purchase on your way out. It took a little while to get our bags since so many flights arrived at the same time. We didn't have to pay anything to enter the airport, I believe there is a $20 fee pp when you depart but this was already paid by Air Transat and therefore we knew not to pay it if asked, which we never were. The baggage handlers can be quite aggressive to 'assist' you with your bags when you arrive, but seriously, avoid them as the buses are like 30 feet from the airport exit and there help isn't necessary (tip them if they do assist as they are trying really hard to be helpful). Our tour operator told us what bus to go to and while on it, many of us got our bracelets and room cards. Some of us (the Vancouver group) did not, and were told to go to the Royal Golden reception when we arrived to the hotel.Hotel Check-InThe group had all booked to be in the Royal Golden section, giving us access to many extras such as an massive additional pool, 3 al a carte restaurants and free 15 min internet access each day. We were all given welcome drinks and greeted by some festive dancers. The people who had their room keys distributed on the bus got off and their bags were placed on a trolley. We found out later that some of them had to wait hours for their bags to arrive -I'm not surprised since logistically. I couldn't understand how they would know where to take them. We proceeded to the Royal Golden Reception and were given our bracelets and room info - to our delight, we discovered that we had been upgraded to the new Ambar section! Meaning access to everything the Royal Golden had + more. The only downside was that weren't in the same buildings and the group from England had a child that wasn't allowed in Ambar - which was ok, we just planned to meet at different places each day.Here are the Pros:Overall: The resort is huge but it鈥檚 easy enough to navigate, just study the map and go to your Tour group's orientation. Believe it or not, I figured out most of the layout at night. We love the fact that the resort is so big, it made for a huge variety of places to go and things to do. There's a wide variety of people from all over the world here (I guess the word's out as to how good it is: England, Canada, US, Argentina, Italy, Spain, Mexico...*The locals call the place Punta Canada because of all the Canadians, whom they love for our friendliness and openness (unlike the Yanks :). The place is very clean and well kept. Pools:The pools are massive and finding lounge chairs isn't too difficult. There are pool bars at most of the pools and the service is fast and friendly. There are activities at the main pool and the rest are generally quiet - unless of course our group was there and we took over with our iPod and speakers :D Food:There were many food/buffet choices with a great variety - nobody ever left hungry or disappointed. *The Italian restaurant on the Ambar beach serves breakfast and is among the quietest with the best view ;) We went to 4 a la cartes, (3 because of the Ambar upgrade + 1 for the wedding guests) and they were all great: Le Gourmet PC, Brazilian BBQ, Garden Grill and Mediterranean. They were booked in advance by our concierge (there was a letter in our room when we arrived - very convenient).ServiceI'll miss the excellent service from the servers whose genuine effort to keep busy and serve you is world class. The Domicans are a fun and sincere people, always singing to themselves and smiling at guests :) Entertainment:Nightly shows were pretty good overall. MJ show was excellent. The place shuts down at 11 in order to encourage people to go to Pueblo Principe 鈥?a 鈥榥ight-life鈥?square with shops, a house band, karaoke, casino, 24 hour burger joint, and disco that opens at midnight. Fun, fun, fun! Also, this separation keeps the rest of the resort nice and quiet.Rooms:They are big, bright and quite spacious. You need your room key to operate the lights etc. Most in our group had nothing to complain about, but I鈥檝e described some issues we came across further below. No towel art in Ambar section but those staying in Royal Golden were treated to lovely swans, dolls, balloons etc.Wedding:On the beach with a live band and the bride looked lovely. What more could you ask for? 飦?I believe the bride and groom hired the hotel photographer and we were all pleased as he made the most of the beautiful backdrop with all the family and friends. The wedding coordination (judge鈥檚 arrival etc) all went smooth. The photographer鈥檚 pics also arrived very soon after the wedding.Beach: (I saved the best for last)Phenomenal! Soft sand, clear, warm water, the photogenic ship wreck in the distance, nice sized waves, lots of lounge chairs = Welcome to Paradise!!!! I can't understand how people can complain after having access to that beach for an entire week. An early riser in our group even witnessed them with a big loaders clearing up the seaweed from the beach each morning. Beachside, there鈥檚 plenty to do: a beachside bar with some really friendly staff, volleyball, aerobics, dances contests and non-motorized water crafts that you have to reserve in advance in order to use.Now for the Cons:Getting Around:Some people found the place large and confusing since its 5 resorts together, and they're essentially mirrored. Since there were so many of us spread around the resort, it was kind of fun doing our own thing and then randomly running into people we knew.There are trams that come around often and take you from one end to the other (I never smelt exhaust fumes). There are even little bus stops everywhere to pick people up.Rooms:We were spread throughout the resort when we should have been altogether; I think they did the best they could as there were 20+ rooms booked in our group. Some people had room mixups: some couples were given 2 double beds in their rooms and some singles guys sharing a room were given one king size bed. The couples with 2 queens merely left it as is, while the 2 single guys got there's changed the next day, with a $20 bill to the front desk staff. The only real complaint I had was that a slightly elderly couple in our group couldn't get their room changed from the 3rd floor to the ground floor even after requesting it for 2 days. They made do in the end but sadly may have gotten the change with some palm greasing. We had a mosquito problem in our room (so bring your bug spray just in case) as it was on the ground floor. The Ambar rooms have a 4-poster bed but the mosquito net is purely decorative and doesn't wrap around the whole bed, so we got bitten while we slept - very aggravating. We noticed that the maids left the room door wide open while cleaning. We left a note for them to please close the door but they didn鈥檛 seem to get the message (maybe because the cart doesn鈥檛 fit through the doorway). We tipped the cleaning staff generously as they kept our room very neat, and fixed issues with our shower door and stopper when requested. However, no towel art 飦?br/>Also, you can鈥檛 hear the ocean from your room, since they鈥檙e so far back. By law in DR all the buildings must be shorter than the palm trees, so that makes the resorts more spread out. The place is apparently overbooked and they offer you to stay at other 5-star resorts, plus they pay you $150 and an excursion. Very tempting but what鈥檚 the guarantee your return will go smoothly? ServiceLanguage is a bit of a barrier. The staff is all Spanish speaking and sometimes has no idea what you鈥檙e saying, but you can tell that they really wish they could understand in order to help. Keep in mind you are in a foreign country, so the question to ask is: Should they speak more English (to cater to the tourists), or should the tourists learn a little Spanish? (afterall we are the visitors). Overall the service was excellent, but a couple times we requested something and they never came back, or once they poured milk into our coffee instead of refilling it with coffee 飦?br/>If you want to, go ahead and tip, the locals earn next to nothing (in comparison to the guests) so it really does go a long way. You鈥檙e by no means felt like you have to, in order to get great service. If you need anything for your room, we found the easiest way is to ask your maid, she will hopefully understand you and help or direct you to a manager, who will help track down a maintenance guy, who will then get what you want down right away. (Trust me, way faster then calling the front desk 3 times and waiting).Restaurants:Yes, the A la Cartes are half empty and that鈥檚 probably because people just don鈥檛 bother to show up to their reservations (men can only wear trousers so some probably just skip the hassle of going back to their room and changing). Because of that, make sure to ask for a table exactly where you want to sit. A big group of us showed up to an a la carte and they placed us by the washrooms, when the nice middle section was completely empty. We complained and got moved to a better section.PoolsCan get a little crowded there. Dem der also coulda had used more activities by 鈥榚m. :PExcursionsWe took a snorkeling excursion and, well, let鈥檚 just say you get what you pay for. It cost $25 and they drop you off at a little reef in the middle of the ocean with no instructions or anything (no food, booze, hot chicks) not even a headcount at the end). It was pretty much a gong show and although I did see some cool fish, I would have rather skipped the whole thing. Some people who have never snorkeled before didn鈥檛 even leave the boat and I don鈥檛 blame them. I went back to the boat and put on a life jacket because the waves were so big and the boat kept drifting away! There are other excursions but we skipped them to hang out at the beach instead. There鈥檚 really not much to see in Punta Cana (shopping malls, tourist traps etc) other than the resorts themselves.Would I recommend Bahia Principe? Absolutely! This holiday made plenty of memories to last a life time.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>drdkc
<Content>All that Glitters is Not Gold!! First of all, let me say that I am an avid Tripadvisor user and for the most part, in spite of the fact that people can complain about things that are not that important to me, usually the overall feeling about a place is captured when you look at what people are saying repeatedly. The mixed reviewers in my book were pretty much on target and I really should have listened and stayed somewhere else! Things that are important to me are food, service, and ambience. The food at this resort is not very good at all. We could always find something to eat, such as fresh fruit, bread yogurt etc. but for $600 a day for a family of four, you don't want to have to scrounge around for something that is palatable. We never sat down and said, Yum. When we sat down for lunch or dinner, we were done with our meal often before someone brought us our drinks. Service here was far from stellar. There was never anyone down at the beach asking if you would like something to drink like at other all inclusives we have been to. This place definitely is HUGE and deep, so it kind of felt like a development, with a beach at the end. Really hard to describe the feeling unless you experienced it. Another PET PEEVE.... you had to pay $28.00 a day!!! to use the spa which is a sauna, steam, some showers and cold whirlpools. That can really add up for a family of 4. The gym is very small ( 3 treadmills, 1 eliptical, 1 rower and some weights) for a resort of 3000 or so people. My son (17) really likes to go to the gym on vacation, because like many 17 years olds, he gets bored easily and the word relax is not often in his vocabulary. Which brings me to another point. The place is so HUGE you rarely see the same face more than twice. They do not do a good job in bringing people together, so if you have teens, there is no program where they can meet each other. There is no teen disco or teen night. This resort is geared more for older singles who like to consume copious amounts of alcohol and party till the wee hours and then go around singing and waking people up at 4 in the morning. (no joke, that happened to us 2 nights in a row) The resort is also probably more tolerable for families with small children who have to watch their kids... and better to watch them in a pool then running around the house up north in February. Also, kids can eat hot dogs, chicken fingers and french fries (one of the only consistently good things at the buffet..LOL) and think they are in Disney World. Also kids like to get on and off trolleys and believe me, you are doing that all the time. Forget this place if your back hurts, or have foot problems or don't like to walk in the heat. Its nice to get some exercise when you are on vacation, escpecially if you need to walk off your wonderful meals, but if this is not the case, then this HUGE resort can get sooo tedious. Also there are no elevators so if you are infirm, you are stuck between a rock and a hard place, because the upper floors are the better rooms, less humid and probably less buggy, but you have to walk up three flights of stairs to your room. This place is about quantity, not quality. If you are from Europe, and you are not in any of the categories that I mentioned that would have a problem with this type of place, and your Euro goes really far here, this place might make you happy. But for us, we would never come back here again. The DR in itself, as other reviewers have mentioned is a place where your resort is everything because you don't go outside the resort. So when you enter into paradise it had better meet your expectations otherwise you feel like you are at summer camp when all you want to do is go home, no matter how nice the weather. The rooms were fine, our maid was lovely and kept our room clean. The front desk was helpful when called upon and the resort itself is kept very clean. It's funny, because the place is clean and somewhat new, it takes more than your first impressions to realize that all that glitters certainly is NOT Gold at this resort.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Brenda-Lee-Alberta
<Content>Beauty is in the eye of the beholder!       water is great but rough  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>bearaaron
<Content>Couldn't of ask for a better place!! We fell in love with this resort for many reasons. If you are traveling without children, DEFINETELY upgrade to the Ambar section for adults only, it is well worth it. We planned our trip away from U.S. spring break purposefully however, Canada's spring break was the week we were there so lots of kids. The resort is huge with several different sections for use by Ambar guests. Shuttles run about every 5 minutes that take you to the different sections, very convenient! The grounds and rooms are immaculately kept. Reservations are hard to come by for the restaurants but we felt the dinner buffet was better anyway. We are avid cruisers and the food does not meet cruising standard but there was a huge variety of food for all tastes. We read lots of reviews before we went and we were concerned about the food but had no problem at all finding things we all liked. The snack bar beach buffet on the Ambar side is much better than the other snack bars so locate it first. We found it on the last day!! The bartenders are very generous with the drinks and very friendly. I don't drink beer so I was a little concerned about finding something I would like but the variety is huge. They even have champagne at every bar we visited!! They will put as much or as little alcohol in mixed drinks as you want. We tipped a dollar each time we ordered a round and I think this helped. The last day we found the staff members that had been especially helpful and gave them each five bucks, they were thrilled. Topless women abound at the beach but not typically at the pool area. The beach is very nice, they clean it up every morning, even rake the seaweed. My advice is get up early and reserve a spot, my first morning I got to the beach at 8 am and alot of the prime spots were taken. The few complaints we did have included: no beach waiters so sit close to the bars if you are a drinker and, some communication difficulties with the staff ( but they would have to speak at least 6 languages fluently , we heard everything from French to German!) Overall a great vacation and would definetely recommend this resort- by the way we saw several other resorts on our shuttle to and from the airport and this was by far the prettiest one. LisaDallas, Texas  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tatnjoe
<Content>Loved it!!!       The pathway from the lobby to our villa, love the plants!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>pappajoe
<Content>Fantastic.....I want to go back!!! Let me first start off by saying WOW!!This resort was beautiful.Check In:As soon as our group arrived we were given our bracelets and rooms on the bus. We were given a welcome drink upon arrival at the resort and bellboy took our luggage to our rooms. They offered us and another group 2,4,6,8,10 day stay at a different resort but we politely declined and our vacation started.Room:The room was clean and always done for us by noon everyday. Towel art everyday and spotless! The only issue was we had a ground floor room (Villa 9) and there were issues with bugs...no big deal as we took care of them as we saw them. Did have a visit from a small gecko one morning in our room and it was an adventure getting it out as we did not want to harm it. Place a towel by the door and it takes care of it.Food:As stated in other reviews book your A La Cartes when you arrive as it books up fast.Buffet...plenty of choices for breakfast, lunch and dinner with different theme nights for dinner. I am a picky eater and had no problem finding something...I never left hungry! Ask for waiters Francis or Eliezer as these two guys are amazing!A La Cartes and how we rated them:#1 Cafe De Paris/Le Gourmet. Very good food and service. We went here twice. Celebrated my wife's 40th birthday here! #2 Garden Grill. Portions are very big and great. Service good!#3 Italian. Kids loved the pizza, we had steak and lobster. Service good.#4 Mexican. Good fajitas and service was ok.#5 Steakhouse. We did not enjoy this restaurant as the portions and service were very poor. We actually went back to the main buffet to top up!Beach: One word...amazing! White sand and clear water. We spent a few afternoons on the beach and never had problems finding beach chairs.Pools: We spent most of our time at the Punta Cana pool. Quiet with some activities. No problem getting chairs. The pool by the beach does get pretty crowded and there are alot of activities happening there. If you want action, the pool by the beach is the place to be. If you want something more peaceful try the other pools!Entertainment:Everynight a different show. The Michael Jackson show is the best. Animation team do a pre-show to warm up the crowd.Overall:I would definitley recommend this resort to anyone. It is big and it takes about a couple of hours to get your bearings as to where everything is. Tram service is great. If you walk it takes about 5-7 minutes to get from Lobby to the beach.One recommendation:Buy the In-Room Safe! We had an incident where $50 dollars was taken from our room. We reported it to front desk and a report was filed and security investigated by tracking key card activity in our room. It didn't ruin our vacation but lesson learned by us.Already planning our next vacation!!! Pappajoe!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Vraifrancais
<Content>Guard Your Belongings!! We spent two weeks Feb 3--17 at this resort. We booked first week with our two daughters and their families at Golden, second week at Ambar. We paid for the entire family as a gift to them--over $20K in total.Things got nasty two hours after arrival when we were attempting to get our room in the same building as the rest of our family. (We had specifically asked for this well in advance of our trip there)While in the Golden Concierge office arranging the room switch, my purse was snatched from a table right beside me! Both passports, all my personal ID, credit cards, and a large sum of cash------GONE !! What a frightening situation for us.At first, neither the Hotel Concierges nor our tour representative(Apple Tours) believed us. We were quickly brushed off with comments like Your fault, not ours, the Hotel never has this problem, plus You should not expect any help from us, etc, etc.It was like they just wanted us to go away!!It took two days to get someone's attention---after considerable pleading, the next day we were assigned a Concierge to help us.The Hotel finally helped us get to a Policia Nationale station to make a report, and arranged to get us to the Canadian Embassy in Santo Domingo to get temporary passports, otherwise we would not have been able to leave the country!! Just the trip to Santo Domingo required one entire day because it's 4 hours away!!By the 5th day of our vacation, we managed to get the temporary passports, have money wired to us, etc, so almost half of or vacation was ruined making all these arrangements.The final week at Ambar wasn't without its problems either! (Seems like we were jinxed!)When we transferred to our Ambar suite, the patio door couldn't be opened or closed because it was broken; the air conditioner didn't work because it is linked electrically with the patio door, the safe was broken and had to be taken apart to be repaired; and last but not least, one evening some pipes burst in the bathroom ceiling and there was an incredible flood. (We had to wait until thaty midnight while the ceiling was being dismantled and pipes were fixed!!So our vacation turned out to be just one disaster after another!We did learn, however, that this Hotel and most others have a serious theft problem, but they don't make it known and won't admit it when it happens---and we learned from a good many others who had things stolen---cameras, Ipods, clothing, money, etc. The airport is apparently particularly bad because baggage handling is quite hapahazard, and it's not uncommon to learn that baggage has been opened either on arrival or on departure.Other than a systemic problem with theft, and the issues we had with ours, the resort has its good and bad points just like other similar resorts.Grounds, beach, and pools are well kept, restaurants are quite nice, rooms are accommodatiing, and many staff really do make an effort to provide good service. There is an abundent food choice, and the food is reasonably good in most restaurants.On the downside, this resort is huge, and with about 6000 guests on site at any given time, lineups and crowding are typical situations.Getting a shady spot at pools or at the beach can be challenging because people reserve them early. We actually witnessed a few heated confrontations over shady spots!All in all, the sheer size of this resort is, in our opinion, its weakest point. We liken it to what we call Mass produced vacationism.If you don't mind the crowds, lineups, and lack of quiet/privacy, and just nice weather and sun is your thing, go for it.That said, if you are looking for a safe and relaxing vacation, with a more personal and intimate environment, this kind of resort isn't for you!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	2	3	4	3	

<Author>BBreton
<Content>Beautiful but disappointing overall Just spent a week there and I am coming back thinking that one week was definitely enough. Let's start with was is great with the Bahia Principe. This is a big resort with nearly 2000 rooms in total and spread over a very large area (which for some is not a positive) with beautiful gardens, architecture, bars (particular the one in the Ambar section), pools and beach and probably 20 restaurants in total (I did not actually count them but for sure there is a lot of restaurants). It is worth noting that the resort is actually multiple resorts. Book at the Ambar if you are going there as a couple as it is for adults only and it offers slightly more upscale buffet.Now with the less than positive: the food is really not outstanding. While there is grat diversity with the restaurants, in reality there is little since most of the food taste the same. Actually, the a-la-carte restaurants are just not good for most. Secondly, the service in the restaurants and at the hotel in general is pretty bad. Finally, there is little do to outside of the resort (which is true for all of th resorts in Punta Cana and not something related to this resort). Finally, the rooms are very humid. I suspect this is due to the limited exchange of air in the rooms but the rooms (actually, the bed) smell rotten as a result. This is rather unpleasant. If you go there during the warmer months were air-conditioning is used more heavily, this problem is less likely to be as bad as it was for us. Also, try select an upper-floor room which is inherently be dryer.Therefore, if you like good food in your vacation, avoid this hotel.If you like to relax, spent time at the bars or you are with kids or do not care about food or service, this is a good option.As for us, we will definitely not go back.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>ZoeyInOttawa
<Content>Fantastic but Beware of the Mosquitoes We traveled to this resort from 9-17 February 2008 and absolutely loved it. We want to go back next year for 2 weeks. Hope this review helps you make your decision.Resort: The resort is basically 3 hotel-resorts in 1. There鈥檚 the BP Ambar on the left which is adults only and then there鈥檚 2 exact resorts which are mirror images of themselves: the BP Bavaro and the BP Punta Cana to the right of the Ambar. The resort compound is huge and you can walk freely between the 3 resorts. There鈥檚 also a trolley that takes you from the reception of each of the 3 hotel to the beach and back. It鈥檚 about a 10 min. walk from either reception lobby to the beach. The grounds are maintained beautifully.Beach: The beach is stunning. We loved the fact that it was really wide and long with lots of mature palm trees on the beach and lots of palapas (the huts for shading). There are enough palapas to go around that you don鈥檛 have to play cut-throat and leave your towel at night to reserve one. We would get to the beach around 8-10am and there were always available palapas to choose from.Food: The food was amazing. We both put on 5 lbs during our 1-week stay and that鈥檚 despite being active (we ran/walked 40 km during the week!). Each hotel resort has it鈥檚 own buffet restaurant so you are not over crowded at the restaurant. Every night is a different food theme and there are many types of meat, fish, vegetables and starches to choose from. The salad, cold-cuts and cheese table is very good with fresh produce to choose from. They even had sushi rolls on a few evenings and it was delicious! (watch out for the wasabi鈥?it is very spicy!). You can also make up to 3 reservations at the a la carte restaurants. Because it鈥檚 such a huge complex, you have about 10 restaurants to choose from. We went to the seafood restaurant 鈥淓l Pescador鈥?(lobster is extra if you want it 鈥?20$ US) which was good, the French restaurant 鈥淟e Gourmet鈥?which was outstanding (best fillet mignon with 5 pepper sauce I ever had!) and the Japanese restaurant 鈥淢aiko鈥?which was really good and an enjoyable culinary experience as the chef cooks the food in front of you on the hot plate. The nice thing about the a la carte restaurants is that you don鈥檛 have to stand in line everyday to reserve it鈥?you can make all your reservations (all 3 of them) at one time so you are done for the week.Service: We found the service to be very good. We typically left $1 US to the maid every day on the pillow, $1 US at the buffet restaurants (at breakfast, lunch and dinner), and on those nights that we went to the a la carte, we left $5 US. We also always had courteous and speedy service at the numerous bars on the resorts.Accommodations: We stayed in villa 28 and it was beautiful. The room was always well cleaned and turned over by the maid who left us daily works of art made out of towels. The room was well ventilated and there was not that typical 鈥渉umid smell鈥?you often experience in rooms when you travel to the Caribbean. Granite bathroom counter tops and a whirlpool bathtub completed the ensuite.Entertainment: We can鈥檛 really comment as we did not partake in the beach activities nor attend the evening shows. The nice thing is though, the animation crew doesn鈥檛 come and bug people on the beach to participate in their activities.Mosquitoes: Beware, there are lots of mosquitoes in the evening! Punta Cana is also identified as a location prone to Malaria so make sure you get your shots before you leave鈥? We didn鈥檛 and are hoping we didn鈥檛 get infected by those damn stingers!Miscellaneous: There is construction going on at the far end of the resort behind the Ambar. The cost of the safe is $30 US for the week and reading other reviews, it is highly recommended that you get it. We didn鈥檛 have any incidents with stolen articles. There鈥檚 an internet caf茅 in the 鈥淧ueblo Principe鈥?where you鈥檒l get 60 minutes for $12 US (good for 5 days and expires at noon on the 5th day.). The resort is overbooked (but we didn鈥檛 have issues) and they are promoting other BP resorts in La Samana area (the Cayo Levantado and the Cayacoa). They say they will give $200 US per room per night for people who will agree to leave Punta Cana and go try their other resorts.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rajan87
<Content>loved it.....       tram  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>wishIwasback
<Content>wish I was back We were at the resort from 2/9/08 - 2/16/08. There were four adults and one child. First of all Punta Cana is a beautiful place very plush and green with flowers every where. The resort was clean and the rooms and grounds were wonderful. The food was ok. We did get tired of the buffet food and would have preferred more choices for places to eat. For the most part the people working at the resort were friendly and helpful. We ran into a couple that were rude but that as the minority. As the resort is so large it took us a couple of days to figure it all out. We stayed in #5 which was a great location - short walk to large pool, beach , El Pescador restaurant, and shuttle bus.It was a little confusing at first because the shuttle bus that brought us to our room with our luggage was not the shuttle we used during the rest of the week. That shuttle you pick up by the Tropicana Theatre on the other side of the lobby. Once we figured that out it was easy and the shuttles ran continiously. A couple of other tips, bring lots of $1.00 bills for tips for maids, bartenders, etc. Also we learned the El Pescador and El charro restaurants serve a buffet breakfast and lunch - they are located right in front of large pool/beach. It turned out to be much easier to not always have to go the buffets by lobby. Also the snack areas by large pools is also a good stop of lunch. Bring your own lotion as the hotel does not provide. We had shampoo and shower gel but no lotions. We also went to the two pools in the ctr of compex for a change. If you go to the large pool we found it easier to go to the right when you came to pool - that end is a little quieter, has a shallow end for little kids, plus a swim up bar and they also serve you drinks at you chairs there. The exit to the beach is also right there. We would take our beach towels and save chairs on the way to breakfast and then have good places (in the shade) for as much of the day as we wanted. The rum is very good. Sorry we didn't buy some to bring home. Thought we would pick it up at airport but it turned out to be $5.00 higher then hotel. All in all we had a great week. The weather was perfect every day. They do have showers (3 nights) for maybe an hour or so. But every day was sunny and warm.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>wylandfan
<Content>Rough Start.....Good Finish! My good friend and I decided to travel to the DR from the east and west coasts in the US for a birthday/girls weekend. After tons of research we landed on the Gran Bahia and were very excited about our vacation. A few days prior to our departure my friend emailed the hotel for a confirmation in which they did validate our stay. Upon arrival (after almost 17 hours of travel for my friend), we were told the hotel overbooked and we were going to be spending our first night at a neighboring resort. Then the next afternoon we are supposed to pack back up, leave the new resort right in the middle of afternoon sun activities and travel back to the Gran Bahia to re-check in for the last 2 nights of our stay. This was all VERY frustrating since we were only staying for a short vacation. We tried staying at the new hotel, The Majestic, for the remainder of the weekend but they wouldn't allow us. We weren't the only guests this happened to. A handfull of couples had to interupt their stays as well due to this incredible inconvenience. For our compensation they gave us $150 per room, a small bottle of rum and 2 tshirts. Through all of the headache we were lucky enough to befriend a wonderfull couple from South Carolina who helped us prove that misery truly does love company. Once we returned back to the Gran Bahia to officially begin our relaxation we were upgraded to the Adults Only section of the resort and were treated very well. The room was beautiful and the maids took good care of us. The grounds were immaculate and the staff all very friendly. The drinks were a bit dissapointing and inconsistent. The food had it's good and bad moments. Breakfast buffetts were our favorites. The mexican restaurant had delicious margaritas and fantastic tortilla soup. For 2 girls who grew up in California its hard to please us when it comes to good mexican. Our last night we chose to try the Meditteranean restaurant which was a true dissapointment. Nothing resembled the theme whatsoever. My steak was good but other than that we wish we'd have chosen a different restaurant for our last evening. Overall, asside from them causing major headaches and unnecessary stress, we did enjoy our stay once we were able to put it all behind us and relax.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Agnes_Pierre
<Content>Amazing Beach We stayed at the Bahia Principe Bavaro from Feb. 8-15, 2008. To be honest, we were quite concerned about the negative reviews we read on tripadivsor.com and almost changed our destination. We're glad we didn't. The resort is absolutely beautiful! Perfectly manicured grounds, impeccably clean, large rooms with private balcony, fabulous pools but its best feature is, by far, the gorgeous, wide beach with white sand and plenty of lounge chairs and palapas. Upon arrival, we were upgraded to the Diamond Club (Villa 26). We were located relatively close to the beach, were entitled to four 脿 la carte dinners for the week and had maid service twice a day. All good perks.In general, we thought the food was very good. We enjoyed all four dinners at the restaurants. Our favourites were the French and Mediterrean. The quality, presentation and service were delightful. The buffet was terrific! Food was abundant, there were numerous choices (including a low fat menu) although I must agree that the food and coffee were not always piping hot. In our opinion, the wine was not very good but we were able to purchase respectable wines (i.e. Robert Mondavi) at a reasonable price.Other than the maids, the staff REALLY make an effort to please the guests. They are friendly, courteous and efficient. At the Diamond Club (not sure if it is available in all rooms) there is an Express Line where one can call with any request. Not only do they provide the service quickly, they also follow up with a phone call to make sure the guest's needs were met.Of course when compared to five star hotels in North America, it may appear as if the Bahia Principe falls a little short. But please bear in mind that the Dominican Republic is a developing country, yet in tourism it strives to be first rate. It provides one of the most exquisite beaches, warm weather and sunny skies. Make the best of it! Enjoy! Once the vacation is over, you may be back to frigid temperatures, like we are here in Montreal.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	4	2	

<Author>Zabka
<Content>Mostly great       buffet  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>nice8
<Content>was AWESOME!!!! Hello all. This was our first caribbean vacation.I was very nervous at first because we were travellin with our kids ages 11 and 4. Our room was nice and clean. Food was good except our 4 year old son was looking for chicken nuggets for the entire week. Service was friendly. Beach was awesome. Night shows were good. our kids enjoyed them more then we did. We also had a chance to go to thier island called Cayo leventado. i would definately recommend that island for people who are looking for quiet, beautiful and romantic gateaways. We allll loved that place. it was like a heaven on the earth. The only thing I didnt like was, people including the locals and the visitors, staring at my husband due to his long beard and turban. Please, he was just another guy who was trying to have fun with his family. People stared at him, called him bin laden.... for all you people who are plannin to go there, if you happen to see another beard guy with turban , please do not stare, let him enjoy his vacation. he is just another guy trying to have fun. other then that, it was all good. go ahead, have fun, enjoy, see the other parts of the world, thier cultures. oh yeah little bit of spanish lessons would also help. you have a safe and wonderful holidays. God bless you all. Adlos!!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>d_trip1
<Content>Dissapointing start! The hotel was overbooked and they moved us to another hotel for one night. which cut a large chunk of fun out of our 3 day vacation! We tried to talk to them about this but they really didnt seem to care. As mentioned by previous reviews, the management at this hotel is completely indifferent to whether their guests are being taken care of.When we came back, they upgraded us to the ambar section, and I'm not sure what that really got us, since it seemed that there was really nothing to prevent you from eating, drinking, or swimming wherever you wanted.Food was decent, breakfast was the best. I thought the hotel was very clean. Its definitely a large resort, but you can walk easily from one end to the other in about 5 minutes. The only need for the shuttle is if you are elderly, have kids, or need to get your suitcase to a lobby in another part of the resort.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Peter16
<Content>Great Time Stayed here from Feb 3-17 and had a great time. The staff was very friendly and helpful whenever we needed them for something. The Buffet was great.. lots of choices for breakfast lunch and dinner. Also the a la carte restaurants were fantastic .. really fancy dishes. If you are not into seafood then I would recommend the buffet especially when travelling with children.The grounds were kept very clean and the pool was huge and warm especially in the afternoon.The beach was also great.. pure white side and turquoise waters. I am used to the beaches in Cancun so I was not disappointed.I took advantage of the kayaks and catamaran everyday for 1 hour. The tennis courts and mini golf weren't in the best shape but we still had fun. Also with the ping pong tables there were times were the tables were free but there were no ping pong balls. So if you like ping pong maybe bring a ball just in case !!We travelled with our daughter who is 7 and she had a BLAST !!The nightly shows were also very well done especially the Lion King and Michael Jackson shows. There were always dance lessons or activities for the kids before the show started. We had a great vacation !!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>HOLA2008
<Content>"Hola" from Oakville       Having fun in the sky  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>keri-minnesota
<Content>AMAZING! We stayed here for a week, February 9th-16th. This resort is amazing! It is paradise!!!! It is huge, which we liked because we like to walk and the grounds where gorgeous and well maintained. They also have trolleys running all the time, so if you do not feel like walking you can jump on those. The rooms are beautiful, comfortable and spotless. The service all around the resort was excellent and the workers where very helpful and friendly.The food was awesome. The Ala Carte Restaurants where wonderful. We did not have a bad meal. The beach is very nice and clean. And the ocean was gorgeous. We where always able to find chairs even if we did not get down there until noon. The pools are very nice as well, and chairs where a little harder to find there, but you just needed to get there earlier in the morning.There is so many things to do at this resort. Tennis, beach and pool volleyball, soccer, basketball, mini golf, massages on the beach or in the spa, horseshoes and boogie boarding. There is also banana boat rides and parasailing for a extra cost. The entertainment staff has activities going on all day. There are different animals that you can get your pictures with...monkey, parrots, lizard, etc. There is a shopping area at the front of the resort. It has shopping, karaoke bar, disco, and casino. The lobby bar definitely had the best drinks. And the atmosphere was very fun and relaxing.Make sure to email you room requests and Ala Carte restaurant requests before you go on your trip. They are very good at accommodating these requests. Also, we found tipping the bartenders and maids is a good idea. And they are hard workers...they deserve it!I would return to this resort again and again! Enjoy your trip!!!!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>semery
<Content>Great Vacation       Beach at the Bahia Principe Bavaro  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>petechris
<Content>Almost Perfect!! My wife and I read all the reviews and talked to alot of people who had visited this resort before booking, needless to say we were very satisfied. The grounds were well maintained, the staff for the most part were excellent (more on that in a moment). The food was better than anticipated and our room was great.The only snag to the whole thing was when we booked in. Juan was the fellow who booked us in and explained most of what we needed to know, but also mislead us. By this I mean we were told we could go anywhere in the resort except for the Ambar area which we said okay. We were ataying in one of the Hacienda villas but did not have the correct bracelet, which we were told we could obtain for an extra 210 dollars.....NOT!!!Other than this everything was great. In every resort you take the good and the bad, this resort is a 5 star, perhaps on the low end of the 5 star but still a 5 star.Oh yeah, the beach is amazing!!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	5	1	

<Author>HockeyMom31
<Content>Great Time!!       Lobster at the Italian Restaurant  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cwmcin
<Content>Fabulous Trip! Going Back! I sit at my computer listening to my CD of music purchased at the Grand Bahia Principe Punta Cana after just having returned last night from a fabulous 2 week vacation in Punta Cana.Prior to leaving, we had read many many reviews about the hotel and being seasoned travellers had been a little leary about going to the Dominican. We had read good and bad about the size of the hotel, the food, the service etc. Well, we travelled with another couple - total 4 adults and 5 children. I must say, what a fabulous time we had!!!!!!! Our biggest choice of the day was what bathing suit to wear and where we would eat each night? How can you go wrong???As for the hotel, yes it is big, but please keep in mind that they have shuttle buses that go back and forth every 2 minutes and it really is fun riding on them! We stayed in building #2 closest to the beach and would go back and forth everyday. Also, think about it, if you are really not leaving the hotel to tour alot, you want to have a variety of choices and places to go. We found the size to be great and a lot of choices of areas to go to.The beach was one of the most beautiful we've been to. The sand is fabulous and we could swim out into the ocean and never touch a rock. Great for all the walkers too! Weather was fantastic - mucho caliente (very HOT), but we love hot.We have travelled with children (now 9 and 11) to Mexico (5 times), St. Lucia, Antigua, Barbadoes, Jamaica, and now the Dominican. We found it to be top notch. THE best beach since Negril in Jamaica. Our husbands got up early (7:00 a.m) and would go and find a spot on the beach or one by the pool - no problem. Even if you couldn't find a spot under a palapa, there are lots of palm trees to create shade. There is banana boats for fun and you can book the sailboats in advance also. There were bars at the beach as well as pool area (not that we drink that much alcohol) but an endless supply of soda and coco loco's - no alcoholThe entertainment in the evening was fantastic! Michael Jackson, The Lion King (our kids were actually in the show - with the kids club), and the Circus Show. Took every one in and was never disappointed with any. Kids stayed to the end of every one. As far as the food goes, I'm the FIRST one to get sick.....nothing. Many choices to take in. I truly must say the variety was fabulous and the buffet ended up being the favourite. Lots of variety from the salads to pasta, and the deserts are to die for.......... In the evening after dinner there is a fabulous main lobby to relax in and have a drink or coffee. They play music and we enjoyed it immensely.There is also a shopping market attached to the property to browse around in. Nothing above average, but just enough to get souvenirs, play pool, or try your luck at casino.Service we found was definitely above average. I know the hotel was overbooked but we managed to get a great room with no issues. There is always activities going on if you want to participate (aerobics, bingo, fun games, music).We took advantage of an excursion to Manati Park (terrific), swam with the dolphins, did some more shopping, saw a parrot show and a horse show). The kids and husbands did a resort scuba dive and loved it (first for the kids). We also took a glass bottom boat ride but didn't get to see many fish.After reading the bad reviews, I just don't get it. You have to understand the you are in a foreign country and on vacation I might add. Relax and enjoy the beauty of where you are. People who complain must really have had the misfortune of having a bad experience and it tainted their opinion of the hotel. We as a group can't find anything to complain about. If you enjoy being with other people, exercise a little patience if needed, there is not much to complain about when you're in paradise. We'll be going back next year for another fun filled vacation in the tropics.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>capoNYC
<Content>Gran Bahia Principe, Punta Cana The room was nice accept after the first day, we were left with 1/2 roll of toilet paper  no tissues, and she took away our pool towels  never gave them back. Which was ridiculous. There was a card in the room that said we would have bathrobes  towels for the pool  we would be charged if we kept them. (never had the robes  as I said before she never replaced the pool towels) We had to pay $36. for 8 days for using the room safe. We have been all over the Caribbean  Italy  never were we charged to use the safe. This should be a courtesy.The wine was lousy  I had a Pina Colada that was terrible for the caribbean. Also, the gym was so tiny (3 treadmills, 1 eliptical, 3 bikes  no room to walk between any of the weights  other machines). With all the money they make on the safes alone they can have a two story gym. Never got to ride the bikes, we were always told there were none left but only saw 2 on the property  we got there when it opened). The biggest problem was everytime the room was cleaned we went back to a room full of mosquitos. We would kill close to 30 a night before going to sleep. We had a ground floor room, maybe this is why. But they should spray the grounds. I would try another resort if we go back to Punta Cana. The airport was another nightmare, with long lines when leaving. They open bags and look in them then you got to immigration it's all a very long process.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>bestcvb
<Content>Terrible experience I would like to shear with all readers the Terrible experience we went through in this resort. We arrived to the Gran Bahia Principe Ambar section at approximately 1.30 AM on February 07/08. Unfortunately, we were not too impressed with the initial greeting that we received at this resort. We were told to go to the biding 鈥?Villa鈥?64 on the second floor and look for room 64206 and 64204 ( we were two couples and traveled together )To our big surprise only two doors on the floor had the number tug .....in order to found the right door we had to play a guessing game: trying 鈥渙ur door card鈥?in different doors ( At 1.30 AM ......).We were told that 鈥渂ecause we arrived so late 鈥?the restaurants are close..... and if we like to get something to eat, we will need to call and order room service. We called room service, ordered some food for 4 persons 鈥?and after waiting 2,5 hours the food finally arrived ....... The order was mixed up ! We received not the food we ordered .... But for 4 persons we received only one fork and one knife ......was late and we went to sleep. In the morning we started to unpack the luggage - another surprise: the safe was loose and not attached to the wall ....... I called to the express service: the answer was 鈥渨ait in five minutes the person will be to fix this problem鈥?鈥?this repair took to resolve all day long ! When I complained to the customer service they told 鈥?you did not had to wait in the room鈥?.....Next day after our day on the beach my wife told me that her make-up is missing. After double checking all our belongings, we went to the customer service desk and informed the clerk Victor about this incident. Victor told as not to worry and he will get back to us next morning..... Next morning and during all day 鈥?nobody contacted us! My wife went again to the customer service desk, this time she spoke to Erika. Erika specked to Victor and told to my wife that by next morning action will be taken and reported back to her...... The next day is over 鈥?no further responses! My wife was pretty really upset, went to the customer service and requested to speak to the manager of the customer service. The lady that called herself manager, told my wife that we need to fill-out a special report, go to the room with security guards 鈥?then she will resolve the problem..... We did all what she requested and next day she approached us in the lobby and told as that the investigation did not bring any results: they searched the locker of the cleaning lady and could not found any-thing...... ( after 3 days ......? ) She advised to proceed with our travel insurance....By this our poor experience was not over : next day TV stopped working 鈥?took two day to fix it ....One day after, when we wanted to get in to the room 鈥?the card did not open the door 鈥?we forced to walk to the lobby, wait in line for 45 min. ( there was a line of not happy gests ! ).Completely upset 鈥?I went to the manager of the customer service and told about all what happened 鈥?she promised to contact us in the morning (before our departure) 鈥?nobody did !I am disappointed with the customers are treated in a five star hotel and strongly would advise to stay away from Bahia Principe Ambar !  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Tripper93
<Content>A Wonderful Time Thank you for a wonderful, relaxing holiday. We were treated royally and our room was close to pool and the ocean. The food was excellent and presented so well. No complaints at all.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>llcoolal
<Content>Could work for you, depends on your expectation and perspective. Was going to write a whole long review here...but read b0neman_66 review, it's spot on and I agree on his points (right down to the comment on chasing down maids to get towels...I laughed reading this b/c it just happened to me and my g/f 3 days ago!).This is NOT a 4 or 5, so please do not put much weight into those reviews. It's a HUGE all-inclusive that caters to the masses. Service and food are below average...don't let anyone else tell you otherwise.If you're on a budget and actually like the whole all-inclusive thing, you might be fine with this place. Otherwise, rethink it and shop around. Personally, looking back I'd rather have spent some extra $$ and gone to Aruba, but we did get a nice beach, pools and sunshine out of the deal so I can't complain too much.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Maltesemom2
<Content>A very relaxing and stress free vacation       Beach shot  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ialwani
<Content>Great escape Everything was great- good service-clean-maybe they should try hard a bit for vegetarians by introducing tofu or soya dishes- also soya milk for those who are lactose intolerant- I only have complaint about travelocity who were useless in follow up after we came back suggest book directly-Expedia is equally bad-  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>mexitony
<Content>paradise       desert area at buffet  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>b0neman_66
<Content>Believe what you read - both Good and Bad Just got back from the Gran Bahia Principe (Feb. 2- 8) and here is the deal:In general:鈥?Problems: Most of the *problems* are a result of the resort being 鈥榦verbooked鈥? This is pretty inexcusable and due to either incompetence or greed on the part of the resort. We were traveling with two other parties and had made reservations/requests 9 months ago to have our rooms together (two families with toddlers and their grandmother). We were able to get in the same building, but on different floors. Out of 1,700 rooms, we could NOT get 3 rooms together despite several requests and greasing the front desk clerk $10. In fact, while we were there they were offering people $200 a day and/or free excursions for guests who were willing to relocate to another resort. I鈥檓 not sure how the other resort(s) compare to this one as we did not want to chance moving all three parties. The sense that I got was that most of the staff try to be friendly and helpful but they are just so overwhelmed that many/most requests just fall through the cracks. Whenever we needed something (cribs for the babies, bell hops for luggage, more water or beer for the room etc.) we generally had to ask 3-4 different people and even then it was 50/50 whether or not you鈥檇 get it.鈥?Layout: The place is huge and somewhat confusing due to its 鈥榯win鈥?layout. The Gran Bahia Principe has a 鈥淏avaro鈥?side and a 鈥淧unta Cana鈥?side which mirror each other and have separate lobbies, restaurants etc. In addition, they鈥檝e recently added an adults-only section called 鈥淎mbar鈥?which further confuses the newly arrived. We checked in on the Punta Cana side but due to overbooking, were placed in a building on the 鈥淏avaro鈥?side. No big deal as far as I can tell, the location was actually very close to the beach 鈥?it just took us a couple of days to figure out the whole layout.鈥?Getting around: The resort is organized with the lobby/main buffet on one end and the beach/main pool on the other end. There are trolleys (mini trucks with passenger trailers in tow) that operate throughout the day, but you can walk the entire distance in about 10-15 minutes.Pros鈥?As most people have said, the grounds are extremely well kept and clean. To the point that you can鈥檛 help but wish that they would spend less on the grounds crew and more on things like guest services staff etc.鈥?The beach and pool areas are very nice. Getting chairs/towels is no problem, although if you are traveling with children and want key areas with shade you need to get out there by 8 or so and reserve some chairs.鈥?The staff, while overwhelmed, is mostly very friendly. Yes there is a language barrier and you should brush up on your Spanish, but generally they are friendly (especially the buffet staff with children 鈥?they were super nice to our toddlers).鈥?The weather. Let鈥檚 face it 鈥?you鈥檙e going there for sun and warmth and that鈥檚 what you鈥檙e going to get. Even the couple of days where it rained, it鈥檚 usually just a short rain shower (or several) and then back to blue skies. During our stay it was in the low 80鈥檚 during the day and low 70鈥檚 at night.鈥?Alcohol. Generally you didn鈥檛 have to wait long to get a drink pretty much everywhere. There are bars in the lobby, a couple by the pool, at the pool snack bar and in the theatre if there is an event going on there. You can also get alcoholic drinks in the main buffet. The busiest bar seems to be pool bar, and often it was quicker to duck into the one in the snack bar close by.鈥?The lobby. The lobby is huge and a great place to hang out before or after meals or just to have coffee or a drink at night.Cons鈥?Buffet. As many have noted, the food is really not that good. The main buffet is in the lobby and has pretty much the same thing for breakfast and lunch and a different theme every night for dinner. There is a pretty wide selection and you can *generally* find something to fill you up, but you won鈥檛 find yourself looking forward to meal times. You鈥檒l find that breakfast is your favorite meal as it鈥檚 hard to screw up an omelet or a bowl of cereal or a pancake etc. Many people go to the snack bar near the pool/beach for lunch, which is also a buffet and has the same mediocre stuff every day (chicken, French fries, hot dogs, hamburgers, cold cuts, small pasta bar and some fruit). I felt guilty for letting so much food go to waste, but you have to get/try about 10 things to find the one or two that are actually edible.鈥?Ala Carte Restaurants. Scheduling your 3 meals at the ala carte restaurants is a nightmare. From the minute the guest services office is open it is swamped with people trying to make a reservation. You鈥檒l most likely not get to eat at the time you want or at the restaurants that you want, which is unfortunate as the food in the two restaurants that we were able to get into (Italian and French) were much better than the buffet. Certainly not the same as 鈥榝ine dining鈥?in the States, but pretty good. 鈥?Noise. If you have a toddler that requires a nap, try not to get a room on the ground floor. The maids always come in the afternoon and are very noisy 鈥?yelling at each other and perpetually moving furniture around in the rooms above you. Asking them to try to be quiet or to come back later will not get you very far. In addition, you鈥檒l hear the trolleys, vans and scooters outside of your room for the better part of the day and night.鈥?Maid service. Traveling with two other parties it was interesting to see the difference in maid service. We left money out ($2-$5) every day and would occasionally ask for extra water or more beer for the mini bar in the room. Generally we didn鈥檛 find much of a correlation between leaving a tip and getting any special treatment. Usually we wouldn鈥檛 get what we requested and one day we came home to find that the maid had taken all of our old towels (which we had left hanging which means 鈥榙on鈥檛 take鈥? and had not left us any new ones. After asking 2-3 times for some towels I had to locate a maid cart and 鈥榖orrow鈥?some myself. My sister and brother in law on the other hand were getting extra beer and water, bubble baths drawn with flower petals, balloons in the room etc. In sum, it really comes down to who you get for a maid and how much they want to take care of you.Helpful Hints鈥?Bring an insulated mug! This tip absolutely saved my vacation. Otherwise, all your drinks (alcoholic or otherwise) come in thimble size plastic cups which you can drink while you鈥檙e waiting for your NEXT drink. It will also keep your drink cold while you hang on the beach or by the pool.鈥?Ask for the room safe when you check in (about $25 for the week). We were not asked if we wanted one when we checked in and had to go back the next day and wait in the considerable check-in line to get one. It is simple to use and good peace of mind for your valuables.鈥?Bring $25-$50 in singles for tips for waiters, bartenders and maids. They are generally not expected and won鈥檛 get you much if any special treatment, but they are appreciated.鈥?Spend time early on to walk the entire complex and figure out the layout. This will make the rest of your stay more enjoyable.鈥?Watch out for the airport vultures. They will accost you as you鈥檙e leaving the airport and insist on carrying your luggage, even though your trip representative (VIP or whoever) is waiting just a few steps away from them. Feel free to use them if you have a lot of luggage and need a hand, but mostly they are just trying to extort some coin from you.鈥?Similarly, if you don鈥檛 like being hounded watch out for the vendors on the inside of the 鈥榲illage square鈥? There is a group of shops on the outside of the square with mostly fixed priced goods, but all the goods sold by the individual vendors on the inside can be had for 30-50% of the asking price.* As many have suggested, bring an old gift card and anything you don't care about with a magnetic strip - otherwise you have to leave one of your room keys in the room to operate the electricity while you are out.ConclusionIf you鈥檙e not high maintenance and are really there to enjoy the sun, water and booze you will have a good time. If you get hung up on the little to no-so-little things then this shouldn鈥檛 be your first choice as it鈥檚 a bit of a 鈥榗attle car鈥?  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>jnll_11
<Content>Fantastic Resort Just got back from the Bahia Principe Punta Cana and to sum it up in a word it was Fantastic. My wife and I got spooked by some of the negative reviews but we were so pleasantly surprised when we got there. We were a group of 9 people, 5 adults and 4 kids and all of us had a great time. Overall the resort was great, we would definitely go back. Some of the down sides to keep in mind are that this is a large resort so it takes time to get to see everything, if you prefer smaller, more intimate places on the beach this is not the place for you. Our room was a bit humid/damp and when I asked to change to another room they accommodated me the same day and it was better. There are mosquitoes so remember to bring the bug spray for everyone. Here is a quick recap of our experience there:Resort 鈥?5 Star 鈥?The grounds are incredible, lush, tropical landscape that is professionally designed and maintained. The resort is very large but it has more that enough room and facilities for everyone, a grand lobby, 6 huge pools that are great for kids, it鈥檚 spotless and the service is friendly.Food 鈥?5 Star 鈥?The buffets are large, fresh, kid friendly with lots of variety. The a la carte restaurants are great; my favorite was the Italian because of the antipasto and the lobster.Beach 鈥?Beautiful for miles, the water is a bit rough for small kids so we put their life jackets on, no problems. Weather 鈥?Incredible, 28 everyday with 10 minutes of rain on 3 of the 7 nights. There is a constant breeze that keeps you cool.Hope you enjoy your stay there as much as we did!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ed_heat_seeker
<Content>Thanks Gran Bahia Just got back from the Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana. We were part of a large wedding, and we were part of the Club Golden package. With having read recent poor reviews of the Gran Bahia, my wife and I thought we should come to the defense of this awesome resort. The rooms, the grounds, and the facilities are immaculate and clean. We were very pleased not only with the a la carte restaurants, but the buffets as well. But above all, the staff made our stay truly memorable. They were friendly and willing to go the extra mile to make our stay enjoyable. On our first day, we found the safe was inoperable. A technician was at our room within 10 minutes of our phone call being placed and fixed it within minutes. Great service.While we were there, we did see some folks upset about the smallest thing. The poor staff were shouted at and verbally abused. Please people, relax, you are not in your home country, things may not go as well as things back home, but your stay will be better if you relax.An example, we overheard staff getting reamed out from the smell from the storm drainage area (aka swamp). My gawd people, you are in the tropics. Relax!Our favourite a la carte was the Mediterranean, with a close 2nd the Brazilian.This is a very large resort, so if you want quaint and private this is not the resort for you. On the other hand the size offers, great restaurant selection, many pools, a large beach area, and lots of choices.The Dominican people are wonderful, friendly and obviously enjoy there work. Their pride shined thru!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LouPotato
<Content>Well Run and Beautiful       Waiing for the Bahia beach shuttle  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>lianavacca
<Content>Stole my camera!!!!!!!!!!! This was an awful experience staying at this hotel. The first day there and they stole my camera inside my room, Seeing that the safe was not ready for 24 hours, they asked us to come back in the morning for the safe. in the morning left my camera to go and register the key and wow went back to the room the cleaning lady had already folded all our clothes neatly and room was clean however the camera was gone but the battery was still being recharged. It was a canon digital camera made a complain and it took them 7 days to answer me back sayign that it is not their fault.Whatever!!!!!!!!!!!! if you do not want to get your stuff looked through or stolen don't stay at this resort. the service was awful the dinner was never ready the restaurants are always booked in 7 days couldn't get anything else except chinese 1 night. pillows in the room are so skinny asked for more pillows got them the 2nd day because my husband went to pick them up...kids club they do the same dance over and over that week, my firend stayed 2 weeks and they repeated the same dance and activity for the kids even the kids thought it was boring the Kids club....In total words for the price you could get better elsewhere. Very disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>westond
<Content>Loved every minute at the Gran Bahia Principe in Bavaro After reading some good and bad reviews we had an absolutely fantastic time - no complaints whatsoever. I think some people complain just for the sake ot it. We were greeted by Adreina from Customer Services whom I had contacted before we arrived as I wanted to have some flowers placed in a room for some friends who were arriving before us. Adreina was wonderful. We had a fantastic room overlooking the Diamond Pool. The food at the hotel was brilliant - so much variation. The hotel is kept spotlessly clean by staff who work very hard round the clock. The entertainment is okay, not brilliant, but you can't have everything. We would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone and we will definitely be going back.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Moonbeam720
<Content>Five-Star Resort is Lovely, Large, and Immaculate鈥ould Stay Here Again       The Bed  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Charliemanitoba
<Content>Fun in the sun Beautiful resort ,very friendly people ,very clean ,excellent food , lots to drink . the beach was wonderful lots of people , but that is what makes it fun ,entertainment all around you!!! You never knew what you where going to see !!!We where there for are daughters wedding and could not of ask for better service , they bent over backwards for us to make sure everything was good . One person wrote about tips we never had any trouble with the servers wanting tips , we where courteous and always gave them one for they do work hard for there $$. I do recall being in Toronto before we left and in the restaurant the waiter chased one of the girls out wanting to know why she did not leave a tip ???? Maybe the service was poor ??All in all i would go back to this place like i said very beautiful a 5 star in my eyes ,  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Elwoofer
<Content>I've read previous reviews...and realize people love to complain Feb 12...we just got back from our trip to this great resort. I did not do any research prior to booking. My wife, 20 month child and I surprised my twin sister, her husband and 5 year-old son. They had done all the research and booked at this resort...we decided to join them.Soon after I had booked our trip, I started looking at reviews on the resort. I must admit, most were positive, and some were negative. I was going there with a balanced but mixed views of the resort. I'm glad I got to hear about the negative parts of the trip, cause when we got there, my wife and I chuckled about those negative reviews all week long. Some of the things people complained about; BUGS- well afterall it is a humid climate...perfect place for bugs. I wonder if these people have flies in their homes in the summer??? nothing here, a few small bugs here and there.SMELLS-garbage...you think that eventually they do have to pick up the garbage once in a while.....they are picked so frequently, you are bound to see someone picking garbage bags and putting them in these mini garbage trucks (you wouldn't even know its a garbage truck)....this place is so big and you are there all week long, you are bound to see/smell someone pick up garbage eventually...its all math....bet you that if you stay at your yard all week you will eventually smell a garbage truck come your way.SMELLS-gas.....depending on where your room is on the resort, you will likely travel on the trolley....which....beleive it or not is powered by gas.....you will eventually get a few wiffs.....our perspective...just walk or go elsewhereNOISE-construction....there is construction going on the site next door......our room was right beside this activity....big deal....we spent most of day time at the beach or pool...and the constructon is during the day time....no big concern...we have a 20 month old that needs her naps in the day....this noise was not an issue. TIPS...people made a big deal about tipping vs not tipping.....no big deal hear, most of the time we tipped, a dollar here and there, it happened that we had no money on us.....no change in service....the staff is very friendly, and of you get off your royal throne and try to talk to them, you will be able to communicate with most of them. Helpfull to learn a few key wordsSIZE.....the resort is huge. I still have a hard time imaging the size and can't describe it well enough to give it justice.....let's just say if you want a romatic getaway in a solitude of a location....you might want to book elsewhere. This is a mix of a club med atmosphere, with a lot of people. The way the resort is set up is pretty smart, limits access to people to some parts of the resort, basically they are controlling the flow of people for the pools, and food services. Do to the size, we felt anonymous which we liked. The size is a compromise, the bigger the resort the more people but also the more activities available. We've been to smaller resorts, but you have fewer food and activity selections. FOOD.....we enjoyed the food, and were able to eat almost all our meals at the a la carte restaurants (French, Brazilian, Mexican, Japanese, etc)...they were all excellent. Go to the Guest Services daily around 2pm and you should be able to get into a restaurant. The first and last night we ate at the buffet....it was very good....if you can't find something to youe liking....stay home and cook yourself something that suites your own palette.CHAIRS.......never was an issue all trip long.....we could get chairs at the beach and pool all day long....we actually ended up having the same chairs at the beach all 7 days without leaving out towels back to reserve our spot. This is actually a non issue.......of course if you are still on your royal throne and want to have the chair right next to the bar...well you might be surprised that everybody else wants to be there. There was plenty of shade for all....the kids played all day long at the beach in the shade. Also a kids section to most pools.CLEANLINESS....this place is so clean, it's scary....there are people working all day long cleaning this place up...sometimes you wonder if they are cleaning just for show.....everywhere you turn, someone is cleaning, sweeping, waterpressuring, trimming trees, etc.SUMMARY: just relax, sit back, don't take things too seriously....please don't complain....my dad was in the travel business for several years...he always told me you can't please everybody, you can try, but you won't succeed....some people love to complain. If you feel you are a complaining type, well thank you for setting my expectations lower than they should have been, cause we had an excellent vacation...better than expected. We miss it already. This is a 5-star resort island style...not the Ritz Carleton.Gentleman, if you are reading this and your lady is the princess-type don't bring her here, the site is too big, you will never get the room you want, you will have to walk occasionally to the beach....go elsewhere and spend the bid bucks to please her. Fortunately, my wife and I enjoy the same type of trips, we're both quite easy to please......we've been on several cruises, Club Med, etc......just remember you're on vacation.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>nancys2935
<Content>Mixed feelings about Bahia Just returned from two weeks at Bahia Principe Bavaro Jan 27-Feb 10I read several reviews from TripAdvisor prior to booking. We stayed in the Diamond Club section of the resort, our room was located adjacent to the construction currently on site and we asked to be moved. We lived from our suitcases until our room was relocated 2 days later. We were welcomed into our new room with towel art, T-shirts, a bottle of rum and were very pleased. It was spacious and very clean. During the first few days we had encountered a bit of rain in the evening and after unpacking in our new room I left a pair of (expensive) white capri pants hanging in the bathroom to dry- adhering to the hotel policy of not placing any items on the railing outside. The capris disappeared the next day. I can only assume that the cleaning staff picked them up with the towels by mistake even though I placed all the dirty items in the tub. I reported this to the Diamond Club staff immediately but they did not seem alarmed by this occurrance and the pants were never located. I left a tip and asked for extra pillows- the tip disappeared but it was only when I saw a maid a few days later and asked again that I finally recieved a pillow. There were several different maids, no planned time that the room was cleaned and we were awoken early a few days, a maid knocking on the door, other days the room would not be cleaned until late in the afternoon. Late one night we were in bed when the maid knocked on our door delivering the beach towels .I accepted each day that something was missing- no face cloths for a few days, then minus a few bath towels, a bath robe, gel, shampoo. Two nights out of 14, we got the clean beach towels delivered to our room and turn down service with chocolates. On the good days I would leave a tip but that did not seem to encourage the service. It was a hit and miss most days. I would also recommend that you pay for the room safe as there were a few days that we arrived back to our room in the afteroon and the door was wide open as the maid was taking care of several rooms at once. The grounds are beautifully kept and immaculate. The food at the buffet had lots of selection but it was lukewarm, and the meat was often undercooked. The buffet is extremely busy but I felt rushed and often ignored -very poor service. We made use of the a la carte restaurants, found them to be run well and the waiters very friendly. Overall, from previous reviews I thought tipping would get you some extras but that is not necessarily the case. I suppose my expectations were a little high. Good and bad at this hotel, a little daunting with the size but after a few days you can find your way around without a problem. I would recommend that you upgrade to the Diamond or Gold Club, I would not want to risk the service being a 'regular'. Also, learning some basic Spanish would be helpful as there is little to no English spoken by the staff. I would still recommend this resort to others but beware of what service you will actually recieve and lower your expectations.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	4	2	4	

<Author>slfamilyiowa
<Content>Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana - Excellent! We just returned from a GREAT vacation at the Gran Bahia Principe, Punta Cana. (Feb 3 - 9) A group of 8 of us and we had a wonderful time. Weather was wonderful - mid 80's daytime, and mid to high 70's at night. The beach is awesome! The best sand I have ever seen. Lots of chairs at the beach and the pool. We never had a problem gathering enough chairs for our entire group and we did not reserve them in the early a.m. like some travelers do. If you are intersted in the catamaran, wind surfing, etc make your reservations early. You can't just go to the Beach Shack and ask to take out a catamaran as they are reserved ahead of time. Restaurants - The Ala Carte's are excellent. Make your reservations right away at Guest Services. We had the Japanese - our groups favorite, Italian (Veal was excellent, so was the Lobster), French Gourmet (Filet Mignon and the Lobster again very good), Garden Grill Steak House - was fine. Recommend the Tenderloin as it had good flavor and was thicker, other steaks were pretty thin. Loved the desserts at the restaurants. Don't be afraid to try more than one.Guest Services - they will help you with anything they can. We worked with Jean and he did an excellent job! He was always making sure we had what we needed and that we were having a wonderful vacation!Tropicana Theatre - We only went to one show. Michael Jackson - the group thought it was ok. We did not go to any of the other shows, although each night the seating was fullPueble Principe - Great square of shopping and entertainment. The Karaoke Bar was fun. It did depend on the crowd though as many languages of songs. Obviously it was better when people were singing in your own language. Great Bartenders - gave their own rendition of Tom Cruise in Cocktail! The House Band on the center stage was very good as well. We enjoyed just listening to them. There is a group of workers who perform and get audience members to dance. It was fun.Bars - all were good. We hung out in the Lobby Bar. Piano player during the evening, and waitresses. Fun and relaxing. The swim up bar was always nice. Try the Drink of the Day. Don't count on wait staff at the pool. Beach Bar - nice as well. Fun bartenders!Take a walk down the beach to the market. Lots of vendors selling their items. We were told pay between 30 - 50% of what their first price is. Lots of paintings!Fitness Center - We used it everyday. It does not open until 8:00 so it is really busy at 8:00 a.m. If you can wait until 9:00 or after it is not as busy. The equipment is old and worn, but you can make it work. There are 3 treadmills, 1 elliptical, 6 bikes, 2 row machines, and then a weight machines, benches, and free weights. We made it work, but it was not state of the art by any means. Could use some updating.Snack bar - This is a buffet service near the pool. We were hoping for a made to order type place. Mainly burgers, chicken, fries, make your own deli sandwich, fruit. It was fine, but by the end of the week we got tired of the same thing. The buffet in the main lobby is fine. If you stick to the made to order stuff (omelets in the a.m. and chicken, burgers at lunch) you were guaranteed it would be hot. Lots of great fruit. Buffets near the beach for lunch were only ok. Take the trip to the main lobby buffet for better food and service.Rooms are nice and big. Very clean. We asked for extra water and had no problems getting more. Room safe is $32 for the week. Bring a travel alarm clock, no clock in the room. No extra plug in either. If you are looking for a room with an ocean view, I am not sure that the Gran Bahia can meet those requests. All the rooms are further back from the beach. I don't think you could see the beach from any of the buildings. Only upgrade for the room services, restaurants, private pool. We did not upgrade at all. Not sure we would next time or not. Maybe to the new Amber area for adults only.Excursions - We did two excursions through VIP - onsite in the Tour Operator office. Bavaro Runner - excellent. Loved all the stops and Mimi and Orlando our guides did a great job. Mimi is extremely knowledgeable and very funny. We had a great day with them. I would recommend it as we learned so much about the area and the culture. Bring stuff to give the children along the way. I brought over 40 pencils and gave all of them out. Other gave candy, and the children asked for books. If you can bring any kind of toys, books, etc. the kids will love it and it will make a great excursion. We also did the Caribbean Festival. This was a catamaran ride out in the ocean. We stopped by a roped off area with docks to swim with the Nurse Sharks, and hold a Sting Ray. No personal photos of your holding the Sting Ray as they take one and want to sell it to you. You also go to another area roped off by the reef to snorkel. Water was clear and the maximum was about 12 feet deep. Entertainment on the Catamaran was fun too. Lots of dancing. Bar did not open thought until over half way done with the excursion. They also make a DVD which you can buy for $35 at the end. The DVD is not edited so it is all the footage shot and it is put to its own music, not the sound and music from the boat ride. Fine to do this once, but I would probably pass on this excursion next time.The hotel complex is large, but very easy to get around. The tram system takes you from one end to the other. They are always running so not much of a wait.Check out the sunrise on the beach! It is beautiful.There are lots of activities that the staff provides near the pool and the beach. There is not a schedule posted though that I could find so if you are interested in this check with Guest Services to see if they could give you a schedule. Otherwise, check around by the pool. The pool near the beach had many more activities then the smaller pool. Our group preferred the smaller pool as it was not as busy, less kids, and just as much fun at the swim up bar. Bring an insulated travel mug. It is much easier to keep your drinks cold. Have the bartender make your drink right in your mug. Wished we would have brought them. The sun is very hot, so bring lots of sunscreen. Apply often, we saw many sunburned people.Overall we had an excellent trip. We loved Punta Cana and would definitely go back. The flight from Minneapolis was long, but pretty smooth. If you fly Sun Country airlines ask about upgrading to first class for $99 per person. Well worth it!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>aawwaa
<Content>loved the pool and food the hotel was clean the pool and beach was beautiful the food was goodthe service was average the workers were not friendly, never smiled or said good morning first, if you didn't say it first, there is no greeting at all.the shows were average except for the micheal jackson show, that was a great show to watch, you will love it.the pool we stayed at was better than the other ones because the other pools were very crowdedover all this trip was above average  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	3	5	

<Author>julietravel
<Content>Top Notch Resort, food, shows, servive Beautiful resort. We checked in at the Golden Club area. There was (bartender) an open bar with snacks. We made sure to get the room safe and also to find out what all is included with the Golden Club Rooms. We had villa 22 (22112) a corner room with a beautiful view. Bananas growing right out our door, palm trees, flowers, etc. Two double beds in the room, nice sized bathroom with seperate area for the toilet. Plenty of closet space with shelves and a desk with 4 drawers that our girls used. Fresh fruit on the table in room and t-shirts for each of us from the resort. Another table with chairs on the lanai. Our maid stocked our fridge with our requested beverages, we had fresh pool towels every evening and turn down service. She decorated our room with balloons several times, towel art with fresh flowers, slippers, special toiletry items for our girls, candy, etc. Very attentive. They also have rules (in their passport book) about not hanging clothes/towels on the lanai, being quiet at night, etc. which was really nice. Everyone there had mannerly bahavior - no drunks or loud guests. You get what you pay for. The food was wonderful. Not too spicy or sweet. So much on the buffets and beautifully displayed, ice sculptures, carved (artistic)melons, all kinds of entrees, fruits, desserts, etc. The ala carte restaurants were all fantastic. From the atmosphere, service, menu, plate display, and entertainment. We also ordered room service after the nightly shows (45-60 minute wait) and the food was good and fun as well. Bars - Lobby bars,pool bars, and beach bar all had great service and very accomodating to both adults and kids. We always tipped to start off. Even after the lobby bar closed our group was able to get waters from them. They always were in a good mood. Made us feel very welcome. We tried all the pools and no complaints at all. The music was never too loud, pools were clean, never had trouble securing lounge chairs (not always where we wanted but there wasn't a bad location). The pool had more activity with volleyball, games, dance lessons, aerobics, etc. Grounds and beach were kept clean. Ocean water is crystal clear and sand is soft, never got hot to walk on. Nice beach - no rocks or shells in the water, or little fish. Grounds - Everything was clean and manicured. Beautiful resort with lush landscape. The workers kept up on everything, hedges were perfectly trimmed, untouched areas by the bridge were a nice touch. The birds liked to hang out there so when you pass by in the tram (or walk) you could hear them chirping. Peepers (frogs) at night. Activities - The nightly shows were professionally done with dancers and actors. Best we have ever seen without paying a big ticket price. They really worked hard and it shows. Sunday night show is more of an audience participation. Before the shows (1 hour or so) they get the crowd involved and pull people from the audience to learn the Bahia theme song/dance and do an elimination game. Very nice open air theatre. There is also the Pueblo Principe Town that is open at 0900 for shopping and stays open until 4 a.m. with live music, a disco, karaoke bar, casino, etc. We thought this was a beautiful resort and everything was top notch. The service was excellent from arrival to depature. The Golden Club Rooms had some nice perks that we really appreciated (private pools, private restaurants for breakfast/lunch, 4 ala carte dinners, pool towels, 24 hour room service,etc.) It will be hard to top the Bahia so if we go to a different destination, we will look for the Bahia properties.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DDinPA
<Content>Great Hotel - A Few Downsides OK...this may seem a bit conflicted, but I will do my best to keep it simple. My trip was from Feb 4 - 9, 2008. My party consisted of 14 women between the ages of 35 and 65. It was a trip away from husbands, work and responsibility. Our primary goal was to party and relax....in that order. First of all, a smaller group of us had been to another resort in PC the year before and had a blast...the Caribe Club Princess. So, we were basing a lot of our opinions comparitively. The Gran Bahia is far superior with regard to amenities, food and drink quality. It is also HUGE. We booked through Apple, in my opinion, the ONLY way to go. We seemed to get upgraded, though I don't know how. We were in villas 21 and 22 which are closest to the pool and beach. That was great because if we were further back, it would be a hike to either.The rooms are clean, spacious and very nice. Though we had requested all doubles and most of us ended up with kings. No big deal as we were told we had been upgraded and that was part of the deal. Rooms on the first floor did have water bug or roaches...none for me on the second floor.The Italian Restaurant - the one you make a reservation for - was some of the best food I have ever had in my life. We should have booked it twice and skipped the Brazilian.Huge, insanely clean pools. The beach is very crowded and the guy yapping on the loud speaker was driving us insane. However, watching the Russian contingent's volley ball match was worth it. The lobby is gorgeous, but we would have preferred the DJ that ththe Caribe Club had instead of the guy on the Casio. Uh, that was lame. Also, for an all-inclusive, the bars close very early...what is with that?The Karoake was a lot of fun, but isn't open on Mondays and only opens at 10 and goes to 1:00. Also, it is more like a giant sing along instead of Karaoke as the words are flashed on a huge screen and the entire bar sings louder than the one with the mic.There is a whole network of shops that is convenient. The lobby gift shop is grossly overpriced...just walk around the corner to the shopping center and get the stuff at half the price.The bottom line is that we loved the rooms, the food and cleanliness. However, for a group looking to party, I wouldn't recommend this hotel. I plan on taking my husband and two teenagers to this resort next year, but for the girl's trip, we just need a little bit more action.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>crazycanucks94
<Content>Wedding was beautiful       After ceremony  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>timbucto
<Content>Amazing holiday...best ever! I just returned from the AMBAR club of the Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana. What a georgeous spot to vacation! The hotel is very large and confusing the first day, but once you get on to it you do OK. The food was amazing! We had 4 al la carte meals and all were fabulous, The Grill and the Mediterranian were by far the best food. The buffets were always interesting and delicious! The whole resort, including common areas, rooms, dining, beach, grounds etc were the cleanest I have ever come across. The floors shined and the rooms were large and looked after. Our villa opened December 18 2007 so it was new. We were in number 65 right by the beach. No noise hassles at all. Spa was fabulous and reasonable. Entertainment was good as well. We went on two excursions, zip line and swimming with sharks and sting rays. Well worth the money. Had pics taken with monkeys and parrots for 7 American each. Tipped maids each day and a few of the wait and bar staff. They were always appreciative. Found if we attempted Spanish they would attempt English. Lots of fun and terrific memories. Highly reccomended.Problems-check in was confusing, we got batted around a few times but once through it was OK. Room key stopped working as did my safe but they come up to your room immediately and fix these small annoyances quickly.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>flying_spur
<Content>Great! Would like to return certainly!       Bahia Principe Map  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>travellover1981
<Content>Love at first sight My boyfriend and I decided it was time to take our first trip together and chose Punta Cana as the place to go. After talking to a friend of our travel agents we settled on the Bahia Principe! She gave it a 10/10 and promised us we would love it for our first time out of Canada. She was right! We booked through Air Transat so we were in the Royal Golden section of the resort which is right by the beach. We were a 20 ft walk from our large pool which connects to the huge strip of beach that is just gorgeous.Our Transat rep. was amazing, she helped us book our a la cartes and our activities outside the resort we wanted to do. We booked the shopping tour (which we loved), the Marinariam (which was the most fun) and a trip to Manati Park to swim with the dolphins. It was this last activity where I got to fulfill a dream of geting up close and personal with a dolphin. All of our activities were amazing and went off without a hitch. The resort is large, spacious and just a beautiful place to be. They have shuttle buses (which personally I never smelt anything bad as some ppl on here claim) that take you throughout the resort and we went on all of them many times just to see all the beauty this resort had to offer. The food was great, we never had to much problem with temperature of the food, all I know is there was a large variety of foods and the wait staff was very helpful *though we only speak English and clearly were in teh minority*. We had four a la cartes and I highly reccommend the Seafood and the italian (though the Mexican and the steak house are great choices as well)We had this guy John serve us at the main lobby bar and the pool bar and let me tell you - this guy made our trip! He was always singing and laughing and talking to everyone. His English was great, and he made us feel right at home! If you ever see him, you will fall in love with him and want to take him home with you!Our room was on the first floor villa 21 and we had one cockroach once on a night it rained particulary hard, other then that we did not see one bug our entire trip so i am not sure why other ppl on here on the first floor complained of it.If you want to know anything else contact me, cause I will boast about this resort forever!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Sea-Sand-Sun-Seekers
<Content>Great hotel but........       Poolside  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	4	2	4	

<Author>sillyguy
<Content>beautiful vacation Just got bach, was there from jan. 31 2008, to the 7th of feb.Punta Cana airportas soon as you get your bag, you are surrounded by people who want to take your bag to your bus, for the $2 I gave, well worth it, they know where the buses are, and I just followed.HOTELThe goodBeautiful, clean, well kept.The badAlittle confusing getting around the first couple of days, every night would have someone asking how to get where, alot of people get lost the first couple of days.ROOMSThe goodBeautiful, clean, and large.The badyou need 2 or 3 of there pillows to make 1 just ask your housekeeper and they will give them to you, we had 2 each to begin. also you can here everything outside your room.FOODthe goodgood choice of food, we enjoyed the restaurants buy the beach for lunch and breakfast, the badreservations at the a la cartes are hard to come buyBEACH, the goodbeautiful beach, beautiful ocean, JUST BEAUTIFUL!!! no problems for chairs, no problems!!!!the badNOTHING!!!!POOLThe goodmain pool is huge and right buy the beach, we had access to Diamond pools, enjoyed them late afternoon, less people.The badPeople who think this is there private pool, sit there being loud, drinking booze for hours, and not getting out of the pool to go to the bathroom, discustingSTAFFThe goodstaff were great  friendly, they really do not like to say no to anything and try hard to help, love the staff at this hotel the badnot many speak english, but the reception gives you a Bahia passport, and is has english to spanish translations of words you may need (like housekeeper,water, towels etc) if you keep this book and use it it is helpfull even has a mini map inside. we always found a way to communicate what we needed. and if we were missing anything we would just call reception and they would send what we needed (if mini fridge was not filled, or any towels missing etc)Overall we loved this resort, it is a little big and takes some time getting used to it but it is beautiful and staff are great. Keep your small issues small and you will enjoy, our rule was not to let anything ruin our trip, and keep positive, and we had a great timePlease feel free to PM me if you have any questions, and if you are going to this resort have fun and realize how lucky we are to be able to go, there are alot of people that will never have a trip like this in ther lives.p.s. try the spanish coffee or irish coffee and a mama wana in the evening, your significat other will be happy, lol  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Fatcat_Gatineau
<Content>Loved it!!! Miss it already.       Room  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>judie938
<Content>great time at bahia Just returned from the Bahia and overall our trip was great. As with other reviews grounds excellent, pools excelent, rooms excellent, food pretty good. We were a group of 9 . 4 couples and one of our best buddies. We had requested to be booked in the same villa but recieved different villas. They were pretty close together though so no big deal.Our room was great. villa 29 gardenview. We had e-mailed the resort in advance to book an a la carte for our friends birthday and promptly recieved a reply with our reservation. Our other two a la carte were very late as the resturants book up quite fast. Comunnication is a big issue here. Be prepared with as much spanish as you can learn. Our only real dislike was that the main labby closes at 11:00pm. At 11:pm they promptly turn out the light and close the bar dispite how full this area is, and it is busy. We never had touble finding 9 chairs and a couple tables . You also pay for premium liquor like bailey's, or kaluha... They have an included menu and a not included menu, on each table. Do try the mamajuana just once.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>SquirrelAda
<Content>Loved the whole experience We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana from 1/19 - 2/2/08 and were very impressed with the whole resort. The people were wonderful, very helpful. The food was very good (we have stayed at 3 other resorts on Punta Cana, thought they were good, but this was by far the best). We loved the choices of specialty restaurants. It was difficult getting booked for an evening, unless you planned ahead (the first day you arrive). This wasn't on our list of things to do yet, so we missed out on a few. However, since we had 2 weeks it worked out. The food and service was excellent. The buffets were great - so many choices and such a variety each and every time we were there. The staff was so helpful - the grounds are beautiful, and they were being worked on constantly. Very appreciated and noticed by us. The pools were beautiful, and to have them as well as the beach was a great bonus. My husband loved the drinks - he would have liked to have a minibar in our room with alcohol (The Punta Cana side), but he didn't lack for thirst quenchers.We needed some things in our room a couple of times, and I called the front desk - we were provided with our needs almost immediately, with a follow-up call to make certain we got what we needed. Our biggest thumbs down was the noise in our complex. The rooms apparently were not insulated for noise. We were on the 1st floor, and we heard every little move, every step, shower running, etc. If the people were having a late night out, it of course disturbed us during our sleep. We retire early, cannot fault those who like night life, but it would have been nice not to have been awakened each night by the noise above us. Our last 2 nights there were especially bad - there were some very unruly young men and they didn't go to bed until early morning hours. It sounded like they were tearing up the complex. You have that any place, we just really noticed that there was no noise barrier.I had a terrific massage at poolside. WONDERFUL!! This cost extra, but it was worth it.Overall, we can hardly wait to return for another wonderful vacation. Bring on the hot sunshine, warm breezes and cool shade - that and the surroundings of a beautiful resort make it a dream to look forward to.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>peanut9199
<Content>Not Great       Main Buildings  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Colin_Sarnia
<Content>Great, huge resort My family stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe from January 24-31, 2008. We were in the Royal Golden section through Air Transat. Overall, the vacation and resort was excellent, if not for a few minor hitches.Check-In - My family flew in from all over Canada, myself from Toronto, the others from BC and Alberta. The others arrived ahead of me, and had no problems checking in. Mine did no go quite as smoothly, as there was some confusion on the bus going to the hotel as to who got what. People who had the normal package got checked in on the bus as we went to the resort, while the rest of us did not (Ambarh, Premium and Royal Golden were the others on the bus). Upon arriving at the first stop, they neglected to mention for the Royal Golden passengers that it was our stop as well, but we eventually figured that part out on our own. The premium Royal Golden lobby was closed by the time we arrived, so I checked in through the normal front desk area without a problem.The rooms - Rooms were in very good shape, and overall well cleaned. General cleaning and room towel replacement took place during the day, and because we were in the Royal Golden section, our beach towels were replaced during the night. Very convenient, and chocolates were left as well each night. A nice touch. Sound was not an issue, I did not hear any of our neighbors once at night. The TV was rather small, but rarely got watched other than in the early evening. A suprising number of movie channels, though many were spanish.The Pool - Being with the Royal Golden section, you get a private pool (Premier, Ambarh, and Diamond also get private pools). This was EXCELLENT. We had no issue getting seats, the pool was never too busy, and the swim/walk up bar was great. This was far and away the best reason for being Royal Golden, as the main pool was always packed and very noisy. The Beach - I only spent a little time on the beach, but overall the sand was very soft on the feet, there was ample shade available, and the water was great. Sizable waves, and looking out at the distant shipwreck is really something. The games announcer/cheerleader/MC or something that was on the beach had a megaphone that was very annoying though, it sounded like he was yelling at people most the time.The Food - Buffet - I certainly did not go hungry here, and this is where a 5* place earns it's stars. The food at the main buffet in the Lobby was extremely good, and very fresh. They change the menu nightly, and there was probably a good 25 different hot items to choose from each night, with lots of fresh fruit and cold food available as well. From breakfast to dinner, food was uniformly tasty and filling. The buffet at the main pool was also very good, though it had more standard fare (ie hot dogs, hamburgers), and not as much selection.The Food - A'la Carte - We went to 4 restaurants during our stay. Japanese Restaurant - Made as you watch, this was an entertaining way to eat. We started with a few small pieces of sushi, though it was nothing to write home about for quality. Then came several pieces of tempura shrimp and veggies, which were very tasty and fresh. Finally, the main course consisted of you choice of Chicken, Beef, Prawns, and veggies, in any combination. I had all 4, and while the chicken was a bit on the dry side, the other 3 were well cooked. For dessert you are moved to the middle sitting area, where everyone had very good deep-fried icecream. Overall, very good, but I was a little saddened by the sub-par sushi.French Restaurant (La Cuisine) - An elegant and quiet evening. For starters I had a pasta dish, everyone else tried the soups. The soups were very sad looking, and barely a couple sips worth, while my pasta was hearty and delicious. I would strongly recommend anything other than a soup to start here. Next came the Filet Mignon, which was outstanding. I was honestly amazed at the quality of beef (and size). It was a very filling meal. There were two different chocolate desserts that my table tried, I had the Chocolate truffle, which was very rich and like a big piece of fudge, and the others had a chocolate mousse style dessert which was very tasty as well. This was my favourite of the 4 we visited, but the other 3 were a bit disappointed with their soup starters.Italian Restaurant - This was a much different atmosphere than the French Restaurant, as there seemed to be much more bustle and noise (not bad, just different). Appetizers were buffet style, and were extremely tasty. Several of us went back for seconds, they were so good. For the main course I had the chef's special that night, pasta + lobster. Overall, pretty good, but not great. I don't remember the dessert, but I believe it was very good again. This was still very good, but probably #4 of the 4 I visited.Mediterranean Restaurant - This place had a bit of everything on the menu. I started with another pasta, this one was a unique garlic sauce which was very light. For the main course, I had a massive piece of salmon, very close to the filet mignon of the French Restaurant in quality. It was outstanding, and filling. The others had pork and lamb, and both of those were great as well. Dessert was a lighter caramel pasty, which was good, but not great. The main course was so outstanding though, that this and the Japanese were probably tied for 2nd /3rd best, with the French being the best place I visited.Night Activities - We saw several shows, and the Michael Jackson show was the most entertaining. The volume was a bit on the loud side for all shows though. After the shows, we enjoyed listening to the house band quite a bit later into the night. There was also Kareoke and a dance club, though the club was only about 1/3 full the times I went, so not a lot of time was spent there. Other - The fitness facilities were rather small, and not overly impressive for a resort this size and quality. Considering the immense size of the resort, there are constant shuttles running back and forth all over the place. I would still recommend walking everywhere, it was much more enjoyable to me and probably took 10 minutes to walk one end to the other. I'm not sure if it was exclusive to Royal Golden members, but we got to use 15 minutes a day of internet at a public spot, which I found handy to keep up to date on news. In the Royal Golden reception area they also had printouts of Canadian, American, and other country news articles for you to read.Check-Out - Checkout was a bit more time consuming than it should have been. The Royal Golden reception area was open, but took about 20 minutes to check out, due to having to wait for others for so long. This was because, they also do all the restaurant bookings at the same place, and the bookings can take some time to find. A simple way to fix that would have to either have a seperate line/room for people booking restaurants, or only take reservations for restaurants after 12pm, the latest checkout time. Silly that we pay for a premium area service, but it was much slower checking in and out than the normal area.Overall - All in all, I was very impressed by the Gran Bahia Principe. The size can be a bit daunting at first, but after the first day, you hardly notice it, and I rather enjoyed all the different choices you get. The people were extremely friendly, food was excellent, the Royal Golden pool was great, and the facilities were well kept. I would recommend it, and would also recommend getting a package that has a more private pool if you enjoy a bit more piece and quiet during the day, it really was a noticable difference. And finally, if you made it all this way to the end, thanks for reading and hope this helps!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>mayasmummy
<Content>Would DEFINITELY go back again! I apologize for writing this review a little late, but I had to comment on my experience at this wonderful resort!My husband and I took our 23 month old daugher (yep, got her a free vacation just in time) and my parents to this resort and from the beginning, everything was wonderful. SkySerivce--We flew with skyservice and had booked our seats ahead of time. The flights were on time both ways and we were lucky enough, on both legs of the trip to have an extra seat in our row for our daughter. The flight attendants were helpful and a pleasure to deal with. Arrival--the bus ride to GBP is not too long and there is a tour guide who gives you lots of info. As soon as we got to the resort, there were drinks waiting for us with our welcome packages. We noticed that our room and my parent's room were far apart, so we had to talk to the front desk about getting us rooms together. They were extremely helpful and put us in the same complex, with our room just above theirs.Room--The room was super clean and big. We had a king bed, and both rooms had a sitting area. The bathrooms had a tub and shower together, which was great for bathing the little one. The mini bar was stocked daily. There is an in room safe, which you have to pay $20 for the week, but I think it's worth the peace of mind. The maids were very thorough and nice to deal with. I had made up cosmetic bags full of makeup and skin care products (most of them were from bonuses and gifts with purchase) for them, and they were very appreciative of this. We also offered our maid a cold drink from our fridge on a really hot day, and she was surprised and apprehensive, but my husband reassured her that it was from us and we wanted her to have it. She was very grateful. Our room complex was next to a construction zone (an extention is being built) but to be honest, we didn't hear anything in our rooms, so it didn't bother us at all.Resort--the Grounds were immaculate. We noticed that as soon as anyone droped a glass, etc, someone would get on their walkie talkies immediately and someone from the cleaning crew would be there in seconds to clean it up. There is a tram system in place because the resort is so big, so you have to wait at designated stops for the trams. We always walked to and from the beach, unless the tram was right there. Even walking to the buffet was fine, but if the little one was with us, then we would hop on the tram. Beach--The beach was beautiful! The water was warm, and there was always enough chairs. We were lucky to have 30 degrees plus, for the entire length of our stay, with not a drop of rain. One day they ran out of towels, but other than that, we never had an issue.Pools-- The pools were huge and very well maintained. The pool bars were wonderful, always serving drinks with a smile. Please remember to say thank you! The kiddie pool was great too, shallow enough for our little one to walk around on her own. We got her floaters from the market and she was so comfortable on her own. Resteraunts--There are many a la carte resteraunts, and you get three reservations with your stay. We went to the Mediterranean which we really enjoyed and the Italian, which was just okay. We had another reservation at Japanese, but decided to skip it and go to back to the buffet because it was easier to find options for the litle one. I heard the Japanese was great, as was the grill, but we always found something at the buffet. We had lunch at the outdoor grill on the beach. There was burgers, pasta, etc. There was a resteraunt beside it, which did serve nicer food, but you had to be in clothes to go. We started brining our cover ups and going there after we got tired of the beach buffet. They are super accomodating at this resorts. Our daughter is a very picky eater, and one night she wouldn't eat anything, so we asked a waiter if it was possible to get a sunnyside up egg. Sure enough, he went to the kitchen and they fried up an egg for her. They have one night which is crepe night for dessert--don't miss it!Entertainment--Their shows are really great. At 8pm, they have a clown for the children. All the kids sing songs and dance--my daughter loved this. After this, we would go have supper, and come back for the animation. They have a Lion King show (very good--if you are travelling with children, they can actually participate in this production), a Micheal Jackson show (very good), a Moulin Rouge (didn't go), a circus show (didn't go, but heard it was excellent), and I dont' remember the others. The shows are always packed. Excursions--We didn't go on any--we were quite content on the beach and pool areas (we spent a lot of time at the pool only because our daughter was more comfortable there.)Tips--we always tipped at dinner. They are very appreciative of whatever you can give. We usually sat in the same areas so we got the same waiters all the time. Many of them are from Puerto Plata or Santo Domingo. The ones who are from Santo Domingo get to go home every 24 days to see their families. We tipped at lunch if the service was good. The other thing we did was give beer, pop and soda from our mini bar to the gardeners and maintenance staff--they were so happy! We were talking to one of the managers who was from Montreal and she was telling us that they all get paid the same base pay, but the waiters, bar tenders and maids get a lot more money becuase of tips. She said, it's the maintenance staff, the waiters, etc that would really appreciate anything--a hat, tee shirt, whatever you can give. We also left some stuff back for waiters with little ones, like our daughers markers, crayons, hair pins, etc..If anyone is wondering about milk for children, you just have to ask the waiters or waitresses for milk for the baby, and they will bring you a tetrapak which is one litre of 2% milk. The milk is completely safe (pasteurized/sterilized) and is creamier and sweeter than our milk. Our daughter loved it.To sum it up--We would absolutely go back here and recommend this resort to anyone, especially families. There were a lot of young children here, and I know our daugher liked playing with the other kids in the pool and also the children's entertainment. The staff are very nice--the waiters were wonderful to our daughter. This place is definitely a five star resort. If you have any questions, please message me...  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>mymko
<Content>A few problems, but it is what you make it We were a group of six, two couples and two single ladies sharing a room, flew Sunwing out of Winnipeg Jan 26. Arrived around 5pm, off to building 28, only to arrive and the ladies have a king bed. They say there are no rooms available with two beds, and after two days upgrade the whole group to Ambar to accomodate the need for a room with two beds. We didn't know it at the time, but it was the best thing that could have happened. The Bavaro side is sooooo busy, restaraunts, beach, pools, everyone is on top of each other, pushing in front at the omlette station etc.The Ambar section is much quieter, and you can always go hang out where the action is if you like.Some of our group had Pringles and small bottles of liquor supplied in their room daily, others recieved them after leaving a note, no towel art on the Ambar side. Quite a few problems with key cards not working.Went to the casino, you do have to pay for drinks there. Michael Jackson show is good, but packed in like sardines.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	2	3	4	

<Author>nivek90
<Content>Chronic Overbookers We came from Toronto Canada, once we got on the bus we were given a letter stating that they were overbooked and that we would be taken to the GB Romano. I could go on but so many things went wrong I am still in disbelief. Definately my last time doing a Bahia. Last year had an amazing Trip to the one in Rio San Juan, but this one was was horrible.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	5	1	1	1	

<Author>karmeit
<Content>Incredible Stay I just came back from a week at the bahia principe and I wish I could have stayed longer! The hotel was absolutely incredible. The service was excellent. It was one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed at. The food was pretty good and the staff couldn't have been more welcoming. The rooms and grounds exceeded our expectabtions and were kept very clean. The whether was also very good. This is a hotel I would definately recommend and would book again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>yoga1
<Content>been there done it would not do it again just returned last night. there were good things and bad. the arrival was awful you would think they had never had people arriving late saturday night.room key did not work, no food available, disorganized we did get upgraded to Ambar which was much better, patience is needed small things were annoying like trying to sleep in and the maids outside the rooms yelling to each other food was better at ambar but the resturants were empty went we did a reservation the grounds were clean and most staff were very pleasant the beach was great but too crowded and the weather for the week was not very good. i would not go to this place again too big,you should take a walkie talkie if you are travelling with friends.some places after ten oclock charged for drinks that was weird some nights they charged and sometimes they didnt patience is needed. read the reviews and you will get a sense of the place  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	1	3	2	3	3	

<Author>activeedge
<Content>Never Again!!! We came back on the 31st Jan after a 2 week stay, and we were more than ready to! Firstly, they were massively overbooked! ( How does this happen? ) However, this is not an unusual occurence evidently!Our first night then, was spent in a different hotel altogether! They said they would pick us up at 12, to take us to the Bahia. They arrived at 2. It took over 3 hours to go 20 miles, because the bus was breaking down they said. It wasnt, we found out later, the hotel had told the driver to go slow because the rooms werent ready for us. That was the start of the lies, it went down hill for the rest of the 2 weeks! ie; The restaurants are too full, you cant book there LIES. We promise to fumigate your room  (as we had been so badly bitten, the doctor insisted on it) LIES......after much complaining and arguing with the horrible man in charge on reception, they brought us a can of fly spray to our room! The food in the buffet was constantly cold, and all the meats either underdone, or inedible they were so tough! The speciality restaurants were the best, if not fantastic, I would say the Gourmet and the Meditteranean were the best. We asked if we could have a bottle of tonic water, to take to the room,  No Sir, it is not allowed WHAT?! Funny, we watched while 3 lovely looking young Canadian girls were given three! The beach is lovely AWAY from the hotel. It was like an 18/30 holiday every day. The main Lagoon style pools, were ok but much too busy. You were almost laying on top of each other! The Diamond pool, (to which we had been upgraded as an apology) was nothing special...just full of loud mouthed swearing drunks, dropping their swimming trunks, regardless of the fact that there were children there too. The girl whos job it is, to get rid of the people who shouldnt be there, said nothing at all to these yobs, but we watched whils twice she asked young couples with a baby to leave, even though there were on both occasions, about 30 free beds...just because they were wearing the wrong coloured band! What a joke. The main Lobby bar was the only one that anyone over 30 wanted to use, and it was so BORING! It shuts at 11, and then they hovver round you waiting for you to give them your glass. If you dont, they take it from you, and pour it in to aplastic cup, then all the lights are switched off! Very welcoming! DO NOT pay for an upgrade!!! Its the biggest rip off ever!!The cleaners were lovely (the poorest paid usually are!)The bar staff were rude, and arrogant, with the exeption of a couple of the girls.The waiters were ok but slow to bring your drinks, if you got them at all! However they were so quick to take your plates away, that twice they whipped mine from under my nose, and I was still eating!The reception staff, and the customer service staff, are among the rudest I have ever come accross anywhere in the world!!! And dont bother asking for anything, because theyll promise, but you wont get it. They are a dreadful bunch of people, and I cant think of one of them that I would keep in my employ, if I wanted to give a good impression.There is a kids club, but we saw no evidence of anything going on for the kids what ever.The meals as I said, were very second rate, breakfast was terrible! Scrambled eggs that were slimy, and cold. Jelly ..no tomatoes, unless you went to the BBQ on the beach, toasters that dont work, cold coffee EVERY morning, etc etc...Good points? The grounds are fantastic! Beautifully kept, and very pretty. The train service (which you cant manage without) is brilliant.I wouldnt go back to this hotel, if I won it in a prize draw!No disrespect whatever to the Canadians (we made friends with quite a few) but the hotel, is far more friendly towards them, than to us Brits! All in all, it was a terrible let down. I wouldnt recommend it to anyone, and if you are booked to go ...well, Id say change your booking, and go somewhere else, youll be very disappointed if you dont!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>shelieg34
<Content>First Time at an All Inclusive Resort       The Main Pool Area  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Pattio2
<Content>Very relaxing vacation Just returned from a week at this resort 鈥?Jan. 17 鈥?24. We stayed here before in January 2005 in building 2 which is right on the beach and had a wonderful vacation. This year when we booked we asked for an upper room close to the beach and got a ground floor in Bavaro Primier which is about as far from the beach as possible. I was a bit disappointed but I鈥檓 not one to make a big fuss over things. As it turned out, the Primier area is very nice. It is like a mini resort. It has it鈥檚 own pool, large and very quiet with swim up bar, it鈥檚 own buffet restaurant and snack bar, 2 of the a la carte restaurants and it鈥檚 own small lobby. Since we went on this vacation to rest, we actually enjoyed the area very much. It was just a 5 minute tram ride to the beach.The weather was cloudy and rainy for the first few days so we just sat around the pool and relaxed. When we finally got to the beach, we found it very overcrowded down by the water. There were always enough lounge chairs on the beach but we liked to stay back under a palapa and the beautiful palm trees. My husband enjoyed the volleyball which seemed to go on continuously all day. The only place I ever felt crowded was on the beach next to the water and at the beach snack bar. I found absolutely no problem with the service although we only ever tipped our maid and the waiters in the a la cartes. We found that everyone bent over backwards to serve us no matter if at the bar or buffet or even the tram drivers and all tried to use a little English. You must remember that there are a lot of Europeans staying there so it is not just English these waiters have to learn but German, French, Italian, Russian etc.We went to 3 restaurants and had no trouble booking for 7 pm. We first went to the Dominican restaurant. It is actually an open air snack bar through the day just around the corner from our room. The food was amazing. I had a white fish cooked in coconut milk that just melted in my mouth. I should have asked for another serving!The Mediteranian was also good. It was more 鈥済ourmet鈥?type and the food was again excellent. My husband had 鈥渢he best steak he has ever eaten鈥?and my chicken was amazing as well.Our third choice was the Japanese. I was slightly disappointed in it. At the Japanese restaurant we went to last year in Mexico, the cook put on a wonderful show and we were even offered saki to drink Not so here. The cook just stood there and cooked 鈥?very little 鈥渟how鈥? the vegetables were over cooked and everything had way too much salt on it. But the sushi and soup were very good. The bed was hard but we liked it that way. We got both thin and plump pillows so we had a choice. The rooms were cleaned to my satisfaction and the sheets were changed twice through the week. One day the maid forgot to leave towels and another day she forgot to leave water. A quick call to our lobby got both items in under 10 minutes. We got a few bites. I鈥檓 pretty sure these bugs are called 鈥渘o see-ums鈥?because you don鈥檛 see them but you sure feel them. But I only got about 4 bites. One year in the Bahamas my legs were absolutely covered with bites so this wasn鈥檛 really bad in comparison.Any other problems we had were airport related and these bothered us far more than any little problems at the resort.If you like a small intimate resort, do not go to Bahia Principe. This might not be a 5 star if you are comparing it to Hawaii but it is's one of the best in D.R. We have travelled extensively in the Carabean and from our experience we always say if you could take a 5 star resort from Mexico and put it on the beach in Punta Cana you would probably have a close to perfect resort.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>shielaandtrevor
<Content>well we just got home Well we just got home from a 1 week stay . We traveled with a group of 10 friends. I found this resort way to big ,we have traveled some where differerent each year for the past 6/7 years .The resort was very well looked after, very nice rooms ,grounds were nice ,beach was awesome ,lots of bars where you got good service.Food was probably the worst food of any resort we have been to other than the japeneseand the paris which were awesome food.Our friends were spread out through the different 4 resorts in this complex ,our fault probably as we should have e-mailed and requested rooms close together ,seem to have spent alot of time trying to meet somewhere. Shows were good, overall it was a very good trip first holiday we have been on with our close friends although i iwould not return to this resort because of the food and size. We prefer to go somewhere different each time we travel.The world is big! We went on a tour of the countryside it was very good for us we got to see how the dominican people live. Started out bought candy to give to the kids (fun at first then i felt disgusted that we were letting very young children run for a km to dig candy out of the bush as we just throw it from the truck ,stop and the kids swam the truck to get candy )Well time to go hope this helps. Oh and watch the people at the buffet it can get pretty rough in the stampede for food (Busy) please contact me for more info if you wish  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	2	5	3	4	4	

<Author>cherryblaster1
<Content>immaculate       this is the rainforest beside our villa  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>medic911
<Content>24 Hours was too long We were booked to stay at the Grand Bahia Principe Jan 17-25, 2008. We would like to start off by saying that this is not our first time at an all inclusive and we have been travelling many years from Hawaii, Mexico, Cuba, etc. and have not had a bad experience until this year.To start off we read the reviews daily on the Grand Bahia and ignored the negatives, bad mistake. We had requested as close to the ocean as possible with our travel agent as well as emailing the resort. When we booked in we soon realized that we had been placed into the Premier section. After informing the front desk attendant we had requested close to the beach, we were told they were overbooked and that was the only room available. So after telling him for an hour that I was not taking that section, all of a sudden a room became available. So our holiday starts. Tried to book our a la cartes immediately, to no avail unless you want to eat at 9:00 and not the restaurants we requested as they were full. So off to the beach. The beach was overcrowded, but it was a beach. Went to find food, my husband bit into the burger to find it blood red and not even slightly cooked. Went to go back to the room, room keys are not working now. So back we went, all the way back to the front desk to get new keys. All the way back to our room and wanted to have a nice relaxing jacuzzi bath. Nope, no luck. The plug does not work and will not hold water. Frustrated and mad. Go for supper and all we heard was a young baby crying, kids spilling their drinks and parents yelling at the kids. We had to ask three times for a simple diet coke, and still never received it. We found staff to be outright rude and demanding in tips. Not our idea of a holiday. All of this in a matter of four hours. Next morning we accept the bumping and move to the Excellence. Now the holiday started.We were nothing but impressed by the Excellence. They had been told what a horrible start to our holiday and instantly upgraded us to the oceanview suite. This resort is nothing but A1 in customer service, food and cleanliness. The could teach the staff at Grand Bahia many things about customer service. For more information on the Excellence, please see our post on there!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>London550
<Content>Absolutely adored it I really am amazed at people when they go on holiday to a different country, who have different culture, different languages.Why dont you people get a life!!This hotel is wonderful, we have been back two years running and will be going again this December. The staff cannot do enough for you to make your holiday perfect.OK, so some of the restaurants are not as we are use to in London, but for goodness sake you are on HOLIDAY - chill out!This year when we went back, we were upgraded purely because we had been before and it was wonderful. We love DR, the people, the weather and especially the beach,We certainly cannot wait for December to come round again.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Traveler2082
<Content>Not the Best We went to the Gran Bahia, Punta Cana on a work trip. The reosrt is huge, over 1,700 rooms. You have to take trams to get around. When we first got there the tram was driving around for over 1/2 hr trying to find our room and we finally had to get out and just walk around and find it ourselves. Beach is beautiful but VERY crowded and noisy. Pool area is nice too but also very noisy. Adult pool area is quiet. Food was pretty good. Main compaint is that about 3 days into the trip I woke up with extremley itchy bites all over my legs. Still not sure exaclty what the cause was...spiders, bed bugs, but definitely not pleasant. About 5 other people from our group experienced the same thing. They definitely did not change the sheets during the stay. Not what you would expect of a 4 star. Also lots of people in our group who requested doube beds got a king bed and those who requested kings got twin beds. They would not let you switch either. Claimed they were full, all 1700 rooms. Overall, the trip was still fun but could have done without the bites!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Teecee13
<Content>Feedback from Canada Gran Bahia Principe BavaroEight peopleJan 7-14 I know how much I read these reviews and appreciate the good, the bad and the ugly about a resort that I'm about to visit. To begin with I am a well seasoned travellor of the Carribean. We have been on 13 trips to various all inclusives and cruises. We arrived at the hotel around 11am. We were greeted with drinks at the lobby and we were on our way of a week of relaxation!! When you check in make sure you pay for your safe and receive your pool towel cards so you don't have to go back to the front desk. We booked our ala carte restaurants as well so we had that taken care of with no disappontments. We booked the Steakhouse, Seafood and the Japanese restaurants. They all had good service and great food. Its a nice break from the buffet, though the food is very good there as well.Our room was great. Do not be afraid of the size of this hotel. I have been to smaller resorts that were busier than this one. We never once waited in line for anything. The hotel was at full capacity while we were there. There were 8 in our party and we were down to the beach by 9am. and always had chairs. Many smaller resorts we have been to you had to be up by 7am. if you wanted a chair!! There is plenty of shade on the beach which is nice. The restaurants by the beach are nicely located so you can have breakfast down there as well as lunch. The shows were fabulous the Michael Jackson show was something else don't miss it.We did two excursions, The Caribean Festival and the Sunset cruise. Loved both and really worth the money. Don't forget the bread for snorkelling. the sunset cruise,book on the beach through the hotel. It leaves right from the beach at 3pm, so get to see the whole coast line, go snorkelling and then to a private beach for a swim and lots of rum on a floating bar. A very good time for 36 dollars!!!Our only complaint would be with our tour represenative, who never seemed to be around when you needed her. I also think that she should be at the the airport to guide you to the right bus. They do have a booth at the airport that you can ask where to go but I like to see my Rep. there with the sign in the air, to point me in the right directions.Final note if you are travelling with Sky service beware of your weight of suit cases. In thirteen trips this is the first time we have ever been charged for a few kilograms over.Would go back which I have never said about any resort before. While there we met a couple who have been going there for five years, that has to tell you something!!!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>hondacouple
<Content>Loved it Stayed at this resort Jan 17-24, 2008. Upon arrival at the Punta Cana airport, get ready for people asking you for tips. The welcome band was kicking a bucket around for tips and a maid was in the bathroom looking for tips, etc. There were various buses waiting to transport us to the resort. Don't get confused. There are tour operator desks on your right hand side. Just go up to them and look for your specific tour company. Ours was Sunquest and they will inform you which numbered bus to get on to take you to your resort. The drive to the resort was about 20 minutes. The Bahia Principe is absolutely beautiful and the grounds are well kept and amazing. There are 2 identical sides to the hotel. The Punta Cana side and the Bavaro side. The resort seems huge when you first arrive, but after a day, you know your way around. The are trolly cars that take you from one end of the resort to the other continually from 6:00 am-3:00 am. There are little bus stops everywhere, and you do not have to wait long at all. We stayed on the Bavaro side of the resort. We paid the extra money to be a part of the Diamond Club. Glad we did. Private check in and check out. Our room was close to the semi-private pool and the italian a la carte restaurant where we enjoyed breakfast and lunch. Must ask for the bathrobes and slippers though. I am a fussy eater and the food was amazing!! There were so many choices at the buffet and we enjoyed the French (filet mignon and lobster was the best we ever tasted), BBQ and Steakhouse a la cartes. We did not like the Mexican restaurant. Just was not enough dishes to choose from. (I did not like any-but I am a fussy eater) The service was impeccable. Your wine glass never went empty and the coffee is nice and strong. As soon as you were done with your plate, it was whisked away. The staff are pleasant and friendly. Most spoke English and French as well. The mini-fridge in our room was not stocked with water and we were advised not to drink the water so we communicated with our cleaning lady and water was restocked everyday. Unfortunately, they only have the big 1 Litre bottles of water, not regular bottles so buy some small bottles if you are traveling on any excursions. Bring your own facecloths too. People were complaining about not being provided facecloths in their rooms, but we were prepared as we read the reviews on tripadvisor before leaving. There is a store just off the lobby. Very expensive, chocolate bars and chips, $3.00 each. So make sure to stock up on snacks before you arrive at the resort.The lobby bar was fantastic, they mixed good drinks. The pools, snack bars and beach bars were great. We brought travel mugs, better than the little plastic cups that they give you. The beach was extremely clean, there were always loungers available, no matter what time of day you went. White sand and warm turquoise water. It was lovely. There is a shipwreck off shore in front of the beach, very cool. The beach was usually windy. Parasailing is offered for $65.00 each or $85.00 for two. We doubled and it was a blast. Bring your Gravol though. Banana boating was $10.00/ person. Loved it. Beware of no price tags in the fleamarkets. You can walk to the fleamarket. Its 25 min walk on the beach. Expect to pay 50-60% of the asking price. Bartering is a must. They won't tell you the price, they tell you what are you willing to pay and go from there. Bring your calculator too as everything is in pesos. The vendors are aggressive, if you are not interested, keep repeating No, gracias! and walk away We took the free shuttle to the Palma Real Mall. Its a 45 min ride one way and a waste of time for us. It was all high end stores, extremely expensive. We did the Bavaro Runners Punta Cana/ Bavaro Day trip. Highly recommend. We traveled in an 18 person jeep to a sugar cane plantation, a typical home, a school (Sat, it was closed), tobacco place, went horseback riding, had lunch and swam at a private beach. Do not give money to the children. If you do give money, the children will not go to school as it is easier to beg. Bring pencils or crayons for them instead. There are people trying to sell you stuff at every stop though, from coffee to cigars to Taino Art. The drivers are crazy, there seems to be no rules of the road. The tour was well worth the money. At the end of each day we enjoyed relaxing in the lobby bar. Good drinks and a nice place to chat, read a book or play cards. It closes at 11:00 pm and then we found not much to do. It should stay open until midnight and then you could head out to the Pueblo Principe. Pueblo Principe is just on the outskirt of the lobby. There is a karaoke bar and casino, vendors and stores. The house band starts playing at 11:00pm and the disco opens at 12:00pm. Did not go. There are also nightly shows starting at 9:45 pm. Kind of lame, what can you expect, not our thing. Overall, the rooms are nice, not like our 5* but clean. We stayed on the 3rd floor. Not any bugs. Very few mosquitoes, I did not get bit but my husband did a few times. Lots of fellow Canadians and Europeans. Watch out for the speedos! and there were a few topless women. About 50% of the people smoked. Better than Mexico! Would we go back, yes, in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Clay3
<Content>Great Vacation We stayed the week of Jan 19 to Jan 26/08. Wow! The resort is huge but yet easy enough to get around with the trams. We never had to wait more than 2 mins for a tram either. The beach was incredible. The white sand and warm water is everything we had hoped for. We were always able to find chairs at both the beach and pool side no matter what time of day we showed up. The buffet was more than plentiful. A lot of selection even for picky eaters. Each night there was a theme for the food being served whether it be Italian, Mexican, Dominican, Carribean, etc. The ala cartes were absolutely amazing. We dined tat he Garden Grill where we had rib eye steaks. The steaks were soooo good that my husband asked for seconds. We also went Le Gourmet, the French restaurant and had filet mignon. Increditble! The steak melted in your mouth and the mashed potatoes are the best we've ever had. Our 3rd ala carte was at the Japanese restaurant Maiko. This too was incredible. I recommend everything on the menu. Each night there is entertainment in the theater which is close to lobby. We highly recommend the Michael Jackson show even though all the other shows were good too. I only have a couple of complaints about the resort. The first being the Guest Services. Whenever we contacted them with a request it took 2 to 3 days and several phone calls before we actually received what we needed. We found it was just easier to ask the maid and we would receive it the next day. The pillows are awfully thin, so don't be afraid to ask the maid for more. And my last complaint is in regards to some of the wait staff. Although they were eager to please, sometimes it was difficult to communicate with them. In a few instances my waiter would have to get another waiter to come and translate my request. Now I realize we were in a country where English is not normally spoken but I believe the staff that have direct contact with the guests should have basic English as we did our best to communicate in spanish. Overall we had an excellent vacation and would highly recommend this resort and most certainly return again in the future.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>1sunfiend
<Content>Even Better Than the First Stay! Having stayed at this resort last winter for one week and having enjoyed it so much, we decided to return again this year, but for two weeks this time (January 4-18). We were treated like royalty!A few weeks before arriving, I emailed the resort with a few requests, and we were accommodated in every way - including the ocean view from the balcony. We were placed in villa 25.Since we booked Club Diamond, we had a separate reception area. Martin was extremely knowledgeable and helpful and always went out of his way to accommodate us with any requests we had. To start us off, he had already made five dinner reservations for us for the first week and he informed us that the in-room safe in both rooms were free. As returning guests, the bracelets we were given allowed us access to everything in the Bavaro, Punta Cana, and Premier sections of the resort.When we arrived in our rooms, we found it had been decorated with towel art and rose petals, and there were bath robes, slippers, a plate of fruit and a letter welcoming us back. The following day we returned from the beach to find t-shirts and a bottle of rum in each of our rooms. Our maid Wencesla always kept our rooms very clean and tidy, as well as the fridge well stocked. I can't forget to mention the beautiful towel art - something different everyday. While out for dinner, our beach towels for the next day were delivered, our beds turned down, and the rooms tidied up again.The gardens throughout the resort are beautiful and maintained perfectly. We did a lot of walking in order to enjoy the lush vegetation and we were always amazed by how clean the property was kept. If however you didn't feel like walking, buses were constantly traveling from one end of the resort to the other. The beach is absolutely beautiful! Even though we were there during high season, at every hour of the day we could always spot empty chairs and palapas. If you're an early riser, make sure you watch a sunrise on the beach, you won't regret it! The restaurants and buffets were so good that even picky eaters would surely find something they liked.Because the resort was overbooked during our stay, free excursions to various tourist sites in the DR were being offered, including one or more nights at other five star resorts. The amazing thing was that the minimum they'd pay you to go was $100 US per room, per night. Yes, I said free, and paid even on top before boarding the bus! We were a bit skeptical about this at first thinking it was too good to be true, but we eventually signed up for the excursion to Saona Island on day one, overnight stay at the recently opened GBP La Romana, and Altos de Chavon tour plus the Basilica in Higuey on day two. Everything was taken care of for us, (including beach towels) and we had a fantastic time. Rafael (hotel rep who came with us), Jerry (from the DR department of tourism), and Fermin (our amazing bus driver) took such good care of us. I can't possibly think of anything that could have been improved on. We were with a really nice group of people and we had a wonderful time. The actual locations we visited were amazing, especially Saona Island (the Catamaran and then speed boat for the return trip were so much fun!), and Altos de Chavon was certainly unique. Both absolutely worth visiting.Our two weeks at the GBP Bavaro were nothing but excellent. We will continue to recommend this resort, and are looking forward to returning.If you choose this resort, you will not be disappointed!!!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bev2869
<Content>Over Rated Hotel We just arrived back in Canada this morning. Air Trasat was the caarrier. There is such a lack of communication with the tour operater there. Our plane was late and there was no one at the airport to adise us.The hotel is very clean, the building are set in a very lush setting with many plants e and flowers. The beach and pool chairs are always covered with towels with no one setting in them.The beach has white sand but very over crowded. The food is satisfing but definately not 5 star. Rooms are cleaned, but need new pillows , facecloths, and a major cleanThe Transat tour person made it very clear when we had our arrival talk to make sure we tip and tip wellI thought that we were ALL INCLUSIVE, meaning no tipping unless super service.The hotel was over booked and most customer service people were always at you to go to a new location. I am glad we went to see the place, but with the 2000 rooms there and on a very narrow property it was just too busy, not space to breath.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	2	3	2	

<Author>troymich
<Content>awesome       beautiful beach  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rickandiannefoster
<Content>Great Beach My wife and I were among a group of fifteen who stayed at this resort from Jan.5 to Jan.12/08. We had requested a ground floor room close to the beach because I have mobility problems but were placed in section #39 that was about as far from the beach as you can be. After many trips to the front desk we were able to get a ground floor room in building nine (which was about half way to the beach) a couple of days later. They seemed to be overbooked and had trouble making a change to accomodate my disability. We settled in finally and enjoyed the beach and pools for the rest of the week. The main buffet was just fine and we found the specialty dining to be even better. The staff in both were very helpful, friendly and eager to please. The beer was cold and the daily special drinks were a refreshing change from day to day. The room was adequate although the king size bed was a bit too hard for my liking and the pillows were the worst I have ever had to try to get used to. They were very thin and two each just didn't do it for us. The maid service was fine but a little inconsistant although we did leave a tip for them every day. One day we got all the fancy swans, etc and the next they must have been in a hurry as we got none of the little extras or even clean towels. We never did see any washcloths the whole week but just assumed that maybe no-one in the Dominican Republic uses them! So in reality we didn't find very much to complain about. We went there for the beach, the sun and the sea and this resort certainly didn't dissapoint us. We would likely try to find a resort that was not quite so big next time. We have stayed at the Colonial Majestic in Punta Cana and would probably pick it again over the Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lilbit56
<Content>Paradise...a wonderful escape!       sunrise!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	5	2	4	

<Author>Neil38
<Content>Papaya Fan       beach  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pickyPeople
<Content>great beach Just got back Jan 13/08This is our 2nd stay at a bahia property. We had such a good time at their Mexican resort we thought we would try one in the D.R.. Food: still very good, a la carte restaurants very goodBeach: as wonderful as everyone said it would be, soft sand, lots of palapas[beach umbrellas], and very long, not a lot of topless women so no one should really be offended.Service: not bad, there is a language barrier, when they do finally understand what you want there is no problem.Resort: Diamond club members, when you get off the bus, turn right and go down the hallway to the last room, this is your check in. We had trouble finding this and almost missed out on the ala carte restaurants. From reading other reviews we thought this resort would be huge. Not so, from the front desk to the beach was only about an 8 minute walk, nothing to complain about though many did. You can always take the tram which comes by every 2 minutes or so.Rooms: large and cool, beds a little firm, shower water pressure is very strong.Tipping: always, gets you better service and more smiles, especially at the bars and does not really cost that much more.Water: refreshing with lots of waves if you go out a little bit. Not much to see for snorkling.Go: yes GO  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Happy-Gnome
<Content>Can't Wait to go Back!       The Natural Pool  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BurntPrune
<Content>Fantastic Resort and Great Value The Resort - overall, the resort was beautiful. Not beyond compare but very nice and VERY well maintained. The resort has a plaza with a stores surrounding a central courtyard. It was fantastic. Pools were excellent. Grounds very expansive so be prepared to walk or catch the bus. There were actually little bus stops, LOL.Rooms - nice. Nothing extraordinary but everything that I expected.Food and Beverage - the buffet was above average. Avoid the beef. But otherwise, fresh and good. Not mindblowing, but certainly nothing to complain about. Japanese Restaurant - surprisingly good. All six of us enjoyed it immensely. Service was excellent and they bent over backwards to cater to our requests.BBQ - average at best. I would avoid.Mexican - average in my opinion but others in our group felt it was very good.Overall, there was very little to complain about regarding the food and I was very satisfied.Service - here is where the resort shone. The service was outstanding. Can't say enough about the service. Very few problems communicating. One of us had an infection (not related to the resort) and the staff was of great assistance in getting a prescription from the pharamicist. Housekeeping was excellent and attentive to our requests. Check-in was very smooth and quick. Same as check out.Cleanliness. Excellent. Very commendable.Overall, the resort was very well run. Not as posh as a few resorts but still highly satisfactory. I'd take a resort that is this well run and this enjoyable over something posh that has pitfalls anyday.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>smelliott
<Content>Magical wedding, amazing resort!! Oh my where do I start鈥verall the trip was FANTASTIC!! Couldn鈥檛 have been better and the wedding was a dream come true!We went with Air Transat and since we booked 26 people on our flight they gave us (wedding couple) an upgrade to Club Class - highly recommended!!!! You get twice as much luggage weight and space to store your wedding dress.The bus was waiting for us when we got off the plane and they gave us all of our documents and things on the bus (bracelets etc.) My husband and I were upgraded to Club Diamond from Gold which was a nice touch. Also on the bus they told us that they pre-booked ALL of our A La Carte dinners including the wedding dinner so we ended up with 5 A la Cartes for the week - incredible!! Even the couple that didn鈥檛 have the upgraded package got to enjoy this. One flaw though was we got our sheet with the reservations on it and it said that the reservations were for 鈥?0 people鈥?and we had 32 people so our dads had a meeting with the General Manager of the hotel and they fixed the problem to accommodate everyone. When we got off the bus one of the wedding coordinators greeted me and introduced herself which made me feel very comforted and welcomed. In our room we had a letter saying that our meeting with Janette was scheduled for the next day.At the meeting she will give you a book to pick your bouquet, cake and location. It is extra money for flowers for anyone else or for decorating the cake so we chose to just go with what was free. We had picked our wedding to be on the beach at 3pm and that was changed to 12pm for whatever reason but that didn鈥檛 really bother me at all. I had emailed before I left and said I wanted to get my hair and nails done at the salon and that was all booked for me at 9am of the wedding day. My hair was stunning and I got a french manicure - takes forever to dry so be careful!I was finished at the salon at 11am and headed back to the room to get ready. At about 11:50 they dropped off my bouquet. No one had called yet to say whether or not the Judge was late (which I already knew happened frequently) so we had to send 2 of the bridesmaids to the beach to check and see if he was there, finally we got ahold of Janette and she said she was sending a cart over to pick us up. So by the time all this happened I think it was about 12:45pm when I actually reached the beach. All the people on the beach had turned their chairs to face the wedding and they do the best they can to get people to keep their distance. The set up was gorgeous with the flowers and the water in the background, like I said, dream come true seriously. I would definitely pick the beach over the gazebo, the train goes right by the gazebo (not very romantic). The judge speaks in Spanish and there is a translator that repeats everything he says. We had Ernesto as our photographer and he was super nice and took some amazing shots. My advice would be to write down certain shots that you want to have because it feels very rushed and I ended up not getting any professional pics of me and my family. Also, the 24 free pictures DO NOT include the beach shots - only the ceremony shots!After the ceremony we all got undressed and headed to the pool - trying to keep our hair out of the water lol. Our reception dinner was at the Garden Grill on the separated terrace - it was private and just the perfect setting. All the tables are decorated soooo beautifully you do not need to bring anything else, trust me. For dinner we had caesar salad (ok), corn chowder (sooo sooooo good) and steak (good). The cake came out at the end and everyone was so full from dinner that no one even touched it so it didn鈥檛 matter that it came out white when I asked for it to be blue haha. We had asked for the Ipod hook up and played Jack Johnson and Michael Buble throughout dinner. Next to where the tables were there was a big space for dancing and they let us stay there until almost midnight. The best part was your drink NEVER goes empty - they were so on the ball it was incredible! Afterwards we headed to the disco to keep the party goin - it was soo much fun!!So that鈥檚 about it for the wedding, the resort is gorgeous and it is big but since you鈥檙e sticking to your own side either Bavaro or Principe it really isn鈥檛 as big as it looks. I think the best A la carte was the Italian but they are all unique in their own way. Don鈥檛 forget to bring mosquito repellant and a lot of sunscreen - the sun was so strong and everyone ended up running out of sunscreen and its like $20 at the shops. Enjoy your trip!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Irochka111
<Content>Good place for the value Pros: great a la carte restaurants, compared to what we have seen in other comparable Punta Cana hotels, the best in my opinion was the french restaurant, japanese was not bad, but we felt a little rushed in there and the rice was overcooked, the italian one is not bad, but really overrated. We had heard so much about it and had to wait till our last night there to eat in it, but it was not all that, the service, for example, was so much better at the french and mediterranean restaurants. The beach was really nice, as is typical for Punta Cana resorts. Since we do not really like the shows in Punta Cana, such as The Michael Jackson or other Cabaret style shows due to their poor quality, we really liked the fact that this hotel had a piano player in the hotel lobby every night, who sang really well, and we just sat there relaxed, drinking mama juana, which is what they call a vitamin drink or local viagara. The rooms were absolutely wonderful, but the walls are kind of thin. No problem with beach chairs like in Riu Bambu, for example, where you had to wake up at 6 A.M. and reserve the beach chairs by putting towels on them. Here, there are more than enough of them. Cons: huge property, cannot walk from one end to another without taking a ride in one of the cars, which emit a very unpleasant odor from diesel fuel. I had to hold my breath in order not to enhale the toxins. Water bugs in the buffet and in the first floor hotel rooms. I guess this is OK for a tropical island, but you kind of don't want to see it there anyway (we've seen them in Riu Bambu too). We also saw mice running near the hotel lobby, not a pretty sight. They don't know how to make drinks very well in D.R., so I suggest to drink cognac, wine, or something that comes straight out of the bottle with no mixing involved. Big inconvinience are the card keys to get into your hotel room. Although they give you 2, one doesn't work almost right away and the other on the second day, so you can't get into your room when you need to and must wait for some one to come and let you in. There was no TV remote control in one of my relative's rooms. Stone and marble floors in the hotel rooms are very slippery, so be careful. No protective screen on the balcony door, so you can't keep the balcony door open while you sleep, because all the bugs are going to fly in. I have never seen a caribbean hotel room with no screen.All in all, it was nice, much better than Riu Bambu, where the food is terrible. For people who have never been to the D.R., but have been to Aruba, Hawaii and other nicer islands, don't expect a 5 star hotel to be really a 5 star hotel. Don't forget that you are paying 3 times less to vacation there, so it is not that bad for the price.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>whatawasteofmoney
<Content>Stay at the Rui instead I've travelled to dozens of resortsGoodThe beach, clean but no serviceThe groundsThe room itself, if you don't want a lock or a safe that worksFood, better in the buffetsBadService is horrific- might as well be one of 4000 other guests, thats right you are...Staying in the AMBAR doesn't mean adults only....trust me.Upgrading early means you paid for something others got for free, half of our guests got upgrades for nothing but only the room, no services that go with the hotel.4 different pick up spots, be sure to check where you depart from.Cockroaches - check your bed at night.Weddings routinely start 2.5 hours late so if your wedding is at 4 it will start at 6ish so go ahead and get married by the wedding planner and sign the book for legalities whenever the JP shows up usually 2 hours late. (Hope it's legal) If you don't do this you miss your beach pictures. Having spoken to 6 brides, he was at least 2 hours late for each ceremony.Tips don't get you anything so don't bother - save yourself a couple hundred dollars....seriouslyStaff is not friendly, in fact they look at the table before you leave to see if you've left a tipNo hot waterShowers don't workCautionMarble is slippery when wet, especially if your ceiling caves in.Ground floor patio doors don't lockNight Security trying to sell you drugs off your patio at nightThey will charge you 10 dollars a kilo (2.2 pounds) for your luggage overwheight. Group of 30 paid about 3000.00 US at the airport. Pack light, humidity adds about 20 pounds. Just eat at a different buffet and wear the same clothes twice.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	1	1	3	

<Author>MontrealTravelbug
<Content>Just "OK" - Nothing to write home about! We were at the Bahia Principe from Jan 3rd to 10th. Didn't start off on the right foot with a 9 hour delay out of Montreal on our way down there! Didn't matter too much since the first day it rained in sheets the entire day - it allowed us to sleep in - so that wasn't too bad! We met up with our friends, 3 other families who were there during the Chritmas/New Years celebrations - they raved about the fireworks.  This is not our first time in the Dominican - the first time we stayed at the Paradisus (MUCH better, more of a 5 ** than this place). However, this hotel was so overbooked that they upgraded us to the Ambar - which was very nice. Didn't have 2 rooms together the first night (we were 3 buildings away from the teens) and we had to really be persistant the next day to get adjoining rooms for our son and his friend - we only tipped the man at the desk after he arranged the rooms for us - he was lovely.Like everyone else said - this place is SO big - if you don't mind taking the little shuttle bus or walking - it's not bad. We probably wouldn't go back because we found it just too big for our taste. Most nights we opted not to go and see the shows if we were at the other end of the hotel - just not worth the hassle of getting there. Although, the Michael Jackson Show was entertaining... (that's the only one we made the effort to see). FOOD: The Ambar buffet was the best restaurant we ate at - too bad it was our last night! All the others were just mediocre to lousy! But food is such a subjective thing - you may find that you like it??!! House wines were not good at all. We were able to order an OK bottle of French wine at the Ambar on our last night.AIR CONDITIONING: Worked wellCLEANLINESS: Our room and bathroom was clean and spacious. Bed was comfortable.BEACH: The real reason to go to Punta Cana is for the beach! It is really long with soft white sand. If you like to walk along the beach it's great - you can go on for miles! There are palm trees on the beach and little palapas too so if you'd like to have shade, you can find it. After the first day when it rained the water cleared up and didn't have any seaweed or algae. it was refreshing and warm. Didn't have many problems finding chairs - however one of the members of our group would go down in the early AM to set aside chairs for us....WEATHER: The weather was rather pleasant - there was always a breeze - I think it must've been in the high 70's F to low 80's (somewhere in the mid to high 20's C). Our first trip was in March and there is quite a difference in weather from Jan to March...The only unpleasant incident we had was when I tried to get 2 beach towels from the Ambar towel attendant at the pool. Our maid had mistakenly taken our beach towels to be dirty and didn't/couldn't replace them. In order for me to get 2 clean towels I would have had to put in a complaint with Guest Sevices against our maid (which I would never have done, she was wonderful!), go back to our room, and wait for 2 clean towels to be delivered!!!!!! Long story short (I decided to erase all the unnecessary details) even after speaking with the manager by phone there was no way I was going to get those towels!!!!!!!!!! A nice gentleman with a walkie-talkie who I assume was either a Manager or Superintendant asked me to wait a moment - he somehow retrieved 2 dirtly towels for me which allowed me to exchange them for 2 clean towels!!! Gheesh, one would expect to have better customer service when tourism is the biggest industry in the country - well, anyway..... The only reason we went here was because we were joining friends - I probably wouldn't choose to go back here if it were just our immediate family.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	2	2	

<Author>ermaka
<Content>Luxury and Relaxation       The ship wreck in front of the hotel  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>siggyOntario
<Content>ok we arrived at our room to find out the 2 keys not working bellboy got maid to let us in ,told us to go to lobby to .get new keys .we asked for a room with double beds for our 22 and 18 yr old daughters they got 1 bed. went to lobby to get new keys ,only one worked ,they did tell me to come back and they would find a room with double beds which they did .went back to room to find a leak in bathroom ceiling rm 25101. went back to lobby ,said they would fix ,2 days later it stopped .we have stayed at many resorts ,the food was always good,food here is just ok .resort has 5000 people staying here people on top of each other at pool by ocean and on the beach .to top it all off my wife had gold chain and cross stolen from make up case . I read the reviews before we booked and did not believe the negative ones saying these people must be wrong after staying here I am not so sure ,buyer beware  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	5	2	-1	

<Author>alex_austin
<Content>Going Back Again !       Pool 1  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lillikinz
<Content>Loved the Bahia!       Ceremony  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fesque
<Content>quest services poor /some design features poor This is a beautiful resort and location. We arrived about 2:30pm, the check in time was 3:00pm, our rooms were not ready until 4:30pm. We were a party of six booking 2 adults and one child per room. When we finally got to our rooms they were not set up for the child. The suites have a king size bed and a single day bed. After the day bed was made up, there was no cover for the child only a sheet. The king bed also did not have a blanket, only a bed spread. I called the reception for the blankets and extra pillows, It took 2 days before we got them. We called three times to have our bags picked up on our last day. The beds were too hard, especially if you have hip problems. The bathtub is dangerous to get out of , a very large step from the tub to the floor with no bars to help. My husband who is fairly fit , almost fell getting out because the floor was wet and very sippery, he managed to catch himself before he fell. I could not have caught myself and could have injured myself badly.This resort is wheelchair accessible it has ramps in the lobby and all restaurant are accessible. Although I am not in a wheelchair my mobility is poor, and I noticed things that are design flaws for disabled persons. The washrooms for wheelchairs appear to be to narrow to turn a wheelchair around have no bars, the toilets are low, it would be difficult to transfer from wheelchair to toilet. I spoke with a woman who had her mother in a wheelchair and she was generally disappointed in the hotel, because they had not provided her with a room with two beds which are for the disabled and caregiver, explaining there are four suites altogether in the resort, and even though they had booked for a room were not able to get one during there stay.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	5	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>olgazhilaev
<Content>Just OK We stayed at this resort for 6 nights in January and I would rate it a 3.5. I am actually the biggest fan of Tripadvisor, so I read most of the reviews before our trip and I wanted to address a few issues...Good parts:Like everyone else said, the beach is absolutely beautiful. The sand is very soft: no rocks, no sea grass, etc. My husband and I went to the beach every day at 8 am to reserve the beach chairs we wanted but at the end we didn't think it was absolutely necessary - there were plenty of empty chairs even at 10-11 am. Grounds are amazing - there are flowers everywhere, everything is very clean, and the rooms are nice. Note: rooms are not cleaned on a regular schedule. We were woken up at 7 am on our first day by the cleaning staff; however, the room was not cleaned until 3 pm the following day... But that's ok. Activities - very easy to reserve, but see my note below on service. We did catamaran twice, parasailing, kayaking, snorkeling, etc. No problem with reservations, just make sure you reserve your activities one day ahead. Catamaran was awesome, although you have to pay $25 for a lesson, and parasailing was amazing as well! Overall, we enjoyed our trip very much. However, I would not recommend this resort to anyone and I wouldn't go back. Bad parts: Service was absolutely terrible. The language barrier is definitely a problem, and I really thought that the staff had these negative feelings towards guests staying at the resort. Our first bad experience was during check-in: we arrived at 2:30 pm and had to talk to the front desk for 45 minutes to get our room assignments). No champagne, no wet towels, no I am sorry about the wait. Bartenders are not friendly, waiters at restaurants didn't care about good service, etc. We left many tips, but mostly for people who actually did a good job as opposed to just people who expected tips.We also were upset that the resort is not all-inclusive, as advertised. There is no room service, and it is very hard to get reservations for restaurants. We ended up eating at the main buffet 3 days in a row, followed by 3 days of restaurants. Even little things like bathrobes were not incuded. Bars closed at 11 pm. Finally, the worst part is the food. We reserved our restaurants the day we arrived and we were very disappointed. The food was TERRIBLE. Seafood is simply an extension of the main buffet, and Brazilian BBQ is also a buffet. French restaurant served undercooked food and the most disgusting wine I've ever tasted. I really didn't think the food would be a problem, since no one in my family is a picky eater, but please don't think that people who complain about food are just unhappy people - the food is really terrible. Other minor notes:Entertainment was very bad - poorly organized and immature.No activities for kids - the two girls in the mini-club (for kids) had colds when we got there and they weren't even remotely interested in playing with the kids.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>Joanne030
<Content>Great Family Bonding Time We had a GREAT time at Grand Bahia Principe. We left Toronto on Dec. 27/07 and returned on Jan. 3/08. We took our three kids, ages 25, 23 and 19 and our two son's girl friends. The resort was perfect for our group. The food was very good. Even in the buffets, I felt the selection and quality was very good and I like good food. The rooms were very nice and the grounds were beautiful. The beach was great and our kids loved playing volleyball with all the other guests. Our kids really enjoyed the disco too.If I was going back, I would stay at the Ambar, which is the newest part of the resort. It was not offered to us as it just opened three weeks before Christmas. We saw one of the rooms and it was nicer than ours and brand new. Also, if you stay at Ambar you can eat at all the restaurants in the resort. We found the staff very nice but it does help to know a little Spanish. The staff at the front desk are good but they don't always do what they say they will do, so you have to be patient.I would not go on the Country Adventure Trip. We booked it with Sunwing and we were told that it was great but we did not find it to be great and the food was not good at all and it made me sick. We did go on another tour that Sunwing recommended. It was the tour where we went snorkeling and swimming with the sharks, it was amazing and the food was great. Our kids went horseback riding on the beach and they loved that tour too.We have been to many all inclusive resorts and this one was one of the best. We would highly recommend it. I was worried about getting sick and I would have been fine if I had not eaten on the Country Adventure. We did take malaria pills and I was glad as there were bugs at night and we did get bitten. None of us had any reaction to the malaria pills. If you are thinking of going to this resort, rest assured that you will have a great time.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>MGSteve
<Content>Fantastic Resort       The general pool area  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>donna000
<Content>Had a Blast!!! My husband and I just spent a week at the Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro and we had the time of our lives! I am actually kinda picky and I thought the resort was breathtaking! Our room was large and we had a nice bathroom with a jetted tub. The view from our room was lovely. It was quiet- this resort is not for partiers.There were many pools to swim at and the beach was the most gorgeous beach I have ever seen. The resort is large but easy to navigate- with trolleys that run all the time to take you anywhere. The food was good but I must admit I got kinda sick of the main dining hall after awhile. Everything was good- but I just wanted simple food after awhile. The alcarte restaurants were okay- but the french restaurant was outstanding. My advice is to book the alcarte restaurants right when you arrive so you can get in.The service was spectacular- there were workers everywhere and the place was super clean. My advice is to go on the day trip called outback safari where you learn about rural life in the Dominican. It was educational and makes you grateful.The most important thing is to not drink the water(they put water bottles in your room) and lock up your valuables in your room(they supply you with a safe in your room that you pay to use). Have fun and relax!!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fungirl46
<Content>Brilliant holiday       water aerobics  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>A38
<Content>Loved the Copa de Cava.... I travelled to Dominican Republic as a Solo traveller for a week relaxing in the sun.Upon arriving at Bahia Principe Punta Cana which is the sister hotel to Bahia Principe Bavaro same layout etc I was greeted with a local drink... My room was not ready so I headed for a drink at the main lobby bar which was very lively to say it was only 3.30 pm. My first impression of the hotel was very good; everything seemed very well organised and the floors were spotless. I was soon given the all clear to head to my room; a porter took me there in a trolley bus and carried my heavy case up three flights of stairs... My room was very spacioius had queen sized bed and lovely view, I was very pleased. Mini bar was not plugged in but that was the only oversight by the cleaner.The place has such a happy laid back feel to it, nothing never too much trouble. When it rained on the next day I still seemed to enjoy myself; think this was to do with the many tequila sunrise's. Weather was fab for rest of holiday, soon got my barings around the village. Beach very clean, can walk for miles. Lots of watersports...Food: Buffet had wide selection which you have to use 4 nights out of the 7. I also used this at lunch times... Always seemed very busy at main pool near beach so used the pool in middle of resort which was less busy. I liked the French restuarant was very nice Gormet food and service was good too... Went to the Mexican, lacked a bit of atmosphere... Fish restuarant good, nice lobster... Went on Outback safari trip was excellent day out... gives you chance to see how the locals live; visit coffee, cocoa. sugar plantation before boogie boarding on a local beach, well worth getting out and about to see the gorgeous green landscapes. Also worth visiting Spa in resort and having a massage... before heading back home....In all great solo experience met many nice people, felt safe and was happy place to be for a week in my life... Would go back to Dominican again one day and would not have a problem staying here again...  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>rsslltylr
<Content>Best Hol So Far       outside the room  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>smalltownontgirl
<Content>Overall, it was wonderful...... I just returned January 8th, 2007 from a 6 day stay. The rooms were beautiful, the restaurants were outstanding and the resort was kept in immaculate shape. The service could be a little slow, but as long as you keep the mindset that you are on vacation and that the workers on Dominican time, then it will make it a lot less stressful. We had a mixup with our room, which took quite awhile to straighten around and one of the a la carte restaurants was very slow, but overall it was great.There were couples and families there, so would recommend it to all ages.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>beachl0ver
<Content>Great New Years Eve At Bahia Prinicipe!! Travelled to Gran Bahia Principe Dec 27- Jan 3, 2008. Had been there previously February 2007. This time we brought our three daughters 20,17,9. It was a great time to travel with the family, and I could see that there were many people who felt the same way. The hotel was decorated nicely for the Christmas holidays. New Years Eve had a special menu- and it was awesome. Party included a dance show and fireworks. The hotel had hats and noise makers for all. The disco was quite busy that night. I had requested ajoining rooms, as I was incontact with Albania Batista by email prior to arrival, and this was granted. As we were returning guests, there were T-shirts, rum and fruit baskets awaiting our arrival. As previously, the grounds were beautiful, the staff friendly, hotel clean and well kept. The only beef I have is that booking the ala carte restaurants the seating times were either nonexistent or very late. We booked as soon as we arrived!! Two seatings were for 9:45 pm. Who eats that late??I spoke with the guest services manager and he assured us he would change things, but never heard back. Both times we arrived at the restaurants at about 7:oo pm and asked if there was a possibility of being seated earlier, and both times they took as right away!! The restaurants were not booked to capacity, so I don't know why it couldn't have been booked that way to begin with. I started to wonder if the people staying in the Ambar section had priority bookings for the restaurants. Regardless, of that, the ala cartes were enjoyed by all, the buffet restaurant- not so much. Quantity not quality at buffet. I would still return again, however, not for a while, time to try something new.. Punta Cana is a fabulous destination, wonderful people and lovely beach.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>silvert
<Content>Great Getaway- We loved it! My husband and I just returned from The Gran Bahia Principe. We were there from Dec. 27 th to Jan. 3rd, 2008.The Grounds- were gorgeous and very clean.The Pool- was a little cold but it was nice to lounge by the pool all day.The food- We ate at the Garden Grill on New Year's Eve. They had a special menu for that night. It was incredible. A lot of food and very delicious.The Cafe de Paris- We had the filet. We thought it was great.The italian restaurant - the food was good but be careful. On the antipasto bar we saw some bugs. So we stayed away from that. We ordered off the menu and it was good.Overall, we had a great vacation. The service was awesome. Everything was clean. We met a lot of nice people. I would like to go back there when it is not so busy.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AustinTex
<Content>Girls Annual Retreat was a blast! Loved the grounds and beach       Our group outside of the Grill restaurant  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>jeli88
<Content>the walmart of all inclusives Stayed at this resort December 20-27, 2007. We are from Toronto, family of 3 with a 9 year old boy. Have mostly stayed at Paradisus Resorts in Cuba and Mexico. Let me start by saying that for the majority of Americans and Canadians this resort would be fine. For our family it was too big and impersonal for our liking. We also had a bad start as flight delayed 4 hrs got into the hotel at 2 or 3 in the a.m. Preferred Paradisus Resorts which are closer to 5 star in quality of food and amenities. We were in building 37, third floor, about two buildings away from the lobby. Ate at four restos: French/Gourmet, Seafood, Italian and Japanese.Pros: Short ride from airport (30mins), fantastic beach (soft sand  turquoise water, clean good size rooms, good air conditioning and block out drapes, baked goods such as sugared donuts and corn bread, some fish, pizza  hamburgers ok at beach grill, roast turkey at xmas, scrambled eggs if cooked fresh, some desserts, no probs with fridge not being stocked and when I phoned down for more pillows, beer and water it came in about 20 mins. (left small tip for maid most days), no prob finding a beach chair at any time but might have to drag one to where you want to beCons: resort is so huge you need to take a shuttle do go from one end of the resort to the other, runs frequently but who needs the hassle. no coffee at the dinner buffet and no coke at the morning buffet, no hair conditioner, no clock in the room, most food is fried in palm oil, grilled does not mean grilled its fried on a flat grill, have to ask the waiter if you like your coffee hot as their carafes they run around with do not hold the heat, the food is good if you like Applebees or Kelseys at the best (which for about 80% of North Americans is fine), first of all it is a virtual porkfest (slim pickings if you are jewish) and gross if you don't like pork e.g. one selection was called pig pizza, the a la cartes are mediocore at best (like most of the all inclusives they try hard but they could do better), lobster is plentiful but the small carribbean ones which are mostly over cooked and dry, the filet was ok for Applebees, Japanese set up is better at other resorts we've been to (miso soup was vegetable soup), omelets are all ingredients mixed together and not folded over, lack of flora and fauna (not so many trees and the odd lizard running around, no coral nearby for snorkeling, no outside jacuzzi's hot pools, occasional whiff of sewage in the air when standing on balconyto upgrade or not to upgrade?we originally were going to upgrade and backed off when we felt it really wasn't worth it for us. if you want to be nearby the beach (no guarantee of view and it is not oceanfront, only side view )then you should upgrade, you may also get into a two story unit (most of the complex has 3 story units), but remember if you are by the beach you have to take a shuttle all the time to access the main area (buffett, lobby, nightly entertainment and shopping square) and the beach area is noisy, the rooms are all the same size so no benefit there, private pool area is a joke as it it right beside the quieter resort pool and had the same number of people, extra a la carte (no big deal you can usually negotiate extra a la cartes without upgrading), if you like to have your own private lounge and internet cafe so you feel like a special person go for it, oh and you also get room service (which is the only thing we regretted as other 5 stars such as the paradisus chain, room service is standard)tips: stay away from Manati Park, its like a third world zoo with more vendors and peddlars than animals. variety of animals was sparse and boringtry and use a little spanish (polite and useful)bring small bills for tips, conditioner, moisturizer and bug spraycan buy all of this stuff and more at the lobby store so no big deal if you forgetbox of pringles (4$ and change), pack of Marlboro lights (5$ and change)when at guest services ask for extra a la cartes (get them to check cancellations)drinks better if ask for better brands and throw in the odd tip,hang out at the quieter resort pool instead of the main over crowded and noisy onedon't ask for third floor if you don't like climbing stairs or elderlywhen negotiating late check out be firm and creative (we got free checkout till 3p.m. and paid $60.00 to stay until 6:00 p.m. (well worth it)no smoking in restaurants except outdoor beach grillsprobably want rooms closer to main area if elderly or kids otherwise shuttling all the timetry to get rooms away from the main shuttle lines (they go by every 5 mins and emit exhaust fumes)resort is divided into two mirror images (Bavaro a  Punta Cana) separated by main shuttle line with their own separate lobbys and restaurantsso paris and gourmet restaurants  both japanese restos are mirror images that share the same kitchens and offer the same foodits hard to say which a la carte is best due to personal preference(you may like seafood better than filet but may find both at both the Seafood and French/Gourmet)brasilian resto is outside and prone to bugs  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>steffie77
<Content>came home with a nasty Parasite but still a good trip We stayed over Christmas and had a great time. The food was great and the rooms were very clean. The resort was beautiful aswell. My only complaint was that I received a Parasite called shigella from the resort. I became extreemely sick the last two days. When I came home and received treatment Health Canada notified me that people that come home sick with a parasite from the Bahia Principe generally have the shigella parasite. This would mean that a worker at the resort has the parasite and is passing it on(through food, drinks, etc). Other then finding the worker that has the parasite it is going to continue. I did not know anyone else that was sick, however, I did not go with a group.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>WindshearDon
<Content>Beach Lovers' Paradise We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana which is a twin property of the Bavaro and shares most of the same facilities. There is no difference between the two. Our group of seven had two sets of parents and three young adults (20+). We chose this facility based on Trip Advisor reviews, and we were not dissapointed for the most part. The property is huge but is exceptionally well-laid out so you do not have the sense of being crowded. The main buffet has many selections with familiar offerings and local recipies. You will find something that you'll like and also find other things that you may not care for. It seems that most of the food is sourced locally, and generally the beef is tough but the chicken and pork were very good. The seafood is variable with the lobster being mushy. The good news is that no one had any stomach upsets and we all ate well. The Los Olas lunch buffets near the beach are highly recommended.We also ate at three specialty restaurants - Japanese, Brasilian and Meditteranean. The Japanese was a poor rendition of the real thing but had good presentation but mediocre results. The Brasilian was OK, but the service was very uneven. The Mediterranean was very nice but the portions (except the Prime Rib) were small.The rooms are excellent with good air-conditioning and superior appointments. The villas are very quiet and our neighbours were never heard even though all units were occupied. The room safe is $32 for the week and is highly recommended. We were situated by the main pool which was fine for us. None of the villas are poorly located in my opinion.We love to play and looked forward to the sailing, tennis and kayaking...so were a lot of other people. Be warned that the common recreational facilities are by reservation and book up VERY quickly. You have to be there first thing to have a chance at reserving for the next day (or two days ahead for boats). It is advisable to pay $20 for a week's insurance as the waters are quite shallow. Our Hobie Wave catamaran hit rocks on several occasions. The three tennis courts have seen better days but served our purpose adequately.The beach and pools are unbeatable. Lots of room and no need to rush down to reserve a place. Everyone can enjoy shade if they want and the beach chairs seem endless. The pools feature lots of child-friendly areas. The beach vendors do not hassle you.The drinks in this all-inclusive resort are good with friendly service. They will provide a decent shot if encouraged to do so. Otherwise, you will enjoy a sweet, fruity concoction which won't lead to inebriation. The wine with dinner is Spanish and VERY light-bodied with less than 10% alcohol. It probably is a second squeezing as it lacks character and body. The rum is the drink here but the beer is good as well. Don't expect a great GT.The nightlife is varied and starts with a show at 9:45pm. The Michael Jackson show was entertaining and the others were spirited and colourful. Most lasted 45 minutes and had good dancing as the core element. Other entertainment consisted of a Karaoke bar, Disco and Casino which came to life later. There was also entertainment in the plaza that varied nightly.The grounds are kept in outstanding condition and service was always friendly and helpful. Provide a few tips to those who offer superior service and you'll get even better service!There are numerous excursions in the local area, but we preferred to do the beach thing. All in all it was an enjoyable holiday that was worth the expense.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>OntarioLuLu
<Content>Good but not a 5. My husband  I along with our family (which included our three year old grandson) just returned from the Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro. The resort was lovely and well kept. The rooms were all junior suites and very clean but the beds were very uncomfortable so getting a good nights sleep was a little difficult.Even so we , for the most part , enjoyed our stay very much.At one point or another all of us, with the exception of one, had gastrointestinal problems. For some of our group a dose of immodium took care of it but I personally suffered with it until after I got back home.We were allowed to reserve four of the several a la carte restruants. The Brazillian was the first of our reservations.Stay away from it. The food was not very good at all. Everyone at the table had something different and all found the meat very tough and over done. I, a vegetarian, had nothing because everything on the menu contained meat.Our next night out was Mexican. A little better but not by much.Again, nothing on the menu for a vegetarian.Our third night was French. Everyone at the table enjoyed their meal but some left the table hungry  went to the main buffet dining room to fill the empty spots. I, again, found nothing on the menu suitable for a vegetarian.Our last reservation was at the Italien resturant. Everyone enjoyed their meal  I was able to order a veggie pizza. Horray! I was finally able to eat  enjoy a meal with the family.Our meals at the main buffet style dinning room offered a great variety of food and there was always plenty of it but it was often cold. Breakfast wasn't to bad if you had an omlet te made up for you on the spot but everything else could have been a little warmer. Not a problem for me as I usually ate fruit  a bit of toast but a problem for everyone else.The Resort is very big, almost a village it's self, but there were open air cars to transport people from one end of the resort to the other.Service at the resort was pretty good and the staff friendly. Try to learn at least a few phrases in spanish because you will definitley find them useful.If you looking for something smaller and more intimate this is not the place for you. In a week we didn't see the whole resort.The beaches were great and if the beach is not your thing there were several pools with swim up bars on the property.Would I go back again? Maybe. Would I give it 5 stars? No.A definite 4 but not a 5.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>cheeky411
<Content>loved it we have just spent Christmas and New Years here, had a great time! we are a family of 4, kids are aged 7 and 8, they never even made it to the kids club as the were so occupied with the pools or beach,We found most staff very friendly esp the pool bar workers, food was good found the garden grill and gourmet the best , buffet was plentiful,Maids were friendly and left petals etc in the room. Extremely clean resort!On the whole had a great time,  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>ACMC75
<Content>Excellent vacation - highly recommend We stayed at the Gran Bahia for 4 nights - a quick vacation from NYC but totally worth it. I read reports on TripAdvisor on so many hotels, and all the rave reviews of this hotel were right on.I would describe this resort as classy. We did not go to the disco or shows so I can't report on those. But I was glad that it was not somewhere with a party atmosphere. It was relaxing and elegant. We walked around to neighboring resorts and we felt that the Gran Bahia was the prettiest of all of them.Highlights:1) Incredible Grounds - landscaping was beautiful. And spotlessly clean all the time. Even after a rain, people were there picking leaves off the sidewalk. Spotless.2) Pools - the pools were perfect place to relax with a good book, get some sun and a nice swim up bar.3) Lobby - a beautiful place to relax in the evening with a drink.4) Beach - long, white, sandy, safe. The beach here is better than neighboring hotels because it is very large. The sand part extends far back into the palm trees, so there is plenty of beach to sit on, even if you are not right next to the water. Other hotel beaches were much more narrow.5) Spa - had several treatments and loved it.6) Restaurant choices and decor - loved the decor in all the restaurants. The food was very good - not incredible though.We went to Japanese, Italian and French. Book as soon as you get there as reservations fill up fast.4) Rooms: Every room has a balcony. The marble bathrooms with jacuzzi tub are amazing. Very nice rooms, I was impressed.Other things to note:1) They did not have well organized fitness classes or activities, which I missed. Never knew what was going on and when unless you stumbled upon it. They could use information boards or something like that.2) They do not serve premium alcohol as part of all inclusive. Must pay extra. THey do have a fun drink of the day and one night there was a special bartending show set up in the lobby with flaming drinks.3) I would recommend paying the extra Money to upgrade to Club Diamond (or Gold Club). You get to use a private pool and you get lunch in a private restaurant. We thought these lunches were some of the best food we had. I think this was $30 a day?4) In some posts people talked about how large this hotel is. We did not find this to be a problem at all. When we were there it was not crowded at all. And walking from your room to the lobby or beach is great exercise in a beautiful setting. From one end to the other is probably a 10 min walk.This is a wonderful resort - especially for the price!!!If you have a little more money to spend I recommend checking out the Gran Bahia Amber which was newly built next door. It is adult only, has premium restaurant and other amenities and personal service.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>efke
<Content>Too Large for Personalized Service. Terrible Food, terrible service We stayed at this resort over the Christmas holidays from December 21 to December 28, 2007 鈥?room 65109. The hotel lobby was very nice and clean - check in went very smoothly with no hitches. Staff was polite at check in. We were given a map and that was it. No schedule of activities, no information on booking reservations in restaurants. The extra things that you paid for as part of your package. For us, thank God we had trip advisor. We had done our research.This hotel has several sections and not all packages are not allowed to enjoy all of the amenities. You just wander into a pool area and someone comes up to you and tells you to leave. I saw it happen to several guests. Some instructions at check in can prevent this.Ok - good things then. Property - The property is quite nice. Landscaping is good (not breathtaking) and the resort is kept very clean. This is a big plus given that there are almost 70 buildings at this resort, each with about 18 rooms each. We did a back of the napkin calculation and came up with about 7,000 people at this resort at full occupancy over the Christmas period. They kept people waiting to eat on Christmas dinner night and had to send folks to the upgraded Premier area just to accommodate them, a real nuisance for those who actually paid for the upgrade.Beach - The beach and ocean are just beautiful. The ocean is beautiful and very nice to swim in - no shells, no rocks - just beautiful miles of white sand. This was the biggest plus on this vacation. There is plenty of shade on the beach BUT to get a lounge chair, you had to be out there to reserve one with your towel by 8am in the morning. A real downer for vacationers. The beach also allowed topless so there was a lot of that.Rooms - The rooms were comfortable and very clean. We stayed in the AMBAR section as an upgrade. Bed was average (no Westin beds here) but comfortable. Air conditioner worked great. Bathroom was nice and clean with rain head showers. Lighting was terrible in the rooms. I would say the rooms and furnishings are about 3 Star level.Now for the areas needing improvement (lots of it)Food - At about 7,000 people, the place starts to feel like a campus instead of a resort and the food takes on a cafeteria quality. The food was terrible and often cold. The cooks were very sloppy in preparing your meals (e.g., omelettes etc). You could not trust the salads; they always had lots of water at the bottom of the pan. We found that the food at the beach was much much better and was at least warm. We had roast chicken, burgers, and fries on most days. Those were the only hot items. You have to love pork to enjoy the DR. There is lots of it and not too bad either. We wished they had more local food - maybe it would have been better prepared. The cooks (not chefs) did not seem to have a clue. If food is important on your vacation - rule out this resort. That said, we did get sent over to the premier section for Christmas dinner due to the overflow. The food was ok there - so I guess if you pay the big bucks, you can get ok food - even if it is not great. We did visit the reserved restaurants and found that they just had a set menu. Everything is pre-made and just brought out from the fridge to the table - cold plate and all. None of the restaurants were great but the French - The Gourmet was better than the others we tried.Service 鈥?There is no personalized service here. You get the sense that the employees here are not happy (or treated well) and it comes through in the service. No one really stretches themselves to provide good service. They are polite but not necessarily pleasant. Here are some examples, when our family and friends tried to call us; they were transferred around for 5-15 minutes before connecting them to our room. While sleeping one night, we heard what sounded like running water. It was our ceiling leaking from the floor above. We called the front desk and after being transferred around at 4am because each person we spoke to said 鈥淭hat鈥檚 not my job鈥? no one ever came to check out the leak. The employees would easily tell you it's not their job to get something done and point you to someone else who says the same. I get the sense the employees are not really empowered here. We were a black family traveling and we also found that we received discriminatory service from the staff, e.g., skipping us in line and taking the white folks behind us or having to call waiters to come and serve our table. There were four of us and we all experienced this at different points of our stay. Apparently, there is some history with dark skinned black people in the DR. There seemed to be less than 20 black people at this resort of about 7000 people 鈥?rather strange. Anyway, we did not let that spoil our holiday but we will not go back there.Getting around the resort - you have to take a shuttle if you don't want to walk (about 5-10 minute walk) to get around the resort especially from the beach to the main dining areas. The great thing is that once you get a hang of getting around the resort, it does not seem so huge anymore.Nightly shows and entertainment - They had the staged shows (as all resorts do) which were very very average and below. They tried to put on French Cabaret and other western shows e.g., Lion King- of course - oddly interpreted. This is like making dinner for a bunch of chefs since most of the guests there were Europeans or Americans. They had a mini-circus one night, which was very good. They would have been better off showing off the Latin culture, which is very rich, vibrant and fun. They also have a nightly live band that does a mix of imitating western ballads etc 鈥?very poorly 鈥?the singers were reading the words while performing 飦?You see, the same set of staff organize the daytime events 鈥?volleyball etc and dance at the show, then sing in the live band, and then dance with guests at the nightclub. Something鈥檚 got to give and it鈥檚 the quality that goes. The nightclub was excellent 鈥?really good music 鈥?meringue, salsa, hip hop, pop, and techno 鈥?something for everyone. We never tried the casino. We missed a lot of the daytime events like beach volleyball and other games because we did not have a schedule until 3 days into our vacation. All in all, we will not return to this resort and probably not go back to the DR. I don鈥檛 recommend Gran Bahia Principe 鈥?not enough value for the money. Of course, this is only one review of many on Trip Advisor and individual experiences do differ.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	5	5	4	1	5	

<Author>TRAVELBUG028
<Content>A great stay at the Gran Bahia Principe My husband and I booked a last minute deal to the Bahia Principe. We had read good reviews about the place, and honestly, we weren't let down.We were quite amazed at how clean the place is kept. There are always staff cleaning the place in the morning. In general, we found the staff to be very hardworking, and willing to help out however they could.The maid cleaning our room was fabulous. She left little flowers for us in the room, and decorated our room with towel art. We left little gifts and small tips for her everyday to thank her.In terms of the food, we advise signing up for your a la carte dinners as soon as you arrive. Our favorite was the Japanese restaurant. However, the Italian was also very good (we usually ate lunch there).We were also very pleased with our stay because, when we asked to get a room closer to the beach, we were upgraded at no extra cost to us, which allowed us to use the exclusive pool, and gave us free internet (10 minutes each) per day. That was great.Also, when one of the staff found out my birthday was coming up, he gave me a free bottle of rum, and a t-shirt. I thought that was really quite nice.In terms of the beach, it was gorgeous! White sands, turquoise water, exactly what we were hoping for.The hotel also put on entertainment in the evening which, although sometimes amateurish, was still delivered with zeal.All in all, we would definitely recommend this hotel. The only negative we would warn you about is that, if you want to buy something like an art piece, do NOT wait until the end of your stay, or, if possible, do NOT buy from the store at the hotel. We had a salesperson try to rip us off which left us really mad. We told our tour rep about the salesperson and he agreed that the people in that store are horrible. They had even tried to rip off our tour guide at some earlier point. They think, because you are leaving the next day, they can hike up the prices to unreasonable rates, and you will pay because you're desperate. How frustrating!In summary, this is a clean, well-rounded hotel. A very nice place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Torontotraveller
<Content>Nice hotel       bath  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HipHopper
<Content>Ringing in new year at Gran Bahia Principe was great! My wife (50), me (56), daughter (18) and son (15) arrived in DR on Dec 28/07 and just returned to Toronto, Canada, Jan 4/08.Stayed in Villa 8, 3rd floor. We had two of the junior suites - left the teens on their own just across the floor from us. Each villa has 2 entrances (some have 2 floors, but most have 3), and on each floor there are 6 suites opening into a square hall. Balconies had small table and 2 chairs. Bathrooms large. AC worked fine, with ceiling fan over bed, and water pressure in shower very good. King bed firm, but comfortable.A very clean, well-manicured resort with lots of garden variety, spacious, modern suites, bar fridge. And considering size and being at full capacity, very quiet for sleeping at night.The theatre had a show in lobby area each night - fun. Our kids went to disco a couple of nights.We were 3 min. walk from large pool, and a few feet beyond it, the beach. We stuck to beach - it had beautiful, clean sand, and no shortage of loungers. Lots of palapas (RIU, next door, had none). My wife saved our loungers with towels by 8:30 , but besides palapas, there were also palm trees for shade. But, anytime, you could get shade, and you can always get sun. Punta Cana is on windward side of DR, and days were always breezy, so lying in the sun didn't raise beads of sweat. Water was nice and warm once you got in, step by step. But, I didn't see many people swimming, me included - just hopping around in the waves to cool off. Waves weren't gentle, except for one day. My wife, a strong swimmer, swam out a bit. Lots of boat action, sailing, kayaking. Boats also went out with scuba divers.Eating - for us, is something we want to enjoy. For the most part, we did.Book a la cartes on first day; the following morning could be too late. We got 2 @ 7 pm reservations, and one at 8. We ate at buffet first 4 nights - including New Year's, which was a special feast, including lobster - but, my wife, a lobster lover, found it a bit too well done. Lots of great seafood at New Year's - and fireworks display in the Pueblo stage area was impressive!Buffets were fine and full of variety, and picky eaters (like our daughter) always found something - but buffets anywhere get a bit monotonous. Ate breakfast at main lobby buffet - for egg and pancake station. But seafood restaurant, by pool and beach, also had buffet - but no egg station.We were happy for the a la carte restaurants the last 3 nights of our stay. Mexican was ok - we had fajitas and burrito. Japanese was very tasty and fun. There are 6 tepanyaki stations, each with a chef, and 11 chairs around the cooking area. You get samples of sushi and tempura, and then, chef sizzled chicken, beef, shrimp, fish fillet and rice in front of you. For dessert, we were moved to other tables, and a new bunch of folks came in for the cooking.But Cafe de Paris was best. Filet mignon was done as requested; my son gave thumbs up. My wife got surf and turf, but again, was disappointed with lobster - too well done equals too mushy. My daughter and I had salmon, which was very good. And for our last night, we ordered a bottle of Mouton Cadet wine - which ran $30. For our other meals, we drank house wine. White didn't appeal to us, but red was mellow, and light-bodied.When booking Japanese and French a la carte reservations with Guest Services (main lobby area) check to make sure whether you're eating in Punta Cana side of resort, or Bavaro. Each side has its own of those restaurants and they are located in both the Punta Cana and Bavaro lobby areas,on either side of the buffet restaurant. Those restaurants share kitchens.The Cafe is in Bavaro side, while Le Gourmet is in Punta Cana side of hotel. We ended up at Japanese in Bavaro side - but didn't realize that until we stepped into the one in Punta Cana side, at which point, we were redirected. Each Japanese restuarant has its own name, but we hadn't noticed that on slip of paper that Guest Services had given us.The resort is designed with a boulevard down the middle running from lobby to beach - with Punta Cana part of the resort on one side, the Bavaro on the other. Down the boulevard run trams picking you up at 5 bus stops. It's only a 10 minute walk from beach to lobby - which, I, and lots of others enjoyed. Lots of folks took trams - which ran frequently. But wide sidewalk next to tram roadway, had lots of walker traffic, as well.The resort is like a village - with lots of people out and about. But, it never felt crowded.Lots of Canadians (English and French, Toronto and Montreal). Some Americans. Heard Italians, Germans, Spanish. Tip: an Air Miles card, or some such card, will work the electricity box, just inside door of suite - if you don't want to leave your door card. But, AC works to cool down room quite fast. Also, door cards don't always open locks with one swipe - it might take 3-4 very quick up and downs in the door lock.Tip: safe (approx $30) has separate card to set 4-digit code, but then you don't use the card anymore. You just enter code, and enter key, and mechanism works. We were confused...No traveller's sickness in our family. I took probiotic tablets - I bought some that didn't need refrigeration - you just took one a day. Purified water was available at soft drink dispensers - at Las Olas snack bars (roast chicken, grilled fish, seafood paella, pasta, fruit and pastry), and pool snack bar by the beach. The seafood restaurant, down by beach pool area (there's also a smaller pool midway to lobby) has larger buffet.Tipping wasn't obvious. We left $3 or $2 for maid, and up to $3 most nights at restaurants (incl buffets) but more on New Year's. Rarely tipped bartenders, but always got good service.Staff was friendly, and spoke enough English words that we were able to communicate. I speak no Spanish. My wife and daughter speak a little Spanish.Tennis courts were well-used, and basketball court, as well. Even soccer field. Gym had about 20 machines (treadmills, bikes, eliptical, rower, some barbells) - good enough, while on holiday. There were joggers out on boulevards, or beach.A fine time. A classy resort.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KasashVictoria
<Content>Great Resort       Gran Bahia lobby  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mycocaine
<Content>Paid for 5 Star, received about a 1/2 Star We arrived on Nov 28th, a beautiful sunset, expecting the most becausewe were there for a wedding.Went to the front desk, nope, go to the Golden desk, found it with minimal difficulty, but found it strange that it is tucked away.The first morning, I attended the orientation briefing and proceeded immediately after to get my reservations for the 4 restaurants. I got the key for the safe, but had to track down a maintenance person to put in fresh batteries, after about 20 minutes, he tells me that only the 1, 2, and 3 numbers on the safe work, 6-9 do not. We went with 3321 as a code, no biggie.SO, the first day came and went, minimal difficulty (trust me), merelymissing artwork on the wall of our room, and a broken shower head.Then it started to fall apart on the second day. We went to our first reservation and they didn't have us on the list despite a receipt withmy name on it. They managed to fit us in... with almost 20 empty tables. That night, we returned to the room, set the wakeup alarm, andchecked to see no new refreshments in the fridge. The air conditioningbroke during the night and we realized we needed a remote.The third morning, I traveled (853 metres, according to my GPS) to theGolden desk, asked for a remote, asked for the A/C to be fixed, and asked for a phone to be fixed. We had a day at Catalina Island and returned to find that the phone did not work again. we soon learned that the cleaning lady was leaving the rear door to our room unlocked every day. There was construction in the Amber area and people could have walked into our room and taken our unlocked items easily. So, we had a daily inspection of our rear door for the rest of the week. We also found that the soap dish in our shower mysteriously disappeared???The fourth morning was supposed to be the wedding reception, but the bride wasn't up to it. We decided to try and cancel our restaurant reservations for the 6th night and get a reservation for this night, as well as complain the phone was still not working. They pulled up our room and found that we had no reservations even though we had booked them, and we had receipts with our name on it. Essentially theytold us we were not booked and there was no room in the restaurants, we would have to return daily to get a canceled reservation. So be it,10 minutes to travel to the lobby area and get something better than the buffet food. That night, the phone still did not work.The fifth day, I made my way to the reception AGAIN to complain about the phone. They told me that they were going to move us finally.Well, that wasn't exactly possible. We had our daily outing to attend again, wishing we had some room service so that we didn't have to run into the Buffet at 7 am, fill our ziplocs up with food and run to catch our bus ten minutes later. On top of this, we had the wedding and all the festivities the next day so we couldn't afford the hours it would take to pack up, move, and unpack. They assured us that the external phone company was coming to fix our lines.The sixth day, wedding day. Returned home, and found drinks were miraculously restocked, no air conditioning possibly because the sensor on the rear door shorted and caught fire (I have pictures), ourtoilet exploded (my girlfriend thought I had put the jets on in the bathtub without any water in the tub), and to top it all off, you guessed it, no phone.The seventh day, we packed our things and vacated the room at lunch. Essentially, you are supposed to call for the busboy service, but thiswas impossible for us. We carried our bags to the tram, threw them on,climbed off and carried our bags to the lobby. I tossed them down in front of the desk to the amazement of the employees who asked why we didn't call for the busboy. I didn't even comment. We cleared out without issue believe it or not, but we did pass by about 20 or so employees on our trip inbound to the lobby without any offer of assistance.So, paid for 24 hour room service, had no phone, therefore couldn't access it. Had to tram it in and out a number of times to complain, toilet exploded, air conditioning broke twice, missing artwork, rear door unlocked every day, lost reservations despite our names on them (I had no problem going to the restaurants as Mr. Sawatsky, Mr. Gibson, and Mr. I can't even spell it, three times), 3 numbers workingon the safe, in a construction area (during the day, we weren't there so didn't mind the noise in our absence), and not to mention the cat calls towards my girlfriend, it was a nice touch.But believe it or not, the beach was awesome and really clean with a great surf, there is a beautiful shipwreck about a mile offshore, and Mimosa's... you can't go wrong with those. Comments, criticisms, critiques, or questions are welcome.P.S. I did everything that my resort representative asked of me and made sure that I documented everything that happened to us. Oh, and on our return home, the doors to plane froze shut, it was a beautiful ending to the worst resort experience of my life.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	3	1	2	

<Author>kristenandleona
<Content>Brilliant Honeymoon We have just returned from a brilliant 15 night honeymoon at this excellent resort. We looked at some of the reviews on trip advisor before we left, and were a little unsure of going as their were alot of negative reviews writtenand after experiencing this place I can not believe that someone could write a negative review about this place. We did however come across your usual ignorant, cheeky, up their own [--] travellers. I will let you guess their nationality but it is not hard to guess were they are from.Well back to the hotel, we arrived the day hurricane Noel was leaving, and didn't even realise it had been until the following day.We didn't see any damage, and that was because the hurricane had hit the north of the island around puerto plata. On arrival to the hotel the rain was pouring, but this did not stop the waiters coming out to great us with our cocktails. We got taken to our hotel room, by one of th little hotel taxis and the staff took our bags up to the room,, and believe me my wifes luggage was not light. I will try and review the amenities point by point.Room- was large, queen size bed, cable t.v, 50 metres from the reception, and 20 metes from the pool, the maid was cleaning it daliy, and re-stocking the mini fridge everyday, brilliant.Food- was excellent overall, we ate in 6 different restaurants, BBQ ( was ok ) French(excellent) steak house(excellent),italian(excellent), japanese(unbelievable), mexican(excellent). The buffet was great, breakfast was good and all the fruit and salad was fresh, lunch was good for snacks and salads, and the evening meal was always something different every night. Entertainment- The hotel has a 2 threatre with 2 different shows running each night, we went and seen the Michael Jackson(twice it was that good), and also caught the circus show, with was also very good. Now you have to remember that the cast in the shows are all hotel employees, pool attendants, waiters, etc. The karaoke bar was very good and there was always a crowd in it blasting out all the golden oldie tunesThe disco was good as well, only down side was that the music was about 70% salsa, but all women love it, so as long as they are happy.The casino was a bit small, and crowded between 9 - 12 pm so best time to go would be any time after midnight, and it stay opened to 4 am. The slot machines are all in spanish, so not good if you don't speak the language. I had a bit of success on the black jack tables by doubling my money, so not bad for a beginner.We only ventured to the beach twice as we both hate sand( dont ask) from what we saw the beach was clean and no vultures hanging about( men trying to sell you over priced goods). We did notice hotel security on the beach, who were patrolling the beach so this may be the reason for not vultures.Where spent most of our trip was by the pool outside our room, the drink was always flowing,the pool attendant had hourly activities, like ( water aerobics, table tennis competitions, bingo) now this doesn't sound like fun, but when you are drunk on pina coladas, cervesa, dirty monkeys, they craic is good. They bar man at the pool bar was named Francisco and after about 5 days we were called his family. He would bring out the MAMAJUANA( everybody has to sample this dominican local drink) they say it cures anything that ends in ache eg headache, backache etc. When you sample this you will understand why. I gave it to my friends at X-Mas ( Messy).Trips- We did 3 trips on our honeymoon, we decided to splash out and spent $700 dollars to go and swim with dolphins at Ocean World in Puerto Plata which was in the north of the Island, we got picked up at 7am and had to get a flight to the north, we arrived at Ocean World at about 11am so it was a long journey there, but the experience was brilliant, the dolphins were amazing and so friendly, we got pick up from Ocean World, and then got a tour of Puerto Plata, this is were we seen the destruction of hurricane Noel, houses ripped apart, people huts flatten, this is when it really hit home, and made you feel lucky for what you got, we were then taken back to airport and flew back to Punta Cana and got back to the hotel at about 10.30p.m. This trip I highly recommended but be aware it is a really long day. A few days later we went on the full day out back safari. This was brilliant we got to see the real Dominican, we drank rum all day along, smoked Dominican cigars and boogie boarded in crystal blue water, I highly recommend this trip. We also went to Samona Island this was brilliant and so relaxing also highly recommendedStaff - The staff at this complex were in one word EXCELLENT. Nothing was to much bother for them. I got to know a couple of the staff while I was away some speak 4 or 5 languages and are really intelligent people, and how some of the tourist treat these people is disgusting. Snapping their fingers, talking down to them, shouting at them, and it is probably these guests that are writing negative reviews, these staff earn approx $300 per month, they work at least 12 hours per day for 14 days then they get 4 days off, then back to work again for 14 days. Now put yourself in their shoes, could you smile at customer's if it was you under them conditions and on that type of pay?, I know for sure I couldn't. So give the staff a break and tip them they will treat you like royality. Tip try and learn sum Spanish before you go, it will help a lot and the staff really appreciate, they also like teaching you some Spanish so don't be shy.UNA CERVESA POUR FAVOR( SPELLING IS PROB WRONG LOL)ONE BEER PLEASE It goes a long way THIS COMPLEX WAS BRILLIANT AND HIGHLY RECOMMENDED  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DiscoOne
<Content>A lesson in mismanagement We booked our trip directly through Bahia Principe, we stayed in the Golden rooms and paid about $460 a night per room,4 rooms times 5 nights. All of the places charge top dollar the last two weeks of Dec., not a big deal.The first thing we did upon arriving was to wait in line for the reservations. Then they told us that we have golden rooms so that we need to go to the golden check-in, they gave me some directions that I did not completely understand but we find it. Then wait in line and were asked to fill out tons of paper work. They already had all of our info: addresses, numbers, why was I doing this on my vacation? Have they ever heard of a computer? Just to get this out of the way, I do not need my ass kissed. I am laid back, like to dance and have fun partying. The check-in was a small inconvenience. But this was the start of 5 days of puzzlement. The rooms, pools and grounds are nice, the beach is awesome, you can walk for miles. Everything else especially the food is awful.We had 9 family members, we were all in disbelief in how a resort could be so mismanaged. The place is huge, almost 2 thousand rooms, figure 5000-7000 people staying at the resort, and who knows how many working there. It is amusing how little communication there is among the employees. They must have 20 different color bands on peoples wrists, luckily we are golden (we paid $$) with a clear band. At first we are told that we can go anywhere, then we are told we have to make dinner reservations but we cannot make them because it is too late for tonight. It is only 3pm and we just checked in, sorry the deadline is 3pm. I try to call from my room and to get reservations for the next night, I will not waste your time, it took 40 minutes I did not have reservations. I was told to visit the golden office in the morning. The golden rooms are near the beach, the golden office is about a mile away inland. You have to take a tram to get there, what are they thinking? I do not want to come across as a snob, but is this how a guy who just booked a $9,300 hotel visit wants to spend his morning, taking a tram to stand in line at an office to argue about reservations. I send my sister, they play a shell game for an hour and finally get some dinner reservations.By now we know why it is difficult to get reservations, they do not want anyone to eat in there restaurants. The food at the buffet is simply awful, they have many choices of awful. Everything is over cooked, all of the deserts look fine, but they all taste the same, just sugar. I am not some kind of food critic, just plain and simple awful food. All around us are people that want coffee or tea after dinner and are told they do not offer any. Why can't they have a couple of pots up at the buffet? All I want is some simple dish that I can stomach. Speaking of the stomach, most of the 9 people in our family spent at least a day or two confined to their room with diarrhea and throwing up. My digestive track was effected but maybe due to the fact that I stuck primarily to the fruit I did not have any bad symptoms. They have signs posted that the water in the room is not potable. I am not a doctor and do not know the reason for so many problems. I have never seen this during previous stays in Punta Cana at other resorts. My brother-in law was the worst, he spent the last two days of our Bahia visit in the bathroom. We flew to Miami after our stay, he was treated at Mt Sinai Medical Center. They put him on an anti-biotic and gave him 7 liters of fluid intravenously. We all lost weight, they should advertise this place as a weight loss clinic. I am sitting on my beach chair and want a diet coke. I would find that the first 3 bars all would have a broken diet coke dispenser, at the forth I wait in line and someone behind the counter pours me a diet coke. I want one the next day and go straight for the place that served me yesterday and they tell me they only serve beer. Want a diet coke after 5pm after a walk on the beach now that the sun is not so hot? You will not get one at the beach bar, over to the pool bar? No, remember they told me only beer. You have to just laugh it off. After a few days you start to feel like a rat being tested in a maze, but you figure out that if you specify exactly the Rum and the mixer you have a better chance of getting a drink that you do not just throw out in the nearest trash (if you can find a trash can). We also found that even with the golden band there were places we could not go, but were told that the Diamond and Ambar band could not use some of our stuff. It was really just ridicules, you have to laugh, they could not even explain all of the differences if asked.I could go on for 25 more pages, I could have walked around the resort every day with a tape recorder and recorded how mismanaged this place is. The real estate itself was built and maintained like a nice hotel in the states, the hotel is obviously run by someone with little or no hotel expertise. This place should be studied by hotel analysis but should be avoided if you are a hotel guest.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	1	3	1	1	2	

<Author>cumbriancouple
<Content>A happy new year Chose this location because we couldn't get flights to any other Carribean location. We arrived feeling a little sceptical having been spoilt by a previous stay at Sandals Dunns River in Jamaica. On arrival we were hugely surprised by the impressive beauty of the complex and the standard of cleanliness. The complex is vast and has all the amenities expected in a hotel of this class, the food in the buffet restaurant was ok and the breakfasts were above average. Be warned book the al a carte options as soon as possible as the tables go quickly. We ate at 4, The BBQ (not that good), the mexican (Ok), the Steak house (Very Good) and finally the Gourmet which was outstanding both in terms of the food and the service.We ventured to the beach on a few occasions and we were amazed at how crowded it was, the sea was choppy but still had that lovely turquoise colour the sand was white and soft (cleaned rigorously every day by hotel staff). The new year celebrations were brilliant this despite a heavy rain shower which threatend to but a damper on it all(15 minutes of fantastic fire works and 3000 people all getting in the mood)All in all this is a nice hotel, staff are friendly and the climate unbeatable. No stomach upsets which was nice.A brief note about Dolphin Island in Punta Cana, we couldn't book through our own tour operator as they has concerns about the safety. We went and have to agree it was but nothing like other swims we have experienced. The Dolphins were nervous and seemed poorly trained, we were butted several times and our kids felt uncomfortable as did we. Our advice dont go!.Would we go back? we are not sure but that is not a reflection on the hotel just our own personal taste which for our sins will always be coloured by The Sandals experience.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>RickK
<Content>Doesn't compare to the RIU resorts Let me preface this by saying...this is not my first time to an all inclusive resort in the Dominican or other countries. So, I have experience and know what one should expect.20 December - 27 December 2007 - booked thru Funjet. Weather was terrific with lots of sun and temps in the 80s(f) with heat indexes near 90(f), only a couple of showers...so the weather was just about perfect. The resort is huge and the rooms were very, very nice (all Jr Suites).Sadly, I have said everything nice I can really say about Gran Bahia. I found out very quickly that uno momento, 1 minute, or 5 minutes basically means I can't help you, will not help you, and will not be back. First day, checked into the room with 2 adults and 1 almost teenager having been up from 2:30AM to make a flight until arriving in Punta Cana around 4PM in the afternoon. Total of 2 towels in the room, no hand towels, no face towels. Called the front desk, called guest services and reported. 5 minutes sir was the reply. It took until noon the next day (4 phone calls, trip to the front desk and trip to Guest Services). Would be fine if this was the only time we could not get towels but it was just the first time. There were several others. There is a mini-bar (actually just a in-room mini-fridge) that is supposed to be restocked daily. Don't hold your breath. It will not be stocked daily. They tell you in the info in the room, and everywhere else for that matter, to not drink the tap water. Nice...but how about restocking the bottle water daily...that would be a really nice touch. I found that the only way I could keep water and sodas in the room was to walk around the complex looking for a housekeeping cart that had those items visible on the cart and take them. Otherwise, I was continually told, uno momento and then later...sorry, could not find any. What? Are you kidding me? Complained to Guest Services...whose famous phrase was Not a problem, we will take care of it! No, it is a BIG problem. Others have mentioned that this is not a 24 hour resort. This is also very disappointing. We have been to other resorts where you can get food that is included in your package up until the wee hours of the AM. Not here. A big difference we found between this resort and what we have experienced elsewhere (mostly RIU resorts) is that the people who work at the resort are just not friendly. At other resorts, it is almost like everyone is there to entertain you and is very friendly. Even when you pass someone who is clipping trees, bushes, etc...they would acknowledge the fact you were there. Here...very few people have a smile on their faces. Tipping - I understand it is they way these folks make their money. Bartenders...they don't get it. They could probably make twice what they do in tips if they would just loosen up and be a bit more entertaining. They just pour you a drink and look at you with the look of Where is my tip?. If you drink rum - it is included in your all inclusive. If you want something besides rum...be ready to pay for it. What a joke. Oh and there is no liquor dispensers in the room. If you want a drink late at night..you gotta get up and go out to get it.The food was substandard even for buffet food. The bacon was almost raw. If you just wanted scrambled eggs...they were undercooked. The food had almost no variation from night to night (something we have found different at other resorts). About the only variation was the desserts. If something was supposed to be sweet...it was over sweet. Oh and if you want coffee with dessert...too bad...can't get it. As a matter of fact...try finding coffee anywhere other than at breakfast. Pretty much does not exist. But, you have a coffee maker in your room...right? Yep, just can't get them to leave you bottle water to make coffee with.You could get burgers and hotdogs out by the pool near the beach and there was a soda dispenser there also. Wasn't working the day we got there...still wasn't the day we left. The burgers were cooked unmercifully hard and the hot dogs were barely warmed, much less cooked. Again, have done all inclusives during the holidays for a number of years now. This was by far the worst experience we have had. Like I said...beautiful resort and great weather. Too bad the little things that should make the holiday pleasant were just missing. In a nutshell...there is a beautiful RIU resort right next door to the Gran Bahia...you might want to consider staying there. The people are friendly and they really do appreciate the fact you are staying at their resort. Sorry for the long post but wanted to state the facts as we found them.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	2	2	2	1	2	

<Author>Live_to_Travel_Ldn
<Content>Fantastic resort and wonderful people My wife, baby son and I have just returned from a week at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana - booked with First Choice. Overall the trip was truly excellent.The room was large and well located (about 2 mins walk from main buffet restaurant and 2 mins from one of the pools). THe resort is huge but don't let that deter you, the staff are extremely friendly - especially with the children.The beach can get crowded but not overly so and the west side of the beach has calmer water than the east.The food was excellent - especially the bufett. THe hotel went all out on Xmas eve to include ice sciptures and a real live nativity scene complete with donkey+goats.With a young baby I would stay away form the a la carte restaurants excpet for the Brazillian Beach BBQ restaurant which is more suited to children (open air and noisier)..There was never a time when we couldn't get food or drinks and the staff were really lovely and very friendly.The pueblo shopping square owned by the hotel was pretty good and stall number 11 did us some great deals (run by a chap from Haiti).Overall I would not hesitate in returning to this resort. It provided excellent value for money and did not disappoint us at all.Book the catamarans early - they're popular and make sure you don't miss the Brazillian Beach BBQ restaurant - this was the highlight of our stay.Also bear in mind that in the Carribean life is slower than in London and you'll enjoy it.Thouroughly recommended.... do tip the staff, there is a big gap between locals and tourists and they appreciate it given the hours some of them work (7am - 11pm).  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Vacation20071219
<Content>Highly Recommended We traveled with 3 adults and 4 children over Christmas of 2007. I can't say enough good things about this resort. The people working at the resort were so helpful and accommodating. We never had to ask 2 for anything.The rooms were excellent. Very clean!!!!! Beds were comfortable.Restaurants were excellent. The buffet always had a wide variety of fresh foods. The kids absolutely loved it. The individual restaurants were good. We went to the French Restaurant and Brazilian Barbeque.There were always lots of activities for the children and adults during the day and evening. The people that worked on staff to run these activities were very entertaining and did a great job.There is nothing that I can say badly about this resort. We really had a good time and I would highly recommend this resort.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>XMurphy
<Content>Great time at Gran Bahia! We had a great vacation at the Gran Bahia Principe in early December. The resort was gorgeous... beautiful landscaping great pools and beach, relaxing open lobby for drinks at night. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We had a wonderful time relaxing at this great resort. The beach/water was beautiful, although we spent more time enjoying the pools and swim-up bars. Rooms were clean, bathrooms were nice with a large tub complete with jets. We mostly ate at the buffet because we didn't want to have to bother with reservations or going to dinner at a certain time. We did eat at the seafood restaurant one night and enjoyed the dinner (the calamari to start was great and we both had lobster enchiladas). Overall, we had a great vacation and would return to this resort.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>dougnjules
<Content>Anniversary Paradise       The Japanese Restaurant, my husband became chef for 5 mins.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Blondie031
<Content>Feel Deceived To say the least we were very disappointed in this resort for our 25thAnniversary. What we experienced was very misleading according to our agent  brochure.24 hour all-inclusive does not mean 24 hours. Pool  bar close at 6 pmat the latest, all bars  restaurants throughtout the resort open  close at all different times, therefore again no 24 hour all-inclusive.Upon arrival we changed rooms twice from our original room, due to having paid for an upgraded room which was supposed to be close to thebeach, but nowhere close  overlooked a beautiful construction sight with constant traffic. Brochure does not mention formal dining  dress code. We were turned away from one alacarte rest. for only having a pair of dress shorts, but did see ratty holey frayed blue jeans  sweat pants entering with no problem. If you are looking for a fine dining experience, this might appeal to you, but I would still question the quality of food  service. Although the servers appear to be helpful  understand, very few could comprehend or understand, or speak English,  our Spanish islimited, so therefore very frustrating for both parties. Although not our problem, if you must have knowledge of what you are eating or how it is prepared for any medical/allergy reason DO NOT EAT HERE! Chef  waitors do not understand, even when translated. If this is fine dining I want no part of it.In celebrating our 25th our agent told us we would have 5 alacartes. We tried booking them at time of check-in, we had absolutely no choices whatsoever as rest. - told almost all booked solid. Diamond Club rep was able to squeeze us in at French, Italian, Steakhouse  Seafood. French was a huge disappointment - horrible, cold food, Italian - looked at menu  cancelled, Steakhouse - the steak was just okay, but potato, veg, tomato, onions were all cold. People all aroundus said exactly the same of their food - mostly cold. Butter would not even melt on the potato. Dessert was excellent, particularily the bread pudding WITHOUT whiskey, but with cream - delicious. Seafood -was supposed to receive a special dish of lobster tail, BUT the lobster had the you-know-what boiled out of it - so tasteless  tough, absolutely no flavour whatsoever - terrible. We were surprised  disappointed,  misled that the lobster  crab would be served in abundance, when actually I don't think they even had crab,  lobster unless a special order or in a tiny bit in a salad. When we were booking the alacartes we were told there were no reservations available, but we observed that ALL alacartes rest. were NEVER more than half full at any time. 100% of people we met said exactly the same thing. Therefore in upgrading to Diamond, paying for Diamond in advance which includes 3 or 5 alacartes, you do not neccesarily get them ! Nor can you repeat in any of the rest. during your stay. The resorts policies seem to change from guest to guest,  depending on how well they understand what you are trying to explain to them, whatever your situation happens to be at that particular time.We found the safes are rented for anywhere from 21 to 35 US dollars. If they do not work, you have to sign your life away with proof of your idenity  apparently no less than three staff managers must sign the refund requisition in order to get your money back, which could take the duration of your stay.A non smoking room is NOT available at this resort, although we requested this our agent did not tell us that, nor does it state this in the brochure.The main lobby we found to be extremely smokey of cigarettes  cigars,most every evening. Unbearable at times.The well stocked mini bar in an upgraded Diamond Club consists of 4 bottles of pop, 1 water bottle,  two cans of beer daily. This is ALL-INCLUSIVE  WELL STOCKED?? We were unsuccessful in obtaining any more or different varieties. We were not short on giving out tips, which were usually anywhere from2 - 5 US dollars for bars, along with cash  non monetary gifts to housekeeping ( baseball cap  toiletries, school supplies, each  every day of our 7 day/night stay).Seems face cloths are in short supply at this resort, as one day it took us more that 12 hours to get one facecloth.As for the all inclusive activities, they are very limited due to the size of the resort, with 1824 rooms, about 4000 guests we were told, therefore access  reservations unworkable.You have to request most of the upgrades, as they don't seem to be offered, like the towels, bathrobes,  alarm clock.We were led to believe that the upgrade to the Diamond Club was the top ungrade, when in actuality there is higher, the Premier  Golden.We found the atmosphere is be rather drab, as there was very little music during the day, other than lobby washrooms (Christmas music up to New Years eve). We observed many buses being greeted with a beverage, dancers, with pre-arranged keys  bellhop. We experienced non of these.We think we are a pretty easy going couple having travelled many timesbefore to all inclusive resorts, but we found this resort displaying incompetent management with friendly but NOT a full comprehension of the English language. The most common reply to any issue seemed to bewe are fully booked  that's all we have  from our rep, take it orleave it.Needless to say will will not recommend this resort to anyone, nor will we ever be back, especially when there are so many other beautiful, well managed resorts available in the Caribean where you GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR,  isn't that what is all about, for with no hassles.I should mention this, we were told by Punta Cana airport staff on departure because we were 14 lbs over the weight limit we had to pay $130 US when checking in. They weighed our check-in baggage  carry-on. Our carry-on bags were not checked on departure from Canada. After much Spanish between 4 people, in the end we had to pay $100 US, received no receipt. The five $20, bills were hurriedly grabbed frommy hand, as if trying to hide this transaction. Fishy - I certainly think so !  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bmarr
<Content>see review in forum see my review in punta cana forum  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JulieRochester_NY
<Content>Language barrier Resort was great. HUGE! When I asked for an iron though they sent me two bottle of Brugal Rum instead. So much for ironing!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>jcspecial
<Content>Straight shooting review on the Bahia Principe We have just returned from the Gran Bahia on December 30th.My wife and I are 47 and 52 and my daughters are 21 and 19. Although from Thunder Bay ON CAN, we flew from Minneapolis with Sun Country due to the fact that it was much cheaper. Flight was uneventful, brand new aircraft,friendly staff. We have been going for Xmas holidays the last 5 years and have been to Puerto Plata,Aruba,Cancun,and Mexican Riviera.Airport was quick with the luggage.The drive to the hotel was quick and drove through small little towns. Checkin was fast and no problem.The rooms were fantastic, we were in the adults only section.The buffets were great with lots of variety and friendly staff.The restaurants were good with some better than the other, just like the restaurants in your home town.The beach was great with lots of chairs although there were lots of people.Weather was fantastic and only rained for a few minutes one day.You didn't get harassed like you did in Puerto Plata by the venfors.Shows were entertaining,bars were aplenty with friendly staff,room service was great.Checkout and ride back were no problem. Overall, I would go back and recommend this resort.Bring a cheap DVD player-there are hookups on the TVs-buy the upgrade to Golden or Diamond (worth every cent)-if you're buying from the vendors, never pay more than 35%-50% of asking.Learn some Spanish-it won't kill you to learn words like coffee,thank you,please,hello etc.Just think if you were working in a restaurant in Anytown, USA and someone was ordering coffee in Spanish-you would say can't they even learn the basics!! Same thing here. Email me anytime for staight forward answers.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tcook052
<Content>A wonderful winter week at Gran Bahia Principe       Modern art sculture  fountain in main lobby  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Wildhogs
<Content>Kids  Travelled with Sunwing to Punta Cana. Great charter. Half decent food served on the plane. Liked it better than Air Canada. We travelled from Dec. 7-22/07.Arrival was fine. BEWARE- we got charged $20 upon entry into Punta Cana by a customs officer. We knew we were getting taken by the customs person but what can you do? Do NOT pay $20 to enter the Dominican. The ride to the hotel was fine. A nice air-conditioned bus with seatbelts and curtains to close if you wanted to nap. It was about a 30 or 40 mins. ride to the Gran Bahia. Once you arrived you were greeted with a fruit punch and escorted off the bus. We arrived about 3 hours prior to check-in and our room was not ready but that was OK as we and our two children (aged 7  3) walked around the complex to see what was there. It was warm  hot and the kids only wanted to go into a pool.Our room was ready by 3;30pm and we were promptly taken to it in the little bell-hop tram. We stayed in villa 34 with two double beds. I must say the double beds were extremely hard and we asked for a different room the next day. We were moved to a room with a king size bed instead in villa 6. The boys slept on the couch  it all worked out fine.The rooms were always clean and made up while we were at the pool/beach. We were very impressed with how clean everyting was. The restaurants were clean and we never noticed any smell that some people refer to. My husband can smell something nasty a mile away and he never said anything about a moldy smell in the resort or rour hotel oom.Buffet was half decent and the a la carte restaurants were fine. Our favourites were the Garden Grill, and the two French restaurants by the lobby.The entertainment at night was great. The Michael Jackson show was quite impressive. Our kids were in the mini-club and were on stage for the Lion King show. The animation team did a great job of working with our 7  4 year old and they had great make-up  costumes for the show too.As for pool chairs, my husband went out around 8:30am or 9:00am to hold our two favourite chairs and we were usually there by 10:00am to sit by the pool. We never saw people running for chairs and saw empty chairs around the main pool even at 11am and 12pm. We couldn't figure out what people were getting so upset about pool chairs. There were always some around us that were empty all day long. We sat at the far end of the pool where the kids pool was and we never had issues. Nor did we have issues with chairs on the beach. We could always find one or two to sit on while the kids played in the ocean.Our children loved the mini club. They begged us to let them go every day and we had to beg them to stay with us for some family time too. The kids they met were great. I would highly recommend this hotel to anybody and even my children said they would tell people to come here. They especially loved going on the tram. I don't think there is anything bad we could say about this hotel. All staff of this hotel, including the grounds keepers, were friendly, courteous and nice. A simple hola made people smile and respond positively. If you can take a few Spanish words with you they appreciate it very much.The Animation Team did a great job and if you didn't want to be bother a simple, no, gracias, would send them off to somebody else.The staff at the Front Desk or Guest Services were always happy to make sure we were happy if we had any issues, Tipping at the buffet and bars are recommended. Not that anybody expects to be tipped but it is always nice. Our bartenders by the kids pool section was always willing to get our orders right away even for $2 or $3 each day. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anybody and we are already looking at going back again next year.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Hp8989
<Content>A Paradise Resort !!!!! Excellent loved it       one of the pathways  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Switzercat
<Content>Travelling with a toddler       At the beach  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kenandpaul
<Content>The Staff Made us Feel Like We Were Returning home!!! We are a couple in our late 30s and 40s who travel extensively in the carribean 3 to 4 times a year. We are however very partial to the Punta Cana area and its people.PLANNING THE TRIP: We are very pleased with the personalized service that we recieve when we book with itravel2000. We have our own travel agent --Robyn who is extremely knowledgeable about the industry and is always on the lookout for great deals for us in our prefered travel destinations and resorts. We recommend her to all of our friends and work associates and think that she is a super asset to the company!SKYSERVICE: Wow! The expereience with Skyservice can not be described as anything short of nightmarish! You start by being squished into very small seats that leaves a 5'11 person's knees impelled into the seat in front of you. You are served a tinfoiled wrapped sandwich along with a snackbar and a tiny cup of water ---not even the trays are being used any longer. The accomadations left you feeling like cargo or cattle at best. I must howver recognize the attendants as being very personable and pleasant.One major problem we encountered with SKYSERVICE was during our departure to Punta Cana. We arrived at our gate 3 hours early and were pleased to see our plane was already at or gate ---no problem leaving on time. Well never assume anything. We boarded our plane 15 minutes late because one of the flight team was late arriving. But what is 15 minutes we thought. Onto the plane we went and wedged ourselves into the seats preparing for 4 and half hours of discomfort. As the plane started to backout of the spot we suddenly stopped. When we hear an announcement that we were expereienceing a small mechanical error ---only ten minutes folks. The ten minute problem was fixed in 1/2 an hour the paper work however took another hour and a half. Argh. I wonder why since the plane was there 3 hours prior to departure that the mechanics were not checked out? Why do passengers have to arrive so much earlier than crew? THE RESORT: This was our third trip to this amazing resort and we will be returning again in March for another 2 weeks. Prior to writing this review I was trying to pinpoint what makes this resort as expectional as it is and I have decided that the aspect that makes the Gran Bahia exceptional is the staff.Since we arrived almost three hours late it was the wee hours of the morning and we did not recieve check in on the bus as normal. However Miguel was there to greet us when we arrived at the front desk with all of our paperwork and club diamond information. Check in was quick efficient and professional. Unaware to him we had made special room requests prior to arrival ---that being a kingsize bed. When seeing two men arrive he did check his bed accomadation chart to see what type of bedding was being offered and quite politely asked what type of bed we prefered. We told him king and he simply smiled and said that was arranged perfectly for us. This was handled in such a professional manner ---better tahn it is handled in some North American 5 star hotels.The staff at Club Diamond are exceptional and they are lead by an extremely professional Martin Veron. He leads his team with grace and confidence. His English Langguage skills are perfect. He and hi team do everything in their power to make your stay in the Club Diamond section everything that you would hope that it could be.The staff at the Italian Restaurant are like family to us. We ate breafast there everyday as well as lunch. We really like the club diamond section because of having this restaurant for breakfast and the alacarte lunches. We were greet on the first day with big hugs and kisses from all of the staff. Then throughout our stay they simply could not do enough for us and they gave us big hugs when it was time for us to leave. Certain names that standout were Isias, Leanarda, Claudia, Juddy and Ramon.This special ad welcoming treatment was not just at the Italian and Club Diamnd office but it was also available in all sections of the resort. Waitsaff and bartenders remembered us and would greet us with big smiles and I remember you!As I said this service is what makes returning to a hotel exceptional.The rooms were comfortable and kept very clean. We always had a fresh supply of towels avaiable and facecloths! Our room was made up most morning as requested. Our only complaint about housekeeping was our evening service was not a great as normal. Sometimes when we arrived back after 11pm our bed was not turned down or fresh beach towels were not always left. However this is something that I can overlook occasionally.The food was incredible. We loved the food at all of the alacartes. We found that te cook to order meats were cooked perfectly. We eat our food medium rare and always found it prepared that way. We found the lobster exceptional. Our only disappointment was that the italian restaurant has a new head chef that has removed the truffle oil pasta and replaced it with a mixed seafood pasta special ---we ordered it but it was not to our taste ---it was not bad just not to our taste. Claudia seeing that we did not finish our pasta would not accept that we would leave without ordering something different. We hhad the lassanga split in to and were very happy. On nother evening we had the lobster served on pasta ---amazing!I must address some of the comments made by others and express my opinions. The resort is huge but divided into sections. We stay in the club diamond section and feel as if we get very personalized service. If you read the reviews on this site and do your research prior to booking you should know ahead of time that the resort is huge. Smoking---yes smoking is permitted but we never encountered a problem with it. The rooms do not have a smoky smell. There never was a problem with smoke in restaurants and in the lobby bar there is a non-smoking section.Beach Chairs. We were there December 15th to December 22nd and were impressed with the number of chairs available. We found that to the left of the resort walking towards the Majesticthat pappalas(spelling??) were available well aftern 11:00aM IN THE MORNING. Furthermore, we are the type of couple that enjoys baking in the sun and sleeping. We were asked once by th animation team if we would like to join in and replied with a polite no thank you and were neverbothered again. Mold--we have stay in three different room and have not encountered any mold. We request a third floor room.The smell in the buffet. The smell i not sewage. The smell is caused by the indoor garden and the heat that mixes with the soil. If you visit a greenhouse such as Edwards Garden in Toronto you will expereience the same scent. Don't sit close to the indoor gardens.Lack of English. It is a Spanish speaking country. Most waitstaff and bartenders can speak english. Front desk staff and management are fluent. Housekeeping and grounds keepers are not.The grounds are lush and continue to grow. The resort is kept impeccibleFinally, this resort has their routine down pat. It is a place where you can go and eat well, spend many hours baking in the sun and bobbing in the beautiful ocean.This resort is amazing and we would not hesitaie to reccomend it to even our pickiest friends.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>justbeachy07
<Content>Four Thumbs Down - Unless...       One of two lobby bars  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>1	3	3	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>packed_bags
<Content>Reasonably Satisfied Just returned from a one-week stay. Our family of four takes all-inclusive vacations often (usually twice per year) in PV, Mazatlan, Cancun, Mayan Riviera and Puerta Plata and so we had a number of properties to use as comparisons. We had two other join us on this trip and they were all inclusive newbies. Most things about this property are very good:1. The grounds are beautiful and the rooms are clean and spacious (Yes - there was a musty odor at times but we have found this to the be case in almost all tropical locations.)2. The beach is absolutely wonderful. There are many palapas and palm trees to provide shade and lots of beach chairs. You do have to get up early to find a palapa but it was usually possible to find a spot with some shade from palm trees if you arrive later. The water is warm and rock free. If you head left (when facing the ocean), just past the end of the hotel property there are a few spots for snorkeling that are quite close shore. We were able to see many colourful fish.4. The food at the main buffet is quite good and there is lots of variety. One of the people in our party is a fairly picky eater but was always able to find a variety of things to eat. Typically we have found desserts at the all-inclusives to be quite poor but this wasn't the case here.5. The resort is very large. There are many options for food and drink throughout the resort. The main buffet is open for all meals. The seafood restaurant (close to the beach) serves a smaller buffet for breakfast and lunch and there is also a snack bar. There are many a la cartes. The lobby bar is a beautiful spot and they serve pretty drinks. There is a square just outside the main entrance (this is still hotel property) and there is an outdoor stage with a live band from 10 - midnight (with bar service), a karoke bar, a casino, a disco and some shops and vendors.But there were a few things we didn't like about the resort.1. The resort is very large. Although there are many restaurants and bars the hours of operation are quite staggered so depending on the time of day you may find yourself having to go quite a ways for a drink. The pool bars close at around 5:00 and often our dinner reservations were quite late (9:00 pm) so if we wanted to have an early drink, we would have to go all the way to the lobby. This was a little inconvenient as often we just wanted to grab a drink and enjoy it in our room before heading out to dinner. The lobby bar closes at 11:00 so if we wanted to sit outside and have a coffee/drink after our dinner, we would have to head out the square. On the positive side the shuttle bus comes frequently so there was rarely much of a wait.2. We were most disappointed in the quality of the food in the a la carte restaurants. We had four reservations Cafe de Paris  Le Gourmet (same menu), the Japanese and the Seafood. My son and his girlfriend also tried the Mexican. With the exception of the filet mignon at the Gourmet restaurants all of the meat was very overcooked. This was especially true of the Seafood restaurant. Having been to many all inclusives, we understand that the quality and variety of meat of other food may vary and we do not expect to have five star quality however, this was probably the worst a la carte experience that we have had. This was surprising given all of the positive reviews that we had read prior to our trip. Also we ate breakfast in the seafood restaurant once and everything was ice cold. This did not seem to be a problem during lunch so I'm not sure if this is typical.Overall the experience was positive but we likely won't return because dining in the a la cartes is something we really value and we know that you can expect better from an all-inclusive. On the other hand, our two newbies loved the experience so I don't want to be too harsh in this review.One last thing - I hardly saw anyone tipping at this resort which was quite sad. These people work very hard - our favorite bartenders were there every single day of our seven day vacation and this included Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. You will probably get the same great service whether you tip or not because it doesn't seem to be expected but I'm sure it improves the quality of life for these people.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sylvain27
<Content>Great but the magic is gone for returning travellers We are back from a 2 week vacation at the Gran Bahia Punta Cana from December 8th to 22nd. We went there last year on the same period and since the birth of my second daughter two month ago, we choose to go back again into a known territory. Everything went super well even with a 2-month old baby and a 5 years old little girl.The GBP is an excellent choice and a very clean resort. Even after the tropical storm OLGA, the staff worked like crazy to cleanup the water and small debries every where. The storm took part of the first week, but the second one was sunny every day.As a second time traveller, there is no more excitement or discoveries to be made. There is not really anything new, it look like they stick to their formula, nothing more or else. This may applied to other resort also... this was probably our first and last returning trip to a same place.Otherwise, this is an excellent choice for a great vacation.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>albraed
<Content>It Stinks This hotel has major smell problem.Firstly, mold problem is very bad. Our room was on the ground floor and mold was visible everywhere, especially in the bathroom and it smelled pretty foul. Our clothes smelled very badly even after 2 weeks that we came home, so that I had to wash every piece of it. Room was pretty ,so.Secondly, their trams spewed so much fumes that we had to use back alleys in order to breathe and don't think that you can avoid those trams. Hotel claims to be ECO FRIENDLY - right and I visited the moon.Pool is good. Food is OK, except japanese restaurant - its beyond bad.All and all its a 2+ star place and not a quarter star more. If you don't believe, try it and I'll welcome you to the growing number of suckers. I believed the other perfect reviews and was cheated of pleasurable vacation.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>1	2	-1	3	1	4	1	3	

<Author>essexholidays
<Content>great holiday fantastic place we spent two weeks at this resort and it was a lovely place booked through first choice,flight over we found that the cabin crew were not very helpful.we had transport from the airport which took only 20-30 mins,your rooom is already allocated for you on the coach so no waiting around at the resort to get booked in.the room was very nice very clean,tidy,with clean towels every day our maid was very nice and made our stay even more better.the buffet was very good with plenty of choice,meats,fruit,etc something for everyone. the lobby was a really nice place to sit and have a nice drink and all staff were very helpful.you dont have to wait long for your drinks.the pools were beautiful,clean and well kept,with a swim up bar so you order your drink and just sit there and take in the lovely surroundings.we did find that you had to get your towels out by your sunbeds by 7.30-8.00 as these went very quickly.you also need to book your al lecarte meals when you first arrive as these tend to get booked up quickly to.we watched a few shows at night the michael jackson is very good,plus the lion king as well.after 11 you have the karake bar,piano bar,disco and even a casino so plenty to keep you going till the early hours.we ate at the mexican which didnt think much of,grill house was very nice,gourmet was my favorite tho,italian wasnt up to much either. the rsort is big but after a few days you get use to it the map of the resort comes in very handy ,you get trains that pick you up from one end of the resort to the other and we only had to wait a few mins for it.all in all this resort gets top marks from us we had a fantastic time.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wilcur
<Content>Like Paradise!       Gorgeous Water!  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>BinDereDoneThat
<Content>Nice resort 31/2 stars We just returned from a week vacation, December 16 to 23, 2007. We chose this hotel because it offers facilities for handicapped traveler and is targeted to families. My boyfriend and I were traveling with my mom (age 72). Nice resort. Huge (more than 1600 rooms) divided in small sections. Lots of people especially in the main sections. We stayed in the Club Premier section because they were no available handicapped rooms (even if we reserved one with travel agent). After an hour running around to make sure the rooms were OK (the give stairs access to a low mobility person!!!), we agreed to stay in the Club Premier section which was the best compromise. There are ramps almost everywhere but a lot of walking in involved even if there is a very efficient system of trolly trains.Service was OK. Since there is a lot of people, there deal with volume rather than quality. The first night at the BBQ restaurant, the staff was continuously coming to the table to pour some wine. It was anowing. Food and wine (which tastes like vinegar) were OK. Shrimps were good and beer too. The employees work a lot of hours for small money. The appreciate tip.Rooms were very clean and so is the resort. So clean.My mom had a hair styling and she was happy with it. As for the gym, very smal for the size of the resort.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	2	3	4	

<Author>Cityview
<Content>Loved the Gran Bahia My partner and I stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe, Bavaro and it was an experience we will never forget. The hotel, the grounds, the cleanliness, the hospitality, the food, the staff, our suite was a 5 star hotel all the way. We didn't want for anything. The hotel was absolutely beautiful, the lobby was decorated for christmas and there was a holiday feeling all around. We didn't encounter one rude staff member anywhere and the service was fantastic. The beach was beautiful, but then Punta Cana is the place to go in the DR for the beaches. We would definitely vacation there again. I give it a 6 star rating if there was one!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Brooklin
<Content>Perfection Once Again       outside the main lobby  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KaY-o-Ree
<Content>Es Bahia Principe! Loved it! Just returned this morning from a great week with my boyfriend at Bahia Principe! Their theme song is still stuck in my head! This is my bf's 3rd time at an all-inclusive and my 2nd so I now have one previous experience to compare to. Considering just the resort itself, Bahia Principe was much better than Breezes Jibacoa in Cuba, which I would now re-rate as 3 out of 5 stars! I do have a lot to say so please bare with me.We booked online through Sunwing Vacations. My impression of Sunwing is not that great after this trip. The beginning and end of the trip was horrible because neither the travel agent nor Sunwing told us when we booked the trip that Santo Domingo, where we landed, is a 3+ hours drive to Punta Cana! Beware of this! When we complained to our Sunwing rep at the resort, he told us that it should have been the travel agent's responsibility. Anyway, we probably ended up travelling 8 hours total from the airport to the resort and back. Returning to Santo Domingo wasn't too bad because it was afternoon and there were things to see and businesses were open. But on the way there, we landed in the evening around 8:30pm and so the 4-hour drive was in complete darkness as the streets were pitch black. Our guide did not seem friendly and was clear that he did not like speaking English. He said 2 hours to Santo Domingo and kept quiet pretty much the rest of the trip, so after 2 hours we weren't sure where he was taking us! Anyway, it was a horrible start to a vacation.In General:IMO, Punta Cana is a place to go for sun, beach, and relaxing. It is not your best choice for sightseeing. In contrast, Cuba (Havana) had plenty of culture and sightseeing.Bahia Principe is a big resort! Like previous reviews have mentioned, the trains that take you around are efficient and I never had to wait more than a few minutes.Room:We were upgraded for free to the Club Premier which is as far as it gets from the beach, but quite close to the central area of the resort with the lobby and Pueblo Principe. Perks included our own buffet restaurant for breakfast and dinner (smaller than the main buffet), our own pool with swim-up bar, and our own snack bar which had different and better food than any other snack bar.Because we were on the 2nd floor, we had no bug and ant problems. Our friends on the ground floor did have bugs in their room. Everything in the room was clean and quite well-kept. Bedsheets, bathroom and shower were all clean and white. But I do agree with a previous review that for some reason, they seemed to ignore the bathroom mirror. The shower had no curtain but a piece of glass that covers only half the tub and does not slide - this caused a slight flooding in the bathroom because no matter how careful I was, water would always spray all over the floor. Amenities included toiletries, hair dryer, mini-bar, coffee, a big umbrella (which came into good use on our first day). There was no iron or ironing board. The safe is $32 US for the week but a definite must-have. Our TV cable was broken and ripped when we arrived but a quick call and it was fixed promptly. There were a few good English channels on TV. Nice sitting area and balcony, though our balcony view was barren land because we were on the edge of the resort. Unlike a previous review that said $2 a day was not enough, we tipped $2 US per day and everyday our maid decorated the bathroom with flowers and made us towel animals.Service:Top-notch! Everyone was so polite and did everything with a smile. Reception, Guest Services, servers, bartenders, housekeeping, everyone I can remember tried to make our experience enjoyable. A simple hola and smile from you will always be followed with an hola and smile.My only negative experience was in the Club Premier lobby. The man at the reception charged me incorrectly for my safe rental. When I returned to point it out to him, he was not apologetic and returned my money with an angry demeanor and without a word.Buffet  a la Carte:Keep in mind you are in the Dominican Republic. They don't get the food we get fresh in Canada or in whatever country you're from. Considering that, I found their food to be decent - definitely better than edible, which was my description for the food at Breezes Jibacoa in Cuba. The buffet is quite repetitive but the made-to-order omelettes at breakfast, made-to-order pastas at lunch, and dessert waffles at dinner were always delicious! You'll find your favourite dishes for the week.We went to 4 a la cartes (instead of 3 because we were upgraded) - Le Gourmet (Punta Cana side), Japanese (Bavaro side), BBQ (at beach outdoors), Seafood (close to beach).Le Gourmet was successfully French-styled. But again it is food in the DR, so my filet mignon was more like a rib eye and the souffle was really a brownie. However the presentation was beautiful!I was not as impressed with the Japanese as many others seemed to be in these reviews. There was no teppanyaki show - he simply cooked the food in front of us with some banging of his tools and the grill. Everything was dry and overcooked except the shrimp which was fabulous! Deep fried ice cream was OK.Do not go to BBQ!!! This is nothing more than buffet with a few BBQ features - which you might find at regular lunch or dinner buffet anyway.Seafood was my favourite of the 4. There was an appetizer buffet which had an excellent selection. My boyfriend had a 1/2 lobster for his entr茅e, which actually had some texture (unlike the mushy lobster in the paella), and I had some decent salmon filets. Public Areas:The lobbys of both the Bavaro and Punta Cana sides were beautiful. There is plenty of comfortable seating to enjoy a drink and lots of lounge chairs too where I saw many ppl take naps. The gardens and grounds are so well-kept and well-groomed. I think they cover every detail of cleanliness that you can think of - I saw workers waxing the marble floor in the lobby, polishing railings, cleaning chair cushions, scrubbing beach chairs. I was very impressed with this.Pueblo Principe:This little town has something for everybody. Plenty of shops for beach stuff, cigar and alcohol, jewellery, casino (penny, nickel, quarter slots, some table games and 1 texas holdem table), pool tables, internet, piano/karaoke bar, disco (12-2am), nighttime burger joint (10pm-6/7am), and vendors - hahah these guys are good. If you really don't want to talk to them, just politely say no and walk away! One guy tried every trick in the book to try to get my boyfriend to buy some jewellery for me and my boyfriend was trying to be polite and not walk away. He said the original price was $105 but would give it to us for $50 - we ended up talking him down to $18 but we still didn't buy it because we didn't think it would be real larimar from a vendor like that. It was good entertainment though hahah! All food and drink is included except for casino.PoolsThe water is very clear all the time. Of course there will be some dirt and sand with all the ppl that go in and out. There are missing tiles here and there and maintenance of the pool physically is so-so. There are always plenty of pool chairs. The big fountain and the bridges at the beach pool add a nice touch. The Club Premier pool was a nice perk for the free upgrade because it was much quieter than the main pools and has a swim-up bar.BeachWow sooo awesome! Beautiful finest grain sand without any rocks or shells. Nice waves to play and swim in. I didn't snorkel - didn't think it would be great snorkelling because of the waves. Again, plenty of beach chairs and no need to save one. Lots in the shade and lots in the sun. There are beach workers picking up and collecting garbage so the beach is kept clean. You can also walk down Bavaro Beach to other resorts on the strip - it's a beautiful walk in the soft sand. The only downside that my boyfriend pointed out is that the beach faces east so the sun goes down behind the resort, and so there is no chance of seeing sunset. In Cuba at Breezes Jibacoa, we saw sunrise and sunset everyday.Activities  EntertainmentWe didn't really participate in the daily activities run by the animation team but there was always something going on at the beach or near a pool - volleyball, aquafit, aerobics, darts, mini-golf, so on.Nightly entertainment starts at 9:45pm with the Tropicana Theatre show. I saw only Michael Jackson and Boogie Nights which were both great! They put in a lot of hard work! Our friend saw the circus one which is Cirque du Soleil style. They did not have Lion King the week we were there. Then at 11:00pm there is a show at the Pueblo Principe stage - most nights I was there it was just the house band playing. Some nights they had game shows.ExcursionsWe did Jurassic buggies and my boyfriend absolutely loved it! Make sure you wear clothes that you are prepared to trash because we were both completed covered in mud from head to toe - but this was because my bf went straight through every mud puddle he saw. You can choose to avoid them but you will still get splashed. And don鈥檛 listen to the Sunwing rep about sandals with straps only and no flip flops. I only had flip flops so I wore runners - they were completely soaked in mud as well. I then wore flip flops for other half of the ride and it was fine. The excursion also included a swim at beautiful Macao Beach, a freshwater cave, and a short horseback ride at a ranch. Highly recommended!!!!Thanks for reading! Feel free to ask questions!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sunscreen19
<Content>Great Time - Minus Tropical Storm OLGA       Typical villa  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Cha_Cha_7
<Content>this Bahia Principe not the same as Mexico We stayed from Dec. 10 - 17th. The first 2 days that tropical storm Olga was going thru. Nothing too bad except heavy rain and winds...unfortuntately there were fatalities elsewhere in the country and my family was worried for us while we were away.I found the food so-so. The same stuff over and over. The Mexican and Italian restaurants were good tho.We left $2 in our room everyday for our maid...but I guess thats considered cheap! We got a glimpse of our maid cleaning the room next door and they got flowers and towels formed into swans ....I guess it takes a fiver nowadays to get the little extras that you take for granted in Mexico.I had to take a trip to the medical ctr and be warned that they charge $90US for a consultation. I made it perfectly clear I didn't want or need a consultation and only needed to rent some equipment to help me get around cause I hurt my leg. So for $10 a day I rented the equipment and that was fine.I spoke with some one else in line and they spent $200 US by the time they had a consultation and got some cream for the bites on their legs.They have good prizes if you win at the dart games...a little bottle of rum or a teeshirt. The activity team do try but its hard to understand their english.I've stayed at the Bahia Principe in the Mayian Riveria and was a bit disappointed that this one in Dominican is not to the same standard. I found you had to tip the bar staff to get any kind of feedback. It was so obvious who tipped and who didn't the way some guests got treated. I've got nothing against tipping and I certainly do it but not for every single drink!!!!! Its like the staff have a short memory unless you've got a bill in your hand everytime.The lobby was a great grand place to relax and play cards or read or whatever. There are definately certain places in the hotel that are off limits to some without the upgrades....I think they should advertise this better at the entrance of some pools so there is no misunderstandings.There were mosquitos out. This is my 5th trip to D.Rep. and I've never been bitten so much...not sure if its the time of year or not.Anyway have a great time but don't expect this to be a true 5 star because its not. Its got a great beach and lobby but the rooms have bad workmanship like the tiling being off centre etc....little things but never noticed stuff like this before while I've been soaking in the tub at other resorts. Also the mirror was very dirty and hadn't been cleaned in ages.Don't think I'll be going back.. Probably head back to Mexico where they know how to treat you right even if you don't tip every single time.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	1	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>SimonKitchen
<Content>Basic Breakdown On Resort My wife and I stayed at Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana from Dec.6-15th. Here is a basic breakdown if you are planning on staying here.- The place is not 4 or 5 stars - 3, maybe 4 at best. It is a beautiful resort but other things are considered for star ratings. We live in Vegas - we have 2 - 5 star resorts.- The food was mediocre at best. Any $7.99 buffet in Vegas is better. Poor selection and temperature of most foods were not safe. Maybe if you are from a small town in Canada or from France you may think you have died and gone to heaven. If you have a discriminating palate, sorry you will be disappointed.Drinks - bring your favorite bottle with you - no middle or top shelf alcohol is included. Expect to shell out $10- Service - Sure the staff are smiling and friendly, but give me a break - I don't shell out big money on a vacation to keep the locals happy by accepting sub-par service. We had fun with most of the staff, but the service around the main pool was horrible unless you showed them some $5 bills. One exception was the staff at the lobby bar - they were much better. If you want better service - go to Mexico. From experience the Mexicans know hospitality at their all-inclusives. They provide the same service whether you tip them or not. - Rooms - A cross between a Super-8 and a Marriott. Nice enough for your stay but the bed was hard as well as the pillows. Housekeeping came after 4 or 5 PM and our room was not cleaned at all one day. Beach - beautiful beach, clear water, easy getting a palapa on the beach.Pool - almost impossible getting a palapa by the main pool. The practice was for people to place only a towel on chairs, then take off for 2-7 hours, come back to the pool and say that those were their chairs. This was done mostly by frenchmen and other europeans. People - A TON of Canadians which is OK. At least they have manners. Way too many french speaking people for enjoying your vacation - a lot of the French people there are rude, loud, touch food in the buffet, push their way in line - and yes smell bad. A couple crazy russians there as well.Guest Services - Bad all the way around. They should all come to Vegas to learn what hospitality means. The guest services office do nothing more than book your dinners - they are a joke and do not care about helping you. These people love to pass the buck. Our shuttle to the airport (PRIETO TOURS_DO NOT USE THEM!!!) was supposed to pick us up at 1:40pm. At 1:50pm I asked guest services if they could call to see if they were coming and they told us not to worry - They are on Dominican Time was their response. NO ONE would call. Finally I paid the security guard $3 to call - all of a sudden they found the number to prieto tours. So by now it is 2:30pm - I said screw it - call us a cab ! Cab ride to airport was $35. This fiasco at the end of our trip was real nice ! This is why this resort will never even be a 4 star hotel.If you want to visit Punta Cana - stay at Secrets Excellence - a little more $ but I'll tell you it will definitely be worth it.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ellamacs
<Content>鈥楢ll 28 guests had a good time...quite the achievement鈥?#x201d; We vacationed at this resort back in December 2005 and had such a great time then that we decided to return here for our wedding this year. We have split this into 2 reviews 鈥?see the wedding details under the review titled 鈥楢 brilliant wedding enjoyed by all鈥︹€?br/>Please remember a 5 star in the DR is not directly comparable to a 5 star in North America or in Europe and this review takes that into consideration. We should also let you know that we read all the reviews for this hotel (yes every one of them) prior to our wedding and we鈥檝e tried to combine the helpful hints and tips at the end of this review.We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe from Nov 29th 鈥?Dec 13th 2007 with 25 other family and friends who travelled from Canada, UK  Holland. Adult ages ranged from 27 to 60 plus and kids from 10 months to 6 years old. Our poll showed that everyone had a great time, though there were some minor complaints which we鈥檒l cover below.Resort Overview: The resort is in fact very large and can be divided into 4 main areas. There are 2 premium resorts (Ambar  Golden Club) complete with exclusive facilities and the 2 main resorts (Bahia Principe Punta Cana  Bahia Principe Bavaro) which are mirror images of each other with shared facilities. Each resort is marketed to specific countries/tour operators but standards are pretty much consistent throughout.Check-in: no-one in our group had problems at check-in and most people were actually checked in prior to boarding the bus at the airport. When you arrive, shuttles are ready to transport you and your luggage to your room. Make sure that you ride on the same shuttle as your luggage otherwise there may be up to 1hr delay before it arrives in your room which can be inconvenient if you want to go straight out (happened to one of our guests).Rooms: We emailed the resort our group room requests in advance and they were able to accommodate most of them. Everyone thought the rooms were a good size and in general people were happy with their location. Three of our guests did request to change rooms immediately upon arrival: one because of ants in the room, another because they didn鈥檛 want a ground floor room and a third because they were on the service road side on the ground floor (guests on the top floor next to the service road said they didn鈥檛 hear any noise). All room changes were dealt with very quickly and professionally by the resort. A fourth guest had problems with their keycard / door lock and a fifth needed a light bulb replacing. Both requests were fixed within an hour of being reported. Pools: People in our group thought the main pool near the beach was a little too busy and noisy and as all of our guests were able to use the Diamond/Hacienda pool in the middle of the resort no-one really ventured too far from here. The pool was cleaned each morning and there were always plenty of beds and palapas available to accommodate our whole group. The kids cried at the end of each day when they had to leave the pool because 10 hours was just not enough time to play. The adults cried when they had to leave the pool because they were enjoying the swim up bar so much!Buffet: There was plenty of variety to choose from and the food was generally good quality given the number of guests the resort is trying to accommodate. We had a very fussy vegetarian and even she managed to eat a wide variety of food.Restaurants: We submitted our requests in advance of our stay and all of them were accommodated to the best of the restaurants availability. Collectively we ate at every restaurant except the Brazilian. All the restaurants had good reviews, but the guests from Vancouver who have some of the best sushi in Canada on their doorstep said the Japanese restaurant didn鈥檛 really wow them but guests from the UK really enjoyed it. Anytime a meal was not too the diner鈥檚 satisfaction, they were offered an immediate replacement without fuss or delay.Bars: we tended to get together as a group at the lobby bar on the Bavaro side on an evening until 11pm followed by the Karaoke bar in the Pueblo. The service in the lobby bar is pretty quick most of the time and the drinks were fine for an all inclusive. They were out of Bailey鈥檚 on the last night but apparently that鈥檚 because one of our guests drank it all! Everyone loved the Flamboyan bar at the Diamond pool and there is also a pool side waitress service.Beach: We all found the beach to be a little windy to spend all day there and the sea too choppy for real swimming but everyone did go there for a walk, to take pictures (fantastic to watch the sunrise around 7am), play beach football, jump around in the waves, etc. Resort Activities: Contrary to some reviews we read, people in our group who used the gym thought it was actually very good. There was quite a range of machines and you never had to wait for any equipment. The spa accommodated 10 massages within a day鈥檚 notice and everyone enjoyed them. The kid鈥檚 played mini-golf and also really liked the kids club because participants got a part in the Lion King production. The night time entertainment is great on some nights but leaves a little to be desired on others but you can see that the dancers and the animacion team work really hard to put on the productions. We all loved the nightclub disco 鈥?as long as you are prepared for a cheesy mix of dance tunes rather than an ultra cool lounge bar then we鈥檙e sure you鈥檒l have fun. There were some winners and some losers in our group when they went to the casino but everyone enjoyed the roulette, blackjack and the Texas hold鈥檈m table (house takes 5% of every pot).Out of resort activities: Most guests only stayed for one week and so they were happy to stay within the resort and 鈥渃hillax鈥? Five of the guys did golf at Punta Blanca next to the resort but despite having the entire course to themselves, they considered it very expensive as are most of the courses in the DR. It ended up being about $200 including club rental/ball purchase for course that would normally be about $50 in Canada. No alcohol was included or available outside of the clubhouse but they did provide ice buckets (for you to bring your own) and free soft drinks. One guest booked the Tropical Storm trip but ironically, it was cancelled due to the arrival of Tropical Storm Olga the day after our wedding.Shopping: Some of the group went to the Palma Real Shopping Village which sends a free shuttle to all the hotels. It was about a 30 minute ride away. Though there aren鈥檛 many shops they do have some nice clothes boutiques and a good cigar shop which is cheaper than the resort, and they also have a great wine bar (where we bought all of our wine for the wedding 鈥?try the Pinot Noir, it鈥檚 very good). Some people wandered along the beach to the local market and did some good haggling and others haggled in the Pueblo at the resort. The stall owners can be funny but sometimes aggressive-sellers so just keep walking or say no, if you feel uncomfortable. Most times we found they accepted 50-60% less than any price you are initially offered.Tipping: Most people in the group tipped the maid about $3 a day and left a note asking for extra beers, water, etc and the requests were always fulfilled. We also left dollar/pound store presents for kids along with a money tip. As for the bars and restaurants, in the UK and North America its tradition to tip for good service after you have received that service. In the DR some of our group felt like they were expected to tip in advance in order to get a great service, however the vast majority of the staff work very hard and are not visibly upset if you don鈥檛 tip them every time. We always left a tip in the a-la-carte restaurants but it was pretty much impossible in the buffet as there were so many staff helping you. We tipped the servers at the swim up bar at the start of each day and they were always super responsive whenever we needed a refill.Staff: with the exception of one report of a rude staff member on the Punta Cana side reception on the last day, the staff were very friendly and very responsive (though one of the guys in our group did say that he thought they male staff members in restaurants were not very responsive to female guests). We did not expect the staff to speak fluent English as we are in a Spanish speaking country but this can sometimes mean signing and drawing is needed to communicate! All of the staff in the Diamond club guest services and the wedding coordinating team spoke excellent English we found. Most of the staff at the general guest service and the animacion team spoke passable English, but the majority of the staff in the restaurants, the maids and grounds staff have limited understanding of other languages. Children: We were worried about travelling to the DR with a 10 month old baby but we wouldn鈥檛 be so concerned the next time around. Without exception the staff at the resort loved the babies/kids in our group and they were constantly being kissed, cuddled and tickled. Though this may not be the norm in some places and cultures it was here so go with the flow. None of the children in the group got sick (some of the adults had a funny tummy for a day or so but it was hard to tell if this was food or alcohol induced). There was plenty of shade by the pool and we took a paddling/wading pool with us filled it with water and placed it in the shade for the babies to play in. The 4 and 6 year old in our group had a fantastic holiday, and the 6 year old went on stage in a fashion show and had a minor role in the Lion King mini-musical which runs every Thursday.Check-out: some of our UK guests in our group were given beach towel cards even though they were upgraded to the Diamond club (through our wedding) and they were sent back to their rooms to find them. They were actually still in their welcome packs but they had never needed to use them as one of the perks of being in the Diamond club are that the maid brings new beach towels every night. This was the only issue at check out and unfortunately the guest services desk was quite rude and insistent that return of these cards was absolutely required before checkout.Hints and tips:鈥?If you are booking from Canada we recommend you get the Diamond/Hacienda club package as the pool is superior, you get an extra restaurant night and the Italian is fantastic for lunch and breakfast. 鈥?Only take US dollars and take lots of USD $1 bills for tipping鈥?Take dollar/pound store gifts (pencils, paper, make up, hair ties and clips, toothbrush, toothpaste, stickers, keychains/keyrings, candy/sweets) to leave as tips and to give out on any trips鈥?Take an old airmiles/store card to use to keep your air-con working while you are out of your room鈥?Take thermal cups to keep your poolside drinks cool鈥?Take laundry dryer sheets to put between your clothes so they don鈥檛 get a musty smell from all the humidity鈥?Take board games and cards 鈥?night time entertainment becomes limited if you are staying for 14 nights 鈥?Take English/Canadian snacks for those who must have them - chocolate and candy are very expensive in the lobby store鈥?Take lots more sunscreen than you think you will need and at least factor 30 鈥?even people who usually tan no problem seemed to burn very fast鈥?Don鈥檛 take a hairdryer, iron or beach towels as they are provided鈥?The baggage handlers at the airport are very pushy so just be firm but polite if you don鈥檛 want their help and they will let you pass鈥?The marble floors are very slippery at the resort particularly after it has rained so watch your footing鈥?Safe costs extra and is optional but recommended 鈥?we all paid $28 per week but based on reviews we have read this varies from $25-35USD per week. As an all inclusive this should be included in the cost but it isn鈥檛鈥?Ask for the 鈥渋nclusive鈥?premium brands (Johnnie Walker, Brugal, Smirnoff, Tanquery) as they do have them and usually there is no extra charge, but they usually bring the unbranded drinks unless you specifically ask鈥?You have to sign for drinks in pueblo principe and disco but they will not be a charged to your room 鈥?it鈥檚 for control? You do however have to pay for drinks at the casino as this is run by a private company鈥?You can buy wine outside the resort and take into the restaurants with you or they do have decent bottles to buy in the a-la-carte鈥檚鈥?Book all your a-la-carte reservations as soon as you get there (or e-mail in advance to make bookings). Look at buffet themes and choose a la carte nights based on that. Garden Grill and Italian are hardest to get reservations for as there is only one of each. 鈥?Consider booking a-la-carte reservations for days you are not doing excursions in case you get back late and miss reservations. 鈥?You can also try to get a-la-carte reservations by turning up and asking if there is any space 鈥?a $5 bill to the hostess might just help!鈥?Walk onto the beach and turn left for the Las Olas snack bar 鈥?it鈥檚 much better than the Piscis main snack bar by the pool and much quieter鈥?Eat breakfast in the Mexican or the Seafood restaurant 鈥?they are much quieter and have fresher food than the main buffet but the selection is more limited. You can鈥檛 wear a bathing suit 鈥?you need shorts and t-shirt鈥?For watersports take out the insurance at $20 p/wk as besides covering damage to the boat or other boats it also enables you to book the Catamaran/Pedalos etc. up to a week in advance which otherwise you can only do daily. 鈥?Though water-sports are free some require you to do a 鈥榣esson鈥?before you can use the equipment and the lesson costs $25 USD e.g. catamarans鈥?There are a lot of swings and slides located inside the kids club but none outside of the club鈥?Bike rental is available near the tennis courts鈥?Bulletin board by the main pool tells you what is going on each day鈥?On departure at the airport get one person to get in line for the check in while the other gets the bags off the bus as it takes a long time to check in鈥?On the return flight at the airport walk past the pizza shop and into the new section (zone 2) of the airport which is air conditioned while waiting for return flightWe hope this review helps convince you that you absolutely chose the right resort to vacation in. Have a great time.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kingawysocki
<Content>Bahia Princpie Ambar - AMAZING!!       Pool area  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MapleG
<Content>Enjoyed the visit This was our 2nd visit to the DR in a 12 month period, and the first at this resort.Without repeating what others have written here, I will give the following scores out of 5.Rooms - 4.5 out of 5Grounds 5 out of 5Entertainment -4.5 out of 5Beach 5 out of 5Staff 5 out of 5Pools 4.5 out of 5-they are beautiful, but for some reason the water temp is a little too cool. I also wish they would stay open past 6pm (at least 1 of them)Value for money 4.5 out of 5Food--this is the one area that disappointed, and I am comparing this specifically to the Iberostar chain. If you read carefully the other posts many will say that if you can't find something you like at the buffet, then you must be too fussy. I will say I am not fussy, and I can and do eat many varieties of food. The problem was not whether or not I could find something I would like---I could. The problem was the quality of the food--it reminded me of those all you can eat cheap buffets with names like Country Kitchen or like food in University Residences. The variety was there--the quality was not. Quite frankly a Ponderosa Steakhouse buffet is just as good . A pasta bar and omelette bar is nice, but it does not override the previous concerns. Just 2 comparison points to illustrate this. Cheese Selection-3 varieties at Bahia. The Iberostar had a minimum of 8. Desserts-most at Bahia were of a decidely low quality standard--jello based, cheap cakes etc. Nothing of substantial quality.I would recommend they add a drink station so you can get your own soft drink, beer or similar. The waiters were relatively slow to come over and offer wine, soft drink etc. Plus strangely enough getting a coffee (other than at breakfast) was not really possible. Apparently the coffee comes from the bar area. How much easier would it be if they just had a coffee station.The 3 a la cartes we visited were the Brazilian, French and Japanese. They were a nice change from the buffet, but again quality was not the best. For example a ginger cake at the Japanese was actually a cupcake. The Brazilian desserts were again unremarkable. Funnily enough on the first day we were told reservations were impossible for the steakhouse--the entire week was unavailable.Would I recommend--yes, with the one caveat about the food. I quality. Would I go back-no, but that is only because I am not a repeat visitor to any resort...I like to try new resort each time.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jamurray49
<Content>Absolutely amazing time! The BEST!!!! Departure:We flew West Jet out of Ottawa and were in Punta Cana from December 1 to 8, 2007.Reception:We were greeted by the most wonderful people on earth. The Dominicans are such beautiful, happy people. We were a group of women on a Girls Getaway. We had been to the resort on previous occasions, and we were treated like queens.We were upgraded to VIP and stayed in Building #62. There was also no charge for our safes.Rooms:We were minutes from the beach. The rooms were spacious and had lots of cupboard space and drawers were sufficient. There was some water staining and flaking on the ceiling of the living area. I think this must have been from Tropical Storm Noel.My sister and I were in a corner unit which had a bigger room and bigger balcony. We also had an adjoining door and our aunt and cousin were right next door. Our other 2 aunts were in the same building.Having adjoining rooms was a lot of fun. We didn鈥檛 spend much time in the rooms 鈥?only to shower and sleep!Buffets:The Main buffet was by far the best for breakfast. As most of you know, having the Omlette station is a real bonus. There was so much food to choose from. I still can鈥檛 believe that other reviewers complained about the food. There is a problem with keeping some of the food hot, but it never bothered us.The wait-staff were attentive and we never had to wait for a cup of fresh coffee or a drink order or for our plates to be cleared away. It was done immediately.The buffet at the beach was good as well. It didn鈥檛 have the variety of the Main buffet, but if we were too lazy to jump on the train, we always filled our bellies with no problems.A la Cartes:We enjoyed all the a la cartes we ate at. We were at the Japanese, the Italian, The Garden Grill, and the Gourmet (Caf茅 de Paris). Our favourite was the Gourmet. We enjoyed the filet mignons. Our steaks were always cooked to perfection. We found the portion to be ample, and managed to squeeze in a dessert every time. Of course, service was impeccable.Drinks:As mentioned in other reviews, the Lobby Bar was by far the best bar. The Beach bar was great for filling up our Bubba mugs. We drank mostly Strawberry Daquiris, Pina Coladas, Banana Mamas, etc. and enjoyed every one. We did have Spanish Coffee at the Lobby Bar a few nights and it was pretty good. They also serve you at the Lobby Bar, and, after sitting all day in the sun, drinking and eating, the last thing you want to do is to have to get up and get your own drink!!!!Beach:The beach was great. There was some debris, probably from Tropical Storm Noel. We did pick up some glass from the sand, so we had to be very careful walking. Strolling along the beach and water was no problem.Grounds:As usual, the grounds were impeccable. So much lush greenery and beautiful flowers. Activities:We did not do any activities. This was strictly a relaxation vacation, at the beach, with nothing else to do except watch the waves roll in.Conclusion:I would highly recommend this resort to anyone. We have been to the Dominican Republic 12 times and this resort four times. We will definitely be returning. I don鈥檛 understand the negative reviews that the GBP has been receiving. We never had a language problem 鈥?the Reception staff spoke perfect English and the wait staff spoke perfect English. They were kind enough to give us some Spanish lessons along the way.If you are going to the GBP in the near future, go with peace of mind. You will absolutely love it.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>pellnag
<Content>beautiful resort had lots of fun! foodThe food was alright. You've got to remember that it's buffets. A buffet is never great wherever you go, even in 5 star restaurants right here in canada or the states. There is a wide variety and themes every night (italian, american, gala etc...). We went to the gourmet restaurant (had filet mignon was excellent, do not order the souffl茅 for dessert, it's a brownie. The other desserts are excellent though) ,the italian (was o.k.) and the japanese (was good except for the desserts-cupcakes with sauce or fried ice cream- fried in same oil as main courses), the decor is magnificient and the service impeccable. Don't be afraid to eat the food even if it's lukewarm (as is sometimes)you will not get sick. We didn't and ate everthing even the hot dogs on the beach. I saw them replace food with new batches so they follow guidelines.BUGSWelcome to paradise! During our whole trip saw 5 mosquitos (was bitten once-take your malaria tablets if your paranoid like me or have your kids take them), a few flies (amazing considering all the food that is served outdoors). Since it is very humid you will see a few millepedes on walkways and in your room- if you're on the first floor. Remember though you don't attain bug free paradise without lots of pesticide. Would not want to stay there too long.BEACHfabulous beach! The water is blue and the waves are not strong (if you like 'em like that) . For some unknown reason there is no seaweed if you swim on the bavaro side (where the volleyball net is). Lots of chairs and places in the shade. If you're concerned about boobs on the beach (for your kids), didn't see much ( ratio of 1 per 50). The interesting thing was that 9 out 10 going topless were over 50yrs old-go figure! SERVICENever seen better service in my life! Everyone is polite, smiling and will get you what you need in a flash. The maids and some of the people clearing dishes speak only spanish but if you ask them something they actually go get someone who speaks english.ENTERTAINMENTThe shows are alright. They dance really well! Contrary to everybody else didn't like the Michael Jackson show the best (no one can really compare to the original). The entertainment at the beach/pool was fun. Warm up exercises, dance lessons, bingo, sexy guy competitions etc... . It's fun if you participate!DECOR AND CLEANLINESSThe resort is beautiful. The decor is fabulous. Decor is very important to me -don't like to see anything shabby, this place did not dissapoint. As for the cleanliness everything is spotless even the beach (they clean the glasses and cigarette butts off the beach- so if you smoke please feel sorry for the guy who cleans and put your butts in the garbage before you leave).DRINKSBest drinks are at the lobby bar. They serve you in real glasses(they serve plastic on the beach-for obvious reasons) and the drinks are not watered down (as is the case at the beach/pool-again for obvious reasons). The wine is o.k. no different than the house wine you'd order over here.FUNFun is what you make of it. If you have a crappy vacation don't blame the resort. I had a fabulous time and the resort did it's part by meeting our expectations.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>K20A2
<Content>Awesome resort!       Internet Cafe and Buffet near the beach  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>adebelov1
<Content>Don't Stay At This Hotel DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL! The staff is horrible and this is complete scam. Below is what happened to me:11/24 - booked this hotel 11/25 - money withdrawn for 2 week stay11/30 - tried to get another room, but was told that hotel is overbooked, however my room is confirmed and hotel is waiting for my arrival12/01 - provided hotel with my flight information 12/05 - received phone call that hotel is overbooked and my reservation is no longer true. 12/06 - my money is returned. The hotel staff pretends to be clueless about what happened. My vacation is ruined, I have my flights, my whole family is traveling to this destination, however I do not have a hotel room because of GRAN BAHIA PRINCIPE.DO NOT STAY AT THIS PROPERTY, the hotel management is horrible!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>coolcanada
<Content>Kids will love it here Second time in two years to Punta CanaJust returned from Gran Bahia and was very happy with our stay but we have stayed at the Paradisus in Punta Cana and am basing my comparison on th at resort.We have an 8 and 5 year oldNow, we were extremely happy with the Bahia but it is not a 5 star resort.We stayed in the diamond club which offered private check in, private pool, beach towels to the room etc. Nice perk, but you can go with out. the private pool is very very quiet, no activities, dull actually. The benefit was private restaurant for b/f and lunch, quite nice. The rooms are average, neat clean , well kept. you have to pay for the room safe which i found odd as you are paying a good buck and they penny pinch you for $40. Room safe was included at the paradisus.B/f and lunch buffet in the main restaurant, simply awsome, HUGE selection, dont bother with the snack bar by the pool.Al'carte resaturants, extremely disappointing, portions were very small and only one choice from each catagory. wine by the glass only, unless you wanted to purchase a bottle. Dont get me wrong, the food was excellent, but this is supposed to be all inclusive. French, mexican were the best for us. Paradisus you could order 12 of the same entree and they were happy to accomadate, and wine by the bottle to your table. Gran Bahia, one entree, one appetizer. Of the nine al'cartes at the paradisus, you had to reserve only 3, all other six plus the buffet were walk in. You could eat at 6 different al'cartes in one night. Gran Bahia we were only allowed 4 al'cartes. Thumbs way up to paradisus. Service at this resort was the best, kind and friendly people, better service at th Bahia, by far. The beach bar was great, no waiters on the beach like the Paradisus, no big deal. No room service, only two cans of beer in the mini fridge per day , unless you wanted to pay for extra beer. that was annoying. Paradisus was alcohol to the room, beer, bottles of wine, whatever, all included. We always ordered cheese and wine before dinner at the paradisus (to our room) which was awsome. It was nice to get dressed up and chill with a glass of wine on the balcony at the paradisus but were disappointed that we werent offered the same at the bahiaThe pool was good, shallow entry for babies and very young kids, attached 18 inch deep pool for kids to frolic in, very nice. Lots of action by the pool, can get a little tedious by the end of the week, but the pool bar was at the extreme other end of the pool. if you look at pics of the pool, it is in three sections, the section with the swim up bar is at the east end of the pool which is closed off from the main and west end of the pool, ???? no big deal for us, but may be for you. The pool at the paradisus was huge and tropical, huge palm trees and lush. paradisus pool was better for us.Didnt use the kids club at all, Would you leave your children in a strange country with strange people? I think notBeaches were both awsome, we walked down by the Riu Palace which was next door, seemed like dullsville. Bahia had music dancing etc it was awsomeShuttle service was unbelieveable, a tram every two minutesall in all it was a great vacation, but I have stayed with sol melia (paradisus) and they are truely a 5 star chain. Now if you have gone 3-4 star and then come here to the bahia, it seems like wow 5 star, its really not, its a 4, maybe a 4 +but it does lack in important areas to deem it a true 5 star. For the money I will spend the extra to stay with Sol Melia as they make the vacation truely unbelievable.I am not trying to come accross as a high roller cause I am not, but I want and need value for my money and have tried to be as objective as possibleWould I come again, yes (for around $3000-3500 for my family of four), would my expectations be as high, no wayAgain it is a great place, but it is not all the hypeIF YOU HAVE KIDS, GO HERE, THEY WILL LOVE ITHope this helped and go enjoy Mucho gusto  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KLPOttawa
<Content>Fabulous Resort       Rare Water Tornado  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>16shelley
<Content>good times we stayed in the club premier , which is a private section of this huge resort. It was great because we could get away from the big crowds, it has its own pool area with daily activities and own buffet and snack resturants which means no wait times and nice and quiet. you still get access to all the other main restrurants and bars and pools, but it was nice to come back to our area when we wanted a litttle more quiet time. The people in the dominican are the best, so if you have never been here, you will be suprised on how happy they are. Tip them well, they deserve every penny. Entertainment at night, not really for children though. so if you have children ages 1-12 with you I would skip it. The food was good as it can get at another country, enjoy it not many people even get the chance to travel. so why complain.Shopping was available on site, lots of shops. We also found out the last day of our trip that you can take a water taxi from the beach in front of fhe resort to a shopping village, about $ 7 per person with return. LOOK for the boats that have banana boats, or tubes they are the ones that will take you. Great shoppiing deals there, and fun ride !HAVE FUN AND ENJOY THE AMAZING WEATHER!!!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>1	4	2	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Danielle73
<Content>Incredible weather, food, and overall holiday experience. We just got home from this incredible resort and I thought I would write a review, as it was important to me to read the reviews before we went. The four of us (hubby, myself and kids, 11  8) stayed Nov. 29-Dec. 6/07. The food was fabulous.(trust me, we went to Mexico last year (Grand Oasis) and have never had such bad food) The buffet had numerous choices available being club diamond we also had access to the Italian restaurant for breakfast and lunch, as well as four alacarte choices. We tried the Cafe de Paris, Brazilian, Italian and Le Gourmet restaurants. Cafe de Paris and Le Gourmet are virtually the same, including menu if I had to choose one it would be Le Gourmet (a little more fancy). Brazilian was located outside which made for an interesting dinner as it was EXTREMELY windy the night we went.Italian was pretty good too, I had the lasagna.Actually some of my favorite meals were from the main buffet (bavaro side).Pool- was great, spent most of our time here with the kids, we were always able to find somewhere on a beach chair in the sun.Ocean-clean white soft sand, numerous beach chairs and palapas,always really wavy so we didn't snorkel at the resort.Excursion- We did the Carribean Festival ($79 Adults $39 Kids) It was fun, about 30-40 min. snorkeling, then off to the nurse shark area to snorkel with the sharks and finally the sting ray interaction area, where you can touch and eventually hold them while the photographer takes your picture ($10) to buy them when your done. Weather-had a couple nights of rain, but it was late and we were already in our room for the night. Had hot sunny weather the entire week about 29 or higher each day. Only had a couple afternoon showers, but they literally last for only a few minutes and the sun comes out again.Staff-So friendly, and accomodating, really good with kids, very pleasant people.Tipping-We tipped at the alacarte's and a couple times at the main buffet. We tipped for pool side drink service and at the swim up bar.We tipped our maid $3/day and $5 the last day. The room was always very clean with new towel creations each day, lots of fresh towels and bottled water. They don't expect, or require tips, and actually the service was the same whether we tipped or didn't tip, but do tip well, they work so hard.Extras-Daughter had her hair braided for $50, we had it done at the Pueblo market area in one of the shops as the pool side braiding wanted $69, or more. Also, do barter with the market vendors, or just get souveniers at the stores at the pueblo, because they start out with crazy prices like $45 for cheap necklaces that we eventually paid $10 for. Hamburger restaurant at the Pueblo is quite good, (opens after 10:00pm,included in all inclusive price).Gym- Visited on 3 occasions, watch the equipment, most is in pretty rough shape, use the first treadmill closest to the entrance and the one and only eliptical, or the bikes, as the other treadmills are broken (loose belts, or don't go fast enough) good free weight area, with two benches, a decline ab bench and a few universal machines available.Busses-Yes this resort is huge, (two resorts in one), but we never waited longer than 2-3min for a bus. They go all over the resort quickly, good walking paths if you happen to miss the bus, or wait a few minutes longer for the next one.That's all I can think of, I would not hesitate to return to this resort, we had an excellent time. Enjoy!!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JustBeachyNovember
<Content>Loved it...Wish I was still there!       Japanese Restaurant  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>getmetothesun
<Content>Paradise!!       Shipwreck  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bestfunescapescom
<Content>WOW! My husband and I were a little nervous because traveling from the airport to get to the resort there was a lot of construction, a lot of poverty, and it look like a hurrican or war had happened in some parts, but when we got to the resort...It was beautiful. They have about 5 or six pools. Places to eats all around. There was a great variety of food at the buffets. The spa was great. We enjoyed every minute of our vacation. We were treated like royalty. We especially enjoyed the shows at night. After 6 days we came back to the States singing the Bahia Principe theme song and doing the dance. I will never forget this experience and I wish that I was there right now!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>millbank_7
<Content>Great Time!!! Just returned from The Bahia Dec 7th and Had a fantastic time...The Hotel was great the alla carts were awsome.Hotel was immaculate there was always somone cleaning..Gardens were gorgeousI would highly recommend this Hotel... For the Price you pay at this resort There is no way you should be complaining about anything..We did the Diamond club.. It was nice but not nessicary.. we heard that if you are not happy with something when you check in they will usually upgrade you to Diamond club anyway.. So Save your money and try for the upgrade..Beachs here must be the best around .. You can walk for miles and miles and feel safe..One small piont .. I like to Snorkel on the beach and the water was just too rough for that..Don't think twice about going here ..  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bahialover1
<Content>Immaculate Paradise Stayed from November 24 to December 2,2007 and had a fantastic time. A good mix of party crowd and scenic serenity. Nice a'la'carte and decent buffet. Beach was beautiful and activities were pretty good too. Room very nice and spacious however bed was a little hard and pillows a bit flat. Notes and tips help for maid if you want extra beer and water. Overall very nice pools and swim-up bars. Great shopping within resort but be prepared to barter if you shop outside the stores. Staff was very friendly and nightly shows were entertaining. Ok I'm taking over for my hubby now as he seems to think the above paragraph is a very helpful review!!Not sure if it worth upgrading as it didn't seem to make a huge difference, for example - even though our towels (for the pool) were to be placed in our room when the room was cleaned, this only happened one day. We were able to make two additional a la carte reservations however, and the Diamond Club also includes 20 minutes of free internet use daily. Diamond Club also includes access to a private pool which we loved on those mornings we weren't feeling so well! The difference in the room and service between the Diamond Club and other guests was minimal, therefore it would depend on whether an additionl night's reservation ,private pool, and internet access are worth the additional cost. We upgraded when we arrived and for a week it cost us $200. We booked through Sunwing and had a orientation on our first morning. This we found was really useful. Krisha and Ryan went out of there way to help us with questions, offer suggestions when bartering with the locals and recommended the Marinarium day excursion. The Marimarium was great, just a half day which was nice and the snorkeling, swimming with rays and sharks was really fun.A lot of people have written the resort is too big for their liking. I found the resort to be large but not overwheling. We ran in to the same people over and over again and I don't know that would happen if the resort was as huge as people claim. The trolley service was great and they ran all the time, if you miss one another one will be right around the corner. It is only about a 10 minute walk from the beach to the main lobby and the walk really lovely and worth the time. It's important to remeber the resort is split down the middle and is a mirror image of itself. The Punta Cana side has more rooms but a smaller lobby and the Bavaro side has less rooms and a large lobby. Each side has a Japanese and French retaurant, while there are only one of some of the other restaurants. Just use the map - it is useful and easy to read. Try to have all of your money exchanged before you get there. US works best. We had a lot of DR Pesos and tried to get the hotel staff to exchange it to US and they wouldn't. then some shady bellboys asked my husband and our friend to step into the bathroom and offered them a private deal at a terrible rate. Also some of the hotel's shops claimed not to have change after we bought items. Lesson: take a lot of singles so that you lose $.30 rather than $4.30.Remeber to save $20 US each (cash 0 they will not accept credit or debit) for the tourisim tax at the airport for the way home and keep your suitcase BELOW weight. We were overweight when we left Calgary and didn't think anything of it. When it was time to go, you will be charged $10 US for every Kilo you are over. For a couple you are allowed 40 kilos (total) or your checked bags and 10 kilos (total) for carry on items. We had to pay $50. Someone else had to pay $70. All in all we had such a great time. Beach was so beautiful. Volleyball and beach aerobics were great. Lots of topless women which made the men either really happy or really grossed out! Buffet was good in the lobby and also at the beach. Make it to the buffet in the lobby for breakfst before 10:30 or you're s.o.l. until 12:30, however the beacj buffet is always open. Service was fantastic and everyone had a great time. Bahia has many resorts all over the world and we would definitly go back to either Punta Cana or another one of their resorts. Enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>torontoglobetraveler
<Content>not impressed       The beach  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Yain
<Content>Okay but not great We stayed at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana at the end of November. This is a huge resort - bigger than I thought it would be, but it is beautiful. The rooms are nice, the pool is huge and the beach is beautiful. We upgraded to the Royal Golden package but I don't really think it was worth it. It was nice to be closer to the beach but our room faced the outside of the resort so it seemed a bit isolated. We were travelling with an 18 month old child which made the trip a bit more challenging at times. My main problem with this resort was the food and I'm not usually very picky. I always found something to eat but I found the buffets really tiring, it seemed like the same thing over and over - especially for lunch. Since we had the Royal Golden package we were entitled to 4 a la carte dinners, however we only got 2 and we had to fight for that. Since we were travelling with a child, we wanted early meal times. We got to the resort on Saturday afternoon and tried to arrange meals on Sunday morning. They told us there was nothing left, the only spots available were at 8:30pm (which doesn't work with a small child). My husband complained to our tour operater - Air Transat but they didn't do anything and they didn't seem to care. The next morning he complained to the hotel again and we got 2 a la cartes for 6:30. We met people who booked the same day and they had no issues, they got early bookings! We also met people who were not Golden club who had 5 a la cartes. When we went for our a la cartes the restaurants were not full at all - weird. Anyway it was disappointing to have to fight for something we were entitled to.They people who worked at the resort were very friendly for the most part and very good with my son. There was definitely a language barrier though. Our toilet backed up 3 times and we had problems trying to get someone to deal with it.Overall a nice resort but I don't think it is worthy of a 5 star rating. We wouldn't go back.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>bramalea
<Content>Wedding at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana       Wedding Gazebo - Set up for 54  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>tljungha
<Content>Fantastic       Pool side at the main ocean side pool. That is the swim-up bar.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>jt7dreamz
<Content>Absolutely perfect We spent 4 days at the GBP-Punta Cana and here's what we thought:Airport Arrival: We booked our trip through Travelocity so we took a cab. $33 bucks right to the hotel. 30 minutes. Zero Stress. Check-in- Quick and easy. Give you a fruit punch welcome drink. We paid for the safe $5 bucks a day or something small like that and had NO problems with anythnig at all. We made our reservations asap and booked the bbq restaurant (pls see below)Room: Perfectly clean (and ready when we chkd in at 230 pm). The bathroom is beautiful (all marble) great shower, good water pressure, large vanity. The bed was very comfortable and the room was spacious. No complaints whatsoever. Maid service- was great. We left her a few bucks a day and left a note to stack the fridge w diet soda and water and it was done no problem. Restaurants- Now I read ALL the reviews for the past yr so I was a bit nervous. Food was great. I grew up in the Dom Rep so I am a bit biased but the Dominican food was excellent. Even my picky eater bf found something to eat at ALL meals. There was a variety. We ate in the main lobby restaurant the most (just becuase it had the most selection). We ate snacks by the pool bar (mainly salad and french fries!) and we ate at the BBQ place which was quite good. Drinks- couldnt be easier. We tipped and got a few at a time. In terms of the lobby bar it was the best. Tip Ramon and you'll get great service. We had a blast. Casino- kinda cheesey but we won on blackjack so we were happy. Drinks are not included here. (we're not sure why). Pool- I read countless reviews about how people couldnt get chairs etc. Well I don't get it. We didnt upgrade to the Diamond club or any other for that matter and had NO problems at all. I didn't think the upgrade was worth it AT ALL.Beach- absolutely gorgeous. was a bit windy when we went but it was stormy (still sunny and nice- rains a bit but its 15 min so don't get down about it). the chairs were reserved early. i wake up early so by 9 i had ours and there were plenty more. the premium chairs (meaning the ones w umbrellas etc) would be taken by say 10 but there are ALWAYS chairs from what i could tell. Entertainment- My bf and i entertained ourselves with walks, talks, casino etc. we weren't lokoing for nightlife so we didnt have a problem. There is a disco (we didnt even walk in), shows (which we didnt see) and pueblo principe which has shops etc (not too much variety). outside the resort- since we were there for such a short pd we didnt venture. I know there is a town and suggest buying rum and presents BEFORE the airport (whcih is a complete tourist trap (pls see below). Chk-out- Completely uneventful in a good way. Took 3 minutes. Airport (at Punta Cana)- CRAP. Spent $17 on two pieces of pizza and 2 bottled waters. I live in NYC and wouldnt pay this at JFK. Rum is overpriced- duty free is a crock, BUY BUY BUY BEFORE you get here. Also double chk your flights. ours was 4 hrs delays (weather/snow in NYC/Chicago). I would 100% recommend this to others and 100% would come here again.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>nataliewyatt
<Content>Highly Reccommended We had a vow renewal ceremony there and it was amazing!! The staff were unbelievably helpful, and knowledgeable. They all spoke atlease 3 languages - English, Spanish and French. Easy to get around in. Great food. Very Clean. Plethora of options for excursions. If i was to say something negative it would be that our room chambermaid stole / threw out some of my personal toiletries that were left out on the TV dresser. I'm not sure if it's a cultural expectation where they think gifts are left out for them....?? Or if it was theivary. Anyways it's minor and can all be replaced. Family friendly. lots of children/young families . you should go!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>finnyHamilton
<Content>great service Just spent a week at this resort Nov. 23 through 30, 2007. This resort has truly great service. Overall, great rooms, beautiful grounds, excellent pools and beautiful beach. The resort is large and takes a little while to find where everything is. I found the food to be fairly good at the buffets, was hit and miss though. The snack bars I found were not very good, poor quality and not very good selection. I found the ala cartes to be fairly good, especially the gourmet restaraunt. I found the premaid drinks at the bar were very sweet, almost to a sickening point. The beer was fine. The lobby bar made some good drinks, try the mohito's.The grounds are immaculate, the service is great, best I've had yet, compared to Riu's or Palladiums. Other than the food issues, drinks I could manage with, this resort is well worth trying. Would recommend.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>TimminsOntario
<Content>Wonderfull resort Eddy and Celine Nov 15 to 22/07 Ontario  Everything at this resort is a positive , great food, great service and staff .These people go out of their way to please their guests.Of course the best beach ever ,white sand for miles and miles.You can walk the beach forever . The grounds are imaculate and the rooms are top notch . The one thing i was disapointed in was that i saw very few people giving tips to these wonderful hard working people.We set a budget of $15 dollars a day for tipping , i sure if you can afford the trip a little extra is not going to break the bank. We would and will return to this resort.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>harvey16
<Content>Great Resort! Wonderful People!       The Beach  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CTPAHHIK
<Content>Spend your money elsewhere A great looking hotel with excellent beaches and amenities, complemented by rude and incompetent staff, disgusting food, cheap and lousy drinks and inadequate service. We had a group of 21 people stay at this hotel. Upon arrival, we were greeted by hotel staff who managed to unload our luggage and leave it in the rain. The front desk attendants did not have a clue as to what they were doing and managed to give everyone incorrect room assignments. Many members of our group were young adults who requested rooms with two beds, however, every single room we were assigned had a king size bed. Also, several of the people in the group were elderly, and despite the fact that our travel agent requested first-floor rooms for them, they were inconveniently assigned rooms on the third floor. The resort, meanwhile, does not have elevators. It took us another 3 hours of arguing to get all room assignments corrected for the group, and as a result, all of the rooms were scattered throughout the resort premises, making it difficult to stay as a group.After being assigned rooms, several of our group members had to endure waiting for an hour until their maid cleaned their room. This should have been done prior to the handing out of room keys as it is the customary assumption that once the room key is given to the occupant, the room should be ready for habitation. Other group members鈥?rooms had wet floors, causing one of the people to slip and fall, hitting his back, head and arm. Upon filing of an official report with the hotel, we did not hear from any management, and were in fact told that management was too busy to address the injury.On the first night, the entire hotel was without air conditioning, making rooms feel like saunas because of the humidity and the heat. The air conditioning was fixed on the second day of our stay, however, no apologies were offered to us for this horrible inconvenience. Eating choices were very limited at best. All buffets had the same food options and I can鈥檛 qualify any of these items even as mediocre 鈥?just plain crap. Badly prepared meat, no fruits, liquid ice cream, etc. Soft drinks are handed out by staff only, making the wait for a simple coca cola upwards of a half hour. We visited three restaurants Italian, Japanese and French. Italian venue was so amazing that we decided to hit buffet afterwards. Japanese had a tolerable hibachi-style show with decent food. The service was superior to that of any other place we visited until then. The restaurant highlight was the fact that they had sake. On the third try (French), our group finished a bottle of vodka before they served us, so food did not taste that bad. Hint: The only way to enjoy food in this hotel is to get drunk beforehand (Strongly recommend to stock up in duty-free before boarding as hotel lacks anything even remotely drinkable). I have to agree beach is excellent. Sand, water, weather 鈥?everything. The pools were nice. The club was okay on the first night, however, arriving there on the second and third nights, and hearing the same exact music and CD playing got annoying very quickly. Since there were no other entertainment options other than the club, our group could basically recite all the words to every song by day four of our stay.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	1	1	5	

<Author>travel2dive
<Content>Great time Our family (2 girls 4  7) split our 2-week vacation between the 2 top-rated all inclusive hotels for families in Punta Cana, the Sunscape The Beach and the Gran Bahia.The Gran Bahia is located on the Bavaro beach which is MUCH nicer than Uvero Alto where the Sunscape is.I did some scuba diving with ScubaCaribe right out of the hotel but the surf was too strong and they canceled 2 days.When we were allowed to get out the dives were nice but unimpressive. I took the Catalina island dives which are off of La Romana on the Carribean side and it was much better. It's a day trip for 2 dives though. The diving staff was very professional.I still prefer Cancun/Cozumel in Mexico for diving.Overall we liked the food and drinks slightly more at the Sunscape, except for the house wine which was good. The french restaurant was really nice. I also loved the fried ice-cream at the Japanese.At the buffet we always had to hunt down the waiters to bring us drinks. They worked hard, but it seemed like there weren't enough of them.The best part of the hotel were the rooms and grounds. They were amazing. The best we've had in our All Inclusive trips. Nearly twice the size of the rooms at the Sunscape and in tip-top condition.The maid worked like crazy and left it spotless and nicely decorated.The shuttle to go from the lobby to the beach was much needed and very frequent. We never waited more than 2 minutes.Our girls loved the evening entertainment. The kids club was nice and had ice-cream and clown parties but opened only from 9 to 5, compared to 9-10 in the Sunscape.Overall it was a great vacation. I can't wait to try their other hotel in Tulum Mexico.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Tanda2001
<Content>No Go!!!!!!!! No Wedding There!!!! I was so disappointed with my stay at the Gran Bahia that I would strongly advise any travellers considering it to think again. Because me and my husband decided to get married in the Dominican I did research for 13 months before the wedding, read the reviews and made sure we were 110% ready and organized when we got there. Unfortunately my organization and thoroughness did nothing.  When we arrived at the Bahia we were blown away by the sheer size of this resort. It is HUGE. We had a bottle of Rum, and a Fruit basket along with 2 T-Shirts and 2 Ball caps waiting for us in the room as a wedding present from the resort. As we started to meet up with the 39 other people that joined us we all took tours of each others rooms. Me and my Husband had the smallest room out of the whole party. (Not a big deal considering your never in your room) but you would think that the Bride and Groom would get a little more? We then noticed that the Air-Conditioning was not working. After speaking to the front desk they said it was the whole resort. We had friends in another section of the resort who had AC upon arrival??? So why would they lie? After 2 days of no Air Conditioning a girl that came with us with her 15 month old baby called the front desk and told them she had a baby in the room, when is the AC going to be fixed? Literally 3 minutes later we all had AC? That was very strange. We received a letter from the wedding coordinator Janette telling us to meet her at 10:30 on the Sunday. Well the wedding was set for the next day at 2pm. We went on Sunday to meet Janette, and we ended up with a lady named Mage. Janette was to busy planning other weddings. Mage was very nice, great English and just genuinely sweet. The first thing we were told was that our ceremony was going to be moved from 2pm to noon. We said no, we had reserved the 2pm time 13 months ago. Mage ran to confirm and we got a 3pm time instead.We picked everything we wanted, 4 bouquets, 4 boutonni猫res (Which was a separate charge!!), a square cake, a projector, a photographer, arranged to have place cards at the table stating where the family would sit etc鈥?br/>The day of the wedding myself and my 3 bridesmaids were getting our hair done at the SPA. I was told by Mage that a bus would come pick us up at our room鈥檚 t 11:20. The bus never showed!!! We had to scramble down to the spa to make sure we got there on time! Ok so no problems! Ramona who did our hair is FABULOUS!!!! I highly recommend her! When it was time to do the ceremony Mage came to the door with a guy named Danny to deliver our bouquets. They were short a bouquet!! They finished delivering the boutonni猫res to the guys, and she said we will get it fixed. By now it is 3pm. 35 minutes later Mage and Danny come back with a 鈥渕ake shift鈥?bouquet that did not match the others. Ok I am thinking, no worries!! I am getting married today!!! I then find out that the boutonni猫res are too heavy for the guy鈥檚 shirts!!! Why did no one mention that to us???FINALLY on our way to the ceremony, our poor guests sitting in the heat waiting for over an hour for the ceremony to start!! The driver took us girls the back way, through sprinklers and driving like a mad man!!! We all almost fell out of the cart and we all got sprayed by the sprinklers!!!!! We had asked MANY times that 鈥淰ow Renewal鈥?Not be mentioned a whole bunch through the ceremony. 10 times in a 10 minute ceremony 鈥淒anny鈥?Yes the bus driver married us, mentioned it. We get through the ceremony and get all the pictures and items finished. That went very smooth. The photographer was just great!!Reception time was supposed to be 6:30 at the Italian A La Carte. We go for 6:30 and they are just starting to set it up. At 7:15 they finally had the terrace set up for us. No printed menus, no place settings. The group was not allowed to go into the restaurant until the workers say myself and my husband. As we were walking up we got bombarded by staff asking about our other A La Carte reservations? (Was this really the time???) After speaking with them for 10 minutes we finally managed to get in to start enjoying our reception! The waiters were great!!! So funny!!! About 10 minutes into the reception we were approached by Mage. She had told me 鈥淵ou are getting a round cake鈥?I told her that I thought we ordered a square cake? She said you did, but we made a mistake so you get a round cake. My Husband at this point was so upset. Not only had there been so many problems, but the fact that the staff would not speak to him about anything, only me and he could see I was clearly upset. He pulled her aside. I do not know what he said to them, he still has not told me within 30 minutes we had our square cake. During the whole speeches the staff were loud, talking, yelling at each other from across the room singing, my guests were very upset. Near the end of the night Mage came up to me and said you don鈥檛 get your breakfast in bed in the morning??? Apparently because we did a vow renewal we were not entitled to it. My husband proceeded to remind them that this was part of our package and we will get breakfast in bed. Needless to say if the setting for the wedding was not so beautiful I am sure we would have had a worse time. Yes these things seem like small problems to a lot of people, but considering how rude Janette was (After we finally got to meet her) and how un-organized the resort was I feel we are entitled to share our experience. Not at one point did we feel like the resort cared about the wedding. They were more concerned about their money. Which they still charged us full price for the flowers even though we were missing a bouquet, they charged us extra for 1 bottle of Champagne to serve to the guests (All Inclusive???) They charged my whole group for safes that did not work, and no one except me and my husband got our money back. And we were even told that it was complimentary because of the construction right next to our rooms. They charged us extra for a projector, originally $50.00 charge turned into $180.00. They charged us for music to walk down the isle to, which we never even got to choose. We were suppose to get 24 free photos but because we did a vow renewal that was withdrawn at the last moment. DO NOT GET MARRIED HERE!!!! You will not feel important, nor do they even really care about your wants. Whatever is easier for them. Our second week we stayed at the Majestic Colonial! Go there to get married!!! They treat you 110 times better!!!! All in all, the front desk staff is rude!! The bartenders in the lobby bar are rude. The cleaners take your tip money and mop the floor! The resort/rooms were infested with cockroaches, the construction next door was loud, the A La Cartes were not good at all (Except the Italian! VERY YUMMY)The wedding coordinators were un organized. The bar tenders by the pools however were great, and the waitresses in the Lobby bars were equally great.2 people in our group were drugged at the Disco! Another couple lost a whole day because the resort asked them to stay in their room and wait for the maintenance people to come by and fix the leaky ceiling!!I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS RESORT!!!!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>musumekiller
<Content>huge hotel, I had a great time This hotel is divided into 3 sub hotels. There is 1500 rooms, 8 a la carte, 4 buffet (almost the same food), 3 snack bar and 5 pools. Let talk about the good things first. Excellent service everywhere you go. Anyone will say hi to you. Lots of choice on drinks and make sure you try the snack bar near the beach where they have bbq ribs all the time. Thats the only place you will find ribs. They have 8 a la carte and you are only allow 3 if you stay in regular suite. I stay at the club premier where we are allow 4. The french a la carte is the best. Steak house sucks, mexican is okay and japanese is not really japanese food (all they have is teriyaki sauce on every meat). The buffet just okay. However, there is lobster on sat nite. Most of the time, I just eat at the 2 snack bar near the beach for lunch. Breakfast is the usual stuff. Due the size of this hotel, there isn't much entertainment on site. There is activities every hour in the beach and pool area . The tennis, soccor and mini golf is far from the main lobby. There is an area specially for shopping, clubing and live band. There is a pool table there but is cost you 1 dollar per game. You also can find late night snack here if you arrive there at night time.Before you buy anything from the vender, visit the shop for price. I find most shop offer better deal then the vendor.If you are interested in the national stone, Larimar stone. You can get a good deal on the beach. I pay 9 dollar for a 10 stone neckness and 2 dollar for earrings. However, the quality is just okay via beach vendor. There is a shop with in that small town which they sell high quality Larimar.Overall, I enjoy the my stay at this hotel. I recommand this hotel if you like 5 star service at a low price. There is a 5 star plus hotel next door, Paradisus Punta Cana Resort , lobster everyday but the price is double.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kmk7899
<Content>2nd Time at the Bahia Principe...Loved it again!       Beach area---you can see beach bar in the background  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Bella41
<Content>Great Stay at the Gran Bahia       Pool  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>niarcos
<Content>Simply the best       soana island-paradise  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>F1FanMississauga
<Content>Excellent resort First time in DR, I read a lot here so here's my contribution:Great hotel! Landscaping/grounds, pools, staff response, restaurants are all excellent. As an almost-vegan, I always found something reasonable to eat. The desserts are great. Here's a few facts/opinions overall:- Room keys/paperwork all given to us on the bus from the airport. Get to the hotel, collect your luggage and off to your room.- Room in safe is about $4 US per day. Well worth it.- Currency rate was $1US = $29 RD(?) from the hotel reception.- Maid service was great!- Express service (dial 0 on phone) was great. We called several times for miscellaneous things and the average response time for someone to come to the room was about 20 mins. They always followed up later too, to make sure everything was ok.- They use long golf cart type vehicles to ferry people around the resort and to the beach. They run almost 24 hours a day and you wait no more than 2 or 3 mins max.- We booked two excursions through Sunwing (onsite). The Country Adventure was $75 US for a full day. Visit a school, house, plantation, horse riding, cave. The ONLY bad thing was the long and uncomfortable ride in the truck along the pot-holed roads. Other than that, a real eye-opening visit that shows you the real life in DR. The other excursion was called Jurrasic Buggies for $65 US for about 4/5 hours. ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC! Basically, these are roll-cage cars with a decent engine. You go through mud trails, rocky roads, stop at Macau (sp?) beach, then to a cave. Switch the buggy for a horse and take a short horseride around the ranch. A really great day and well worth the money. If you can only pick one, take the buggies rather than the Country Adventure.- Beach was very good, but I'd probably pick Varadero (Cuba) over Punta Cana. Nothing bad though, clean water, clean sand etc. and you could always find a hut/lounger at anytime. The free equipment (kayak, paddle boats etc.) have to be reserved.Consider staying here and enjoy your trip!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travel_Chica079
<Content>Ciao Ciao Ciao - Bye bye bye.....A true 5 star       Room  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>AndrewandSue
<Content>Absolutely fabulous hotel I stayed at this hotel from the end of October into November with my husband and 5 year old daughter. We booked with the internet company on the beach who we would definitely book with again. We had emailed the hotel direct prior to travelling and requested a ground floor room in a quiet location with a pool view, we were given block 15 room 105 which met all our requests. When we entered our room we had been left a bottle of rum, three Gran Bahia Principe t-shirts and a large basket of fruit. There were flowers everywhere and a towel on the bed made up in a heart shape and other towels made up like swans we also received a lovely welcoming letter.The room was spotlessly clean, the bathroom was absolutely beautiful all in marble with a large Jacuzzi which I recommend you try, we did several times. Our room location was lovely we overlooked lots of banana trees and one of the central pools which had recently been renovated but opened up again whilst we were there. Our maid Ramana was fantastic the room was decorated every day with flowers, towels made into swans and hearts and one day she even put lots of balloons in our room and left colouring pictures and sweets for our daughter, which was really lovely. The mini bar was always well stocked and she always replaced what we had used with the same drink.The Bahia Principe is a large resort which houses two hotels Punta Cana  Bavaro but we really liked that and managed to look around almost everywhere during our stay and wow it is so pretty. During your stay you are given three speciality restaurant choices per week but we only ended up using two of these. It is recommended you book these as soon as possible because they quickly book up. We went to the Italian which was absolutely brilliant, we eat out a lot at home and mostly go to Italian restaurants and this was one of the best lasagne鈥檚 I have ever tasted it was gorgeous. We also went to the Garden grill Steakhouse which was again excellent, I highly recommend the soup it was lovely. We mostly ate in the main buffet restaurant 鈥橭rquidea鈥?which we really enjoyed and always found lots of choice and many things we liked. The breakfasts are very good especially the made to order omelettes yummy. We was there on Halloween night and in the main restaurant the food was all made up in a Halloween theme and looked really cool we took lots of pictures. We usually went to the pool right outside our room which was much quieter than the main pool near the beach and I think it was better for small children. We arrived during half term week in the UK so it was busy but we never struggled for sunbeds or queued at meal times. The beach is absolutely beautiful just like a postcard and very clean like the resort the workers are always cleaning, gardening and doing things to make this place great. The entertainment was very good we watched most of the shows, the Michael Jackson show was excellent as was Lion King and the Circus show. The children鈥檚 Club also was very good we went and stayed with our daughter during a storm we had and she really enjoyed it there, the staff again was excellent. My daughter was asked to take part in a fashion show which was nice and she loved doing it. Take a look around the market place 鈥檖rincipe village鈥?they have some lovely local crafts and if you can barter you will get a good price plus you always get a free necklace and gift for the children. Say hello to Pedro one of the stall holders he is a great guy and gives you a good deal鈥ou can find him outside the photo shop. Also the photos they take are very good quality we had some fantastic photos taken of our daughter. If you are going to the Dominican I recommend you take plenty of $ bills for tipping, we tipped our maid $2 /$3 a day believe me she really deserved it and we tipped the waiters at Dinner who always topped up our drinks for us, the wine and the cocktails are superb. We also tipped the bellboys be careful at the airport though they literally fight each other to get your cases!If like us you are travelling with young children I recommend you take with you beach toys, lilo鈥檚 etc鈥ecause these are quite expensive to buy. We took lots with us as well as toys, colouring stuff etc鈥o keep her occupied. We also took sweets with us but didn't eat them because we were too full from the fantastic food. If you are thinking of going to the Caribbean we would definitely recommend the Dominican Republic and especially this hotel it is just like it shows in the travel books and so much more. We would give it ***** without a doubt. No one in our party was ill and we didn鈥檛 speak to anybody who had been ill and a lot of people who travel to the Dominican often are. Everything about this place is superb, we met some lovely people out there and our daughter always had someone to play with it is a very child friendly resort. We will definitely be going back, in fact we intend to take family  friends back with us and renew our wedding vows there. Thank you to all at Gran Bahia Principe for a wonderful dream holiday.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pironic
<Content>Wedding at Bahia Bavaro       Sunset, Towards the Diamond Club lobby  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>thisishard
<Content>Great time at the Bahia       Dune Buggies on the Jurassic Buggies excursion  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>vinnys-girl01
<Content>Absolutly Amazing       the brigde over the pool and to the beach.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ranissima
<Content>Great Great Bahia ! My husband and i flew from Montreal through Air Canada from Oct. 28 till Nov. 4th to Bahia Principe Punta Cana.For the first 3 days we hit Hurricane Noel, it rained non-stop for 3 full days. And then.... spectacular sun and we got to explore the resort. It is huge and extremely clean. Although we did not get our room before 4pm (we arrived at the resort around 11 am) the room was perfect and clean. The resort itself is amazing, the pools are always clean. The staff did a great job at cleaning the beach after the storm and it was awesome. One down side, the animation team ! They bug you all day long with their activity program and they want you to participate but a simple no will do. I know I know, they are only doing their job. The night entertainment was really good. Every night a different show. The food was good, the buffet was a bit repetitive after one week, but we had the chance to eat at the japanese restaurant, the garden grill (excellent steak!) and the fish restaurant! all of the them serve excellent food. The village next door to the hotel is a plus, you can buy souvernirs for everyone. We left our maid Ramona tips everyday on the pillow and we got great great service from her. The reception staff got a little slow at times, but they are all friendly.Overall, the experience was good, eventhough we missed 3 days of sun, but i would recommend it to families and couples. Great Great Bahia!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>ZelOntario
<Content>Beware of parasites Beware travellers. I have just returned after spending the last three days and two nites in the Punta Cana Hospital. I have a parasite from the water confirmed by the Punta Cana hospital. Take your worst illness and muliply it by 10,000. I am not exaggerating. Although the hotel told us no one else became ill we spoke to another guest in our complex that was ill with similar symtoms at the same hospital. We ate daily at the same restaurants by the beach. Neither of us left the complex. My hospital roomate was from another resort with similar symptoms . We met an emergency Dr. who says she has travelled the world and was in the Donimican last year with a wedding party 48 of the 51 people became violently ill. This is the only place in her world travels she has become sick. The clinic - that is independent of the hotel provided excellent care. The care at the hospital was excellent as well. Very thorough. The tour contacts were very attentive and called numerous time to inquire how I was doing, as well as the hotel medical clinic. I wil never return to the Dominican.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Vic12
<Content>You will never want to leave The Food and Beverage staff and the housekeeping staff were above and beyond polite and helpful. The food in the Meditteraneanrestaurant was incredible- as was the ambiance.Was there with a wedding and there was always something to do for everyone -no matter the age. The wedding was on a beautiful beach setting and the wedding planner was helpful.My only constructive criticism was the reception was soooo not helpful on departure day. We were with a large group and the flight time was late. They would not extend stays or assist with alternate options. As well, there was another family (not part of our group) in the same situation with 2 small children. Again, they recieved a similar response.Overall, a great experience until the end. I would recommend this resort, just with the knowledge of flights times etc. taken into consideration.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MJVL
<Content>Quality Resort but HUGE!! My family spent one week at the Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana. Overall, this is a very nice all-inclusive resort and we were pleased with our stay there. The grounds and the landscaping are immaculate. The rooms, the pools, the 脿 la carte restaurants and the beach are definitely better than most other all-inclusive resorts we've been to. The staff was very cordial.My wife and I wanted a resort with nice paths so that we could take stroller walks with our baby. This resort definitely has nice paths but we really didn't fully appreciate the sheer size of this place before booking our trip. The size factor was a bit of a negative for us and the likely reason why we probably wouldn't go back. Tour operators (and trip advisor for that matter) advertise this hotel as 700-900 rooms (which, to my mind, is already pretty big) but it's actually two hotels (the Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro and the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana) that are located side-by-side, each with 700-900 rooms. Add to that, the specialty higher end clubs (Club Premier, Diamond Club, Hacienda Club, etc.). So, you really have one big, huge resort with approximately 2,000 rooms. This may suit some as you can really spend your stay in complete anonymity but, in our case, taking the trolley from our room to the beach, to restaurants, etc. (with a baby and stroller in tow) was a bit of a negative.The only other negative (and addressed mainly to fitness enthusiasts), for such a big resort, the fitness centre is seriously lacking. Very small with a few machines, and opens late.So, a very nice and enjoyable trip and a quality resort but be prepared to walk or take trolley rides...  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>HammerWhammer
<Content>Great Place       gorgeous palm trees  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mel3737
<Content>Maybe I'm just too sensitive? We stayed at the Bahia principe from Nov 1/07-Nov 8/07. I have been to Mexico, Cancun  Puerto Vallarta as well as Bahamas and Aruba. The Bahia Principe itselft was a nice hotel, a 5 star in the Dominican though, is not comparable to a 5 star elsewhere from what I could see. Very large hotel, which is good, but difficult to coordinate with a large group, as the week goes on you get used to the trolly's so its not so bad. Pool was very nice, Food was okay, not bad, not really that great, I would have to say average, the breakfast buffet was probably the best part, though they did run out of bacon if you go there later than 9pm. The beach was the best part about this vacation, it is definitley beautiful, soft white sand, not alot of shells and beautiful water. The only other complaint would be that communication is hard as most of the staff could not speak english, we taught our cleaning lady a few words, she was very thankful. You can't blame the staff as they always made the effort, I feel the hotel should spend a little money and give their staff some english lessons, somehow I think they would be grateful. That all being said, my main issue was not with the resort but with leaving the resort. If you are a sensitive person, I highly suggest not leaving the resort. The poverty in areas was hard to bear witness to, I know there is poverty all over the world, but I just cant relax and party when I know there are starving people and animals just ouside the resort. I took some comfort in knowing that the resort was providing jobs, but the whole week I just kept feeling helpless at not knowing how to help those people. Also, being a huge animal lover, even harder were the stray dogs, on the beach, by the market and all over town. If you are not an animal lover you many not even notice them, but for me it was heartbreaking. There is one beautiful female dog, blind in one eye who visits the beach by the Bahia, if you see her...she really likes chicken and if very friendly, but wont let you touch her as she is somewhat timid and afraid, but will take food  water from you. If you walk down the beach to the right of the boat (in the water) about 30 minutes down is a local market, there are also quite a few dogs and puppies down that way, the locals dont really seem to acknowldge them, however i did notice that the tourists (some kind hearted one's anyways) do feed them scraps. It is a beautiful island... but for me the poor shacks and destitute looking stray animals in the reality outside of the resort, took most of that beauty away. If I do go back to the Dominican Republic it will be to do something more active to help the people and the animals, not to sip daquiri's on the beach.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>cathydee
<Content>wonderful, dont bother with the rest OK let me tell you I am doing you a favour, I never wrote on these sites until i had the worst experience at an unfinished hotel in the same family - the Bahia in Jamaica - It wasnt finished and we had a terrible experience... we were compensated with this place. I am 49 years old and to be honest have traveled maybe 3 to 4 times a year for all of my life.... I have done 3* 4* 5* - We all know that if you go to Punta Cana you need to go 5* - However you go 5* in London or Vancouver it's gonna be top top notch.... THIS place is as close to 5* your gonna get in a HUGE beach type punta cana, all inclusive hotel. I have been to 4 other hotels in Punta Cana, all 5* - THIS ONE is THE BEST. It's clean, the food is fantastic and the beach is WELL ITS PUNTA CANA - it's one of the best beaches i have been to and i have been to a lot. IT's busy but just great to walk off those huge dinners. LIVE AND LEARN... EAT LUNCH AT THE RESTUARANT NEAR THE BEACH DONT EAT THOSE BURGERS IN THE OPEN BEACH RESTUARANT. A lot of people dont realize for a few days that they are missing out on the best food. The main restuarant is fantastic but hardly anyone goes there for lunch as it's a walk - GET on the buggy, get out of the sun and enjoy!!!! FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER I WAS ABLE TO DRINK THE WINE AT AN ALL INCLUSIVE. It wasnt great but it was light and ok...... not for a wine expert but definately the best i have tried at an all inclusive - I have done maybe 15 all inclusive and they have been great for kids. Personally, when my kids dont come with me anymore i will probably not bother about all inclusives as we arent big drinkers or eaters anymore so we propably dont get value for money, not like some people. YOU WONT GO WRONG AND WE ARE GOING BACK.... SAVE A SPACE FOR ME ON THAT GREAT BREEZY BEACH........ Just to let you know that it's big and busy but they cope really well, it's well run. I'm getting old and so I would prefer less noise on the beach, we did managed to get away from the speakers and those annoying entertainment people.... (thats just my opinion, some people like that stuff)  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>marqblink
<Content>Perfect Honeymoon       At the French Restaurant  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Trooper44
<Content>Top Notch Hotel Just returned from the Bahia (Nov 1/07-Nov 8/07), and it was an excellent vacation. We booked the Club Diamond and definitely worth every penny. You have your own pool which is not as crowded as the others, as well your own lunch restaurant. The lunch is at the Italian Restaurant, and it's not a buffet. You have an actual menu you can order from and only diamond members are allowed. For me it was a nice touch as I am not too big on buffets day in and day out. If you go, you have to try their calzone!! The service was amazing and the people are great! The ala cartes were great.Excursions: We did 3 excursions and I was happy with all of them. The first one we did was snorkel with the nurse sharks and sting rays. Completely safe for all ages and worth checking out. 2nd one was the Deep Sea Fishing. Helpfull tip.... bring gravol! I have never got sick on a boat until this trip. The waves and the heat don't mix well and needless to say I had my head over the boat a couple of times. Would go again but a little more prepared. We had 6 of us on our boat and 4 of us caught fish. 3 mahi mahi's and 1 barracuda! Pretty cool! 3rd excursion was the safari trip. You can choose either the 1/2 day or full day. We went on the full day and it was wonderful. The only negative thing about our trip was Captain Cook's aka Captain Crooks! I had read mixed reviews about this trip, and I figured I would check it out myself. Big Mistake! The meal was okay. My husband and I shared the meal ($60 US per person). They brought a huge plate of lobster, shrimp, crab and mussels. The lobster was good until we had a piece that wasn't cooked all the way. The crab was disgusting. We cracked it open and it was green and black inside. I never tried it as it was too scary! We went with another couple which they had the same feelings. My husband went to use their washrooms and came out and said the bathrooms did not have running water. How do the cooks/waiters wash their hands after they go to the washroom? Made me sick to my stomach as I watched the workers use the washrooms! After our meal we paid and tipped the server. We just gave the wad of cash to the server and left to get a cab. We were just about to take off when the manager came running out and said we stiffed them $10. I guess we should have watched him count it, but with the tip we gave we knew there was more than enough. We were not going to argue, at that point I just wanted to get out of there. Bahia is definitely worth the money. We had no tummy problems and the food was great. The workers were always happy to see you and we were always greeted with a hola. The beach was awesome. They had it cleaned every day and plenty of lounge chairs to sit at. The time of year we went was perfect. There were never any big crowds. The day we left we noticed the resort starting to pick up. If anyone has any questions or comments let me know! Would be more than happy to help out!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sunnybottom
<Content>Exceptional Resort!!!       awesome appitizers  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>corona81
<Content>I got BED BUGS my trip was from oct 25 - nov 1. And heres my lil story. the hotel was very nice and big.beyond that heres what went wrong.1. nobody spoke any english not even mangement level.so this was very very frustrating.i got a bill the first night for 4700. and they took 30mins and about 10 different ppl to realize it was not me who went to the spa. 2. the food was disgusting to say the least. we managed on pizza and pasta. 3. the entertament at night was kinda boring. by the third night you dont care to see them.4. I GOT BED BUGS. urrrrrrggghhhhh let me tell you how [-]i am about this. i did tell the maid to change the sheets everynight but i kinda had a feeling she didnt.considering she did not know any english. i am so so beyond frustrated about this. i emailed the hotel about this and they didnt seem to care. the usual i hope you enjoy your next stay with us.5. And our ride to the airport from our hotel was hell. the truck would not close and driver said its ok. we finally told him no its not thats our luggage. so we waited on the side of the road for another van. and let me tell you i thought i was going to get robbed. thats how scary it was.I would never go back to punta cana or reccommed it to anybody. i had a terrible time. and ive been to jamica and cancun. so its not like im anti-all-inclusive.good luck to all those who chose to travel to punta cana.beware of this hotel and room 27310.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>Maria_and_Sameh
<Content>I will be back - Yo Volvere -       3 storey villa with 12 rooms  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>jules6719
<Content>Loved It We have just returned from the bahia principe on the 2nd November 2007. I thought i would write a review about this hotel.We travelled with First Choice and we upgraded to premium on the flight which was well worth it. The cabin crew going out were fantastic and could not do enough for you.We arrived at Punta Cana airport which i must say is very nice.Little thatched huts which look lovely. One word of warning keep hold of your suitcases when you get them as there a alot of bell-boys waiting to take your cases off you and take them to your coach for you.I know this is a very nice touch but if i wanted them to take my cases i would of asked them.We were checked in on our coach on the way to the resort.We were given alot of information and also our wrist bands. When we drove throught the gates of the hotel i could not believe how magnificent the place was. Lucy the first choice rep come onto the coach to say a quick and very loud hello. We were then given a wonderful fruit punch and a welcome dance. We were then put onto a tram system and taken directly to our room with our luggage. We were in Villa 15 room 15304 which was fantastic. I have never been to such a clean resort. The staff there have always got a smile on there faces and nothing is to much trouble.The service is incredible.The whole resort is clean and tidy and the staff are working all day on the gardens to cleaning and polishing the floors in the lobby which i must say takes your breath away.It was my Daughters and my Mothers Birthdays while we were on holiday. I went and spoke to Guest Services and they decorated both room on the day of their birthdays. In the eve they were both given birthday cakes a wished happy birthday the domincan way which was fab.This hotel is fantastic the only down side really was there was not enough going on for my daughter who is 10. The mini disco never ran unless you can call a clown giving out sweets every-nite.I would not hesitate in returning to this hotel but maybe when my daughter is off doing her own thing in a few years.The weather is extremley hot.Factor 50 and still got burnt.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rew345
<Content>Nice place but not luxurious Resort: 4/5It is a nice, modern and clean place. It was built to resist Hurricanes. Garden is beautiful. Buildings are well maintained. It is very family oriented resorts. It is definitely not for romantic couples. The resort is not as big as it appears. It is easy to walk from the beach to the main building in 8min. Bus service is effective. I have seen many larger resorts without bus service.We found the resort not as exotic as other hotels that we have visited. Though the look of this hotel is well above other hotels' look in Punta Cana. A lot of issue to speak English with the staff. They only speak Spanish... If you are a BBQ lover you will not like Bahia because you won't eat anything good from the grill.Pools: 4/5The pools have a nice design. It is easy for children, elderly and drunk persons to get in and out. The water is warm but not as clean as we would expect. The ocean pool is definitely dirty inside and outside. I have the impression that it doesn't get cleaned every day. The pools in middle of the resort are clean and you can see the staff washing the pool side at 9PM.The resort doesn't have enough pool area compared to its size. When we were there the hotel had 50% occupancy and we had to battle for chair and towels (yes they ran out of towels).Bars and drinks: 3/5One of the most effective bar services that I have ever seen. There are a lot of waiters everywhere. You can get a drink easily there is no line up at noon or in the evening at the reception bars. The drinks have good size and taste. If you want to get drunk you can get a lot of drinks very fast. If you need more rum in your cocktail just ask for a glass of rum on ice and add it to your drink. One of the troubles is the quality of the alcohol that they serve. They use a kind of Dollar type very cheap alcohol. Basically there is no difference between the taste of the rum/whisky/Cognac/Tequila. House wine is above average. Beer is just as it. Music at the lobby bars can't get worst. They play a kind of retirement home music. Food: (5/5)Buffet (5/5) Applies to breakfast/lunch/dinnerThe buffet is one of the best that we have tasted in the South. Everything that they make tasts very good. They cook very similar things day after day but so what. There are about 40 plates to taste. I prefer a resort that makes 40 good plates instead of 100 bad ones. Though, there is no prime cut meat or fish. Chicken/fish strudels are great. Soups are very tasty. They have gourmet pizza. Wide selection of real bread. A lot of great local meals adapted to North American taste. First time in many years that I didn't eat a single egg for the breakfast during 2 weeks !!! They had so many good things to taste. Just be open minded and taste !!!Steakhouse: 0/5Entries are really good. The soup is a must. Try the home made chili and the potato skins they are best in their kind. Eat as much as appetizers you can because what comes after is disgusting ....After having had all the appetizers we thought that some bad guys wrote some bad review about this restaurant. So we were eager to have our main dish ... I had the lamb. It was just bones and fat. When I managed to find a little meat and tasted it, I nearly throw up. It tasted between sand and coal. I think the BBQ grill was never cleaned in many months or years. My wife had the mixed grill. The shrimps were just eatable. The Steak was poor quality. Fortunately there was some chicken but tasted very bad. I was so upset that I nearly jumped onto the head waiter. My wife told me you waste your time... so I didn't.Italian (5/5)Nice restaurant good ambiance. Great appetizers. Good main dishes. A lot of food selection. Meals have the right size. Don't miss their soup.Gourmet (4/5)Beautiful place. You have to choose to have either salad or soup. I complained that it is ridiculous and they gave me a free soup ... Soups are delicious. I have tasted 3 of them. Main dishes are a little small. If you have the chance to go several times to this restaurant taste different dishes. Filet mignon is a real filet mignon. Lamb chops are 100% perfect. I also loved the liver. Desserts are not the same quality every day. Sometimes they are good, sometimes they are bad and when they are bad all of them are bad. I presume they have different cooks for dessert.Fish: 4/5Ugly place. Smell like henhouse. (Same as Mexican restaurant). Bad music: they play some retirement home music. Appetizers are very good. I had a great tuna fish (Don't forget to ask for rare tuna). Steak is not so bad. Desserts are average.Mexican: 3/5(I love mexican food). Ugly place. Smell like henhouse. (Same as fisher restaurant).Bad music (Who wants to eat Mexican with a piano music). Appetizers are very good. Mixed grill is so so, burritos are very bad. Try chicken. Desserts are average.Garden grills (4/5)Good salads and gourmet pizza. You can prepare tasty sandwiches. They have the best Smoked Ribs at the Brazilian grill. Bad BBQ food: Hot dog sausage is so so. Hamburgers come from China ...Rooms: 4/5Are clean and spacious. Air conditioning is not effective and it makes a lot of noise. TV channels are poor quality (but who cares). Only 5 English channels out of 70 ! A lot of cheap materials were used for the flooring in the rooms. No night room preparation ... = your rum and chocolates are going home with the house keepers at 9:30PM :) Took our beach towels but never gave us new ones. Don't forget to rent your safe. It is a must.Diving: School: 5/5 Diving spots: 3/5They have a very good diving school. If you want to start diving It is a perfect and safe place. You can't get a better diving school in the South that the one at Bahia and Riu. (Operated by Caribe diving...) Max depth is 40ft. If you have more than 20 dives it is a boring place ... Pay 2 dives but don't waste your money and time for the 5 dives package.Animation: 3/5They only speak Spanish ... Some guys on the animation team are heavy drinkers ...Tours: We didn't take any of them. They try to sell very hard the Samoa island tour. It is at least 3 hours ride. Many groups came back at 9PM !!!! And you leave at 7AM ... Rather pickup a taxi outside the hotel and visit Bavaro shopping center.Practical advises:- Gold or Diamond clubs worth max $50 per week per person- Have 2-3$ in your pocket to tip transporters at the airport- When you arrive take a 2000 pesos from the ATM machine at the reception. It gives the best rate and service fee is only $3.- At the main lobby change right away the 1000 bills into 50 pesos bills for tips.- When you arrive head right away to the (Gold or Diamond) lobby to book your restaurants and pay for the safe. Let the other battle for the languages.- Tip only when there are a few guests at the bar and stay there a little so the bar men will remember your face- Useless to tip at the restaurants. In two weeks we never had the same person serving us. Though a good service deserves a tip.- I have 2000 pesos for tipping and I only gave away 1200 pesos. - Waiters at the restaurant never remembered that I gave them 300 pesos a day before .... so we just stopped tipping.- Go outside for shopping. Take a taxi to Bavaro shopping center (10min ride).- Rum and cafe are good quality and are not too expensive at Pueblo Principe (If you just shop at hotel).- Nicole's jewelry in Punta Cana is a waste of time (even if free). That's a fishing place for naive tourists. Home made cigars are bad quality.- Have a walk to Riu beside Bahia. They have several great shopping areas and a beautiful board walk. (Outside guests are welcome ...) We loved to walk there from 4PM to 5PM.- Be open minded and taste the food at the restaurant everything is good (except BBQ)- Airport is VERY expensive. A bottle of water is 3-8$ !!! Eat and drink before you cross the security (Though there is no place to buy anything). Zone 2 has air conditioning at the airport.- Duty-free at Zone 2 has good prices for alcohol and cigars  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>abbieEngland
<Content>great experience       first day 6.12am  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>monkey1972
<Content>Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro Punta Cana spectacular!!!!       towel decorations all over rooms..  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>NellieToronto
<Content>Beautiful Resort Lovely resort. Just got back. We were there for a week. Weather was fab. I have never been to a resort that is so clean. Rooms, lobby, public washrooms  restaurants are spotless. There appeared to be more staff than guests. The beach is beautiful. Very clean. Never had a problem getting sun chairs at both the beach and pool. Food was great. Plenty of variety. The desserts were to die for! We ran into 2 minor problems. Very few of the staff speak English so this can get frustrating at times. If you venture into the shopping square that is attached to the hotel beware of the men that have the stalls as they will keep harassing you to take a look at their goods. We found the lobby shops very expensive. These are only minor complaints. It would not deter me in the slightest from going back. We are planning our next trip back already! We tried 3 restaurants while we were there: Italian, Japanese  Gourmet. All were great. Would go back anytime.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>alexandria786
<Content>Great for all ages!!! BAHIA in Dominican republic is a Great resort for all ages, beautiful grounds, casino, disco, shopping, beach, restaurants, entertainment, all in one place. The best is the SPA!!! A must!!! Worth every penny. Diverse crowd, all ages, all nationalities, great service. The best vacation we had. Lena Stekol10.27.2007  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ves2309
<Content>Fabulous First Class Experience We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana for two weeks from 2 Oct 2007. It was just a fabulous experience, The hotel is truly superb from the immaculate lobby right down to the wonderful white beach.Our room was just perfect made even more so by Cecilia our maid,The food at the Gran Bahia was amazing so much choice that even the most picky person would have been impressed. All the A La Carte restaurants were brilliant especially Le Gourmet just off the lobby bar, and the bars and bar staff could not be bettered especially Martina in the lobby bar her happy smiling face was a pleasure every evening.We would recommend this hotel to anyone families and couples alike just a wonderful five star experienceP.S don't miss the shows every night, thw Michael Jackson spectacular was just that spectacular.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mannyram
<Content>Bahia Principe Resort We highly recommend this resort to anyone travelling to Punta Cana. The beach is beautiful, accommodations are great, staff is very friendly, and food is excellent. Be sure to get a drink from Alejandro, the bartender in the Bavaro lobby bar. He mixes excellent drinks!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paul123z
<Content>Very nice place       Out Side  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>joenjulwhite
<Content>totally satisfied, excellent resort, awesome anniversary...       beautiful veiw  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tannedscot
<Content>It doesn't get better than this for the money.       View of Club Diamond / Hacienda Pool from our balcony.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cocktail85
<Content>Absolutely Stunning and Amazing Experience!!!!       On to the way to Saona Island  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Canado79
<Content>Excellent       dessert - bread pudding  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sunshineMontreal_7
<Content>fantastic holiday       Arrangement from the maid  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bakski
<Content>GREAT EXPERIENCE! We stayed at the Bahia Princip for 9 days. It was absolutely wonderful. We read reviews about some who complained about a whole bunch of stuff, but we had absolutely nothing to complain about, the only thing we said wasn't necessary was the turn down service at night because they got there so late in the evenings. Here is a quick breakdown of the resort. I would highly reccommend you book your stay directly through Bahia-Principe which is actually BP tours. Also, there are two resorts basically in one-it is the Gran Bahia Principa and you have the Punta Cana Side and the Bavaro side-request the Punta Cana side and request a nicer room. We stayed in one of the villa's closer to the beach (number 2 villa, absolutely PERFECT location) in the Golden Club. It is SOOO worth it. The room is bigger (not that you spend much time there) and so much closer to the beach-it would be such a hassel to stay in one of those villas near the lobby. Okay-one complaint about the food the Garden Grill is horrible!! Not because the service is horrible because beef is a rarity down there, it is definately not worth it. Italian place was great as was the seafood, hands down. Wasn't much into the French place as they had calf brains on the menu (yuck). We tipped like $3 a day between the AM and PM maids. We also occasionally tipped the bartenders as we felt bad because we kept getting drinks, and well I just felt bad. I also felt bad realizing that these people make only around $200 US a month. None own cars and most employees live 2 hours away, ride a bus to a from work and work 7 days in a row-you get my point just wanted to give them something extra. The International buffet is by far the best buffet! If you like hot weather, beautiful beaches wonderful pools you will love this place. It is so incredibly clean it isn't funny. I saw one little itty bitty ant the whole time no bugs outside nothing. The snorkeling trip is well worth the $30!!Enjoy yourself, here are a few extra tips!Take lots of $1 billsBeware that the Peso to American Dollar rate changes dailyBraids are very expensive-$100 for my whole headThe men selling things-oh man they will rip you off!Do not try to reserve beach chairs early in the AM, your towels will disappear!Get to the beach early if you want a shady spotLOTS of sunscreen, I am fair and used spf 70 the whole time and came home extremely tanMake sure you reserve your room to not check in until after 3PM  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>cakmph
<Content>A Restful Vacation We arrived at the resort not knowing how enormous the resort truly was. We were quickly checked in, and then dropped off at our room that was still being cleaned by the maid. We read through the hotel material, and realized that we did not have a copy of a map. (I encourage everyone to ask for a map when you check-in). So we stumbled our way around until we met with our travel representative the next day. He advised us off all of the hotel amenities and locations. The resort provides a shuttle service from one end of the property to the other. The beach itself was a long beautiful white sand beach; it truly was a tropical paradise. The grounds of the property are well kept and very clean with beautiful lush tropical foliage and palm trees. The pool was beautiful with the added touch of a swim up bar at each of its pools. Our room was nice, we had a king size bed; balcony; and Jacuzzi tub. We tipped our maid. She ensured that our mini fridge was kept well stocked with an ample amount of water and beverages. The room itself was well maintained and kept very clean. However we are non-smokers and at nights we constantly awoke to a strong smoke smell in the room.  The food was wonderful; we ate at the buffet every morning for breakfast and for four evenings. We were pleased with the food and it quality. We ate an ample amount of Seafood, fruit, and a large array of other foods. We believe that there is something for the pickiest eater. The waiters were very very attentive so much so that I always felt like I was being watched. As soon I ate the last morsel on my plate my plate was then quickly whisked away. We ate at three of the a la carte restaurants (Seafood; Grill; and Japanese) my personal preference was the seafood hands down. It was absolutely exceptional. There is much to do at this resort I went to the spa, my husband and I played mini gulfed, walked extensively, we also went on an excursion to the countryside. We would highly recommend this as it gives you a true reflection of the culture and the people of the Dominican. Our only concern with this resort was the excessive amount of smoking and smokers at this resort. There was smoking everywhere, people lit up at the drop of a hat with no regards for their fellow vacationers. Our room was on the third floor and the smoke from the other rooms would come into our room through the vents.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	5	

<Author>joejoevancouver
<Content>Love and sweet We just return from a week at the Bahia Principe Resort. It's very beautiful. The Beach was nice and we always able to find a nice seat. The food was fantastic and Fresh.If the last minute price was right, you must stay and select the Diamond Club. Diamond Club give us an extra night of fine dining. Also If you just want to stay at the pool and Diamond club have their private pool which was never crowd. Also We can choose to have Lunch at the Italian Dining which was locate at the Diamond section (shot walk).As soon as you arrived, you need to book and reserve all your Night dinning. Some restaurant only open on the select day.We booked the following Restaurant : Janpanes Dining - It was Good and fun.Sea food Dining - It was Good the Fresh.Paris Dining - It was Good but they only let you choose 1 appetizeItalian Dinning - It's Ok but I would rather try the Steak House which was Full (Unable to book it).My wife was very Clean person. The Hotel was very neat and Clean but sometime we do find some small ant.The bath room was spotless.The Hotel people was very Friendly and alway smile. Only problems was they do not speak much English. Due to our Return Flight was at 21:30, After we cheked out, we found out they did not have secure storeage. They only have a store room for everyone to put the luggage in. So we have to keep our valueable things with us all time. Overall, it's Good Resort, worth while to stay there.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>sarah2607
<Content>relaxing holiday we went to this hotel between 1st and 9th october, and it was great, very big place but everyone is really freindly.the place is so clean.on arrivng we had to go to diamomd check in, which took ages to sort out and it was really hot and we had just got off a 8 hour flight!!!!! you get 4 la carte meals but book asap as they get booked up really quick and some aren't even open. buffa food isn,t great but its something, best to eat when its fresh, 12 and 7pm.rooms are great,massive beds, bathroom and clearness. air con bit noisy. towels changed in afternoon and you have to remember to leave on floor or they don,t change.mini bar is meant to be re filled every day with soft drinks, there rum and water but all we got was water and when left tip or note they took money but did't re fill, bit cheeky!!!!!!!Lobby area is great, nice place to go during day and evening and the cocktails are lovely over there as every were else there in plastic cups and small.did,t see any entainment but there was show on.beach was THE BEST and so clean, there clearing it all day long and you don,t get no hassal either which is good, a striaght NO is normally good enough if do though,pool is nice and clear but nosiy with all the games going on.all in all great holiday but i,ve done it now and would't go back.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>Cateyes1
<Content>Amazing Vacation I just got back from a wonderful vacation at Bahia Principe. We stayed from October 6th to 13th and everything was great. There was a group of 6 of us in 3 separate rooms, and accommodations were great. Check in was complete on the bus ride to the resort which was fast and easy. When we arrived at the resort one of the rooms were ready, but the other two were done in a few hours. Two of the rooms meet our accommodations, but the third room was not. When we existed the bus, one of the resort reps asked if everything was okay with the room selection, and at this time we notified her that one of the rooms was located on the other side of the resort. They said no problem and that they would take care of the problem. With in 20 minutes we received a phone call that everything was sorted out. Now that was fast service. The resort grounds were immaculate!! The workers seem to never stop with making sure the resort grounds were perfect. It is a huge resort, but after the first day you found your way around with ease. The trains that run around the resort helped on those late drinking nights, or if you just don鈥檛 feel like walking back. BEACH AND MAIN POOL鈥?fabulous! It was never to busy to find 6 chairs all together. FOOD 鈥?I actually found the food pretty good. I鈥檓 a picky eater, but always found something delicious to eat. As for the A la Cartes -we visited Japanese, Italian, and steak house. Japanese is a MUST! It was such a great experience. CONSTURCTION 鈥?we were located on the side with the construction, and never found it a problem. We all had an amazing time and experience with this resort. Just remember the resort is HUGE!!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>sooty
<Content>Great Hotel but VERY Large Came to this hotel after moving from Ocean Sand Beach and Golf Resort in Punta Cana (se my tripadvisor review) because there was no hot water there and thoroughly enjoyed our stay.Food excellent, hotel room nice and roomy and there were all the facilities you need to enjoy yourself with the hotel catering for both the energetic person or someone who wants to come and just lie in the sun. Only problem is that it is a little hard to find a quiet spot by the pool unless you have upgraded to Diamond status when you then enjoyed your own pool which was nice and peaceful, which we had not. If we came again we certainly would as both my wife and I enjoy that bit of peace. No problem finding a nice quiet spot on the beach though at either end of the property.I enjoyed the watersports which where included on the AI package but a tip.....take out the insurance at $20 p/wk as besides covering damage to the boat or other boats it also enables you to book the Catermeran/pedaloes etc. up to a week in advance which otherwise you can only do daily.Any criticisms? Only that you can only book 3 speciality restaurants a week and as we were there only for 8 days we could not try all 6 of the restaurants. Not a big deal though as the main buffet restaurant has themed evenings to cater for all tastes.All in all I would happily recomend the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gigi1985
<Content>Unbelievable!!! My boyfriend and I went to this hotel from October 5th to the 12th it was wonderful!! We just got back last night and we already want to go back and are recommending this hotel to anybody who plans on taking a vacation. We felt like kings a queens and had so much fun. On our way to the hotel they did the check in on the bus from the airport (which is about 30 min from the hotel) and gave us our room keys and bracelets, this saved a lot of time and was very appreciated. We were then greeted with dancers, music and drinks and taken to our rooms right away to be able to enjoy our trip as fast as possible! We were in the Royal Golden part of the hotel and closest to the beach. We were in villa #4 and couldnt ask for a better one. This gave us access to 4 a la carte dinners and we booked them right away and had no trouble getting the times and restaurantes we wanted. We ate at the Gourment (favorite), Italient (excellent), Japonese (awesome) and a BBQ by the beach (did not like this one as much...was a buffet and similar to the main buffet). The rooms are really nice, spacious a clean! We always had nice towel arrangements and flowers in our room everyday. The first day we got there it was cloudy and rained and at first we were very disapointed but thats something you can't control. But then we saw that the rain dosent stop very many people, the pool was full the music was going and we just swam up to the bar and made the best of it! But the rest of the week was gorgeous!The beach was beautiful with light soft sand and the turquoise water! There wasn't any debris or seaweed on the beach ever! The water was also warm and the waves were not to big so it was nice to swim in. And believe me when that sun comes out you will be in there! We spent most of our time at the beach and the main pool and is was very clean, lots of chairs (the beach too) nice water temperature and never too crowed since there are so many other pools on the site. There is a swim up bar in every pool and the servers are so much fun! There are shows every night and after the shows the dico opens. There are always a lot of people at the discotheque which is surprising for most resorts! The music was great and the animation was too. The resort is big but I found it perfect! There is a little train that comes around every 2 minutes you never have to wait but you can also walk it very easily and we did that often. Anyways all that to say we had a great time met some wonderful people and cannot wait to go back. If anyone wants to cantact me feel free I have much more to say about this beautiful paradise!!!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rsxmachine
<Content>Great!       villas  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>exquisitely
<Content>Comfortable       Front of the Resort - Main Lobby  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>kittensoft1390
<Content>Honeymoon! Excellent... my husband and I went to this hotel for our honeymoon, for two weeks, dirt cheap. Granted we are not picky, and we didn't expect too much, but this place was excellent!! Service : Always helpful, though barely speak english. However, I do understand that I am in THEIR country, and I know a bit of spanish, so we found a happy middle and helped each other out :) Rooms: Never had a problem, always came to clean during the lunch hour, if not a bit before, when pretty much everyone is out and about. If we were in for some reason, they came back at whatever time you advised, not a minute later! Fridge always stocked with water and pop, and tipping does help in making sure this is done every day. Beach: Always cleaned and well-groomed, patrolled by security at night, so you're always safe! Never had a problem getting to the beach after lunch and always found chairs to lie on, both under the shade and in the sun!! you just need to take a short walk and always find some somewhere...Ocean: Gorgeous, refreshing, inviting! Beautiful little fish if you go snorkeling, they tell you where to go, there's a small reef nearby! Bring some bread, they'll come to you :)Food: Excellent...a few dishes were less appetizing, so I simply steared clear of them! Can't expect to like everything when there are tons of dishes to choose from! Always a carving station with beef or pork, fresh pasta station, LOVED the omelette station in the mornings, made fresh with your choice of ingredients :) Always plenty of dishes so that you could always find something you were in the mood for...also HUGE cheese tables, which I made sure to sample every day! hahaPool : Clean, lots of people, but that's to be expected~! It is a pool...activities around it were original and fun, though I simply watched and cheered from the sidelines :) ONLY DOWNSIDE: The washrooms next to the pools were kind of dirty...smelled of pee and were always full of sand, sometimes had no toilet paper...obviously not well-maintained, though the lobby bathrooms were made of marble and never had a spec of dirt or sand in them! And yes, there were tons of British tourists, but I don't understand why some people consider that a valid complaint...they were just as nice as all the other canadians and americans (although very few of us canadians were found...two other couples!!) We made great friends from Poland and France with whom we still keep in touch!! Lasting memories...beautiful honeymoon...WOULD GO AGAIN if I didn't like trying out new resorts every time! Definately would recommend for all kinds of people, families, couples and friends.Hope you'll enjoy!Cat.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>LarisaR1
<Content>What a vacation!!!       main walkway throught the resort to the beach  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BigTunk
<Content>Wow this place was unreal! Just spent a week there from Sept 29- Oct 06 2007 and it was just perfect. My wife and I never would have even imagined there was a place out there that you can get such an experience for such a price.  The resort itself is amazing, the rooms are spectacular, the food is excellent and the staff are extremely helpful and very genuinely friendly. I honestly dont think I could compose a proper review without having 2 weeks to put it all together. There is too much to say and almost all of it is more than positive.  The only con and this seems to be about the country itself is the smoking. My wife is 5 months pregnant and it seemed that almost everywhere you went people were smoking like the plane was goin down. This was by no means isolated to the resort as the second we stepped off the plane and into the airport there were blue-grey clouds hovering in the terminal. Bottom line is top notch resort with great food, amazing cleanliness, pristine beach, the Rum.....cant forget the Rum.. and the excellent service. 5 big stars to this wonderful week in paradise.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zee218
<Content>Best Vacation ever. I just returned from a 4 day 3 night stay at the Gran Bahia Principe with friends. The overall experience the we had on this resort was excellent. The resort was spotless it was so clean you could eat off the ground. The rooms were very nice the restaurants were excellent. The buffet breakfast in the morning had so much food available even the pickiest eater would be satisfied. The Japanese restaurant was very nice. It was one of my girlfriends birthday and the waiters surprised her with a cake and sung Happy Birthday. I might add the waiters were very handsome. The manager of guest services took care of our every need. I have never been to a resort where all of the workers took pride in what they were doing and didnt pass you by without saying Hola The beach and the 5 pools on the grounds were so clean. I will definately return to this beaurtiful resort it is well worth it.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>x00xvaleriex00x
<Content>The Very Grand Bahia Principe       starfish!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>mrs_mack926
<Content>A GREAT week at the Bahina Principe 9/22-9/29 We did some extensive on line research before booking this hotel and we had some hesitations based on some of the reviews we'd read. But, we wound up getting a FANTASTIC deal by booking an on-line special advertised right on the Bahia Principe website. As others have mentioned, it's worth noting that everyone has a different expectation level when they travel and people have also had vastly different travel experiences. Please take this into consideration when you read reviews that are filled with complaints.Let me start by saying my husband and I have travelled extensively. I've personally travelled all over the US, through 16 different countries in Europe and 8 different islands in the Caribbean. I've stayed in 5 star hotels with personal butlers and I've slept in sleeping bags on rolled out cots... so I would venture to say I have a good travel repertoire under my belt.This resort was truly a great experience! It's a rather large resort with basically 2 mirror sides.. the Bavaro side  the Punta Cana side. Each side has separate lobbies as well as separate restaurants but they each meet in the middle along a long road that leads to the beach. On the first day it seems that this is an extremely long road but, you soon realize that's it's a really nice walk and that you don't necessarily need to take the shuttle that runs all day.We stayed on the Bavaro side of the resort and we upgraded to the Diamond level. The biggest reason we decided to do this was to get an additional night at the a la carte restaurants. It turned out being well worth it due to the fact that we could take advantage of the private pool area offered to the Hacienda  Diamond level guests... I refer to this as private pool but it was actually HUGE with a swim up bar. For us it was just a nicer, quieter experience with a few less people than the main pool. This upgrade also let us have lunch at the Italian restaurant which is right off this pool.FOODThe all inclusive package for a week included 3 dinners at a la carte restaurants (we upgraded so we had 4 dinners). Otherwise you eat at one of the large buffet dinners.. I'm not a huge buffet lover but there is enough to satisfy picky eaters and it gives you the opportunity to try a ton of stuff! Food items change nightly so you never have to eat the same thing (unless you want basics like fries, pizza, pasta etc..) We loved the Japanese restaurant .. the sushi was excellent and the hibachi dinner allows you to try everything. We also really enjoyed the Gourmet restaurant (on the Punta Cana side). We had lamb chops  filet mignon and were VERY happy with both. The Pescadore restaurant was decent .. no raves but it was a good meal. The only restaurant we were dissapointed with was the Grill/Steakhouse. I had the mixed grill and my husband had a steak.. they were both very tough and chewy.SERVICE/ROOMEveryone was soooo pleasant. It was very rare to walk past an employee without getting an hola and a smile. The room was a good size (you do have to pay $28 to use the safe) and was cleaned daily... every day we found a new towel animal as well as fresh flowers that decorated our clean room. We were called numerous times by staff concierge members to check on us to make sure we were happy and to see if there was anything else we needed. Service was very fast (considering other caribbean islands.. where it seems staff can be rather slow to respond). We had an iron delivered to our room in less than 5 minutes and we requested more water  diet soda and every day our fridge was well stocked.POOLS/ACTIVITIESThere is a very large pool right by the water.. we found it to be somewhat crowded (and we were there off season). We never had trouble finding chairs but we preferred the Diamond pool since it was a bit quieter. The bartenders at the swim up bars were all great (after a couple of days they would see my husband swimming up and they'd have his new drink waiting for him when he got there!). The main pools had a variety of activities, games, volleyball, aerobics, bingo, dance lessons.. there really is a ton to keep you occupied if that's what you're looking for. I spent a day getting a massage at the spa.. it is NOT a 5 star spa but it's adequate and how can you complain when you're relaxing with someone rubbing away all your stress! There are also shows each night at the main theater.. where the staff dances and entertains.. I would suggest watching these shows they are a great way to enjoy some time after dinner! OTHER MISCWe are non-Spanish speaking Americans.... and, we were definitely in the minority. We didn't even hear people speaking English until the 4th day we were there. .. for us this was totally fine, for others it might not be. It's a huge destination for Europeans  French Canadians. There were also quite a few staff members who didn't speak English very well. Just remember you are in a Spanish speaking country.... YES, there is a language barrier at times.. you should expect this and roll with it!! They all did a great job trying to accommodate the fact that we really don't speak Spanish.There is also an area just outside the hotel lobbies called Pueblo Principe. It's a self contained shopping area with a small casino, disco  a large stage that offers evening entertainment.. you should just remember that when you go to this area you are no longer in you all-inclusive package so if you order drinks at the late night show you should expect to pay for them.Hopefully you've made it thru this long review.. and I hope it answered any questions you might have.. if I've missed something you'd like to know.. please feel free to email me!mrs_mack926@hotmail.com  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>VancouverBlondie
<Content>Great honeymoon destination!!! We spent two weeks at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana for our honeymoon starting August 26. We travel a lot and loved this resort. We had been to Punta Cana before but this resort was the best yet! We were treated like royalty. We were on our honeymoon so they put us in Building 7 which is close to the beach but really quiet because it is not on the tram route. Food was incredible which is saying a lot for a Caribbean resort. Lobster and prawns-just at the buffet.They have 8 a la carte restaurants and we ate at 6 since we were there for 2 weeks. My husband said that when we ate at them he forgot that we were at a resort. We recommend the Italian, French and Japanese as our top 3 favourites.This is the first resort we have ever been at that we had to ask for the drinks to be watered down. Lots of variety and the bartenders remembered our names after just the first night.Shows were good. They do repeat them each week. There is an ealry show at 9 and then a later show at 11 which is more adult oriented. Rooms were incredible. Every room is a large jacuzzi suite with a roomy balcony and separate seating area.We were lucky with the weather-two solid weeks of sun and over 100 degrees each day with the humidity. It was only one week after Hurricane Dean hit but no damage to the resort. Beach is fabulous as well. There is a sunken ship off the shore that is nice to look at. Beach is large with white sand and very clean. Hundreds of thatched huts that provide lots of shade and a bar and snack area. Very few vendors bugging you which is nice.There is a lobby bar that is really nice to veg at after the show. The nightclub Congas was great-more than you would expect from a resort.So many good things to say but the following should give you an idea of how good the resort was. My husband (one one month!!) does not really like to stray far from home and near the end of our second week he asked if we could stay longer so we called our travel agent!!!Do not drink the tap water or even use it to brush your teeth but it is not a problem as they provide bottled water, beer and pop every day in your in room fridge to use. Tips go a long way down here - even small ones - as most of the staff only make $60 US per week. We didn't even leave the resort for the entire two weeks because we had such a great time. Great gym too and mini golf. Very few kids - most of the people were couples or couples with kids that were under age 2.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jer35rie
<Content>Great resort and Amazing Staff!       Ocean  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Catino_family
<Content>Truly A 5 Star Resort And Number 1 In The Dominican Republic!!! My boyfriend and I visited the Bahia Principe Punta Cana resort from aug. 26th to sept. 1st of 2007. We both travel a lot and had been to the Dominican Republic in the past. As a result of our previous experiences, we were skeptical about what to expect. However, as soon as we arrived at the hotel we were immediatly charmed by the professionalism of the staff and the beauty of the surroundings. The check-in was quick and we were brought to our room right away. I must say that we were also quite impressed with the cleanliness of the room and of the hotel in general. It is spotless and beautiful. The beach is gorgeous and the ocean is a delight to swim in. My boyfriend and I were pleased by the lay out of the resort, which also comprises the Bahia Principe Bavaro resort. The property is just big enough as we enjoy taking long walks, and for those who don鈥檛 like walking as much, it also offers a continuous shuttle service. Throughout our stay, we got to eat at several 脿 la carte restaurants as well as at the buffet. When it comes to the food at all-inclusive resorts, we usually expect the worst but surprinsingly, we were more than happy with the quality and variety of the meals served. Although we enjoyed all of our meals, our favorite 脿 la carte restaurant was the italian one. We both had pasta and pizza and thought them to be quite good! One thing that we really appreciated about the Bahia Principe is that the crowd was mainly families and couples. Never did we come across drunks screaming and making fools of themselves. During our previous stays in Punta Cana, we had experienced different hotels and although they had 5 stars ratings, they were not half as good as the Bahia Principe is. The food was never up to standard and the people were loud and classless. Staying at the Bahia Principe Resort definitely reconciliated us with the idea that Punta Cana can be a wonderful travel destination. It is definitely nicer and more updated than other resorts such as the Majestic Colonial, the Iberostar Bavaro and the RIU.The standards of quality at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana are high and definitely meet the expectations one can have when staying at a 5 star category hotel. For us, The Bahia Principe Punta Cana resort is without any doubt, the number 1 resort in the Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blangada
<Content>The perfect week My husband and I spent our honeymoon at the Bahia Principe from September 16th to the 23rd, and what can I say... The resort is absolutely gorgeous! We stayed on the Bavaro side of the resort, and since we were on our honeymoon, we were upgraded to the Diamond club, which gives you access to a private pool reserved for Diamond and Hacienda members, and also gives you access to the Italian restaurant for breakfast and lunch (we had breakfast there once). If you prefer the pool to the beach, I would recommend upgrading to one of the clubs mentioned above because the private pool is alot less crowded than the other two pools on the resort.We stayed in villa 31 room number 31304. The villa was perfectly located, right in the middle of the resort. The lobby was 5 minutes away, as was the beach. We found this to be very convenient.ROOMThe room was the perfect size. The bathroom had a tub with jets, the bed was comfortable, there were enough pillows (if you need an extra one all you have to do is ask the maid), there was a little livingarea, and the balcony was a good size, and had a table with 2 chairs on it. STAFFThe staff was very friendly. All you would hear all day is Hola! If you need help with anything, they will do there best to assist you, or will refer you to the right place or person. Everybody works very hard at keeping the resort clean. I don't think I've seen a place that clean in Montreal!FOODThe food was amazing. After reading the reviews on here, we were a little worried about the food. And now, having been to the Bahia, I do not understand what people complain about. The buffet restaurant was great. Breakfast was the same every morning, but with all the variety of warm dishes, cereals, fruits and breads, you can have something different every day. I stuck to my omelettes, and was not once disappointed. We never had the buffet for lunch, but had it for supper Sunday night (American), Thursday (Dominican) and Saturday (gala). They were all very good. So much to choose from. I enjoyed the roasted pig at the Dominican night, and the flaming coffee on gala night. Like I said there's so much to choose from.For lunch we would eat at the beach. There are 2 snack bars at the beach; Las Olas and Piscis. They were both really good. Both places have about the same things: hot dogs, hamburgers, pasta, fish, chicken, fresh fruit. Las Olas had some pretty good ribs, and Piscis had some really good thin crust pizza. My husband who's a pizza lover said it's one of the best pizzas he's ever had!We went to 3 a la carte restaurants, the Cafe de Paris (French gourmet), the Garden Grill (steak) and the Japanese. The Japanese restaurant reminded us of home. There was sushi as an appetizer, soup, and the typical chicken, beef, shrimp and fish with rice and vegetables on the side. You can decide to have all of the above if you want. What we liked about this restaurant is you got to see the cook make it in front of you. If you go here, you have to have the fried ice cream for dessert.The restaurant we disliked the most was the Garden Grill. It was actually very disappointing. The service was horrible, the food below average. My husband had the rib eye and I had the shrimp brochette. We both did not enjoy our dinners. And then there's the Cafe de Paris. It's in a league of it's own. Wow. The food was succulent. My husband had the seafood bisque, and I had the pumpkin soup, both delicious. Then as the main course, he had the filet mignon and I had the lamb chops. I have to admit I even licked the bone, it was so good! The only complaint would probably be that there was no steak knife for the beef. My husband had the cheese plate for dessert. If you like cheese, order this, you will be wowed. I thought it was unbelievable. They wheel in 7-8 different types of cheeses on a cart, and cut a piece of each, and serve it with dried fruit and an assortment of breads. And not only was the food good here, the service was impeccable. BEACHThe beach was gorgeous. Turquoise. I had seen pictures of the beach, and I have heard people talk about how beautiful it is, but you have to see it to believe it. It was my first time down south, but to me that was just amazing. The perfect amount of waves, no rocks, golden sand... and clean.POOLSLike I said, we had our private pool, so what we would do was go to the beach in the morning, and then to the pool in the afternoon, til about dinner time. It was fun, and very relaxing. We went to the main pool once, and did not like it, plus we got better service at the bar at our pool. There's another pool facing the Diamond club pool, it's open to everybody. What I liked about that pool was the fact that there were alot of activities going on there, volleyball, basketball, ping pong, etc.SAONA ISLANDWell worth the trip. We loved it. Took a catamaran there along with 20-30 other people. Had a blast. The beach there was little rocky, but alot clearer than the one at the resort believe it or not.The food there was good (BBQ on the beach). We took a speed boat to a natural swimming pool in the middle of the ocean (never going to forget that) and even held a starfish!In all, the resort is amazing. Words can not describe this place. We are looking forward to going back.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beach_grl_at_heart07
<Content>Best Vacation I've Ever Been On! This is the first time I've been to the Caribbean and the first time I've experienced an all-inclusive resort. I most definitely fell in love with the place and everything there!The Gran Bahia Principe was amazing!! The rooms were very clean. The resort was very clean, they paid special attention to detail and it made a huge difference.There were 4 pools, but we mainly used the one by the beach. Juan was our bartender at that pool and he was great! Our daily schedule was breakfast around 8, beach by 9. There were plenty of chairs available when we got there. We participated in beach volleyball and the other fun activities they staff had planned. We played bocce ball and took the dance lessons. Very fun! Usually around 4 we would head to the pool and hang out there until 6 (when the pool bar closed). During those two hours there was always great entertainment going on. After that we would head to our room, relax and shower. Dinner was around 9 every night and then head out to the show of the night. The shows were always great! I was always so impressed. After that, hit up the pueblo principe for some live music and the club if you're still awake. The trolly is helpful, but not necessary. It's a nice walk from the beach to the main lobby area. The lobbies are beautiful. Ok, here it is, my advice to you: 1. Bring a bunch of $1s - you will need them for tips. Leave a couple for your maid each day, and bring a couple to the bartenders that treat you right. 2. If you have the chance, book your stay in the Golden Club - your rooms will be closer to the beach. We did and our's was the first villa by the beach, the pool right outside our window. Perfect location. 3. Book your special dinners in the restuarants when you first arrive, they fill up fast. The grill is great. The italian place had great food, but took forever. 4. Participate in the beach and pool activities, they are great fun and you get a tan while doing it. 5. Try sailing or another water activity. 6. Walk down the beach to the little market selling things - and negotiate prices! I got a bunch of stuff for cheap. 7. Eat lunch at the grill by the pool by the beach, don't bother going all the way up to the lobby - it's a waste of time.That's it! Have a great trip and stay at the Bahia Principe!! (I still have the farewell song in my head after 5 months)  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>coach005
<Content>Extremely Disappointed My husband and I have been waiting all year to go on a tropical vacation-- which was very disappointing. Our stay was 7days/6nts of full frustration and no relaxation. Our original reservation being booked by a website availabe to airline employees only was at the Bavaro side of the hotel. The hotel has 2 sides which mirror one another with the same amenites and we were told they were both accessible reguardless which side you were in. We checked in at Bavaro and they did not have a reservation at that side and wheeled us in a tram over to the Punta Cana side. They put us in a room at the Bavaro side, but only were allowed to use Punta Cana amenties, bar,buffet,etc. Once in the room, housekeeping had to be called the first night because of hairballs on the floor, which had to be mopped and sanitized. Our sheets had to be replaced because of sour linens, our toilet overflowed, and at least twice we had no washcloths. There are 3 pools, but you can only use 2 if you did not upgrade to the Royal Club--which simply means you have a cabana boy and an extra night to make a reservation at the restaurant of your choice---which fill up very quicky. This is a huge property and very loud. It is filled with all ages. The only thing that made this trip was that the people of Dominica are beautiful and very respectable. I researced this property several months before travelling thru TripAdvisor and it is listed #4 out of 56 hotels. I am not the type of person who listens to what other people say, but maybe next time I should.The food was definitely not to our liking and sometimes couldn't even tell what it was. My husband and I travel every year to the carribean and this was definitely our first letdown in 5 years.Sincerely,TimMelindaSan Antonio TxP.S. As a manager of a major airline, we speak to many people in the business that are always looking of new places to travel--this hotel beware!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	4	4	

<Author>debnpaul
<Content>Nice holiday.... but We travelled with First Choice again on this holiday, our second time to the Dominican Republic but the first time to this hotel, flight was excellent as usual - no delays, and we were checked in to the hotel on the way from the airport - so when we got there it was straight to our rooms to unpack ... and explore. The site is big - split into two Punta Cana and Bavaro, down the middle (something we were not aware of) - the trams/buses that run are excellent, running from one end of the site to the other and very frequently - you wont have to wait long for one.Accommodation was really good ( although with hindsight we feel we should have changed our room - and advice would be if you are given a room at the back of the buildings which face the roads either side of the resort request a change. As these roads are service roads used by the staff, when changing shifts, deliveries to restaurants, rubbish collection etc. and therefore at certain times of the day very noisy). Our room was clean, tidy and the Maid kept the room as such and we had some lovely towel displays. Make sure you try out the Jacuzzi bath!The food in the main buffet was good, but choice was limited - even on the theme nights, and on some occasions the food was cold/ luke warm. However the salads and fruit selection was wide and on the whole a good selection available. The only other thing worth mentioning here regarding this restaurant is the labels they put with the food - these were not always correct - for example, I decided one night to have vegetable soup (labelled as such) so imagine my surprise to find several bits of chicken in it. (I'm not a vegetarian so did not matter to me - but if I had been - I probably would have stronger words to say)The Gourmet restaurants - the French Restaurant - food was good (would not class as A La Carte - however) we went twice (due to a 2 week stay) on our first visit the waiters tried to serve us with incorrect starters - twice. On our second visit they took our dessert order and then forgot about us... This restaurant appears to have good service when they are not busy - when they get busy they start panicking and things go wrong. The Mexican was ok - nothing special. The Italian was good, my husband found his starter particularly good as the choice and presentation was excellent - although we were told by our Rep that she had had some mixed reviews. The Garden Grill was a different story altogether - we found the service bad as well as the food - would suggest giving this a miss completely (but we might have just hit it on a really bad night!) The Japanese restaurant was fine - although my Husband was a bit disappointed when he was offered Tea expecting Japanese but got a PG tips tea bag in a cup...Overall the sight was good, nice clean swimming pools and beach, on the whole the staff were friendly and made every effort to assist us if needed. However, most of the staff could only speak limited English, which was an issue sometimes and we would recommend learning some basic Spanish before going.The evening shows were well put together, the dancers were good. Worth seeing the Michael Jackson show and the Lion King is good for the kids (we think both these shows tour the resorts).Would we visit this hotel again? Probably not, it was good, but for us it was too big, which may have impacted the service we received.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>juanita_25
<Content>Can't wait to go back       walking to the villas  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>docfromatl
<Content>Just as Good the Second Time Around Background: This was our second foray to Punta Cana. I attended a medical seminar at the Grand Bahia in February of 2007, our first visit to the Dominican Republic. My wife and I, typically with our good friends, have traveled quite extensively and, during our initial trip, we were quite impressed with the resort, meals, staff and value. The four of us in small party (two couples) for this September trip ranged in age from 47 to 55. As stated in my original review of the hotel for our February trip, we felt that the Grand Bahia was an excellent value with regard to the average cost per day. For what averaged to be $150 per day, we received round trip air on Delta from Atlanta to Punta Cana, direct, Club Golden room, meals and drinks. So, the fact that I could not find a single three pound lobster or have my martinis made with Grey Goose vodka did not detract from this trip. Booking: I would highly recommend CheapCaribbean.com. With every package, their clients are provided emergency medical evacuation insurance and hurricane cancellation insurance - at no charge. Our party was also provided private transfers from the airport to the hotel. I actually found a lower price on another travel web site than I did when I first started researching this trip, which ran from September 1-8. I, however, was impressed with the background on CheapCaribbean and its owner Jim Hobbs after reviewing their website. So, I fired off an email to Jim asking if he would match the price I found on another website. I was quite impressed when I received a call from Jim, himself, stating he would be delighted to match the price found elsewhere. I then developed a personal relationship with Jim's assistant Melanie Reshatar and they delivered, and then some, on everything promised. CheapCaribbean's Punta Cana destination manager Elso Rijo met our party at the airport after clearing customs along with a driver and personally escorted us to the Grand Bahia. About five minutes outside of the airport, he stopped at a roadside store and picked up four frosty-cold Presidente beers for us and absolutely refused to take a dime. I can certainly afford to purchase four beers, but the fact that Elso, without our provocation, purchased them on his own is a reflection of just how well CheapCaribbean looks out for their clients.  Aiport in Punta Cana: Upon debarking the plane and first entering the airport in Punta Cana, you will be asked to take a photograph with some lovely Dominican senoritas, dressed in colorful traditional clothing. When you return to the airport following your trip, you will be afforded the opportunity to purchase this photo for $8. You are under no obligation to purchase this. There will be a $10 per person tourist card fee paid upon entry into Punta Cana. After we collected our luggage, we were waived through Customs where we met Elso holding a sign with our names on it. We were driven to the hotel in an air conditioned vehicle.  Arrival at the Grand Bahia: Club Golden guests check in with private concierges at the Club Golden office, which is located immediately on the left shortly after passing through the security gait. As impressed as I was with the personalized service from CheapCaribbean.com, I was equally impressed with the service from the Club Golden representatives, in our case a lovely young lady named Jained (pronounced Jay-Ned, basically a Dominican version of Janet) Pernia. Approximately four days before our departure, Jained e-mailed me to welcome me back as a Royal Golden Principe returning guest and asked if I would like to book an a la carte restaurant each night of our seven nights at the hotel. Normally, Club Golen guests typically are afforded four a la carte reservations during a seven night stay, while the standard room package allows for three a la carte bookings for a seven night stay. So, not only did we book the restaurants of our choice, we had our exact dining time, in our case 7 PM. Upon arriving at the Club Golden office, I immediately ran into Jained and she gave all in our party a welcome hug and we were greeted from her with welcome home. A friendly bartender from the Club Golden office brought over a few Cuba Libres for us to enjoy as Jained went over our paperwork and our reservations. We had been in touch with Laura Vogler from the sales department via email. We had met Laura during our initial stay at the hotel for the medical conference I attended. When possible, Laura will grant your room requests. How she corresponds and juggles the requests of hundreds of guests, I will never undestand. She offers the impression, however, that you are the only one she corresponds with despite the fact she probably received dozens of emails per day.  Room: After receiving our wristbands, in this case platinum colored bands indicating we were VIP returning guests, we were whisked to our room via motorized golf carts. We were in building 20, second floor, adjacent to the pool and beach. We had an obstructed (by tall palm trees) ocean view and a full pool view. As a returning VIP guest, we were provided bathrobes, slippers, free use of the electronic safe, a welcome plate of fruite, a bottle of champagne and a large bottle of Brugal Extra Viejo Rum. Our air conditioner worked perfectly to keep the room chilled and the room is also equipped with a ceiling fan. A separate bathroom with marble vanities and large garden tub and shower with removal and adjustable shower head was immaculately clean. Again, VIP guests are provided various shampoos, conditioners, body lotions, bath oils, sewing kits, shaving kits, combs, etc. The room refrigerator is stocked with both diet and regular Pepsi, large bottles of water and Presidente beer. A note on the pillow to let the maid staff know of our desires would always be granted. I politely asked if I could exchange my bottle of champagne for another bottle of Brugal rum. Our request was granted x 3! There was no iron or ironing board in our room. My wife, however, always brings a small travel iron. A patio is equipped with table and chairs. The television offered approximately 40 channels, most in English. Room keys are electronic in nature. Maid: We received excellent surface from our maid. We left $4 a day on the pillow with notes offering muchas gracias para servicio excellente and any requests for water or, in our case, diet Pepsi. There was never an issue with theft or anything missing from the room. In fact, I left my laptop, perhaps foolishlesly, in the room and I never gave it a second thought. As a Club Golden guest, beach and pool towels are automatically provided in your room by the maid, so you do not need to carry towel cards.  Restaurants: We ate at the Le Gourmet (twice), Italian (our favorite on this trip), Japanese (Benihana style) restaurant, Garden Grill (very tender and tasty steaks) and Seafood (El Pescador). For breakfast, one could dine in the main lobby buffet or at the El Pescador restaurant (at the pool, but not as huge a selection as the main buffet at the lobby section of the hotel). For lunch, there were at least four options for buffet dining, snack and sandwhich restaurants, two being outdoor. As a physician, I am a fanatic about food handling and preparation. I can say that I ate everything, including the more exotic seafood salads, fruits, veggies and never had the first sign of an upset stomach. For Club Royal Golden guests, they have access to 24 hour room service.  Note on Hygiene: There have been some posts reporting illness at this hotel and its sister hotel. I can tell you, without hesitation, that I would eat anything at the Grand Bahia hotel in Punta Cana. I am concerned, however, about the personal hygiene of many guests. I would observe men leave the restroom and head immediately to the buffet line without washing their hands. I saw children with their fingers in not so clean orifices of their bodies picking food with their fingers from the buffet. I think the hotel would be well served to offer hand sanitizers throughout the resort. It would, hopefully, encourage anyone to use them before and after handling communal utensils at the buffets.  Drinks: Most of the time, we would enjoy drinks at the pool, where fantastic service was available from a host of very friendly and courteous bartenders, including Ramon, Juan, John, Daniel and Mildre. I read a recent hotel review stating that the bartenders would not make a drink, despite the fact that they had all the ingredients, if the drinks were not on the Grand Bahia official drink menu. I beg to differ. They will make you as many drinks, with any ingredients you desire, all day, with a smile. While they don't have every make of every premium liquor, they have a good representative selection of rum, vodka, gin and scotch. We tended to stay away from the fruity, sweet drinks, in favor of Cuba Libres. While we don't have Bubba kegs, we do have insulated mugs that I obtained from the hospitals I work at and the bartenders were all too happy to fill them. At night, we would spend several hours listening to the music in the main lobby and enjoying cigars and cocktails. Excellent service was offered by Olga and Martina. We had met Olga on our last trip and when she spotted us, she quickly recognized us and gave us a huge hug.  Shows: We are not big show people, but did see the Michael Jackson revue. This high energy performer really puts on a good show and is accompanied by a troupe of dancers. This is all lipsynched, but we enjoyed it. We never made another show during our stay. Beach:Wow! Beautiful white sandy beach and nice aqua blue waters. There are numerous palapas (shaded palm frond umbrella type structures) on the beach to shade you from the sun. The sun is intense, even for dark skinned individuals that never burn. Use lots of sunscreen and apply it in the room before you start sweating (this is the doctor here speaking). They do offer beach bar service. Pool:Although we used the main pool by the beach, they have two other pools, but these are reserved for Diamond Club guests. As return VIP Club Golden guests, your bracelet will identify you as one who may use these pools. These secondary pools, which we never visited, provide a more quiet atmosphere. It is at the main pool that the animation team encourages guests to dance and they play some lively meringue and other Latin and, occasionally, American tunes. The pool is 10 seconds from the beach. They offer drink service by lively cocktail servers and also have a swim up bar as mentioned earlier. There is a snack bar by the pool.Pueblo Principe: The Pueblo Principe is a Dominican style shopping and entertainment center located at the entrance of Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana and offers nightly entertainment, a disco, clothing, cigar and gift shops, internet access, the casino and Karaoke bar. This starts hopping after the lobby bars close at 11 PM. By that time, we were too pooped to take part in the casino, disco, entertainment in the courtyard at Pueblo Principe, etc. Service:Here is where this place shines. I read reviews about surly staff, rude waiters, uncaring bartenders. Not at this place!!! If you receive this unsatisfactory service, I would imagine you must be a person that rudely butts his or her way to the bar and demands service. Management has trained their service personnel well and everyone greets you with hola or a mucho gusto (nice to meet you) or con mucho gusto (with much pleasure) in response to your gracias. This is everyone. They really seem to enjoy their jobs here and are not simply going through the motions. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me at SportsMedAtlanta@aol.com. I will be happy to give you some personal 鈥渋nside鈥?contacts. If you have an open mind and do not nit-pick the small stuff, you will thoroughly enjoy your vacation. Doc and SusanaAtlanta, GA  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>dajngold
<Content>Good but not great Being from another Caribbean state, I was a bit apprehensive about what this resort could offer someone who is all too familiar with sun, sea and sand. Also, I was traveling solo. I was certainly impressed with how well the rooms and the grounds were kept. The resort transportation trams were reliable ...a requirement when you are in a beach-front villa and the buffet restaurant, nightly entertainment, spa and shops are 25-30 minutes away when walking briskly. All the rooms are the same-Junior Suites and are a decent size. I booked the Golden Principe Club plan and it was worth the small extra costs for the private checking in and out, the room service (for the really lazy day), internet access and a larger number of a la carte dining (4 for a 5-day stay.) The buffet Restaurant had sufficient choices, especially for those who don't gorge themselves on EVERY dish at EVERY meal setting.The staff was helpful, some more than others. Although I made arrangement from early morning with the bellman to collect my luggage on my departure day, I waited for more than a 1 hour after the agreed pick-up time. I kept calling up until my actual departure time and he failed to show up. Thanks to one of the grounds staff, who saw me struggling with my luggage and decided to help, I was only 15 minutes late for my check-in at the airport.While the language (it is a Spanish speaking country) posed some difficulty at times, I thought that that was my problem; not their. They certainly knew more English than I knew Spanish!I was elated that there was a spa but wasn't impressed with the limited offerings there, although treatments were not that expensive compared with other resort spas I have visited. Additionally, there were not sufficient excursion choices for me although those who are enamored by the sea would love what was available. I thought there would be more sightseeing-When I visit a country, I like to know that I have visited a country, not just a resort. I asked about it and my tour operator basically said there was none. Not sure this was actually a fact. All in all I enjoyed the room, the food choicesand the cleanliness of the hotel. The staff was pleasant, especially in the buffet restaurants. The grounds were well kept and there is a definite attempt to please. I am still not sure this resort measures up to many other 5-star properties I have stayed at but it was value for money. I would visit this resort again but this time with a group a friends.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	4	5	4	3	4	

<Author>AerialLisbon
<Content>Good resort       Pool  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>maryse1228
<Content>WOW but lots of spanish       japanese resto  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>dstutt
<Content>Go NOW! I've been to several all inclusives. This one is awesome. Beautiful hotel, grounds, beach...Something for everyone. Great staff, food, location.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mr_mrs_7
<Content>tying the knot me my now husband and our son stayed over christmas, and married at the hotel on dec 22nd, everything about our stay was amazing!!!.the hotel is spotless, the staff very friendly, and the beach out of this world. there is a vast choice of restaurants and bars, can highly recommend the steakhouse. On the day of our wedding everything went like clockwork and was completely stress free thanx to our 2 wedding co-ordinators, who saw to every last detail, all we had to do was turn up! the wedding meal was in cafe de paris on the punta cana side of the hotel, and the staff made us feel very special. we always said we would never go to the same hotel twice as there are so many other places to fit in during a lifetime, but after travelling to many many places, we are looking into returning to the hotel for our 1st wedding anniversary.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>EvangeYUL
<Content>Cannot Ask For Anything More To be quite honest, we were reluctant to travel to the Dom. Republic for our vacation. Let me tell you: we have been converted. The property is impecably clean. The rooms are very comfortable. The mini-bar is restocked every day with bottled water, soft drinks and beer. The grounds keepers are always at work trimming, planting, cleaning. The food at the buffet is above average (in comparison with other all inclusives). The 脿 la carte restaurants was excellent. The beach was fabulous, although a little wavy - keep in mind that Hurricaine Dean was brewing in the vicinity. The best I saved for last: the staff. They were, without exception, tremendous. Everything they did, they did with a smile, with a dance in their step, with a true and heartfelt desire to please. They did everything Con mucho gusto - which is the phrase they used exclusively in response to a Gracias. For those who don't speak Spanish, it means with much pleasure.We're already planning our return visit for Spring Break.Hasta que volvemos.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>roundboy1
<Content>An English Family In Paradise       Signage At Main Entrance  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>craigMaesteg
<Content>faboulous holiday Have just returned from a two week stay at the Bahia Principe.Our two week holiday was fantastic and we would most certainly return.The hotel is immaculate, the food was very good,and the al a carte restaurants were of a very good standard.The staff are very friendly and helpful.The beach is beautiful and we never found a problem obtaining sun beds.we enjoyed taking a stroll around the shopping resort where you can enjoy the outside entertainment or go into the karaoke bar.The michael jackson show was great highly recommend going to see it.the train service was very efficient and runs up to 3am.The rooms were lovely very spacious and kept clean by the daily maid service.The other good service was the express service where we would order an iron and ironing board and it would be delivered immediately.My partner went scuba diving 12 times he enjoyed it very much but foung it a lot more expensive compared to mexico and egypt.This was a fantastic holiday and is worth a 4 star+ Rachel Jones Maesteg mid glamorgan south wales.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>tripper27
<Content>Not 5 star but nice Beautiful grounds, well maintained. We were Diamond upgrade in the Bravaro side (Villa 30), nice room with excellent housekeeping. Buffet was good as a matter of fact we skipped one of our nights at an ala-carte and went to the buffet as we wanted to stay in shorts. By the way we noticed there was selective enforcement on the long pants rule. Shouldn't have that rule anyway IMHO, Food was good, but definately not 5 star by a long shot. My only real complaint were the drinks at the swim up bar, very poor quality and limited selection. You can only get what's on the menu, bartenders are not allowed to make anything else even though the ingredients are available. It would also be nice to have a variety of music (it was all spanish).  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>SunDanceKid1980
<Content>Loved the Michael Jackson performance!       Theatre  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>OhioFlojo
<Content>Beautiful resort, great beach, slice of paradise! We returned from our Aug 7-14 stay at the Bahia. I will try to cover as much as possible, but these are just my family鈥檚 opinions. My husband and I are both 42, and we had our 12  10 year old kids with us.AIRPORT: What a breeze! Through customs in minutes, got our bags and out the door. Our transfer, Club Caribe, was waiting for us and we were on our way. About a 35 minute ride to the resort. We were the only ones in the van.LOBBY/CHECK IN: The resort lobby is beautiful. You are greeted with a drink in an open air lobby full of marble. I had emailed before we left requesting a room close to the beach on an upper floor. When we got to the check in, I again asked for this. We were upgraded to Diamond Club for no charge. We were told this is normally $30 per day more, per person, so we were excited. Our room was not ready, so we had a drink in the lobby and came back 30 minutes later. This time we were given our keys and the bellboy drove us to our room. We tipped the guy at check in (Junior) $20 for all of his help.ROOM: We were in building 27, room 307. It is about 5 buildings back from the beach, but just a short walk. We came to really like this location. Upon entering the room we found all kinds of welcome gifts: 4 shirts (one for each of us 鈥?3 polo shirts and 1 t-shirt), 2 baseball caps, a Bahia bag, bottle of rum, bottle of champagne, fruit basket and platter of deserts! I don鈥檛 know if they do this for all Diamond guests, but we were more than happy! The room had 2 double beds, and a small couch already made up for one of the kids to sleep in. There was towel art everywhere, as well as fresh flowers. I felt like were in the honeymoon suite.There was a view of the courtyard from the balcony, along with a table and 2 chairs. There was also a table and chairs in the room. The fridge was stocked with water, 1 beer and several pops. We later requested more of everything, and it was always filled. The bathroom was large, with the Jacuzzi tub and separate toilet area. We had 2 robes and slippers in the closet for our use. We also had our beach towels waiting in the room for us. The room stayed cold, but you had to really push the balcony door hard to make it come back on. We did have tiny ants in the room daily. It may have been from the fruit, but even when that was gone they were still there. Room was cleaned daily, and we always left a small gift and tip. BEACH/POOLS: There is one huge pool right by the beach. It was busy, but we did not use this one much. The swim up bar here looked crowed at most times. Lots of activities around the pool area. There are 2 pools in the middle of the resort. One is for Diamond guests only, but I did not see anyone checking bracelets. We used this pool daily. It was never crowded and had a swim up bar. We could always find a shady spot no matter what time we came here. The other pool is across the street, and I believe it is for all to use. It also has a bar and swim up bar. This one was a little busier, and in the afternoon there would be games going on here.The beach is beautiful. The Bahia beach property is very large. It did get busy and somewhat crowded right in front of the main pool area. This is where volley ball is set up, and each day they had aerobic and dance lessons here. If you went to the right or left side of the beach, there were plenty of chairs. There were always plenty of loungers available in the shade. However, I did notice that most of the shady spots around the pool were taken by 9:30. There is a bar on the beach to the right. There is also a bar by the pool to the left, which is easily accessed from the beach. You can also get drinks in the snack bar to the left, which is on the beach. We sat on the left side everyday. It was a little quieter here, and we were only steps away from food, drink and restrooms.Yes, there is quite a bit of topless sunbathing here. I had talked to my kids about it before we arrived, but I have to say I myself was surprised at how prevalent it was. I am no prude, but was still surprised to see women playing paddle ball, running on the beach, waiting in line at the bar, walking around the pool鈥ith very little on.FOOD: We found the food to be good. We had 4 restaurant reservations, so we did not eat dinner in the buffet more that a couple of times. There was plenty of choice there, with a pasta station and a grill where a different meat was being cooked each evening. We ate breakfast in the main buffet one morning, and there was a huge variety. Because we were Diamond, we had access to our own restaurant (the Italian restaurant) for breakfast and lunch. We really enjoyed this. There was a smaller variety of food, but plenty to choose. The omelet station was great, and you could get eggs cooked any way. For lunch it is Italian, and you order off the menu. There were pasta, pizza, and meat selections. It was very good. I believe the Mexican restaurant near the main pool is open for all for breakfast and lunch. We ate at the Gourmet (French), Garden Grill (Steakhouse), Japanese and Italian. We enjoyed them in that order. We had great filet mignon and lamb chops at the Gourmet, very tender tenderloin at the Garden Grill. The Japanese was fun, but not he best we have ever had. I was disappointed in the Italian for dinner. It may just have been what I ordered (fish) because it was great for lunch. The service in all of the restaurants was very good, and we always left a tip.We ate most of our lunches at the beachside snack restaurant. There are 2 snack/lunch restaurants to choose from. The main one is right in front of the main pool. This one seems to get pretty busy. It was basically the same every day: hamburgers and hot dogs (didn鈥檛 try), chicken, paella, rice, French fries, salad, fruit, rolls, pizza. The other restaurant is to the left side of the pool (facing the ocean). This restaurant was never very crowded. It is open until 6:00 PM. The same food, but no pizza. I got tired of eating the same thing, and thought of all the food we had at the resort, this was my least favorite.SHOWS/ENTERTAINMENT: We went to several shows while we were there. We saw the Bahia Spectacular (think show girls dancing), the circus (very entertaining), Michael Jackson (pretty good 鈥?lots of dancing). We did not think the shows were all that good. There is also music is the Punta Cana lobby nightly. Both lobbies are great for just sitting back and having a drink. We had late dinner reservations on several nights, and we were just tired from all day in the sun that we were in bed early. TRIPS: We took a 2 hour snorkeling trip, which we booked directly at Scuba Caribe on the beach. It was $31 per person. They take you about 25 minutes to a reef; you snorkel for about an hour, then return. We did see many fish, although they were not very large. We still enjoyed this. We also did the banana boat. You will see the boat just past the dive shop. It was $40 for 4 of us for about 15 minutes. We told the driver to go faster, and he happily sped up. MISC: We tipped daily at breakfast and dinner. The workers were always very friendly and work very hard. Most workers spoke at least some English, but knowing some key Spanish phrases will help. We used the internet in the Diamond lounge several time. My son and husband used the tennis court several times. They do have racquets available. We never had more than a slight upset stomach, probably due to changes and amount of food and drink. The resort is beautiful, very clean. We found the beds to be very comfortable, and were given extra pillows upon request.This was our second all inclusive, having stayed at Iberostar Tucan in Mexico 2 other times. We all agreed that we liked the Bahia resort better. Newer, better food, friendly staff, air conditioned restaurants. We found this vacation nearly perfect.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BigBirdMontreal
<Content>Enjoyed every minute I booked my trip at the Bahia Principe Aug 18th to the 25th.The resort is wonderful and very well kept. The staff are very friendly but at times we had communication issues as we do not speak spanish and some have trouble understanding english or french but then again, I'm on vacation and for me it's not an issue. I strongly suggest that if you book this resort that you pay the extra money for the Royal Golden treatment as it's a very large resort and most of the action during the day is at the beach and the beach pool. If you book Golden your room will be near this area although there is a shuttle every 3-5 minutes. The food in general was ok to good. We booked at the French, Fish, Italian, Steak and Japanesse. Trust me on this, I enjoy good food and good wine and your best choice is the french and italian resturant. The only one that really irritated me was the Steak resturant. We were 3, we all ordered the surf a turf and in all 3 cases the steak and the porc were burnt ! Not overcooked, but literally burnt ! We ate the shrimp, my wife and I managed to cut a piece of the steak and porc to at least taste it which confirmed that it tasted exactly as how it looked. My son never managed to cut a piece to taste it ! We simply got up and walked out and went to the buffet. We spoke with people who went the next day and they also did not enjoy it. Remember people, what happens one day does not mean that it's always like this. I read reviews from people that mentionned it was the best steak they ever had so obviousely something was different when they went. I just wanted to mention it but lets not generalize. As for the wine, white or red, if you took a couple of drinks before , yo man, no problem, but if you didn't well you can make your own opinion on it . We were lucky we got a room in building 20, the best in my opinion. We were next to the beach and the beach pool and we had 2 snack bars and the fish resturant in which we could have breakfast and lunch therefore we didn't have to go to the main buffet at the other end much. If you want a great vacation I strongly suggest this resort and I would go back tomorrow if I could. Have a nice vacation  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>breezy99Peterborough
<Content>Excellent vacation spot I would like to start this review by saying that I was very concerned about this resort after reading the reviews on here.Having just returned from this resort I have to wonder what expectaqtions these people must have had.I stayed at the Bahia Principe for one week Aug 18-25th.From the moment I landed and got on the bus, the vacation was wonderful. The trip from the airport to the hotel was about 35 minutes. In that time, we were given information on the hotel, checked in and room keys given. When the bus arrived at the hotel we were greated with a glass of punch,our luggage was taken by bell boys and we were all taken straight to our rooms.  The Buffet is remarkable. What ever your taste in food is I am sure you will be very happy here. The individual restuarants were also very good. The Mediterranean was my least favorite but still very good. The staff were top notch. they were friendly helpful and all very hard working. The Beach is a great. Very clean. I had read that it was hard to find a spot to sit at the beach, but I can truly say at whatever time I headed to the beach there was always a perfect spot to be found. The activities on the beach are always fun, from the dancing to the volleyball, to the water sports. It is all great. The pools are also great. I just enjoyed the beach more. The rooms are spacious and clean. Actually everything in the resort was always spotless. Guest services at the hotel were always friendly and more then helpful with anything you needed. There is nothing negative i can say about this resort. If this is your pick you will have a great time.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ClairenMatt
<Content>Honeymoon in Heaven! Well, what can I say except, WOW. This place was great and we will definitely be returning. There isn't one bad thing I could say about this resort. It made our honeymoon even more special.All 3 pools were spotless and had music and entertainment going on most of the time, aqua-aerobics, free bingo etc. Did get very busy after around 10am though and although you aren't meant to, loads of people reserved beds with towels. We found that if we waited until lunchtime to go by the pool, we usually got a bed fine. Towel Service was great, you pick up a clean towel in the morning and give it back in the evening to be washed. Absolutely loved the swim up bar, and the staff were very friendly and certainly not short on the measures!Grounds were constantly being cleaned and gardens kept very tidy, bus service from one end of the resort to the other was great and ran about every 2 minutes for 22 hours a day. Beach was beautiful, white sand, clear blue water. Buffet restaurant (Bavaro side) was clean and waiters were really friendly and tried to have the best conversation with you in English that they could, if you know a little spanish, this really impresses them. Food theme changes every night and there is a great selection to choose from morning, lunchtime and dinner.A La Carte restaurants: Make sure you book these as soon as you get there, we waited until the next day and a few places were already fully booked for our first week. We went to the Japanese, which was our favourite, food was fantastic and cooked in front of you (if you get Sammy you're in for a good show), Mexican and Cafe de Paris were both great and the seafood restaurant was fantastic, if lobster is on the menu, go for it, best lobster we have ever tasted!Room was very roomy and kept clean with a maid every day. If you tip her she leaves amazing towel sculptures for you, we had swans, butterflies and elephants, really impressive.The entertainment was great some nights and ok others. Make sure you don't miss the Michael Jackson show and Circus, these were both excellent. The staff at the resort work so hard and are up early entertaining you by the pool and stay up late for the shows and disco. Where they get the energy from is anyone's guess.We went on 2 excursions, first was the Monster Truck Safari. This was exellent and I can highly recommend doing this one. Its great to see the other side of the Dominican Republic and how the people live. If you can, take some gifts for the children (old shoes, pens, paper shampoo etc.), as you visit a school where under-privileged children go and you get to give them gifts. This was both great to see and heart wrenching. The truck has a bar on it where you are given drinks all day long, and if you get Milton as your guide, you are in for a good day. Take some money for souvenirs too as you visit a shop which was very cheap, we didn't take enough money and regretted it.We also did the trip to Saona Island. This is where the bounty ads were filmed and is like paradise. This was great and you go on a catamaran to the island and speedboat back. You also have a BBQ on the island aswell.Don't think there is too much more I can say about this place. We will definitely be returning and I can highly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Moshepickle
<Content>Went Solo and Loved it I had to take a trip by myself because my girlfriend was not able to leave her commitments and I was on my own and on total burn out. After having Passport Canada lose my passport renewal for three and half months I booked the holiday at the last minute and have never been to Punta Cana.After reading some of the 鈥渂ad reviews鈥?on trip advisor I was getting concerned that I may have made a mistake as I really did not want any issues during my holiday.So I decided to drop my expectations on every level and just ride with it, as I knew the beaches are beautiful and all I wanted at the end of the day was sand, surf and rest. (Ok I also wanted to look at bikinis)(Girlfriend will discuss this with me after reading).Well to make this short and sweet... the hotel is very nice, the pools are great, the beaches are wow, the staff was very pleasant ( much better than Mexico), the room was nice and very clean, there was one person tending the property every ten feet, the food was so so.The food was鈥?hit and miss鈥?depending on where you ate. The French restaurant was great as so was the Italian. The buffets for breakfast, lunch and dinner became very routine and boring. Overall from a value point of view I think it was very worth while. My suggestion is to not worry about the food and focus on losing yourself in the beauty of the area and the hotel itself.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PermanentVacashun
<Content>LOVED the Gran Bahia! We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe from August 19 to August 26 in celebration of our 25th wedding anniversary. We booked the Gran Bahia based on reviews from friends and acquaintances. The resort greatly exceeded our expectations. The minute we arrived we were greeted by girls wearing traditional costumes, men playing the merengue and waiters bearing glasses of delicious fruit juice. What a way to start a vacation! Greetings of HOLA resonated throughout the spacious lobby putting all the travelers into an instant holiday mood which lasted the entire week. We upgraded to the Golden Club which allowed us to be checked in while we were enroute from the airport, so we were taken to our room immediately upon arrival. The rooms are gorgeous. They are neat and meticulously cleaned every day. The bathroom is spacious and very clean. We were nervous that there might be some insects in the rooms due to the country's location, but that was certainly not the case. Our mini-fridge was well stocked and became even more so after a tip to the maid of only $2. We usually left her $2 - $5 a day. We were very unsure as to the appropriate amount of money to tip, so we asked our tour guide and she assured us that we were being quite generous. Canadians are used to tipping 15% - 20%, so we thought $5 at the a la cartes was a little cheap, but she said it was quite the contrary. The wait staff at the restaurants were so very eager to please and accommodate. The people were always smiling and they tried their hardest to make our stay as enjoyable as possible. Sometimes the language barrier was difficult, but since we were in their country and did not speak Spanish it would be very unfair to place the blame on them. We tried to learn a little Spanish, which was kind of fun, and after a few days we could communicate well enough with the locals. My wife is even considering taking Spanish lessons as she found the people so endearing and the language so lovely. The bar tenders on the beach and the entertainment staff by the pool/beach were quite entertaining. They would break into song, dance the merengue with whomever was close by and bring a smile to all those around them. The mood they created was quite infectious. The beach is gorgeous, lots of white sand and turquoise waters. It was easy to get chairs and talapas; we never had a problem and we did not get to the beach until around 11 a.m. It was easy to spend 5-6 hours at the beach/pool. The restaurant on the beach allowed you to take a break from all the lounging around and refuel for the next round. The nightly entertainment was fun and different every evening. Our villa was right on the oceanfront and the restaurants were close to the lobby at the far end of the resort. Most often we walked from our room to the restaurants, which took no more than 10 minutes. If we were too tired we took a shuttle bus. We had 5 a la carte dinners. We ate at the Garden Grill, the French, the Japanese, the Mediterrean, and the Italian restaurants. They were all great; my wife's favourite was the Japanese as you got to see the chef prepare your meal. We took a couple of day trips off the resort in order to see more of what the island has to offer. The Bavaro Runners was excellent. It is an outback safari trip throughout the Dominican Republic. It is an eye opener for those of us from developed countries...a definite must to help put things into perspective. We also took a marina tour which included snorkeling and swimming with stingrays (minus the stingers) and nurse sharks (herbivores). That was pretty exciting! There is not one thing my wife and I found lacking in our holiday. It was such a wonderful way to spend our 25th and will cherish those memories forever. For all of you planning a trip to Punta Cana you will greatly enjoy yourselves. For all of you planning on staying at the Gran Bahia Principe, please do not pay too much attention to anything negative you might read on other reviews. I have read them upon my return and cannot believe my eyes. I can only concur that some people are very unhappy and find little pleasure anywhere they go. Enjoy your vacation and be happy. Adios!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ricky79
<Content>Perfect Stay I stayed there for a week and loved every second of my stay in the Golden section of the Bahia Principe. First of all let me say this hotel is very well maintained, beautiful vegetation, very very clean. I don't have one single complaint to issue. The people complaining here are just too picky or simply never happy with anything. Its my 6th trip down south, 1st time in Punta Cana and I can say without hesitation, that I would go back anytime. The Gourmet and Japanese restaurants are very good, the hotel is just huge, the club is actually pretty good. I was there with my girlfriend, and both of us loved this resort. Don't forget to tip them, I was so disappointed at the people who didn't tip especially in the a la carte restaurants where the service was fast and very good.The week went by so fast, the weather was hot and the beach is very nice at the resort. I would recommend this hotel to anyone planning a stay in Punta Cana  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SJGLondon
<Content>Fabulous Resort Just returned from the Dominican Republic and thought I'd post my comments on the resort. Overall, the resort is top class. The grounds and beach are immaculate. The rooms are of excellent standard and fastidiously clean. The staff cannot do enough for you, they are friendly, professional and always ready to help. The two smaller pools are fantastic AND yes, stay away from the main pool by the beach, full of algae and rammed with people. In our opinion the food is well above average for an all inclusive. The Buffet is great and yes if you have every item every night, it could be repetitive. You are able to book 3 a la carte restaurants per week and we highly recommend the french Le Gourmet, it was fantastic. The Italian is okay and the 'Garden Grill' well above average. The Beach BBQ is well below average.. the only appeal is the bbq'd lobsters, everything else is bland and below par. We didn't enjoy the beach buffet as the food was exposed and attracted flies and other insects.The evening entertainment was average and not to my liking, the shows reminded me of a 'Butlins' style attraction. The Pueblo was okay although stay away from the shops and markets there, the prices were astronomical!!! Stay away from the Casino.. zzzz boring and it's important to note that you will have to pay for your drinks here.We had 3 excursions planned. The Outback Safari was a thoroughly enjoyable day with a fantastic tour guide showing you the 'real' Dominican life. You visit a coffee plantation, a local home, school visit, and you end the day with a boogie board trip to a local beach. The Speedboating trip was a half day excursion which my boyfriend and I loved. We didn't enjoy the snorkelling though, which was over-managed and with very little to see.. in fact, sadly, most of the reef in the Dom Republic is barren and lifeless. We were 'supposed' to go on the Saona Island trip but the holiday rep (First Choice) failed to tell us that this had been cancelled. Imagine our 'delight' at waking up at 5:30am, ready in reception for 6.30am and sitting there for one and a half hours and finally giving up and going back to our rooms. When we finally got hold of our holiday rep, she informed us that she was certain that the local rep had told us that the trip had been cancelled.... yeah right, because I do enjoy getting up at 5:30am just for fun! There are only a few negatives for my holiday. One is the resort is just too big, there are hundreds of people staying and at times the beach-front was overcrowded and the pools full. The second negative is that the Dominican Republic is ridiculously expensive, it is geared towards the tourist market and they ask for ludicrious amounts of money for the smallest thing. My boyfriend's daughter wanted a half head of braids and they wanted US$50. At the airport, I bought 2 burger meals from the Wendy Store and they wanted US$18! My boyfriend wanted to play a round of golf but declined when hearing the price was US$150! Overall, a great holiday and I would definitely recommend it ... perhaps even coming back one day. Pack loads of sunscreen, you will need it!!!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>lizziebldn
<Content>perfect holiday i have been to the DR previously and love the country. I travelled in August with my daughter, son-in-law and granddaughter to Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana and was a bit apprehensive prior to travel as the hotel seemed so big. On arrival I began to feel my apprehension was justified but after just 24 hours I fell in love with the place. I never thought I could enjoy a holiday by doing nothing but sitting by the pool all day but this is just what I did and I thoroughly enjoyed every single second.The whole place is simply beautiful - the grounds are immaculate and well maintained, the staff are always happy and friendly and rooms kept lovely and clean.The only day we were unable to use the facilities was on the Saturday when Hurricane Dean paid us a visit but in the end this event only added to the extraordinary experience that we had.My only complaint really was the entertainment. At 8pm each evening there was childrens entertainment in the theatre and my granddaughter looked forward to this each day. On one occasion there was a fashion parade and the children involved seemed to have put a lot of work into it. However when they started parading in their swimwear my daughter and I left in disgust. This should not be allowed in todays society.There was also a lack of vegetarian food options and most of the a la carte restaurants had none so we were not able to use them. Despite the high quality of food in the buffet it got a bit repetitive after 2 weeks. The first meal I had on my return home was a good old plate of beans on toast!!On arrival back in the UK (where the temperature was 12 degrees, wet and grey) I just cried - I just wanted to be back in the DR!Our holiday for next year is booked already although we are going to try another resort on the south coast. However I will return to Gran Bahai at some point as I had the most fantastic holiday - thanks to all concerned.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Katerina8813
<Content>So So... My boyfriend and I stayed at the Gran Bahia Punta Cana on the Punta Cana side from August 5th-12th. We had a fantastic time. However, we did have a small incident during our stay there.PROS:Check in: They made us check in on the bus to the the hotel. By the time we got off the bus, they offered us a cocktail and took us straight to our villa. I was shocked to see a tiny bell boy carry two suitcases of about 40lbs each and and a carry-on up to the 2nd floor on his own. Very impressive.Food: We made our reservations on the morning after we got there. We were in the golden club so we had four A La Carte reservations. The mediterranean, the mexican, the italian and the the gourmet. I absolutely loved all four of them, however the mexican was my favourite considering we had fantastic service. (not that the other restaurants had bad service) The Buffet was also great. Food is different every night and the breakfast is fantastic. I loved the fact that there was a chef making eggs however you wanted them.Staff: Very friendly, anyone who walks by you will say hola and smile at you. If you have a problem, they will try their best to help you.Bavaro Runners: THIS IS A MUST!!! it was definately the highlight of our trip. you really get to know people from your (and other) resorts. we had a fantastic time on this trip. well worth the 80$many people on this site also comented about getting diarreah. this frightened me a little so i went prepared with 3 different types of diarreah medications. my boyfriend nor i had any problems with that. i didnt even brush my teeth with bottled water and i was perfectly fine. i think as long as you dont drink a gallon of water from the tap you should be fine.. p.s. the water and ice cubes they serve you in the pitchers at the restaurants is filtered water so you have nothing to worry aboutBeach: Gorgeous beach. People have stated that there isnt enough space under the palapas by 9am. my boyfriend and i got to the beach at around 11 every morning and we just walked 2 mins down the beach and we found space under a palapa every time.CONS:During our stay at the Gran Bahia Principe we did have an incident which i was not too pleased about. Everything went fine the whole time we were there... until the day before we left. we had gone to the beach and got back in the afternoon to rest only to notice that my earings had been broken by someone who entered our room while we were gone, even though the do not disturb sign was on our door knob. we went to file a report about it and obviously the maid denied it. they compensated us by giving us two tshirts and a bottle of rum which we were supposed to get upon our arrival to our room anyway, considering we were golden members. By reading other peoples reviews on the site, i have noticed that there had been quite a few incidents similar to mine with the staff there.also, we had to pay for the safe. i have been to other resorts and this is the only one where we had to pay for the safe. Its not the money so much, just the hassle of having to go to the main desk, sit down with a staff member.... it should just be included in the price like at other resorts.Nudity: i dont know if this is actually a con.. but for me, coming from america, i am not accustomed to nudity in public. i saw middle aged women doing fitness aerobics on the beach topless. that is not my idea of a relaxing day...ADVICE:well first off... next time i go on vacation i will put EVERYTHING of value in the safe at all times, even if you have to squeeze everything in. Dont take the chance. The staff will not (or rarely) replace or give you money for the items lost/stolen/broken. and if they do, it will certainly not be of equal monetary value.also, WEAR SUNSCREEN. the sun there is not the same like in other parts of the world. it is MUCH stronger.... atleast wear FPS 40. trust me you will thank us later!relax and enjoy! (and dont forget ur sunscreen)  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	5	3	2	

<Author>Jembar
<Content>Wonderful stay!! When we arrived, we up-graded to a gold level room (Villa 20), from Aug. 10 to Aug. 20, 2007 (two adjoining rooms). We had read the prior reviews for this all-inclusive hotel before making our reservations, which caused us some minimal concern. Nonetheless, our stay was absolutely wonderful!. The grounds are immaculate, the food was superb, the room was clean, comfortable, and roomy, and the facilities (including the beach) were marvelous! Please understand that I have particularly high expectations when I stay in a resort hotel. Our stay exceeded my expectations (my 14 year-old daughter and 16 year-old daughter both stated that this was their best vacation ever). The staff was very friendly (although most had limited english-speaking skills). Our flights on USA3000 from Baltimore were also highly regarded by us. The airport in Punta Cana is well run and only 30 minutes from the resort. Of the various restaurants, the Gourmet restaurant was our favoriite. My daughters enjoyed the parasailing ($85.00) and the fast-boat excursion ($69.00 per person). My wife enjoyed the Spa facilities. Perhaps the most remarkable aspect of the resort were the grounds themselves -- it seemed that someone was always cleaning the sidewalks or pruning the vegetation of this three and a half year old resort.Two thumbs way up for our experiences at Bahia Principe Punta Cana! Highly recommended!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>colombianbaby115
<Content>I Loved it and can't wait to go back ! I got back august 22nd and i loved it.... i enjoyed staying at this resort, i mean since you wake up you have choices to go to the beach, pool, anywhere because everything is beautiful. The entertainment was fantastic, the shows were great, i really enjoyed the michael jackson show.... the best ! then right after i would go to pueblo principe which is very nice and small but alot of fun. The club was fun and the shows were funny and the attention is great. i loved the staff, the smiles everyday, they were all so happy each day and nice. I remember elvis, he's one of the guys that work in the entertainment crew, very handsome and sweet, they all speack many languages and there great people. I am definitely going back but after i visit a few other places tho but i'm thinking of going back to punta cana and staying at la ramona which is opening this november so im looking foward to that and i would reccomned this resort to many people! i loved it.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>meggie14
<Content>Amazin Holiday !!!!! Oh my god best holiday i have ever been to and i really really miss it , you couldnt have friendlier staff always there if you need anything felt really safe and well looked after and the rooms and resturants and pools and eevrything were absoultly spotless and everyone made you feel really at home.there were loads of things to do at night time lots of entertainment going on and like steph said amazin night club wayy better than anything they would have in england werent it humpa lol....the hotel had little gift shops and stalls and like a sweet shop and stuff and the food was amazing.. i would deff recomend it as a family holiday or as like a young couple it was amazing!!but if you so go you have to go on the outback safari trip it shows you what there real life is like and they are all so happy for how poor they live its wonderfull x x x x  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>birdette
<Content>BAD food, DIRTY buffet restaurant It鈥檚 been over a month since I came back from Punta Cana, and at first I thought I should wait before writing a review thinking, I might change my mind. I鈥檓 a big fan of this site and not only write reviews but highly depend on tripadvisor for my travel planning. To give you an idea about my travel background鈥鈥檝e traveled extensively鈥o anywhere from a two star to luxury hotels in Asia and the Middle East. This was my fourth trip to the DR, and the second to Punta Cana.EXCELLENT: What I would give a 4+ Star (NOTa 5star)鈥?Rooms in a great shape (no bugs)鈥?Beach, beautiful and clean鈥?Bathrooms, shower very clean 鈥?2 Small Pools, excellent (the large main pool is a disaster, and filled with algae)鈥?The grounds are beautiful鈥?The hotel large is but not overwhelming鈥?The open market concept adds a lot to the hotel and it is nice but EXPENSIVEGOOD: 4 star鈥?Lobby鈥?The air-conditioned restaurants鈥?The Italian restaurant (and only the Italian restaurant)鈥?The club is nice, but too much Salsa and Meringue songs鈥?Customer service is good at the Italian restaurantPOOR: 2 or 3 star鈥?Overall the food is mediocre and repetitive 鈥?The buffet restaurants is filled with bugs and flies鈥?The buffet restaurant is stinky, literally IT STINKS and makes u sick.鈥?The waiters and waitresses are rude and are not trained properly鈥?The drinks are water down BIG TIME, and I鈥檓 not a drinker鈥?Pool towel service is horrible. On several occasions we had to wait 1 hou.鈥?Entertainment鈥oring, even the Lion King, which I had read so much about.鈥?The staff don鈥檛 motivate people to get involved in competitions, dances and sports like many other resorts, so the resort is too quiet and in a way boring.鈥?We were in a group of 6, one of got sick and the doctors are 鈥ell鈥o comment. We just paid $160 USD for a short visit and 10 antibiotic pills.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Tony-LyndaB
<Content>Even Hurricaine Dean couldn't ruin our wonderful week! Just got back a few hours ago and I miss it already!! If you want to relax and have fun in the sun, this is the place for you. We were celebrating our 25th anniversary. The staff is just super! From Daniel at the lobby, Juana at the pool bar (she makes great drinks), the many waiters and waitresses and cleaning ladies. They are such hard working people. Oh, don't forget to bring alot of sunscreen, you'll need it. Even though we had to stay an extra day because of Dean we still enjoyed ourselves. The animators kept everyone busy at the lobby by playing games,dancing, playing bingo and a whole lot of laughing. I must also tell you that there are prizes to be won. We won 2 bottles of rum and a t-shirt. I can't say enough about this great place, it's huge too! So kick off your shoes have a drink and relax!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>megan0221
<Content>Can't wait to return! A girlfriend and I visited the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana in August 2007. Being two females travelling alone, we were somewhat apprehensive, but we felt totally safe all the time. We met the friendliest people - staff and guests alike. There were all kinds of travellers there - families, older couples, newlyweds, and single travellers like us. The food was wonderful, the service was STUPENDOUS and there are always fun activities to do! I am looking into going back already!! I can't say enough good things about it.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wongjaji
<Content>Great staff I've read all the reviews by others before going on this trip, and it helped. Definetly use the safe (you have to pay for it when you check in). I would not have written this post but I felt a lot of the negative posts were unwarranted. Also, the staff were so nice that I thought that this post would be a way of thanking them.If you're from New York, like me, you'll immediately notice that Americans are a minority. That's great! No loud Americans. But it also means the occasional topless women and overweight men in speedos by the pool. Just deal with it.The food is great, not fantastic. We paid $1,100 per person for a week which includes airfare. When you do the math, you're probably paying $25 per day for food. Stay away from seafood, it's overcooked and all frozen before prep. Anything from the grill or freshly made is great. For the money, the food is a great deal. I think a lot of the posts talking about problems with food may simply have been a problem of over-expectations. It's a resort. It's not a four star hotel. The buffet is great. I love Japanese but I'm smart enough not to have sushi in a Carribean island in the month of August. How fresh could the fish be? BTW, the Mediterranean restaurant was the best we had. And although we did not try it, I heard that the steak place is also great.The bar is open all day and all night. Here's a tip: the bar in the hotel lobby serves expressos and cappicinos. It's a nice lift-me-up in the mid-afternoon and also at night on the way to the casino.The hotel is great for kids but not toddlers. My kid is four and I wished that dinner could start at 6 instead of 7 so that our 8PM bedtime could have been met. Also, the after-dinner shows don't end until 10:30. I think if my child was between six to twelve we would have enjoyed it more. And the staff,the best part of this resort. Apparently, the hotel is owned by an entity out of Spain. There are a lot of details that go unnoticed but really make the resort run well. If any of you know anything about Project Management, you'll notice that a lot of processies have been implemented a long time ago and they run like clock-work. Notes:the pool by the beach is always packed and rowdy.the two interior pools are less crowded and manageable for kidsthe spa has a good feel to itthe hydro spa treatment is a great deal at $27/hr.make your dinner reservations as soon as you arrivemost of the Europeans are there for several weeks so the reservations are tight for AmericansAmerican Airlines has a direct flight out of JFKif you have kids, go out to the beach as soon as you get upstaff are constantly walking in and out of your rooms, so use the safe wiselyuse sunscreen - we all got sun-poisoning even with sunscreen  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lad2006
<Content>Second time round and just as amazing!! We returned to the Bahia Principe for the second time 17.07.07 - 01.08.07 and we were not disapointed.I had e-mailed Laura at the hotel a couple of times to request a room similar to what we had last time as we like to be near the lobby on the second or third floor and she said she would do her best to accomodate.We were checked in on the coach which was very efficent and they had given us silver VIP wristbands, when we arrived at the room which was where we requested it was decorated in balloons with free t-shirts, rum and champagne for our anniversary. They had set the table with little cakes and a lovely fruit basket and we also got a free safe and turndown service with bathrobes and slippers for us to use during our stay. It was a lovely touch and really made us feel welcome to be back.Everything was just as good as last year, John the barman who works at the beach and the theatre bar greeted my husband like an old friend!! The restaurants were all good especially the Japanese, the only critisism was the service at the italian was a little hit and miss, they brought our main course before they had served our soup but they were quite appologetic, everyone makes mistakes.The shows at night were different to last year, the Micheal Jackson show and the Circus were amazing and our daughter took part in the Lion King show which she loved. As we were there for two weeks the shows were repeated, some we were happy to see again but others not.The girls at the kids club were different to the ones last year but even with a bit of a language barrier my daughter loved them all and they made her feel very welcome.Overall we love the Bahia Principe and would go back again, probably not for another couple of years though as we want to visit other places, but i would recomend it to anyone without a second thought!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anetta1219
<Content>Would I go back? In a heartbeat! I stayed at Bahia Principe from August 6th to the 13th. At first I wasn't sure how DR would be. I had heard a lot of good things about Punta Cana but wasn't sure about the hotel. I had read a lot of reviews on here and some said good things others were so so. Well all my doubts were put a side, the hotel was fantastic. I've never been to a more beautiful hotel. The grounds were amazing and extremely clean. The staff was very friendly and very helpful. The food was fabulous. I highly recommend the Mexican, Mediterranean, French and Steakhouse Restaurants The buffet was really good as well. I think I gained a couple of pounds because I couldn't get enough of the food haha.. I had heard that a lot of people got sick on their vacation to DR because of the water. No problems for me. The rooms are stocked w/ bottled water. If you need to relax, enjoy, unwind, and just have a good time, I highly recommend Bahia Principe. I've never seen such a clean beach and such a beautiful hotel. I'll definitely go back!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>gettingburned!!
<Content>Fantastic Two Weeks Review from the UK as there aren鈥檛 many.Just had a fantastic two week stay at The Gran Bahia from 16th - 30th July. We stayed on the Bavaro side of the Hotel, Gran Bahia is split into Bavaro and Punta Cana, both are a mirror image of each other therefore it makes no difference at all on which side you are accommodated. We booked with Direct Holidays and traveled with My Travel, no problems at all, we also upgraded the flight to Premier Gold which in our opinion is well worth the extra few pounds. Check in was super fast, we arrived at just after 3pm, check in took minutes and then we were taken to our room straight away by the bell boys in a golf cart. Remember to pay for your safe at check in. We were in villa block 29 which is more or less half way between the beach and the main reception area. We agree the resort is large, but from reading reviews I was expecting it to be bigger than it is, however once you get your bearings even for me with no sense of direction it is very easy to navigate. The beach is at one end and the main reception at the other, there are trams running constantly so if you don鈥檛 want to walk anywhere you really don't have to. The rooms are very nice, very spacious and clean. We took advice from previous reviews and requested a top floor room this did mean we had a few stairs to climb in the very very hot weather but it meant we did not have anyone above us moving furniture around etc, if you don't mind a few stairs and not traveling with children we would recommend this.The first two days of our holiday it rained almost constantly and we feared the worst, on a plus this gave us a chance to sample the numerous cocktails in the plush lobby bar, banana mama is lovely with or without alcohol. After these two wet days we had a further 12 days of very very hot hot hot weather. Do heed the advice of previous reviews and take lots of sun lotion, high factors as you definitely will need it. The lobby shop does sell things like this but it is very expensive.Food - no complaints at all, we found the main buffet was usually very good with something for all tastes. We did find some guests a little anxious to get to the food though. The beach snack bars are also good although avoid anything between midday and 2pm as again it is a bit of a cattle market, food is good though when you can get to it. We went to the Garden Grill - this was excellent and thoroughly recommend the surf and turf, the hot and cold starters are also excellent with lots and lots of choice. We also tried The Cafe De Paris - also excellent and would recommend the fillet of beef and Fettucini with shrimp for a starter was superb. We also tried El Gourmet, this was also excellent. For breakfast we went to El Charro which is the Mexican Restaurant which also does buffet breakfast and lunch. This was very nice as most mornings we were the only people there and the choice at breakfast is also very good.Trips - We did three trips. The first we went on was to Saona Island, this was good and the rum flows the whole trip !! Unfortunately the weather for us wasn't all that brilliant, on a red hot day I think this trip would be excellent, we had quite a few heavy downpours which put the dampner on things literally. We also went on the Monster Truck Safari, this was an excellent full day out and would highly recommend. Our third trip was a half day with Bavaro Splash, this was also good. You go out in a speed boat in a convoy following a guide to a platform and then go snorkeling. On average the trips cost around 拢40 pp, lunch is included on the full day trips, lunch on the Saona Island trip was not good although on Monster Truck is was superb. One tip for the Monster Truck is to make sure you have your anti mosquito repellent and a hat !!Diving - My husband has always wanted to do the PADI and decided he would do this whilst in the Dominican. The cost of the course is considerably less than in the UK, it worked out at about 拢220. The course is done over three days, or it should be. If you do decide to do PADI bear in mind what they refer to as dominican time, everything is very relaxed and a little bit hit and miss. The course was eventually completed over four days with a swimming test at the end as they forgot to make sure my husband could swim first. One particular Instructor is very good, called Sol. He has now cost us a small fortune on diving gear !!Pools and The Beach 鈥?first of all the beach is beautiful, miles of golden soft side. There were ample sun beds available and plenty in the shade also. The main pool by the beach is a bit hectic and no way as clean as the others, however due to the amount of people who seemed to opt for this area it must be a hard job to keep it clean. The other pools are lovely with not too many sun beds so they never get over crowded. We love the sun and were at the pool some days by 8am and noticed that as long as you got there by 9am there was no need to reserve chairs with towels. This did not seem common practice anyway apart from the odd one or two. The pool aerobics are good if you feel like a bit of exercise, this is also quite amusing to watch. Swim up bars are also good and the staff are very friendly and jolly.All in all we thoroughly enjoyed our two weeks and have not one complaint, the service is excellent and tips are definitely not as expected as say Egypt where we had a week in March and would not go back. We rarely return to the same resort but we would return to this one. We also seen quite a few of the other Hotels in the area whilst doing pick up and drops offs on the trips. We were very glad we booked Grand Bahia as although some of the others looked quite nice none of them quite compared. Tipping the room maid works a little, we got extra beers and Pepsi Light but she only has limited stock for each block. She would leave the air-con on for us though which was lovely to come back to. We would thoroughly recommend this Hotel and would take the negative reviews with a pinch of salt, we can be quite picky but as I say not one complaint. Well, just one but that was on return to Gatwick Airport, flight arrived early which was good but it then took them almost two hours to get the bags from the plane to the Carousel, due to a power failure apparently.Please feel free to e-mail any questions and we will be glad to help. Wish we were still there, enjoy your holiday I鈥檓 sure most will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lcacan
<Content>I went 2 times!!!!! I stayed at the Bahia Principe Bavaro side in July 2005 and in March 2006 I stayed in the Punta Cana side. All I have to say is the best vacation ever!This hotel is huge! It has 2 sides which are exactly the same. You have the same a la carte restos, pools, bars, club, casino... the only thing is that each side has it's own buffet and own lobby, with the same things.The rooms  bathhroom: Very clean and big. Bed was very comfortable. Air conditioner was strong. You always got new towels and water bottles. Nothing at all to complain about.The food: The buffet was huge! Everynight it was a different theme. Mexican, Italian.....and the service was incrediable! Even if u didn't go to the restos a la carte the buffet had so much choice. The a la carte restos were very good. The fish resto is a must. Everyone was so friendly and always happy.The animation: The shows at night were grest. We always rushed b/c we didn't want to miss them. After the shows, about a 5 minute walk, there is a terrasse with a live band and everyone dances. You sit and have a drink and enjoy the music. In this area they have stores, casino, the club, and a market. Everything u need is here. After the band, at around 12am, the club opens. We didn't go everynight. The music and the animators WOW. they dance the hotel dance and by the end of the week u know it!the animation at the pool is good. Always something going on. The pool  beach: 3 pools and each has a swim-up bar. Pools very clean. The beach beautiful. white sand clear water. Nothing to complain about. Because the resort is os big there is a bus that goes up and down through out the day and night. But the walk is worth it at night with the breeze. They have the Club Golden section which are the rooms closer to the beach. I don't recommend paying that extra b/c ur never in ur room, and the way the resort is u might not se the beach. I definitely would go back. Everything u need in one place. that's a vacation!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Margaritalady/pa
<Content>Second Time at Gran Bahia--the good and the not so good This was our second visit to the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana, the last being May 2006. The Good: Being second time guests at the Bahia proved to have many perks. On day one--we received a bottle of rum, cigars, polo shirts, baseball caps and a small bottle of scotch! We have been repeat guests to other resorts and have never received such special treatment--we were very impressed! We stayed in Club Golden, and were in building #20--the first building on the beach--good location (but we prefer Building 1 on the Punta Cana side). We were able to make reservations for dinner for as many evenings as we wanted. We dined at the Italian, Mexican (our favorite!), the Japanese, the Meditteranean, the Beach BBQ. We also had reservations for the Gourmet, but did not make it due to a bad storm that evening. The service and food was very good at the Mexican, Japanese, Italian and Meditteranean--the BBQ it was not so good.Maid service was good--towel art furnished daily. One day the balconies were decorated with swans made from beach towels, and balloons were on all doors. The room was decorated with flowers several days also. Main pool bar was the best--German and Luis are the best bartenders on the resort--they definitely aim to please.The weather was good, with the exception of one evening thunderstorm. The beach is gorgeous, but was crowded. Towel game was definitely played. We were up at 7:;30 to secure our spot--most days there weren't many huts left by 9:00 a.m.The Not so Good: Entertainment seems to be very repetitive--same music, same activities each day. I feel this has gone downhill since our last visit. The lobby bars close at 11:00 sharp--leaving no alternative but the Pueblo or Karoke bar until the disco opens at 12:00. Other resorts lobby bars remain open until midnight. The entertainment in the Lobby Bars is also the same every night. The Karoke bar is very poorly run. A huge songbook, but most songs listed are not available, the management allows large groups to go up and SCREAM their song--not very amusing--many people got up and left. The person running it really doesn't seem to care. The rudeness of some of the non-English speaking patrons has been addressed here before. Naked children in the swimming pool--obviously no health department here! Overall, we had a good time at The Bahia--but we did have to make our own fun. We also met some great people from Missouri, Michigan and D.C. We definitely will return to Punta Cana, but most likely will try another resort.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jfnn
<Content>Best hotel ever       pool  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>sunshine070
<Content>Great until the last day My son and I stayed at this resort from July 22 to July 29. Everything was great until the last day. The hotel, service, rooms, pools and ocean were all great. The food was o.k.As far as excursions go; the Jurassic Buggys was fantastic, but the Bucaneros speed boats was not so great and most of the boats were really unsafe to use.My son became very ill on the Friday evening with a high fever. I took him to the hotel physician who was not much of a help and was told that my travel insurance through my employees benefits plan would not be accepted, and that I would be charged and would have to request reimbursement through my benefits when I returned home. Fortunately, he did not charge me as nothing was really done for my son. The same evening, it had taken 4 calls to housekeeping to request a warm blanket for my son as he had the chills. After over an hour, houskeeping came with two bedsheets and said that a warm blanket was not available at that time of night (9:00 p.m.) I also notice that some of my son's belongings that were kept in a drawer were missing. I contacted customer service in the hotel and was told that security would come by to determine who had been in the room as they could access the card reader. Of course security did not show up and I was not reimbursed. My son ended up contracting pneumonia at the hotel and was taken to hospital upon our immediate return to Canada. I called the resort to advise them of my son's illness so that they could possibly look into whether more guests had contracted pneumonia there and take effective action. Customer service at the hotel said I needed to make a formal complaint via email for this to be actioned upon, no matter how much I stressed the possibility that this illness could be travelling throughout there resort. I had advised them that I did not have immediate access to email and I was concerned for new guests that were at the resort.....again I was told to put it in writing to them. For any travellers going to this resort, you may want to call ahead to ensure that there are no strains of illness going around; I wish I'd had as my son was very ill for over two weeks.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	2	3	

<Author>koukla01
<Content>A honeymoon we will never forget When it was time to doing some research on honeymoon spots my fiance at the time and I weren't even thinking of the Dominican until we heard from so many people rave reviews of the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana resort. So I contacted my travel agent and I mentioned if he can look into the resort and right away he's like are you kidding, that's where he went on his honeymoon as well and he said we had to go, we would love it and he along with everyone else was absolutely right!The resort was paradise, the hotel was immaculate and most of all the workers were the friendliest and most professional people I have ever met!My husband and I enjoyed everything about the resort from the lobby/lounge to the many restaurants, the pools and beach, entertainment and more.I would rate the following out of 5, 5 being excellent!Hotel - 5/5Food - 4/5Staff - 5/5Pools/Beaches - 4/5I strongly recommend this resort, you will not be disappointed.Iolanda and John KouretasJune 10/07 - June 17/07  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rhedd
<Content>AMAZING, BEAUTIFUL but don't get it confused with Bahia Principe San Juan!! The first thing I鈥檝e got to say is that I鈥檓 writing this as I was too busy when I got back from my amazing holiday and just forgot, but I鈥檝e been watching GMTV (morning programme in the UK) and for the past 2 days now they鈥檝e been reporting horrific gastric problems and hospitalisation for nearly all guests staying at the Bahia Principe Hotel San Juan (North). Please note this is NOT the Bahia Principe Hotel in Punta Cana (South East), which is AMAZING!!!!!!!I just want anyone reading this to know it was my favourite holiday EVER 鈥?it was blissful, tranquil, not overcrowded, plenty of (very clean) pools, very VERY clean apartments, gorgeous beach, mostly friendly staff. The food wasn鈥檛 out of this world, but we had very little problem getting reservations (we were allowed 3 for the 7 days we stayed there). We would recommend reserving the BBQ place down by the beach and steer clear of the barterers unless you are good at that sort of thing. Karaoke was fun and entertainment in the evening was brilliant. I can鈥檛 stress enough how breathtaken we were by the resort, weather, people etc. We also went on a very good value excursion which involved a party bus, followed by a little boat to a bigger boat which had dancing and rum on board and guides took you first out snorkelling with coral and fish and later to a second spot which had enclosures with nursing sharks and stingrays 鈥?it was AMAZING!!!! You will be very pleased if you choose the Bahia Principe BAVARO in PUNTA CANA but I wouldn鈥檛 stay at the Bahia Principe San Juan in the North, following the health scare. The one at the bottom of the Island is better anyway, as you get the Caribbean sea instead of the Atlantic 鈥?go for it! xp.s. Try to stay immune to the hotel song Bahia Principe - it's the only thing that's infectious about this place!!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EnglandBrammers
<Content>Apprehensive Having read many reviews prior to our visit, I have to say I was a little apprehensive. Staying for two weeks with my wife and two boys (12 and 10) we booked through First Choice Holidays in the UKThe hotel is immense, catering for thousands of guests, but the ratio of staff to guests ensures the highest levels of service, all of them were friendly, helpful and seemed genuine. The whole place was immaculately kept, the gardens, rooms, lobby, restaurants, bars, toilets etc were spotless.The themed restaurants made a nice change from the buffet restaurant, our favourites in order were - Gourmet, Japanese, Barbecue by the beach, Italian, and Mediterranean. Didnt try the Mexican or the Garden Grill. The buffet restaurant had lots of chioce and was well presented, but catering for so many people has its problems, some of the food was only luke warm and had probably gone past its best. I had a bad stomach and felt out of sorts for a couple of days and the wife and kids and a touch of trots as well, whether that was a combination of excesses of early sun, food and beverages or a bug I am not sure but take Immodium with you, it will come in useful.The maids did a great job on the rooms, daily, although on several occasions it would be 3 or 4 in the afternoon before they got round to our room, which was a bit inconvenient as we fair skinned English needed a siesta in the air condioned rooms and an escape from the afternoon's intense sun. (Beware all take plenty of sun tan lotion and use it on a regular basis)Did several excursions outside the hotel, booked through FC. Seona Island, speed boat and snorkelling and the Outback Safari, on the whole value for money if not a little on the expensive side. Tried the scuba diving with my son, unfortunately they took us out into the ocean following a storm, so it was all a bit too choppy to see any real sites under the ocean.Other than the Michael Jackson show, the entertainment was dissapointing, and the pools by the beach overcrowded, but many people seemed to be enjoying the fun of bingo, aerobics and dancing lessons and the daily challenges to win a tee shirt or a bottle of Rum. Not the place for piece and quiet I am afraid. This was our first go at All Inclusive, on the whole this was a positive experience and one, my two boys will remember for ever (courtesy of the camcorder) I would recommend this place to others, but you have to appreciate that the sheer size of the place and number of guests and staff means if you are looking for that extra personal touch you will probably be dissapointed. But how they get it to work so efficiently is a real eye opener 24 x 7!!We have had a great holiday, if you can accept you are in a non English speaking country and are willing to have a go at the lingo you will get by fine. Tourism is critical for this country and its people, without it I am affraid it would be another Haiti and that would be a great shame.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>lozNorthernIreland
<Content>Had a lovely relaxing time lorraine and colin from Norhern Ireland Well I just dont know how you would possibly please some people they were obviously born with silver spoons in their mouths.This was a fantastic resort. I would be particular when it comes to clean and this in my opinion is as clean as any hotel I have ever stayed at or cleaner. The staff are so friendly and will go out of thier way to make your stay as nice as possible. Yes this is a big resort but that was so nice you did not feel enclosed it felt like a wee town which is what Im used to living in a small town in Ireland. The beach was georgous and yes you could always find a bed sometimes a little further back from the water but no problem. The food was fantastic my favourite restaurant was the Steakhouse and the Japanese was really entertaining.The drinks were good once the bar man got to know you the rums became larger. You have to try Mamauana thier local drink ummm lovely.No loud noise at night as the entertainment was far enough away and if you went there all drinks were still free.One thing I have to say who said the Brits were loud, obviously these people have never met Canadians they are the loudest people ever. Its like they have to be heard over every other person around them. It can become kinda annoying when you are just dropping off on the beach after a late night suffering with a hangover and some loud person sits near you.Met some lovely people there hello to you all.So if you go have a brill time as we did.Oh one last thing we flew with First Choice and this was indeed an excellent choice everything was perfect.Lorraine  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BeachLoverfromLA
<Content>Gran Bahia is good My husband and I stayed here July 28 - August 4. For perspective, this was our 4th all inclusive beach vacation -- and the 1st we would actually consider returning to (because there are so many other places we want to see!) Like many, I read every review before booking and before traveling, so I would know what to expect. We've stayed at Riu and Palace Resorts in Mexico and Sun Village in Puerto Plata, DR, for comparison. RESORT/ROOMS: Beautiful! Dominican people are very hard working and the grounds are immaculate. Suites are large and comfortable. Beds were comfortable  we never heard neighbors (we have before at other resorts). Rooms were cleaned and mini-fridge plentifully stocked. We didn't have a coffemaker the 1st day  wanted more soft drinks  water, so we left a note (in English) they were there that afternoon. We did leave small gifts  $$ each day, but I don't think it would have changed the service we got. Yes the resort is VERY large, but the tram makes it easy to get around.BEACH: Beautiful! We go for the beach -- not pools (which we can do at home), so this is a make or break for us. The water was clear (though not quite as clear as Cancun)  refreshing. There is a constant breeze off the ocean that keeps you cool (if you're from the south, like we are -- it actually felt cooler than we do at home in Louisiana). There are fees ($25) for lessons to use some of the free water sports, but after that it was great to have something at the resort to do. We booked a day or two before we wanted them. FOOD: We loved the food! The buffet had plenty of choices -- but like others have said, if you eat everything off the buffet at one meal, you won't have much variety the next night. But who tries to eat everything at once? We also think our creole food in Louisiana is very similar to Dominican, so we may have enjoyed it more than others. If you are used to good Mexican food, don't go to the Mexican restaurant, though. The Japanese and the Steakhouse were both great! Great service  food in both. Again, we tipped everywhere even the buffet, but I don't think it made much a difference in service.BARS: This was our only complaint about the resort -- in a resort this size I would have expected more beach bars. There was so much beach front owned by the resort, and only 1 bar. We either had to walk a ways or stay close to the bar -- and we are not especially heavy drinkers. We just wanted to stay hydrated in the heat. We did bring our bubba mugs  they were great about filling them with whatever we wanted. Also, we like to relax by the beach in the evening  we couldn't do that here -- but the lobby bar had great entertainment every evening  that substituted for us.TOURS: We did the Saona Island tour  it was great!! My husband wanted to deep sea fish  we spent the extra money for a private 1/2 day charter -- that was wasted money!! If you're thinking of fishing, don't expect much here. The other 3 - 4 boats didn't catch either  it looked like they hadn't in days, even though it was supposed to be peak season for lots of species. Oh, well, we'll just have to go to Cabo to catch that marlin!!SUMMARY: We loved the resort itself and the Dominican people. This was our 2nd trip to DR so we knew how friendly they are. We were surprised at how UNFRIENDLY the Europeans were. We would smile and try to converse  they wouldn't even try. They would cut in front of you at bars, buffet lines. One night a buffet worker fell with a tray of food and the guests around here actually laughed and applauded -- I felt like I was back in high school (actually I teach high school and expect better behavior from my students!). We also found it unsettling that there was so much toplesssness (and complete nudity by some who publicly changed clothes) with so many children around. At other places, the women would put their tops on to walk around, but here they stroll the beaches. Just a note for parents. Like I said before, the resort and the area are beautiful, but if we go back we will probably look for a resort that has more Americans.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>patriciamry
<Content>Bahia Principe is beautiful But we had some problems!!! My family and I stayed at the Bahia Princupe for one week , July 20th thru 27th. I would like to share my thoughts with other tripadvisor readers as I learned so much from reading other reviews.First of all let me begin by saying it was my first all- inclusive packsge holiday since my honeymoon 22 years ago...having said that I found that the all inclusive thing is a good deal if you are a BIG drinker and love buffets, otherwise I';m not so sure if it's for me.When we arrived at the hotel I was quietly rehearsing my sentence about wanting to be upgraded to the Gold or Diamond in my very basic spanish but when we got to the front desk we found out we had already been upgraded without even having to ask or pay for it !!! We don't know how this happened but we weren't about to ask ! We were put into the Club Premiere, a private area with it's own private pool and restaurant and private lounge...the private lounge here was the very best thing we loved about this place...it was a large, open area with marble floors and rattan furniture and miniature palms, just stunning ! In the morning they had a pastry and coffee bar where you helped yourself to croissants, etc. and Cafe con leche( basically instant cofee and hot milk) ...okay if youre a Second cup or starbucks kind'a guy you will not like this but I loved this kind of coffee or should I say I grew to live it because that's all there was ! In the afternoon it was the same thing with different pastries and also many fine Twinings teas to choose from. There was a bar there as well and internet access. No magazines or newspapers to read...this would be a welcome addition.For me and some of our family we found the food to be a a major disappointment. The buffets were full of variety but I was squeamish to try things I had nevers seen before, i.e. veg. I had never heard of and deef-fried pineapple etc. , at breakfast the north american type foods i.e. bacon and pancakes, french toast did not taste or look like Canadian equivalents...and yes, I know we were not in Canada but they just tasted so different it made me feel uneasy. The doughnuts were made fresh each a.m. and they were delicious as well as all their breads and pastries. Needless to say I ate alot of those things during the week. The a la carte restaurants were fine, the best for us was the french, tender filet mignon and M'aitre D named Josolo was wonderful.Japanese was fun but we found it to be very average food.My kids loved the pasta you could get at all the buffets, they said the french fries and burgers were good too. The beach was absolutely beautiful....always a breeze and never a problem finding 3 or 5 chairs together. I enjoyed seeing women of all shapes and sizes who felt free to wear whatever type of suit they wanted to whether it be a bikini or maillot or topless...I was impressed with their self-confidence as they were not feeling trapped by the media frenzy guidelines that women are so often felt compelled to follow...in other words if you don't have a perfect body...you'll love showing off what you do have !!!To finish off I'll say that his resort is more like a four star( north amer. system) and if you want one week of beach and pools and non-stop drinking then this is the place for you . I enjoyed it and I'm very glad I went but one week was enough for me. Go and try it out you have to judge for yourself ! Staff are very nice !!!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	2	3	

<Author>mle1982
<Content>Best vacation by FAR Got back yesterday and still in awe of how amazing EVERYTHING on the resort was. Food was incredible....especially the restaurants, service was inspiring...always helpful and happy, the cleanest place I have ever seen...they never stop perfecting the place, the night entertainment was incredible, especially the Michael Jackson show  The Lion King performance. Rooms were huge and cool, and clean. Honestly cannot say enough about my experience!!!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maureenhummel
<Content>My husband loved it, that says everything!       Our 10 year anniversary in the gazebo before dinner at the Italian restaurant  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NEEDAVACAPittsburgh
<Content>Fantastic, Relaxing All-Inclusive Week My husband, myself and a single friend (all late 20s) stayed in a Jr. Suite for one week in June of this year. We each have substantially different tastes and expectations and have traveled as a group together for several years. This resort really served all of us well. We all enjoyed the food -- we ate breakfast at the buffets, lunch at the pool snack bars (sometimes twice), and dinner at either the a la cartes or the buffet. We enjoyed the food each and every night. I am a vegetarian and there was plenty for me to eat. We were able to book four a la cartes upon check in, although our stay was only supposed to include three. We enjoyed the Mexican because of the tequila and the flaming coffees -- which looked better than they tasted! The Japanese was very good and the French was worth the experience although none of our favorites. The seafood was OK. We actually enjoyed the variety of the buffets just as much as the a la cartes. The drinks are quite good, too. I tried many of the cocktails of the day -- we loved the banana mama and the choco at the main pool bar. I had contacted the hotel ahead of our stay to say it was my husband's birthday and they left us tee shirts and a small bottle of rum. These were both unnecessary but much appreciated touches.I would recommend going to your scheduled orientation. There are helpful tips there. We traveled with Apple and Petra was very helpful for little ?s here and there. It was also very confusing and crowded at the airport for departure, but we found the Apple reps and they pointed us in the right direction. The staff were amazing -- if only all workplaces had such happy, courteous, and enthusiastic staff. Whether we tipped a couple bucks or not at all, we were always treated with respect. Our room was not the most luxurious room I've stayed in, but the maid did clean it thoroughly and it was certainly nice enough for the time we were in it -- to shower, sleep, and nap! The gym is small but sufficient if you are trying not to pack on the pounds from all of those delicious drinks. I also ran the property early in the morning. It was a nice run and I got to practice my conversational espanol as I passed by the employees as they reported to work. Speaking of, a few key phrases are well worth learning -- borrow a CD from the library -- it is much appreciated and a little fun to see how far you can go. I've never taken a formal Spanish class and I had staff ask if I was from Santo Domingo!The pools and beach were heavenly. One of the pools with a bar did get mirky and cloudy one day but it was cleared up by the following day. We never reserved beach or pool lounges and were always able to find three together somewhere. You can reserve the boating/kayaking equipment. We did this a couple of days by scheduling for the following afternoon. We kayaked to the ship wreck, peddal boated, and took a catamaran. We did not do any excursions, but we heard that the dolphin encounter is a waste but the marina and jungle ATV are worthwhile. We did not experience any of the nightlife -- we were back to our room by 11ish every night. I would recommend taking some meds down with you just in case -- and of course a giant bottle of SPF. We did make use of the Pepto on a few occassions, but it was likely due to eating so much fruit and fruity drinks than anything else. We also used hydrogen peroxide to dip our toothbrushes and no one got sick.I would recommend this resort without hesitation -- if you are looking for a low key, relaxing beach/pool week. There is no downtown to travel to, so if you are looking for somewhere you can experience the culture and travel into town daily, this is not for you. It was a great value! Even though we prefer to try out new locations, we have already discussed returning to this property in the future. It was a fantastic relaxing all-inclusive week.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>diamondgirl7602
<Content>Gran Bahia is certainly GRAND!! First of all, I must say that I wasn't even supposed to stay at this hotel. I was supposed to stay, along with the other 5 ppl in my group, at the Ocean Blue Hotel, yet they over-booked and bumped us here. Boy, am I ever glad that happened! This hotel was absolutely top-notch in every way! My group was here from 7/26-7/31 for a five night stay in the D.R. and found out very quickly that we lucked out at the Gran Bahia. This hotel is utterly georgous in every way, but very large. You have to ride trolleys to get from one end to the other, but if you can afford it, I would recommend going GOLD and staying in the villas closest to the beach. This way you have a pool and the beach right in close proximity, so you have the best of both worlds. The rooms were phenomenal (although did allow smoking...) and spacious, and the hotel staff was wonderful. The front desk personnel were on a first-name basis with us, and when one of the girls in our party was injured the night manager even drove us in his own car to the doctor's office when in need! That's dedication! If you don't know any Spanish it's a bit difficult to communicate with the maids/bellhops, but the people in all the strategic locations speak English and other languages extremely well. Honestly, there was only one employee that was anything less than spectacular while there, and she worked in Guest Services, so if you must contact them, talk to Edward: he is fabulous! Otherwise, I would recommend this hotel highly; clean rooms, great service, and excellent restaurants! This is the ONLY choice in Punta Cana and I will undoubtedly return! A big thanks to the staff at the Gran Bahia! Muchas Gracias!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dreaming27
<Content>Will not return food was horrible...mostly all buffet which was bad quality. they limit the amount of reservations u can make at a restuarant on the property. i stayed for 3 nights and they only allowed me one reservation, but when i went to make a reservation evrything was booked!! they finally got me into a restaurant and there were like 20 tables empty!!! so i dont know whay they said everything was booked. not that it made a difference anyway bcuz the food was just as bad as the buffet food. all the drinks/liquor are watered down. the beer is not true dominican beer like PRESIDENTE. the service was just ok. the a/c doesnt cool enough and there in so a/c in the lobby or propety. the restaurants do not have good a/c/ either. same exact food day after day. all in all will not recommend it and will not go back. if you are picky like I am, DO NOT spend your $ here.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	1	2	2	

<Author>fliptraveller
<Content>had an awesome time! Me and 4 friends stayed at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana from July 15th to the 22nd/07 for my stagette/bachelorette. We all read dozens of reviews (good and bad) but in the end I found this resort to be AMAZING!! The resort itself is beautiful, the gounds were constantly being groomed, our rooms were clean, spacious and had extra amenities like a jacuzzi tub included. The mini bar was constantly being refilled but the fridge in itself wasnt very cold but the ice machine was just a few steps away and was always full. The first couple of days we were there we stayed at the pool but decided that we couldnt go all that way to Punta Cana just to sit near a pool so we stayed on the beach as much as possible which in my opinion is a much better choice. Note that though there are signs everywhere about not saving seats, most of the prime positions were saved by 9am. So if you cant beat 'em, join 'em!The guys working at the beach bar (Juan, John, Joel and Richard) were awesome!! We got amazing service. Everyone was so friendly and the bartenders would often entertain us by singing or dancing and the first day we arrived on the beach, one of them immediately came up to us to offer us cocktails. The drinks were awesome and the mamajuana (what locals call liquid Dominican Viagra) is excellent. It s a shot that goes down hard the first time but we found that it easily cured minor ailments like stomach aches ;)The food on the resort was average to good. The French restaurant was excellent all around but we were a bit disappointed by the Steakhouse and Meditaranean restaurants. Any time we werent happy with our meals, we made our way to the buffet which was always packed with fresh food and there is a theme for each night. The Tropicana shows are definitely worth watching (but its a definite family atmosphere) and the drinks at the Tropicana Bar were excellent. We also found the hotel tour rep to be really helpful and Miguel at the front desk did everything he could to accomodate us after we had some rather noisy guests in the room next to us. They were playing loud music at 330am so we called Security and the music died down (after a 2nd call to the front desk!)Overall I loved this resort. It was my first all-inclusive experience and I would definitely go back. In fact, my girlfriends and I are thinking of going again in November and making it an annual adventure. Keep in mind that 95% of the people at this resort are families or couples on their honeymoon so if you're looking for singles, this may not be the resort for you but we made the most of it and had a blast.Another quick thing I wanted to mention is that people going to the Dominican should realize that they are IN FACT in a foreign country that is Spanish speaking. I was really frustrated by tourists who got upset with hotel staff because they had problems understanding them. Be patient with them...the staff are great and do the best they can to communicate. Try and make an effort to learn some key spanish phrases before you go. And remember...saying muchas gracias (thank you very much) goes a long way!Do not hesitate to book at this resort. You will love it!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>teach_a_matic
<Content>A Beautiful All-Inclusive Resort After a stressful year, my husband and I wanted absolute relaxation in beautiful surroundings and that's what we found at the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana.In our opinion, many of the negative comments about this resort come from those travellers who simply do not enjoy the all-inclusive resort experience. Our favourite Caribbean destination is Cane Garden Bay in Tortola (definitely NOT an all-inclusive vacation destination!) but the advantage to the all-inclusive resort vacation is that you do not even have to think about where to eat, what to drink, how to get to the restaurant (and drive back after a few cocktails!), and -- most difficult of all -- how much to pay for food, drinks, and entertainment (all of which can be extraordinarily expensive for what you get, on islands like Tortola, Nassau, Barbados, and Jamaica).The Bahia Principe provides a top-notch generic Caribbean vacation experience. The Dominican staff is welcoming, competent, friendly, and even caring. There is always something delicious to eat at the buffet. The specialty restaurants are fun. The cocktails are the best (and strongest) of any all-inclusive we've been to. The grounds are manicured. The beach is absolutely lovely and the weather (July 4 to 20) was perfect.That having been said, if you cannot abide crowded swimming pools, guests who reserve their lounge chairs early and never return to them, and children allowed to run wild by their parents, possibly you should consider another type of summer holiday.I have nothing but admiration for the staff and management of the Bahia Principe. This resort runs like a well-oiled machine. The staff must be treated relatively well, for the vast majority are happy to meet you and go out of their way to make sure you have a wonderful time. This goes for the wait staff in the buffet (Alfonso is a great example) as well as those in the specialty restaurants. Little problems happen on any vacation but the administration is quick to remedy them in a polished and efficient manner.One criticism: There is no book exchange operating at this resort. If you run out of holiday page-turners, you are out of luck. Suggestion to the Bahia -- why not start a book exchange at the beach barbeque restaurant? This is done at the Bahia Principe Tulum in Mexico and it works fantastically well. When you are finished with your book, you can leave it at the restaurant and take another one from the shelf!Some pointers: No need for water shoes, there are no rocks underfoot in the water or on the beach.Guests at this resort dress for dinner and evening entertainment. It was fun to dress up for the specialty restaurants and then sit in the lobby bar after supper.The flaming coffees are the best!The filet mignon was the most delicious and tender that I've had in the Caribbean.Rolando gives excellent Spanish lessons every day in the beach barbeque restaurant (11:00).Thank you, Bahia Principe, for an excellent two-week break from the stresses of real life! We came home energized and rested.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>seedeez00
<Content>Not a complainer, but ready to come home. I used trip advisor to plan my trip and I feel its only right to contribute back to the site. First, let me say that I'm 32 years old, I'm very open minded and more than willing to take in new experiences. I'm letting this be known because I refuse to acknowledge myself as a chronic complainer. Americans, do not expect an Americanized resort. I had read reviews about Europeans being annoyed by the occasional boisterous American. I thought it would be nice to avoid that situation also, now that I was bringing my family . However, I found that I would probaly prefer those boisterous Americans rather than the numerous rude and unfriendly Europeans. There were not many Americans at the resort during this time of the year. Maybe i'm just bitter because I like to meet new people and there was a language barrier, who knows!The resort is beautiful, the staff smiles. Didn't feel obligated to tip but did anyways. Beer.. Presidente and another domestic beer are your options.All drinks are served in plastic dixie cups, they were a little larger than shot glasses. Too small for me. Frozen drinks were OK.Food... This is where I was suprised. I am not a picky eater at all!! But the food was tiresome. There were very poor attempts to create food from around the world. I'm not Mexican nor a cook but i'm sure I could put together a better Mexican feast than the resort. This goes for Italian, French, and probaly even Dominican. They can do alot better than that. I'd like to give an A for effort but for a resort in this price range they should probaly have it right. Had Japanese 2 times, this was good.Beds... Uncomfortable.Waitstaff... Helped us out with liters of milk for our baby. Thank you.Jhonny at the pool is hilarious. He heads a lot of the activites that you participate in during the days. ( Water Aerobics, Dancing, and other various contest) Also is a dancer during some entertainment nights.I picked this resort for its family rating on Trip Advisor. I still agree with it but in my case I missed out on 2 aspects of it. My infant was too young for kids activites and my 11 year old was too old for them. All the kids inbetween seemed to be having a great time.The safari excursion was very interesting and I highly recommend doing it. If you do any shopping do it on this trip. You may still have to barder but not with overly aggressive vendors like there are at the resort.Mini-Golf- don't waste your timeSpa- Very niceCasino- nothing special, small, and you pay for drinks.We booked thru Apple Vacations and our Tour rep, Petra was awesome. She'll tell you like it is. Even brought me aloe from her house so I didn't have to pay 13us in the lobby shop. Thank You. If you hang out at the pool and the beach you can't do wrong. Protective parents, just know that there are topless women on the beach and at the pool. My 11 year old was a bit shocked and my infant was constantly thirsty( joke). I hope this was helpful and please no hard feelings on the European comment. Different strokes for different folks..  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Barb058
<Content>Gran Bahia Beach is beautiful We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe from July 18th through the 23rd with a party of 14 people. The place is beautiful but it is as huge as everyone says. We stayed in Building 7 by the beach. The lower the number the closer to the beach. There are Trams that run you back and forth from the beach to the lobby. They are no problem to get on but I would prefer a little bit of a smaller resort. But I have to say the grounds were beautiful and lush everywhere you looked.Beach and Service: The people who worked at the resort were always helpful and ready with a smile. I really enjoyed how nice they were. If you are a beach lover (we are) you will love it! It is really one of the nicest beaches we have ever been to and we have been to quite a few. To get the best seating on the beach get up a little early and save your seats. I know some people do not like that but we spent the entire day there so it was important enough to me to get some shade. Food: The food was not our favorite thing about the resort. We were in the Dominican Republic and of course their food was prepared the way they eat. We just didn't care for it that much. (The buffets) The ala carte restaurants we went to were great. We went to the Japanese, Italian and Medditerrean. We enjoyed them all very much. Make your reservations early. We made them as soon as we got there. Rooms: Absolutely no complaints. They were large and clean. The beds were pretty comfortable and they were kept nice and clean by the staff. (Leave a few dollars every day)Entertainment: The shows aren't very good. We watched one or two. We may have missed a few of the good ones. They had the Lion King which seemed like a nice production but we didn't stay. The casino is tiny and has very few slots ( what I play) and just a few table games. Not a great casino but it was something to do.Excursions: We booked the speed boats. It was 4 hours long. Left at 12:00 pm and got back a little after 4:00pm. Everyone who went really enjoyed it. They took you to a small island and after speed boating you went snorkeling. We also took a bannana boat ride. A big tube that is pulled through the water. Five of us took the ride and it was only 10 or 15 dollars a person and we had a blast.Overall: We got a great price and it was more than worth what we paid. You truly make your own good time and if you love the beach you will not be disappointed by this beautiful place!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>igads
<Content>Fun and Sun at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana       sunrise  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>maximus323
<Content>Perfect time at Bahia Principe My wife and I just got back from the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana where we stayed in the golden section. We are both very pleased with just about everything we went through on our stay. We originally were a little reluctant to go there because of the size of the resort (over 1900 rooms) and we were afraid that there would be too many people to be able to get some quiet times. We didn't need to be. First the resort is really huge and they even have tramway services to drive you around which are very handy under very warm weather. The property is extremely well maintained and clean everywher you go. They clean the beach section every day so you always get white sandy beach with turquoise water. If you like to be quiet, you just have to find a spot on the sides not directly in front of the resort and you'll be happy. The food was very good, and sometimes excellent, in the A la carte restaurants (we tried the French, Japanese, Italian, Mexican and BBQ) and very good at the buffet. Try to make your reservations when you arrive to get what you want, it's very easy with the guest services.The rooms are very big and they were giving us the turn down service in the golden; they even left some chocolates in our room every night. The upgrade also included the towel service in the room which was very useful.The check-in was done in the bus going to the hotel and even though we arrived at 12:30 the room was ready for us so we ended up starting the vacations right away. Our plane was delayed 7 hours when we had to leave and, since we didn't know, we had already checked out. They gave us the keys back and we could go back and keep the rooms untin noon. If you wanted, you could even pay an extra to keep it longer. When we were there, the hotel was 98% full and yet, we never had to wait in line for anything since they have a lot op staff to accomodate you.Our only negative point was the gym which was small and not very well equipped for a 5 stars.So, we definitely recommend this hotel and I believe that getting the upgrade to the golden is nice because of all the extras and the fact that you are getting the villas closer to the beach.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>jmo88
<Content>Great time at the Bahia Principe I stayed at the Bahia Principe from Saturday 7/21 through Wednesday 7/25, and had a great time. We booked a room on the Punta Cana side, but when we arrived, we learned we had been upgraded to a Hacienda Club room. When originally booking, I had looked into the upgrades available and decided they weren't worth it, but after staying I'd highly recommend the upgrade to Club Diamond or Hacienda Club. You have access to a reserved pool and have access to a special breakfast and lunch at the Italian restaurant which is right near the pool. You also have beach towels waiting for you in your room as part of the upgrade package. The location of the rooms in these clubs also seemed more convenient, becuse they were located in the middle of the resort between the reception/lobby/buffet area, and the beach. There's another upgrade available-Golden Club-and these rooms are located closer to the beach, but further away from the main lobby area.Overall I was very happy with the resort. It is pretty large, but they have trams running all day so you don't have to walk everywhere if you don't want to. Everything is very clean and well maintained. The food is also pretty good-after reading a lot of reviews, I was a little nervous about eating there, but had no problems. There's always something you can find to eat at every meal because they have very large selection.We were only staying 4 nights, so we had 2 a-la-carte dinners included in our packages. We made reservations the first day for the Japanese restaurant, Mikado, and the Garden Grill. I enjoyed both, but my favorite meal was definitely at the Garden Grill. Service was great at both places, as well as at the buffets. I speak very little Spanish-a few basic words and phrases, but had no problem communicating with anyone, almost all of the staff speaks English.Overall I had a great time and was able to really relax and unwind. I'd definitely recommend this place for anyone interested in going to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>newmom597
<Content>Nice resort...very crowded, too many kids Visited--July 19th-26th 2007Prior trips: Riviera Maya(4 1/2 star resort), Cancun(5 star resort), St. Thomas(3 star resort), Barbados(4 star resort), 3 cruises(Carnival, Royal Caribbean, Celebrity)Travelers--2 adults, 1-ten year old girl.Accomodations--Regular room(no club). All rooms are suites.We travel 1-2 times per year to the Caribbean, always with our 10-yr old daugther. This was our first trip to Punta Cana. I do TONS Of research on tripadvisor prior to booking. Our first choice was the Majestic, but it was booked. The Gran Bahia Principe was my 2nd choice.GROUNDS--Beautiful and meticulously kept. Flowers and fruit trees everywhere(banana, coconut).SERVICE--VERY good. Very nice people. Someone always around to help you/serve you. If you need something from the front desk, all you have to do is say Habla Englis? and they will get someone who speaks English to help you. The Dominicans we encountered very very nice and tried to communicate with you the best they can. Much like Mexico.ROOM--Decent. Couch./sitting area. Nothing fancy but clean. Mini-fridge with 7 up, Pepsi, water and 2 beers each day. Bathroom has jacuzzi tub/shower combo. Nice vanity. Fresh flowers in room and towel-art. Most balconies overlook garden area and other buildings. We were on 3rd floor, building 9. Close to main pool. No elevator. Tv has about 6 English speaking channels.POOLS--Main pool by the beach is usually very crowded. MANY unattended kids everywhere(ages 5-12). Many toddlers also. Pool is very warm in summer. Pool bar usually crowded but if you wait about 5 mintues you'll get served.Pool in the middle of the resort is less crowded but no food there. The other pool across from that pool is reserved for DIamond-Club guests(there are manysigns upon entering that pool that say its for DIamond-Club guests only---so we respected that and just went to the pool across the small road that the trolly is on) The DIamond club pool looked about as crowded as the other mid-resort pool anyway(both less crowded/noisy than the pools by the beach however).THE TOWEL-SAVING CHAIR GAME IS PLAYED HERE!! We've never been to a resort where this was done so it was new to us. HARD to find a chair at the pool or beach(in front of resort) in the shade.FOOD--We're not food-people. If we don't get sick, we're good(we didnt get sick). Main buffet for breakfast and most dinners was fine. A LOT to choose from. You wont go hungry. Never had to wait for a table. But it is VERY loud with noisy children...no matter what time you dined(we tried various times to avoid the small, crying children...they are always there)A-la-cartes were pretty good(Garden Grill, Gourmet and Italian). But small portions and slow service. We made our reservations the day we got there with no issues. We saw men in long shorts and they were not refused. Sandals are fine for both men and women(and kids).Lunch by the pool was limited. Hot dogs/burgers, rice/beef, pasta(various sauces), pizza and fresh fruit. BEACH--CROWDED. With lots of water-sports going on. IF you want a quiet beach, this isnt it. Many topless women also, so if traveling with young teens, be aware. Hard to find a chair in the shade in front of the resort, but if your OK with a chair in the sun you'll find one. If you walk down the beach towards the water-sports huts you might find a shaded spot open.Crowded in the water also.(roped off areas). Dont go in the un-roped off areas because there are MANY boats going by...dangerous.WATER SPORTS--book things in advance(2 days). We did the pedalboards and kayaks with no problems but we knew to book in advance. Motorized sports are extra $$(snorkel trips, banana boats, parasailing etc.)SNORKELING FROM BEACH--Non-existent. I tried. Nothing to see plus too many boats going by made it wavy. We walked down the beach pretty far(to the left as you are looking at the ocean), past where the resort-beach ends and I did snorkel a bit from the beach there as there is a patch of coral right offshore.(You'll see it--its a dark spot) Its right past where the lady braids hair on the beach.(past the Bavara side of the resort) I took out a roll/bread and I did see some fish. But other than that, you'll have to book a snorkel trip.NIGHTLY SHOWS---The Michael Jackson show was lively and interesting. OThers are just review-type shows but will keep you entertained for an hour.LOBBY--GORGEOUS. Nightly music and dancing there. Good bar service(waitresses walking around). A few nights they had a coffee card with flaming/various specialty coffees that were good.OVERALL--The resort is nice. Out of 5 stars, I would give it a 3 1/2. The things that would deter us from going back are: 1. CROWDED. I don't know if it was just the week we went or what. But we travel every July to the Caribbean or Mexico and its never been THIS crowded. The beach was packed, the pool crowded etc. We talked to a few people that were repeat-guests and they said that this was actually off season and its been more crowded at other times of year(where they had to wait for a table at the buffet for breakfast and dinner). 2. TOO MANY KIDS! Keep in mind: We travel with our ten-year old so we expect kids. I am also a teacher so I do LIKE kids. But I would say that every third family was a family traveling with kids. ANd MANY small children(babies/toddlers). It seemed no matter what time we went to breakfast or dinner at the buffets(late/early), we were seated near a screaming toddler....every day. Same at the pool or beach...no matter where we sat or if we were in the water or out...crying kids. There was also many unattended older(10-13 yrd old) kids running around the pool being loud, obnoxious, and spilling drinks in the pool. We've never experienced this before at other resorts.3. No snorkeling from the beach. We enjoy doing this and could not here. Too many boats and crowds at the beach(and no coral right off shore).4. We've stayed at nicer resorts for the same money. Better rooms, less crowds, bigger pools, more luxorious. We would probably stay at one of those again before we would stay here.Would we go back to Punta Cana? Yes. But probably not here due to crowds and kids. If we went back we'd probably try the Majestic Colonial(newer) or Riu Palace(looks more upscale).  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>NeverSittingStill
<Content>Great resort, rocky start       Pool Bar  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>JAFarias
<Content>a BIG dissapointment!! I have stayed at other resorts in Punta Cana and ALWAYS had a terrific time; great food, great service, spectacular rooms, beautiful scenery, you name it. But not this time!I had to go on business to Sto. Dom. and decided to bring my son and his friend and add a trip to Punta Cana as a HS graduation celebration for them. Someone tole me about Bahia Principe. I booked three nights and paid extra for the Golden Circle treatment! What a mistake! The staff was rude, which was a great surprise because the Dominican people are VERY friendly and go out of their way to accommodate you. But the staff in this hotel seem grumpy all the time. The food was horrible. They advertise that you can eat at any of their 5 restaurants, what they don't tell you is that you have to make reservations when you get there and by then all time slots are taken. We ended up eating in the main buffet place and the food was canned and ill prepared. We finally got reservations at the MX place and it was mediocre at best. One thing that was awesome was the tours we took. We had SO much fun. The first day we took a speed boat, that you actually drive yourself (for about 45 mins) to get to the a snorkeling area which was absolutely beautiful. Huge colorful fishes that come right up to you. The next day we went horseback riding to a cave that has water whole we could swim in, then we switched out of the horses and into a dune buggy to go to a postcard beautiful pristine beach. We had the most fun ever on the tours! But it had nothing to do with the hotel, you could take these tours at other hotels. I certainly recommend staying anywhere but at the Bahia Principe. We area already planning our trip to Punta Cana for next year, but not here!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	3	4	2	2	2	

<Author>davidandkeiley
<Content>Highly recommended - English perspective My husband and I have just arrived back from the Gran Bahia Principe and I wanted to give a review from an English perspective as majority of the reviews are from the US.We booked through airtours, flew with MyTravel - upgraded to club class which I would always recommend on long haul for an extra 拢100pp, priority check in  baggage, larger leather seats, more leg room, free drinks, more food and generally much more comfortable especially for my husband who is very tall. We stayed at the Iberostar in Puerta Plata 4 years ago and there is a large difference between the North and East of the Island - the North is more popular with Brits, has Brit reps, lots of good excursions, the East side is more popular with Americans, Canadians and Spanish speakers, our rep was Canadian and worked for Coco tours who cover 3/4 different travel agents, less choice of excursions however the beaches in the East are much nicer and more beautiful so depends what you want from your holiday.We stayed in the Bavaro side of the hotel - upon recommendation from a review on here I emailed the hotel in advance to request being near the diamond pool which we were (villa 32) so I would suggest you do this. It means you are half way down the resort so easily placed for both the beach at one end and the buffet  lobby at the other - both a 5 minute walk. Plus we got to use the Diamond pool which is exclusive to those who upgrade - it is quieter than the others, doesnt have music or games etc and beds are always available.Hotel grounds are fantastic, very clean, rooms are excellent - very spacious, clean, nice jacuzzi bath and we had a great view from the balcony of the diamond pool.Food was fantastic, not as much choice as we had at the Iberostar but we preferred this - always chicken, beef, fish, rice, pizza, chips, veg, salad, pasta and every night a theme night so always something to suit everyone. We ate in the Garden Grill, Italian and Mexican and I would highly recommend all 3.Service is fantastic, only problem we had was with the key card to the door not working after a few days but it only took them 1 hour to get somebody to fix it.Most of the workers do speak some degree of English so we never struggled but it does take a few days to understand what the buffet greeter is saying....basically welcoming you and asking how many people.Entertainment is ok - not professional but very good dancers, the circus night and Michael Jackson night are not to be missed.Beach is beautiful and sea very clear - pure paradise. We used to get to the beach at 10am every day and never had trouble getting a bed although parasols were usually taken quite early but that didnt bother us.We took Peso's instead of US Dollars as in the North everything was priced in Peso's but we found here they preferrred Dollars - didnt mind you paying in Peso but all prices were in Dollars so you then had to convert so probably easier to take dollars.I would highly recommend both the resort and the hotel if you want a nice beach holiday with the odd excursion and a 5* hotel, however if you want to do lots of excursions - history of island, swimming with dolphins, visiting  swimming in the waterfall etc I suggest you go to Puerta Plata which is more 'touristy'.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shaner74
<Content>hit or miss depends on what you want well here i goi just got back from our honeymoon 1 week vacation at the bahia principe from july 14-21.the flight was not bad we paid more to go with air canada which i would not do again unless the choice is sky service.at check in i handed my aeroplan card to get miles for our trip. i dont know what she did with it but i never recieved my points for this trip. i found this out when i returned home, i since have thrown out my boarding passes and air canada says they cannot confirm i was on that flight without them, how convienent. this is 7,000 points for my aeroplan and thats important beacuse at 120,000 points you basically get a free plane ticket anywhere in the world, so i dont know why at check in my card was not entered properly, but i am not getting the points back, which sucks.plus my luggage was ruined, i have a turquoise blue bag, this bas was covered with grease stains and looks like crap now, air canada is also giving me the run around about this, they will not seem to provide a proper contact to speak with somewhen about the situation.arriving in punta cana the operators did not have our name on thier list originally but after some orginazed chaos they found out names, the they did not have out check in packages that evryone gets on the bus, which make you nervous, but when we got to the hotel it took two minutes and we were checked in , so everything was alright.we were upgraded to diamond club close by the beach,. the rooms we very nice.i asked for extra water and beer everyday and even tipped 10 bucks which instaed of two got me 3 beers and 3 bottles of waterwe stayed at this resort in the mayan riveria last year and when i asked for extra i got 30 beers and 5 watersthe pools were good. the main pool was busy , if you want less line ups at swim up bar and more relaxing pool area go to the middle pools where there is less people.the beach was alright, i did not like the ship though i thought it took away from the beauty of the view. water was a bit rougher, and not as clear as i thought it would be, but is still a nice blueish green, as i said i just got bacj from the mayan which had a way nicer beach, calmer and clearer.this resort is huge! weel it seems really big at first but after walking around for a bit you realize you really coul walk anywhere and everywhere, if you do not want to be lazy, its really not as big as it first seems. plus the trams are great 2 minute wait every time.the food at the buffet was not bad, lots of choices for the first 3-4 days the you start to get bored. the snack bars are the same everyday.for the a la cartesthe japanese was very good , the garden grill was good, the beef tenderloin was awesome, but beware when you say med. rare you get med. rare.and our favorite was the french was the best.they say you have to book these a la cartes, but a word to the wise you can pretty much show up ask for the manager or captain and ask if he can squeeze you in. you can also eat at these every night if desired just show up and ask if they have room, plus a 10$ get you whatever you want most likely.the drinks are crap, too sugary. itst ough to drink beer all day without feeing bloated , so try some shots to maintain a warm buzz with every drink you order. although the lobby had the best drinks by far.the disco is alrightbut it does not open till 12 and thats tough after spending time in the sun drinking all day, plus everyone gets in at 12 and there is a 10 minute wait for drinks then it dies down.we did not do any excursions, wanted the dolphins but heard they were mistreated so did not botherwe were bored for the tale end of our trip not much to do here.the entertainment was not that great either, same thing everything.ask jose in the diamond club for whever you need, he was greatthe vendors suck they are like carnies they wont leave you alone, and bother you.it made me not to want to even look at thier stuff, if they left you alone maybe people would bother to look more, but you fel hasseled by them, plus if they are asking for 600$ for something how can you have it for 100$ within the first minute, what a waste of time, that pisses me off.the domincan people are very gracious and polite and thankfull that you are there, very nice and helpfull.when i read reviews about the language that [-----], brush up on your spanish before you are going, and if you dont you will still get by fine. it bothers me when people go there and say they can t speak english, and these are the same people who when immigarnts want to come to thier country thet want them to speak the native language, wll theirs is spanish morons, so practice what you preach. and if you want english go to california or florida for a vaction.the weather was a bit off with alot of overcast, but let me warn you the sun feel like someone has a magnifying glass on you. i tan very well and i got burned and peeled twice and applied sunscreen 3-5 times dailynow, our trip was not that good beacuse my wife had strep throat for the first 3 days and a fever, then after we got penecilin delivered she really could not drink on it so our vacation was not what we planned but still a decent one. i would reccomend this resort to anyone, i think the peole are great, it was a fairly good experience  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TorontoVicki
<Content>Would not return Stayed at this hotel in mid July, Bavaro side, there were seven of us. The goodRooms very spacious, cleaning staff work hard and do a good job, room was generally spotless throughout stay, the cleaning staff really deserve to be tipped daily.Generally, the resort is well maintained, and it's fit and finish is up to 5 star resort standards as far as I could see, all common areas are kept very clean.The beach is great, water temperature perfect, water clean, plenty of chairs, no problems here.Pools are generally well maintained, although the part of the pool where the pool bar is at the beachside main pool was discustingly green one day, it was clearly from all the people who don't bother to get out of the pool to use the toilet, it's not the resort's fault, but it's a real shame that people treat the pool like a toilet, saw this very clearly on second day there, never stepped foot in that pool.The not so goodResort is just too big, and there are so many people everywhere you go, can't get a moment's peace outside your room.Beach/Pool towel service was ridiculous, we were routinely told that there were no fresh towels and wouldn't be any for 30 minutes to one hour, I have never experienced this before at any resort and it's simply unacceptable, I know it's not the end of the world, but frankly, it was quite annoying to have this happen to us almost daily.Saw two gigantic roaches, one in the lobby and one outside, I know they can't be controlled in a tropical climate, but I mention this because I think some people would really want to know this before booking their holiday. Again, however, never saw any insects at all in room, requested upper floor rooms and used towel under door, never had any problems.Service at the buffet restaurants is hit and miss, some staff work very hard to give good service, while others disappear never to be seen again, occasionally had a hard time just getting water.The BadThe food was generally of poor quality. By the third or fourth day, we found ourselves making a real effort to actually find stuff to eat at the lunch and dinner buffets. It's very repetitive, they have theme nights, but they only change 5 or 6 things out of the 50 things they have at the buffet. Believe me, I'm not a picky eater and as I type this I'm actually shocked that I couldn't find something to eat with so much variety, but the reality is that you can have all the variety you want, if the quality isn't there it's just not worth it. The only exceptions to the bad food were the breakfast buffet, the Japanese restaurant, and the French restaurant which were fine. The Beach BBQ restaurant was a complete joke, it's worse than the buffet, infact, we left hungry and went to the buffet to eat after that a la carte booking.Overall, I would say our trip was fine, just wish we didn't have to dread the meals all the time.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Brandi_106
<Content>Wonderful Honeymoon, Planning on going back next year. My husband and I visited Bahia Principe Punta Cana from July 7-14 and had a wonderful time on our honeymoon.My husband has been lots of places before and says this was his best trip. I have only travelled to the United States. We both had an amazing time.FLIGHT: We travelled from Calgary to Toronto and from Toronto to Punta Cana which was an alright flight staff was very friendly (if you are on your honeymoon tell them, they will upgrade you to first class if they have seats available, we didn't but others on our flight did and were upgraded)Br sure to eat on the plane (international side) once you get to your hotel there is not a lot open to eat and if there is it is confusing to find the area.HOTEL STAFF: The hotel and staff were extremely helpful and accommodating. It was our honeymoon and when we showed up at the hotel we were treated like King and Queen. (Make sure you travel Rep states at the time of booking on your reservation you are Honeymooners). CHECK IN: was extremely fast, only 10 minutes we waited in line and no hassle at all!When you get to the resort get a map!!! Study it well. Be sure to meet with your Rep the next morning to go over things, she can better help you find your way around.SAFE: Make sure you buy the safe it is only $31.00 US and well worth it (you can be at ease knowing your stuff is safe). It is a combination you create and the staff is not able to retrieve the number for you so no worries about your maid etc. getting into it. FOOD: We ate at 2 A La Carte restaurants, Steak, French. We had reservation but because of a severe sun burn were unable to make it to the Italian restaurant. The steak was AMAZING!!!!, with bacon wrapped shrimp(made especially for my husband on request)BUFFET: The buffet was alright, I ate mostly rice and chicken it seemed the safest. My husband was more adventurous and paid the price (he was sick for 3 days) However we brought a prescription for Travellers Diarrhea and this cured him!!!!There are 3 hotels in one resort, you have access to all facilities except Bavaro Buffet, (which I was told is not any different from the Punta Cana Buffet.If you are looking for food at odds times of the day 10:30 am - 1:00 pm ( Snack bar by the beach) and from 3:00 - 5:00 Snack Bar by the Pool, 10:30 pm - 7:00 am Pueblo Principe Eatery (Best Hamburgers and Hot Dogs I have ever eaten) stay away from the nachos if you don't want heart burn.TIPPING: My husband and I tipped our waiters, Waitress, maid and bell boys $1 US. I brought gifts for our maid for everyday we were there (shampoo, conditioner, tooth brush, tooth paste) plus candy and $1 US. She always stocked our fridge and made animals out of the towels for us!!!TIMESHARE PEOPLE: There was NO! time share people we ever saw around on the beach or in the resort! We never saw any or heard of any.GIFTS: We bought most of our gifts from in the hops at the front of the hotel and in Pueblo Principe DO NOT buy from the vendors on the beach or in Pueblo Principe they will rip you off!!! They don't barder well and are willing to have you walk away then come down. You can find the same thing in the shops for half the price of less. MamaJuana $3 in shops, Rum $8-$11 in shops, T-Shirts $6-$10 in shops. If you want to buy cigars, go to the cigar museum or the Christopher Columbus factory, cheap coffee, authentic jewellery, and cigars (you can watch them make it). We made the mistake of buying some jewellery from the vendors and found it 10 times cheaper at the cigar place.SHOPPING: If you are looking for some American shopping, go to Palma Real shopping centre there is a bus that picks you up every 2 hours and drops you off. VERY SAFE!!! There is a Hard Rock Cafe in the shopping mall (no ones tells you about it) Amazing food!!!! $46 US for food and drinks!WATER ACTIVITIES: We didn't have time to use any of the water sports in the hotel, but heads up they say it is free!!!! It isn'tCatamarans, if you haven't used one before $25 US for a lesson before you can use it.Scuba Diving - if you are certified $ 80 US for 1 dive, If you are not certified $500 to get certified. They offer one time pool dive in 4 ft of water for 5 minutes and then try to get you to get certified.Parasailing - $87 US for 10 minutesEXCURSION: We went swimming with the Sharks and Manta Rays - $90 Us per person for a whole morning or afternoon. AMAZING, you cannot touch them as they say they can become aggressive. You are in a caged area in the ocean that they sail you out to . Make sure you go on the advanced side it is 15 minutes longer and you swim in the coral reef. They say you have to be able to swim for 15 minutes, you don't you have a floaty around you. WEAR SUN SCREEN!!!! My husband and I also went on FUN BUGGIES had the best time of our lives!!!!!!They take you to a small village (6 people) show you the housing, food , cock fighting, take you to a cave to go climbing, horse back riding, ocean, cigar factory. It is all day long (12 hours) they feed you and water.....well RUM its cheaper. it is $102 per person and well worth it. YOU MUST BOOK AHEAD OF TIME or first thing when you arrive at your resort!!! We brought candy for the local kids when we went and they appreciated it a lot!MONEY: Take ALL American US money with you, small bills better. The exchange rate at the hotel is AWFUL! They don't take Travellers cheques and if you pay in Peso's they will find a way to rip you off if you don't know your math well!NIGHTLY ENTERTAINMENT: They have nightly shows at the Tropicana in the hotel. They are awesome, dancing etc. Michael Jackson was amazing!!!!! It wouldn鈥檛 be a show I would take young children to as some of the moves are suggestive. However I don鈥檛 have children and so cannot form too much of an opinion.LANGUAGE: This was not an issue, if you make an effort to learn some words they will help you out. They LOVE to teach people. Most places speak English or French. We only speak English and we had NO PROBLEMSNUDE BEACHES: We did find a lot of people in the resort to be nude, (bottom less in some cases) this did take us back a bit at first. I did have a run in with a lady who got too friendly with herself in the pool. You also don鈥檛 need to bring towels with you, you can get towels fresh everyday from the shack by the pool.THINGS TO BRING: Candle or room spray (your room can smell musty at times) Solarcain (for when you burn like we did), LOTS of sunscreen (it is 20 鈥?30 US for a bottle) Snacks (chips, candy bars etc. you will find there is nothing there if you need a snack at night) LOTS OF $1 bills for tipping, Spanish Dictionary (helps in some situations). Empty gift card (your air conditioner takes this and if you would like to keep it on all the time it is good to have this with you).SPF: We got 2nd degree burns from the sun and we were wearing SPF 50 at all times. Careful when your in the sun it can be dangerous!All and All we had an amazing time and would recommend this place to anyone of all ages and background. If you鈥檙e a picky eater then this is the place for you. They will make anything up for you and you can stick to the basics like Rice, Chicken etc.We hope you have as much of a wonderful time on your trip as we did on ours.Joshua and Brandi  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>danyMontreal
<Content>excellent vacation July 14-21/ 2007We traveled extensively in carraibe and we loved this hotel1 Food no gastroenteritis 2 Mosquitoes not an issue3 beach and activities -super4 kids club nice( our 3 y/o daughter enjoyed it)5 staff friendly and helpful6 rooms big with separate sofa for one additional person7 NB if you or your children have allergy don't hesitate to go your needs will be accommodated.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ottawavj
<Content>Another Great Stay This was our second visit to Gran Bahia Principe. We are frequent travelers to the Mayan Riviera and feel that we have a pretty good basis for comparison. We learned a lot the first time that we could apply to our return visit. We were upgraded to the Premier section in December at no cost when we arrived. We asked for this on our second visit and were cheerfully accomodated, again at no extra cost. Since we were return customers, we were given a free safe and several extra touches - 2 complimentary golf shirts and hats, and fruit plates. We did not make our restaurant reservations promptly enough to get what we wanted during our first stay. We emailed ahead to customer relations and were given 4 excellent dining times in July. We learned that you can be driven right to the a la cart places if you just ask the tram drivers. We loved the lunch menu at the snack bar in the Premier section. They served great grilled stonefish and chicken/shrimp kabobs. It was a refreshing change from the buffets. Our very favorite place was the Garden Grill. We also loved the special coffee tables that were in the big lobbies at night.Our rooms and the pools were very clean. We took treat bags with Dollar store items and left a few dollars a day for the maids. We always had plenty of towels and the frig was always stocked.We took large insulated mugs with us to the beach and pool bars. It was very hot and these (purchased at Wal-Mart) kept our drinks cold for 3-4 hours. They were so big that they lasted us that long! They do not come around to to drink orders, so this solved the problem of having to get up and go to the bar. How lazy are we? The bartenders were great about filling them for us. We found the quantity of liquor to be very sufficient, but they were always willing to make drinks stronger upon request.Our luggage was delivered to our rooms and picked up for departure within 10 minutes of our request. Although we tipped most of the help, we never at any time saw anyone with their hand out waiting to be compensated. We enjoyed the music in the lobbies, but weren't thrilled with the quality of the evening shows. Water aerobics and learning the dances by the pool were a hoot, but wore on you by the last day.Suggestions:1. Try to get a room on the 3rd floor if you can handle climbing the stairs. The footsteps above you will drive you crazy if you are below a nightowl guest.2. Take your own laptop to the lobby if you need to communicate with anyone at home. They have computers for you to use on a first come/first serve basis, but they don't have a signup sheet anymore and you often get bumped.3. Build up your intestinal immunity for a few weeks ahead of your trip. We drank DanActive. We also got a prescription for antibiotics in the event that the bug would strike. It did hit a few of us on both trips to varying degrees. Avoid the fresh fruits with no skin and the creamy coconut drinks. That doesn't sound like fun, but we found it to be helpful. We did notice lots of little gnats flying around the fruit at the buffets.4. This resort is gorgeous at Christmas time! The weather is less humid and still great for swimming and sunning. 5. Watch out for the guys in the white outfits at the airport. They will grab your luggage and it is a tug-of-war to get it back. These guys are worse than timeshare salesmen! In summary, we enjoyed both of our visits and found almost everyone to be helpful, friendly, and courteous. We enjoyed the varied ethnicity of the guests and the change of pace. The beach was gorgeous! We loved not being bothered by timeshare salesmen. We still prefer the resorts in Mexico, but highly recommend that anyone who wants to visit D.R. give this resort a try.A Happy Traveler from Toledo, Ohio  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GollyGee88
<Content>Gran Gran Gran Principe!! My boyfriend and I spent a week at this resort and loved every minute of it!! We were very satisfied with the food, the service, and the overall environment. I read many reviews before going to the resort and I was a little nervous due to some comments about below average food and some cases of food poisoning - personally I think that the only people who got a little ill were the ones who spent countless hours in the sun without sunscreen (bring lots we went through 3 bottles and still got tanned) and then drank a little too much the same day - this is not the resorts fault.I also think that some people went in with the impression that they should be fed their meals on a silver plater and be bowed to at every step - although in our opinion the service was amazing the staff at the resort are attending to over 1500 guests and if they miss a plate on the way through, well then suck it up!Our favorite part of the trip was the offsite tour called the Bavaro Runners - this 1/2 day or full day (we did the 1/2 day and it was perfect) takes you to different areas to show how residents of Punta Cana live. This is a humbling experience - should be a mandatory trip to all those who feel they didn't receive the so called service they feel they deserve. We were truly grateful for even being able to take a vacation after seeing how some people live every day.All and all - we would absolutely go back - we met many wonderful people, tried some excellent food and chilled out on the beach. A perfect vacation.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CanadianPride
<Content>No Where Near a 5 Star Rating This resort definitely has the layout of a 5 star facility but comes no where near providing the service of one. I have travelled to numerous islands and Europe and recognize the varying standards of food and service. I will never return to this resort nor will I recommend it to anyone. There is visible security on the beach however vendors walk up and down the beach soliciting guests to buy their jewellery, hats, etc. There is a vendors' market on the property should guests wish to purchase those types of items. Dont bug people relaxing on the beach!!There was a dog that ran up and down the beach every day. Again, security just sat there. At one point the dog approached a young child and snipped at her. Had the father not been attentive of the situation who knows the damage that could have been done. Nothing was done about a dog on the beach at a 5 star resort!!! The beach is absolutely gorgeous however the constant traffic of motor boards and the smell of fuel from their motors definitely takes away from the beauty of it.The ala carte restaurants were good. We ate at the Italian, Mexican, BBQ and Mediterranean. The staff were very friendly and the food was presented well. It was very disappointing that they did not inforce the dress code. Its made very clear on your reservation ticket plus when you make your reservations that men must be in pants and women in acceptable attire. There were people in shorts and tshirts!!Service in the general areas was hit and miss. On two occasions we approached the snack bar bar and asked for 2 beers in Spanish and it was if we werent even standing there. Beers were literally handed over our shoulders to other guests that had a approached the bar after us and then we were served. At the buffet we had to flag down staff in order to request a glass of wine with our dinner, which typically didnt arrive at our table until we were almost finished eating.Our room was very nice. Their definition of a serviced mini bar in the room was 2 beers twice during the week in the fridge. The fridge itself bearly kept the beverages chilled even with the temperature turned all the way up. It varied from day to day how many towels we were left. On several occasions we were only left 1 bath towel. We had a ground floor suite and upon returning to our room 1 day the maid, having cleaned the room, had left our sliding door unlocked!!! Fortunately we had rented at safe ($30US). Thats another thing; I have never encountered being charged for a safe at a 5 star resort. Another day we returned from the beach at 5:30 and our room hadnt been cleaned yet. Each day we had even left a tip for the maid in hopes things might turn around.We spoke with several other guests of the hotel both during our vacation time and upon returning to Canada and they had encountered similar problems. If this resort is classified as a 5 star resort I would hate to think how deplorable things are at the 3 and 4 star resorts!!! I cant imagine paying peak season prices for this resort.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	3	1	2	

<Author>geminiqtpie
<Content>Never again, What a mistake!! Food:Rate it - 0I have been to Punta Cana for 3 years in a row. I have stayed everywhere, and everything has always been perfect. One of the reasons i kept going back was the food. Lobster, Great Seafood, etc. This year i made the mistake of booking this hotel. I went to the seafood restaurant and all they had was salmon. I really was not expecting that in the carribean. The only had lobster one night in my whole 7 day stay. The excursions all promise you a lobster feast, and when you get there you get pork chops if you're lucky. You also have to make reservations for the restaurants, and of course there are never any reservations for the time or date you want. The food in the buffet is ridiculous. I felt like i never left the U.S. Frenchfries, Salmon,  Burgers... Nothing worth getting fat over. Service:Rate it - 9For the most part the service was excellent. The servers did the best they could to accomodate the fact that the food was horrible. At the end of the day they can't do anything about it, the problem is way above them. The preople there are very friendly, and speak various laguages. They were overall very nice. Room  DecorRate it - 10Well, If they would've spent half the money they spent on the marble floors on the food, maybe my vacation wouldn't have sucked as much. The decor was beautiful. Everything in marble, Very clean and new, it was very nice.Atmosphere  ActivitiesRate it - 3One word, Boring! Beach and more beach. If you don't leave the resort on any excursions, you will be bored by the third day of your stay because there's nothing to do there but sleep  tan. The casino was the size of my bathroom at home. The club was no where near what i would call a club (maybe because i live in miami, i expect a littlemore). The entertainment shows at night aren't very etertaining. So once you eat dinner, all there's left to do is sleep. The beach is very pretty, the water isn't as clear as the bahamas but the sand is very soft. The rental place for the beach activities such as the catamaran, kayak, etc. is a nightmare to deal with. You also have to reserve whenever you want to use any of the equipment and let me giveyou an example of my experience... My appointment to for the catamaran was at 12 pm and was finnally able to ride it around 4 pm. Overall reccomendationRate it - 4I don't reccomend it at all. Unless you just want to lay on the beach for 7 days and not eat, don't bother.If you do go you must:See-Samana Island (not free)Saona Island (not free)Laguna Gri Gri (not free)Eat - (If they have it)ManguFondongoLimocillos (Mamones)Coco Loco (Drink)  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>MoonSpell
<Content>The Paradise Resort The BP Bavaro is a paradise resort !Everything is excelent! The stuff, the people, the food, the beach...and the lobster!!!I really left my heart in BP Bavaro Resort!Blessed be Dominicanos!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sleepyjack777
<Content>Amazing property, deserves 5 Golden Apple rating We just spent 12 days at the Bahia from June 11th to the 22nd and lets just say we were blown away! This definitely lives up to its 5 golden apple rating. Although this was our first time in the Dominican Republic, we are veteran travelers to Mexico (12 years running ) and to All Inclusive hotels (7). We have stayed at RIU, Iberostar, Barcelo, Grand Palladium, and several others. We only stay at 5 rated and usually choose golden status on the Apple rating. My brother, his wife and 4 year old from Denver also joined us. Remembering that this is not the Ritz Carlton but an all inclusive, I will break down some of our experience:WEATHER/BUGS/ANIMALSHot, hot, hot- several days over 90. Rain a couple of mornings and one night that we saw lightning while drinking in the courtyard. We started to walk back to our room when it began to pour hard. Should have used the free umbrella from our closet! Some nights the air was stagnant- others a nice ocean breeze. Overall the weather was great. There are these microscopic mosquito type bugs that hover around your ankles like they do in the Riviera Maya- must be the layout cut from the jungle. Only got bites on our legs and did use off repellent. There are the giant cockroaches (not hundreds, but a few) like Mexico and Florida- but that's the tropics. Never in our room or by the food. No musty smell, but expected it- again thats the tropics. Saw a few cool looking geckos and some funky looking birds. LANGUAGERealizing that we are honored guests in a Spanish speaking country, we respect that their first language is Spanish. However, several of the staff also spoke European languages as well. My wife- who is Mexican, and my children do speak Spanish, I speak travel Spanish and had no trouble conversing with the staff. The key people we encountered- reception, ala carte restaurant hostess, pool DJs, several bar tenders and cocktail waitresses, the cook at the Japanese, and others spoke relatively good English. As stated in many reviews, a quick hola or buenos dias goes a long way with them. The Dominican people call themselves the happiest people on Earth and I would have to agree. From the ever hardworking gardening staff, the maid staff, the bell hops, and most others exude a genuine pleasure to serve you. There are slight dialect differences such as ordering a dirty monkey is mono susio not chongo susio as it is in Mexico. Also, instead of saying your welcome- de nada they say- mucho gusto or my pleasure. We enjoyed their pleasantness and politeness.FLIGHT/RECEPTIONWe arrived via Apple transfer at around 6pm after a delay from our flight from Puerto Rico. We flew in their from Chicago on American Airlines. There was a mechanical problem with the plane during a torrential rainfall. That flight was delayed hr 40 min. and a new plane was given to us. We did arrive in DR and took the picture at the airport which we did not buy upon leaving since we were flying all day and looked ragged! We payed our $10 each for the tourist card that we then walked over to customs who took them and threw them away- good scam. Customs was easy and we got our bags and were out of there in 20 minutes. When we got our luggage it was soaked and dirty- apparently while in Puerto Rico when they unloaded our luggage to switch planes, they left it out in the rainstorm. But I digress. The ride from the airport is the usual chaos and playing chicken with motorcycles and dump trucks as we see in Mexico- no big deal. Once we arrived at the Bahia it was amazing, more beautiful than the pictures and descriptions. The lobby is absolutely stunning with the natural foliage, the marble floors, the chic furniture, wall art, and sculptures. We met Daniel at reception and I immediately greeted him in Spanish and gave him a new Chicago Cubs baseball cap. He proceeded the tell me that he will have to give me a great room. We were put in building 11 overlooking the wedding gazebo which we saw much of during our stay. Through speaking to Daniel we learned that when people are rude to him he and the staff are less likely to be flexible in dealing with those type of people. By setting the tone at reception, we were able to establish a connection with them. Being in the service industry myself, I follow the motto of its a pleasure to serve you, but I'm not your servant. We treat them with respect and get that back 10 fold. I will say that the $4 fee per day for the safe deposit box is just plain gouging, but what choice do you have? There was a mojito station during the week set up in the lobby and everyday there was afternoon tea and crumpets (coffee and cakes as well). GROUNDS/BUILDINGSAll the comments about the grounds are dead on. This place is beautiful. They are re constantly trimming, planting, cleaning, painting, etc. here. The layout built into the natural jungle surroundings makes this resort less daunting. It is no bigger than the Iberostar or RIU in Riviera maya and is easily traversed. The layout built into the natural jungle surroundings makes this resort less daunting. The buildings are situated so that they face the center of the property but most do not have an ocean view. That doesn't bother us since our room is just for dinner prep and sleeping. The maids decorated several of the building's stairwells that face the walkways with balloons and towel figures- either swans kissing and female dolls. I assume that this was for honeymooners since not all buildings had this. The trams pick up every 3-4 minutes and travel in an oval from the dual lobby to the beach until 3 am. One doesn't leave until the next one arrives. There is a separate flower-lined pedestrian walkway that many people ignore that is parallel to the tramway. When the trams run side by side, it is tight with people walking in the roadway. The restaurants- Italian and Garden Grill- are adjacent to the diamond and golden pool areas, the Seafood and Mexican are by the beach, and the Gourmet (punta cana side) and the Japanese (2) are near the lobbies. ROOMSRooms are always a very individual experience, not unlike food. Each is looking for something different whether it be an ocean view, jacuzzi tub, private commode, balconies, etc. To us, rooms need to be functional and comfortable. The furniture was OK and the view was nice to a gazebo/garden, the beds were about the same as Mexico- a bit hard but not uncomfortable. The bathroom was adequate but not accessible for opposite sex family members to share at once- but the marble was nice. The glass shower curtain was inconvenient as water splashed on the floor unless you tilted the shower head to the wall. My wife and daughters said the lighting in the rooms was poor to apply makeup. Our maid crafted the towel animals adorned with hibiscus and other flowers on your table and bath towels. One day she even put green balloons atop our bedposts to make them look like palm trees! We tipped her the Cub's hat and $5 every other day and she was great. Once I asked her for more beer and creamer for coffee while she was cleaning the patio next door and she said she would. I went back in and there was a knock at the door. She had an arm full of beer and a pocket full of creamer and told me to open the fridge and she stocked it. That's is extra mile and the definition of service. RESTAURANTSI am not a big fan of the coupon system but we booked the Mexican, Gourmet, the Steak House, and the Japanese. The steak house was disappointing as the rib eyes were a bit small and tough. Also, unless you have a table by the windows where the air conditioners are, it is very warm in the dining room. The Gourmet was very nice with the ambiance, the outstanding service and the food. As prior reviews stated, the pumpkin soup did not disappoint. The fillet Mignon was tender as well. The Japanese was very entertaining and the system used to serve you is unique. Everyone starts at the tepanyaki table with a lively, English-speaking cook (Sunny). The food quality was above average but the portions were a bit small. The cook said that he had extra for us and left a big plate of leftovers under the workstation. Then he left- which all eyes were shifting back and forth but nobody had the nerve to go get the leftovers! Then you are hustled into the great room outside all of the show tables. There you get your desert. We ordered fried ice cream which was hit and miss. Seems that they use the ice cream from the buffet and most in our group received rum raisin which didn't taste well fried. I had caramel crunch which tasted like rice krispy treats. We were not able to choose ice cream flavors, it just came that way. The ambiance and decorations there were very nice to say the least. Our favorite was the Mexican. The carne asada was cooked to perfection and very authentic. The best part was the Aztec soup- add chicken, tortilla chips, fresh avocado, sour cream, lettuce, Mexican cheese- MMMm. The Mexican appetizer bar was also a big hit with spicy Mexican wings, nachos,and various other authentic items. The deserts were also very good with rice pudding served in an open half of coconut. I must say that the presentation of food here is very 5 star in all the restaurants and the Mexican also has varieties of cactus outside by the walk. Even the buffets were full of variety and rank up there in quality with the RIU and Iberostar. There was always a theme with carving stations, sushi and caviar, bananas foster, and on Dominican night the flaming coffee served by an entertaining server that sings. We ate all of our breakfasts at the lobby buffet and lunch at the open air pool buffet. We also ate ate lunch at the smaller buffet beyond the main pool with a large deck, but the choices were limited, but the bar was empty. We also ate in the air conditioned buffet by the pool in the seafood restaurant. You can also go to the buffet by the diamond pool (Italian restaurant) if you have that status. The best breakfast food outside of omelets was the churros with chocolate sauce. It is in an urn that you pour into a small bowl, get ground cinnamon from the coffee bar, sugar from your table, and wow! what a treat! Mahogany decor and white linens and wine glasses for juice is first class all the way for a buffet (and all restaurants) at this all-inclusive. DRINKSThe drinks were average for an all-inclusive. I agree about the wine- very pungent and vinegar smelling. We are not big wine drinkers but it was pretty bad. Premium drinks were served at the lobby bar and the (shhh, don't tell ) the diamond and golden pool bars. Everywhere else was cheap liquor. They push the local drink that is touted as an equivalent to Viagra! Its called the Mama Juana derived from a root. I didn't care for it but others did. We enjoyed sitting on the edge of the lobby overlooking the courtyard where there is a strong breeze. Also sitting in the courtyard at night was awesome after the shows and before going to Pueblo Principe. Great table side drink service and conversation. Great memories. The bars at the theater and Pueblo Principe are average and the swim up at the main pool. There was a Mojito station with premium rum one night at Pueblo for the Albita concert (popular Cuban singer) which was a hit. The beach bar was also very lively but do not look for the bar on the edge of the property- it is gone although it is on the map. It will be part of the new adults only section being built. ENTERTAINMENTThe entertainment I thought was varied and up to par for an all-inclusive. The Lion King, circus, and Michael Jackson shows were the best, but the MJ show at the Barcelo in Riviera Maya was longer and more creative. There was a Caribbean band at the pool one day with dancing, and clown/sponge bob kid's day at the pool with face painting, popcorn and cotton candy, and drinks served from a coconut on the beach. The pool DJ's and emcees were upbeat and seemed into their jobs. We did charter a small boat to take us to the shipwreck on day at the beach. They wanted $10 per person but settled for $5- it was a fair price. No way was I gonna paddle there in a kayak or peddle boat! Seems that it is a petroleum vessel that ran aground during a storm in which nobody was killed. It looks really eery up close as you can see in the center and the smaller broken piece remaining to the left.BEACH/POOLSThe beach was nicer than Cancun/RM and the sand never gets too hot as it is real sand, not crushed shells. The beach is long and we didn't leave the edge of the property as others did. We are more pool rats and enjoyed the main pool's size and proximity to the beach where we would alternate our swimming. Since we are pool rats, big pools are essential. Since it was off-peak, we often swam in the Golden section and no one minded or stopped us. There were some missing tiles and a little sunscreen buildup at the waterline, but for the most part the pools were very clean. The foliage islands in the Golden pool were in need of some tidying up as there were numerous used plastic cups that the staff neglected. They would have to wade through the water to get them, but overall the pool areas were very clean and the water temperature was perfect.PUEBLO PRINCIPEPueblo is a nice area to go to especially after the show at the theater ends. The house band or other contests and activities are on the stage. Albita sang one night- she is a popular Cuban singer that lives in Miami. Nice touch to get top Latin talent to a resort. That night they also set up more chairs and a fresh Mojito station which again is a nice touch by Bahia. Didn't visit the casino- but I heard from others that the dealers were sloppy and inexperienced in dealing and overall I was told to watch my money. Didn't visit the disco- but peaked inside and it looked nice but small. The square with the vendor carts is where you can barter up to 60% off. They are not allowed up on the walk or in any of the shops- so if you don't want to be bugged- stay off the square. The perimeter shops were OK- on par with other gifty shops- although the personnel there are not very friendly and follow you as if you were going to steal. We noted this on our survey even though they are not Bahia employee- except for the Logo shop and the Tobacco shop. INCONVENIENCESWe did encounter a few small problems. We noticed that our sliding door wouldn't lock so we spoke to Daniel at reception and by the time we walked back to our room, maintenance was finished fixing it. Our telephone wasn't working (didn't notice for 3 days)- we again went to reception and were told it would be fixed within 24 hours. 3 days more and 2 more walks to reception and nothing. I finally asked a third time and was told that was handled by the phone people around the corner from reception. Wish I had known that earlier. We asked the people behind the glass when it would be fixed and they said that was the first they had heard- kinda funny, but o.k. No lie- this is what he asked us: how do you know it doesn't work? Being the veteran relaxed travelers that we are, my wife and I looked at each other and chuckled. My wife said in Spanish we have been here 7 days and messages have been left for us that we didn't get and when you pick up the receiver, or push the buttons, nothing happens! They didn't see the humor but the next morning it was fixed. Aye! WORDS OF WARNINGDo not buy any straw hats or Mama Juana roots back with you- even bottled roots- they will take them at customs. Keep your video camera insulated from the air conditioning since as soon as you hit the humid air outside, the moisture develop es inside and you will have to dry it out with the hairdryer as I did. Since the Bahia faces East over the ocean, there is no sunset to view, only sunrise. Be careful NOT to book the buildings on the edge of the property on the Bavaro side- these face the new construction area and the view is nasty and noise all day. We have visited several Spanish owned resorts, this one included and they are dominated by Europeans, then Canadians, then Americans. There still is a cultural arrogance from the Spaniards (my wife is part Spanish) and believes they are like that at home as well. The English and Canadians are always pleasant to talk to, and the French are a bit aloof as expected. I will also say that the only tippers seen were the Canadians, English, and Americans. We would definitely return to Punta Cana and the Bahia in the future, but I think we will visit the Bahia in the Mexican Riviera next. Like to say hi to Jerry and Lucy from Toronto- great people!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kiwinoisette
<Content>Gran Bahia Peradis Gatineau QuebecWe stayed at this hotel in Jan-2005 and Jan-2006, this is a very good hotel.Arrival at the hotel was about 11:00pm got to our room first time we stayed in the primier section it is a bit fair from the beach but no childred adult only, but is ok to walk our take a tram to the beach people should stop complaning you are on vacation that is all you have to do walk and eat! 2nd time Jan 2006 we where in the Dimonde section that is good because you are in the middel of everything, the food is good, the rooms are very clean no bugs the beach the best we never had promblems getting a chair on the beach.We are going again this year in Jan 19-2008 for a other two week so far we had know promblems. So if you intend to go I say go for this hotel yes it is big but so what the moore people the moore you have fun..chow see you at the playa!! Joanne and JP  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>renae80
<Content>Awesome Vacation My husband and I along with another couple (ages 27-30) stayed here July 8-12. We booked through Apple Vacations and upgraded to the Royal Golden. Our flight was with USA 3000. They are great! The airport in DR was pretty awesome. It is open air with thatched roofs. Going through customs was a breeze. You will need $10 each for a tourist card. We found our Apple Rep and he told us what van to go to. I recommend letting them take your luggage because he led us right to our van. (same thing when you leave to go home) It would have taken us awhile to find it otherwise. The bus ride was about 30-40 minutes to get to the resort.Once at the resort we checked in. If you upgrade to the Golden you will have a separate area to check in. Before you enter the lobby go to your left past the Japanese restaurant and lobby shop and you will see it. Check in was a breeze. The other people that checked in received white bracelets and we go silver. The difference is that silver means you have stayed at a Bahia resort before and we go our safe for free and free polo shirts. With the Golden upgrade you have access to the whole resort. You can use any of the pools or restaurants. Our rooms were not ready yet when we checked in which was expected so we changed in our suits (put them in you carryon) and headed to the snack bar for a quick bite then to the beach. **There are many different color wristbands. One color is for the Punta Cana side only, another for the Bravaro side only, one for the Premier, one for kids, one for golden, one for returning guests.Our rooms were awesome. We were in Villa 22, This was great because it was near the seafood and mexican restaurant which had a buffet for breakfast and lunch. Also it was close to the beach. The maid had towel art for us everyday. Since we were golden we had our beach towels delivered every night. They have plenty of ammenities in the room. The bathroom includes shampoo, lotion, bath gel, toothbrush, toothpaste, shave cream and razor, shower cap, sewing kit. Our fridge was stocked every day. We had no problem finding chairs. We would normally spend the morning at the beach and the afternoon at the pool. We only used the diamond pool and the premier pool. The premier pool is quiet and the chairs have cushions on them. The premier snack bar was the best. Highly suggest taking a insulated mug for your drinks. They help a lot!!!!We ate at the Seafood and Japanese restaurant. Both were great. Had no problems. I am a VERY picky eater and I was able to find something to eat everyday. I suggest that if you are a picky eater to bring some snack food with you though. Plus it came in handy to have a snack in your room. We did do room service one day and it was there in less than 45 minutes. (24 hour room service included with golden) I have to agree with everyone that the lobby bar makes the best drinks. We did go into the village one night and went to the casino. Very small but I won so I was happy. The slot machines only go up to 25 cents and there are only a handful of tables. We went to the disco to check it out but neither of the husbands are real dancers so we didn't stay long. But it looked like fun. Overall we were impressed with this hotel. Yes it is big but wasn't too big for us. It only took less than 10 minutes to walk from one end to the other or you can take a tram (one tram is always by the lobby, one is always by the beach and one is running between. so the lobby tram does not leave until another tram is there. Same for the beach tram.....hope that makes sense) I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fezzie_7
<Content>Heaven...........not quite My family and I stayed here for 2 weeks from the 26th June 2007.I booked through Airtours and unfortunately we flew with Thomas Cook,seat pitch very small(29),small seats,poor food,poor service and in-flight entertainment. it got better when we landed,quickly through the airport and the 30 min. drive to the hotel. The hotel is beautiful.The lobby is stunning,the grounds are beautiful and the place is so clean. we stayed in villa 8,the room was spacious and clean,towel sculptures every where and champagne and fresh fruit waiting for us.We had been upgraded to diamond club which we were delighted with as we had a pool for use by this club which was quiet and relaxing.We found the other two pools and the beach fair too noisy and busy.The service around the pool was great and the drinks were good(try a chocolate or blue hawaii).Always plenty of beds. Buffet-The food at the buffet was generally very good-fresh pasta station was very good.the service was very good early in the evening but when it became busy,service was very poor. A la cartes-our favourite was the BBQ and the Steakhouse,service and food very good. japanese-was OK but nothing brilliant,set menu-the only choice was which you soup wanted.The deep fried ice cream was great. Italian-did not go on the night as we used this for breakfast and lunch(change from the buffet).as the menu on the night is the same as the lunch time menu,did not see the point in going. Fish-went one lunch time and did not enjoy it-service and food were poor.  The lobby bar was excellent,service and drinks were great,unfortunately it closes at 11pm.The keyboard players are a bit repetitive. The shows were OK,just remember they are not professional,go see Michael Jackson.  The shopping plaza is good for gifts,the barrow boys do get on yor nerves but just say no.haggle for everything,you can get it for peanuts. The language is not a problem,majority of the staff speak English,the only thing that annoyed us were the greeters at the buffet,you would tell them you were English and they still carried on speaking spanish. Overall,we had a great time and would return to this resort but i would not class it as a 5 star.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>vsk1959
<Content>Beautiful but, not quite there. The 2nd of our experiences with all inclusive vacations but, didn't measure up to our stay in the Mayan Riviera. While the hotel grounds are quite beautiful and the food offering was exceptional ( prior to some contrary reports ), even room accomodations were great, there are some nuances which were bothersome. All business transactions are conducted in American Dollars. No need to carry any R.D. Pesos. Yet, very few hotel employees spoke any english. Even front desk workers were unable to communicate with. The pools are beautiful and immaculately kept but, close at 6:00pm? Therefore, there's not much to do after that time except, eat then plan to watch the nightly 'show' which were sub-par. Daily activity information was also not readily available and not communicated. Room clean up times were also odd for after spending entire day at beach, in most cases room service didn't arrive till after 4:00pm. Lastly, there is no out of resort area to visit worth speaking of at this time. There is a new mall in Punta Cana but at time of visit was but 40% occupied and is / will be catered to an upscale crowd not, a local market type environment. Overall, if all one expects from a stay here is to lay on the beautiful beach or by a pool during the day hours then eat after hours it's great. But, frankly there's nothing else left. Especially when traveling with our 15 year old who expressed extreme boredom.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>chebolu2
<Content>"We had a great time!!"       DA POOL  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>chitowncouple06
<Content>This Gran is surely Grand!       Outdoor Theater  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>chrissyWigan.uk
<Content>loved it..... cant wait to go back well, what can i say..... it was really good. Could not fault it one bit.... Just cant believe people moan so much.! the staff was great. yes of course this is a spanish speaking country, but I had no problems what so ever.not one person was rude to us at all...... The food was good, and the drinks where spot on!Im so fed up where back to work now :(every person to the garden men to to security men where really nice.if you want the hilton standards then go there. we met lots of nice people from everywhere (not just europe) Would I go back yes!Any people from the uk would love this hotel.. The beach was really nice, but we spent most of the time round the pool. The staff made sure we had everything we needed to have a top holiday...! :)  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beachbabe2121
<Content>Stay away from the spa All in all, the resort was nice, pretty clean, the food was alright, and the beach was beautiful. We loved the animation staff as well. All I have to say is, if you are a woman, stay away from the spa. DO NOT GET A MASSAGE FROM THE MALE SPA STAFF. I did and I pretty much was molested. He touched my breasts and was extremely inappropriate. STAY AWAY!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>shep1974
<Content>Good hotel, overall, but not perfect! We went to this hotel 21st June and stayed for 2 weeks, Overall we had a fantastic time, but there were just a few things that made the holiday not perfect, but still good.The weather was perfect, in fact too hot! The cloud if any, would arrive around 5ish and some evenings there were some fantastic thunderstorms! There are umbrellas in the room for these occasions. The hotel and grounds are beautiful and well maintained. It is large but not as big as i thought! Reading the reviews I really over imagined the size of place!!!!The rooms were very clean, the made does a fantastic job cleaning the rooms. The jacuzzi baths are great and they provide bubble bath for you to use. I did leave the maid a tip everyday and some days she made more of an effort that others (towel art, flowers fruit). The rooms are big - but i did feel they were a little dark, in the evenings. The furniture is dark, which doesn't help. The air con works very well, although it is not in the bathroom. There is no ventilation in this room.The buffets were fine, plenty to eat. The problem with buffets, is the fact that they are busy, people moving all around you. As we had our little girl with us, one would stay at the table whilst the other would get her food, then we'd swap and the other would get food, so we never really had a relaxing meal together. That is obviously not the fault of the hotel, so it was nice to go the al la carte and let them serve you! We booked the restaurants on the first morning as we were up early (time difference!) and had no trouble booking them and the times we wanted. The French - Le gourmet was lovely, the Japanese was a good experience, the grill was good. The others were good too. We had breakfast in the main restaurant, but the sea food restaurant was open for breakfast in the morning too. What was missing was the availability of snacks, certainly by the central pools and there were no ice creams for kids. For food there are a lot of buffet options, but it would be nice to go somewhere for lunch and pick from a menu. The drinks were good, wine hit and miss. The cocktails in the pool did not contain much alcohol, if you like it that way. I don't think the pepsi was always pepsi?!Most of the restaurants were air conditioned, but to be honest I was still very hot!The main problem in my opinion, was the fact that if you were just a regular guest, there were no 'quiet' areas to retreat too! We didn't realise that one of the central pools, despite being classed as 'common areas' on the map was for diamond guests only. On the second occasion we were at the pool, the animation team came over whilst my husband was in the pool. He enquired whether i spoke English, then told me that we had to get out of the pool because we were not allowed there as we had green wrist bands on. He pointed to the board saying diamond pool, and then walked away. Well obviously we felt like second class citizens and was a little embarrassed to say the least. This pool is a lot quieter than the other pools. I wouldn't mind, but there were plenty of beds spare, whilst there was no shade left at the other pool! We stayed for the remainder of that day as we would have fried otherwise. We did notice that a lot of the diamond guests were at the 'common' pools leaving not many spare beds for those that had no where else to go!The pool by the beach is extremely busy and there are no beds left much after 10 in the shade. The pool is lovely and warm, but as its close to the beach there is tonnes of sand in there! Im not sure whether the hotel actually attempts to clean the pool or sweep it as the situation was the same everyday! The pool could also do with some maintenance, missing tiles grates around the edge. My 20 month daughter used to run around the edge of the pool and we had to be careful. The tiles can be slippery too. The pool towels were a little worn.The hotel went out of their way to entertain, but it was a bit too much. All pools except the gold diamond pools were loud. I wouldn't mind, but they play the same local music, which seemed to be for their benefit and not the guests. The aerobics in the pool was good but not much else. The main pool was loud, and if you sit in one area you can hear music from the pool and the conflicting music coming from the beach which was too much! There are no quiet areas on the beach either, because they entertain on the beach. If you walk further away you can still hear the base as its just so loud! I sound like a right moaner and im not, its just for a 5* hotel, you'd think it would be a bit more 'classy' and not to treat everyone like you are on a 18-30's type holiday!The shows in the evening are great, it was nice to watch them. The late shows in the square were also very good. We only had a problem 2-3 nights, but if it rains after 11pm, there is no where to have a late drink. There is the karaoke bar, but quite small and very busy with youngsters waiting for the disco to open. The lobby should be open for longer, in my opinion.People have mentioned being ill with stomach problems. I have to say I had to run to the loo on at least 4 occasions but not sure if it was food poisoning as such. Diarrhoea tablets sorted me out. My young daughter was fine. I think i have an attraction to mosquitoes. I had about 15 bites on one leg alone!!! They came up very big and red! But in hindsight it was the first evening of arriving and we had not sprayed. I had a few more after that but not quite so many. So if you are prone to bites, be careful! I have not seen anyone else mention this but we heard about a problem in the hotel and i think it was kept very quiet. We were told by an English family who knew the people concerned. But an elderly English couple were held at gun point by 2 men that broke into their ground floor room. The other had a knife and threatened to chop their fingers for their rings. They were terribly shocked and left to go home early. We did notice an increase in security one day and wondered what the problem was. We asked to change rooms after that as we were on the ground floor. The reception were very off hand and said that they could not change every person who requested a room change who were on the ground floor. We insisted and the eventually found us one. We were told by reception that this is the first time that anything like this had happened at the resort, and all other hotels had had problems but not theirs. We were uneasy but eventually relaxed. The resort is vulnerable by the beach and anyone could potentially walk in off the beach. I didn't really see much security checking these areas, but didn't go down there at night.Can't comment on the trips as we chose to stay in the hotel as our daughter was a little too young to take her on them.English is not widely spoken, but we got by and didn't mind. The staff are very friendly and loved our little girl. She is so blond and i think they were fascinated with her!Overall the holiday was very good, i did enjoy it and have fond memories. Would I go back, probably no! The problems were not major, but I left feeling a little annoyed and a little disappointed. Its always nice to try somewhere different. I would probably consider paying a little more and getting the option to go anywhere, instead of being restricted because you don't have the right colour band!!!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Richard1965Belgium
<Content>great place to stay       villa 18  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DanielleSussexuk
<Content>Some reviews make me very angry! I am currently looking where to go on my next holiday and am getting reviews on trip advisor on where to go when i thought id see what was writen about the Gran Bahia. Me and my boyfriend went to this hotel last february and some of the reviews that i have been reading have got me so annoyed that i had to comment on my holiday here - which was over a year ago!Firstly can i add that i am an ex air hostess and am used to travelling to the Maldives and simillar places and staying in the best resorts so i do have very high places to compare to. Dom rep was probably the best holiday i have ever been on, the resort is amazing, beautiful and very clean. Yes its big but you can walk from one side to the other in just under 10 minutes or there's a bus. Some people have complained at how big it is but surely before you book your holiday you can see that the resort is a large one by how many facilities it has!!! Its really not a probem unless you are very lazy!!!Another rude comment i have noticed is about the language barrier. yes funny enough there is going to be a language barrier, they speak Spanish, if your that bothered learn Spanish. Your going to their Country and complaining that they dont speak brilliant english. its disgusting. I spoke no Spanish but by the end of the holiday me and my boyfriend had learnt the basics by learning from them. Yes its a hotel, they should speak basic Engish - - -and they do!!! If you want somewhere where they speak fluent english stay in America!The food in the French restaurant was fantastic, and the other A la Carte ones were good too , the mexian was not great. The buffets were good too. The food is not the best i have ever had but to be honest it was very good and its an up and coming Country, the food is not going to be to everyones taste. If you want standard American food , stay in America. I found the selection of foods every night was great, we got to try lots of different Spanish and Caribbean food, and isnt that why you go to a foreign country? The first night we had a problem with our balcony door and with in 5 minutes we had 3 maintenance men and a manager to fix it and then a call to ask if everything is ok now and how the sevice was from the men. All in all i could not fault this resort. Everything was brilliant, and i think the bad reviews are them of peole who have clearly had a bad experience with their room or something and then they have had a negative attitude about everything on their holiday and quite frankly i dont know why these people go away, stay at home.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KU_MBA_07
<Content>Would not return - Very Rough Around the Edges This is the place that you want to send someone you do not like to. They will be guaranteed not to enjoy their stay. They will also be guaranteed to hear the Bahia Principe theme song at least 4 times a day.We are both American, I am 28 and my girlfriend is 26. We both are very active and like to work out. We were there from June 30 - July 9. We have been at numerous all inclusives in the Carribean and this does not even come close to any of the others.Try to learn some Spanish before going because it will greatly assist in communicating with the staff. We know enough Spanish to get around, so that did help us.LET'S START WITH THE POSITIVES.+ + The beach and ocean were awesome. Get there early in the day to save a good spot.+ + The housekeeping service was also very good. We tipped our maid a buck or two a day and they made cool towel oragamies and got bubble baths ready for us as well as stocked our mini-bar with extra drinks if we left notes.+ + We did not need bugspray, in fact neither myself or my girlfriend got one bug bite the 10 days we were there.+ + The cocktail waitresses at the lobby bars provided good service as wellTHINGS THAT WERE SO-SO* * Needing reservations to do anything on the resort. You will need to make reservations to use any of the watersports that are free. We needed to make an ocean kayak reservation 2 days in advance. You will also need to book reservations to the theme restaurants. Save yourself a headache and do this the first day you get there. I highly recommend it because it is a nice change of pace from the buffets. Also, if you are Gold or Diamond club book your reservations through them instead of the general guest services. Be prepared to make booking your restaraunt reservations a procedure. The resort has about 1800 rooms and only 6 restaurants. * * The pools are off of the beach, but they are close to the beach and pool bars. The further you get from the beach, the hotter it is on the resort because the beach breeze does not make it past the palm trees on the beach. Also, they are very crowded and loud. They play their only CD that has about 3 songs everyday and the CD is on repeat; I kid you not.* * The gym is located in the spa. It is small, but servicable. It is open from 8AM to 8PM, so you can't get there early if you are an early riser. It has 5 stationary bikes, 2 treadmills, dumb-bells, and a peice or two of nautilous machines.NEGATIVES- - The service at the front desk. We needed to get our room changed because it was located next to a part of the resort that is under construction. This took half of a day to resolve this matter while they left us sit in the lobby. They lack motivation and don't really care about the guests because you can't really leave the resort once you are there. After we got our rooms switched, we had to carry our own bags to the new room. It doesn't sound like a big deal, but it is when you are carrying 2 fifty lb suitcases through 95 degree heat with humidity, no wind, and the sun beating down on you.- - The Buffets could be much better. The first two days we were there we thought the food was good. The problem with the buffets is that they serve the same dishes of food every day for every meal. I will say that the breakfast buffet was good. Also, the wait staff would take your plate even if you still had a few bites of food left; it was like they got a commission for every empty plate they took back to the kitchen. It is also very difficult to get a drink in the buffets, soda or alcoholic. The trick is to have one person stay at the table to order while the other gets their food.On about day 6 we both started to have stomach issues. It may have been from the theme restaurants or the buffets. We did not eat a peice of lettuce or any of the salads the whole time we were there to try to prevent it. Go armed with peptol and immodium. Remember when I mentioned about making reservations at the restaurants; that doesn't coincide very well with upset stomachs.Other guests. We were very surprised how few english speaking guests there were. The majority of the guests were either French or French Canadian. Along with the French language comes some visuals that you do not want to see. I am talking about topless sunbathers that have no self-awareness or decentcy. I know it is another culture, but some things just shouldn't be shown in public. It is like taking a gun into the airport, you just don't do it. Also, for all the ladies the fine men like to flaunt their speedos or even thong speedos. I think I have said enough, I still have some nightmares. There was also a large number of guests from South and Central America. Some of the lack of self awareness goes on to their children because they would releive themselves right on the beach or by the pool in full public view. Again; I kid you not.The Spa. We both got messages, which happened to be reasonably priced. The problem with the messages was that I came out of it sorer than when I went in. I really don't think they had any formal training. The Spa is also a long walk from most parts of the resort.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	1	2	1	

<Author>sunlvrOntario
<Content>Beautiful Resort...but My sisters and I decided to take a well earned rest in the sun. We were able to get a fabulous deal at the GBP for a week in April. We flew with WestJet (terrific airline) and we didn't encounter any problems with them or our transfer to the resort. Very informative bus ride, the guys were great at answering any questions we had. They also had our hotel reservations and bracelets on the bus.Check in was very fast, however, we had to wait 5 hours to get our room. Not too happy about that.  There were 3 of us in the room and it was not bad at all. Room and bathroom, very clean! Sandra our maid was brilliant! We had one leak due to a rain storm but someone was sent immediately to fix it. We were impressed by that.The resort is big and beautifully kept. The pools were nice, but we are beach people. At this resort it's necessary to go down at 5:30 am to get your chairs. Sure you're not supposed to reserve chairs, but if you don't play the game you won't get one.The beach is well kept. There is a little stand of shops about 45 minutes up from the resort. Our only real complaint - the food. We're not food snobs at all. Steaks, chicken, pork all done to perfection! It seems they took great pride in their meat, while everthing else suffered. It was cold. Cooked vegetables, pastas it was cold every day. We attended the beach party, and they had a creamed spinach dish, I thought great, until I went to eat it, cold. Unless you were booked at a restaurant, there was very little variety. Yes I know not to eat everything on the first day :)Oh yes, book as many of the restaurants as you can immediately upon arriving. Our mistake, we waited.  We stayed at the RIU Ocho Rios last year and maybe we got spoiled. Unfortunately we would think twice about returning to the GBP.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>PJSams
<Content>Best Vacation So Far My wife and I and two girls (ages 9 and 11) just returned from a one week stay. Overall, the trip was one of, if not, the best we have taken. The staff was very friendly, the grounds and rooms immaculate and the food ranged from good to great. The only downside was we were always on guard because you can't drink the water from the taps/shower/pool etc... But even that was not a huge issue. We would definetely return.Also, we recommend tyying the Swimming with Sharks and Stingray excursion. I am not a big fan of the ocean and while the trip sounded daunting, it was actually quite an adventure. We never felt uncomfortable or in danger because the sharks are very docile (nurse sharks) and the sting rays really kept to themselves. It was well worth it! There was also an abundance of beautiful coral reefs and tropical fish.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>fmproducer
<Content>Pretty good...not fantastic First the good..Rooms are very niceThe Beach is fantasticThe Pools are greatThe Resort is SpotlessThe Service is ExcellentNow The BadThe Food. The Buffett was very mediocre (almost bad) and the Ala Carte Mexican Restaraunt El Charro was pretty terrible. We ordered the mix grill at El Charro and I'm not kidding when I tell you the the chicken part of the mixed grill were two little chicken wings.We did fare better at the Garden Grill and the French Restaurant. The garden grill was pretty good and the French Restaraunt was great. Getting Sick...My Fiance developed the flu while we were down there and is still recovering (they have doctors available 24 hours). i got a nasty stomach bug that I am still dealing with three days since returning. Becareful what you eat and drink. I thought I was and still got sick.But otherwise, you will have a great time. We found the best part of the trip just sitting on the beach and going swimming and sailing (if you know how to sail a hobie cat, YOU WILL HAVE A GREAT TIME! The prevailing winds are great!)But with that said, I think this was our last All Inclusive. We did Sandles in Jamaica last year and found the overall quality of the food a lot better but next time I think we will just head to a five star hotel or rent a villa.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>keena18
<Content>Loved the Bahia Principe I just returned from a week at the Bahia Principe. What can I say but ahhhh. I loved this resort. It鈥檚 my second time to Punta Cana, last time I stayed at the Paradisus, which is also very nice. The hotel is large and has plenty to keep you busy. We had children from age 5, 7 and 9. They enjoyed it thoroughly. I think the French restaurant was the best of the ala carte. The others we tried were good but didn't match up in terms of food or service. The only complaint I had was after upgrading to the gold service, we ordered room service, which didn't come after waiting an hr. They made up for this by sending us a bottle of champagne to the room. We had originally been booked at the Majestic Colonial, and actually it was next door, so I walked onto the property to check it out. I'm glad I switched to the Bahia. All in all, I would definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>saberav
<Content>Absolutely fantastic all inclusive resort This vacation was a lot of firsts for me. First solo vacation, first time in the Dominican Republic, first time staying at the Grand BahiaPrincipe....it will also be the first time i rate an overall vacationexperience 5 stars. The Grand Bahia Principe was highly recommended on this site, and i'm happy i put some faith in the experience of others. My 5 day stay at the resort was nothing short of fantastic. The resort itself was absolutely beautiful, the beach was pristine, the food was great (though the Japanese themed restaurant was ok) and the staff was a pleasure to deal with. As a solo traveler, i spent most of my time at the pool, beach and courtyard where talented musicians played HOT salsas and cha chas. I highly recommended this all inclusive resort and hope to come back real soon.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Joyce-Don
<Content>IT's all in attitude/ usa delaware This was our 7th all inclusive vacation. This resort was one of the best. Check in was fast, our room was not ready so we had our swinwear in our carry on and changed, and hit the beach. After a while on the beach, a few drinks and lunch we returned to the lobby and were excorted to our room. The room was big, cool and clean, ok the toilet seat was broken, but, its all in your attitude.The TRAM what a great way to get from one end of the resort to the other. We never waited more the 5 minute.The beach, there was alway plenty of palapas and shad, june was hot. The water was beautiful, clean, clear and refreshing. I must say the beach bar was busy but the bar tenders would make anyting you asked for. They did a great job. Every morning there would be sea grass that washed up and ther were workers who cleaned everything out by 10:00A.m.The Japanese was great and alot of fun, try it. This country does nothave any idea what italian food is, not to good, the gormet well, its good but warm water lobster did not excite me, I live on the eastcoast and enjoy good seafood. The Buffets, just take your time and you can find plenty. Well O K its just fair.The evening louge with the piano bar was relaxing and the staff were great.All in all, its was a great resort with great staff. I found that the staff will make or break your vacation. We will return.Oh, yea there was alot of topless sunbathers, hey chill out, its a european resort. Try it .  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>sabgagMontreal
<Content>Would not go back!!! We just got back from a week at BP (2 adults + 3 kids, 15, 7, 4)what a bliss to be back home! I'll start off by saying that I am a picky traveller...when I pay for a 5 star, that's what I expect, and that's not what we got. A 5 star in Cuba, in DR and in Mexico are 3 very different things, and we are used to the 5 star Mexico style. CHECK-IN: Amazing. We went Golden, with Air Transat, and the check-in was made on the bus, on the way to the hotel; paperwork, bracelets, etc. Besides being very close to the beach, the quick check-in, having a ''concierge'' and extra reservations at the 脿 la carte restaurant, not sure going Golden is worth it. ROOMS: We were in a building closest to the beach (60) with 2 communicating rooms (which I had requested directly at the hotel, by e-mail). Big rooms, quite nice. We didn't get the fancy towels or any extra attention (guess it depends on the maids...we tipped well every day). Biggest turn-off in the room, tiny black bugs...everywhere, on the furniture, and in the BED! Took me over an hour to fall asleep every single night, never got to kill them all, they came from God knows where.Speaking of bugs, do place a towel at the foot of your door at night, this will keep them out; I saw a cockroach slip under the door as I was about to place the towel one night.RESORT: Much too big for my taste, especially with young kids in incredible heat. The little train that drives you around the resort is hard to find at night, it doesn't come often, and when it does, it is often full. FOOD: I know this is Dominican Republic, and I was not expecting gourmet food, but I don't expect hamburgers to stay out in the sun for 3 hours either. Some people mentionned a horrible smell at the main buffet, it's true. I personally hated the food. Same thing over and over again, with a different sauce. The food at the 脿 la carte restaurants was better than the buffet, but it still wasn't very good. In fact, we all lost a few pounds! Our 2 eldest got sick (even though I carefully watched everyone's plate); major cramps, diarrhea, fever, nausea. I dreaded meal time, 3 times a day, for 7 days. Pack little snacks and Immodium.DRINKS: Staff at all the beach and pool bars is very friendly. Their idea of a strawberry daiquiri is a glass of bright fushia liquid with 2 cubes of ice in it...they don't blend it!!!  SERVICE: The staff's english is either very limited or nonexistent. Service at the buffet is a joke; the plates pile up on the tables, ask for an orange juice, get lemonade, etc. Service at the 脿 la carte restaurants is very very good. BEACH: Probably the nicest I have ever seen; water is perfect, sand is beautiful. A lot of people, but if you go all the way to the left, there are plenty of chairs in the shade, and many many palm trees. WATCH WHERE YOU STEP! My 4 year-old daughter kindly handed me, on 4 different occasions, huge pieces of broken glass she'd found in the sand. I found about 10 during the week...looked like broken drinking glasses. The weather was beautiful, and very very very hot  humid.POOL: My kids loved it. I had problems putting my toes in the water; it was practically boiling! Not only was it not refreshing, but it was also a little sickening. OVERALL: My hubby and I agree that the resort is more like a 4 star, and that the food doesn't deserve more than a 3.We are Mexico lovers, and that's where our next trip will be; it is well worth the extra couple of hundred dollars.For those wanting their hair braided, the spot at the hotel will charge you 80$US for a full head...take 3 minutes to walk to the little yellow hut on the beach (left side), the ladies there are very nice, very quick, and will charge you a lot less. They wanted 60$ for a full head, but I managed to bargain 60$ for both of my daughters. We met couples and families that were really having a good time at the resort. Some were on their 2nd trip there, and were liking it just as much as the 1st time. Maybe DR is just not for us!!!!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>5bythebay
<Content>Beautiful hotel, ugly management, reservations mean nothing       beautiful sandy beach  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	2	4	1	4	3	

<Author>Beautiful7
<Content>Missing already...       Boat  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>joerider1
<Content>The staff made it a dream vacation We left Boston to Atlanta and had a 3 hr layover which left and arrived exactly on time and to schedule. Via Us air. Return flight got bumped to 1st Class Whats better. The Punta Cana Airport should control the non employee people from grabbing your bags literally out of your hands to carry them 12 feet away and expecting a tip. Unexceptable. From there we got to the apple desk and caught our ride to the hotel. it was fine but a disturbing site of poverty. We arrived in Paradise Grand Bahia ahhh I can still hear the song. dispite the down pouring rain on our arrival our room was awesome and decorated with Balloons for our 25th aniversary. Every Day the maids decorated our room to the 9s leaving us gifts and bubblebaths drawn to full bottles of champayne and rum. The Grounds were very clean and all of the staff never passed us without a smile and warm greeting. The staff for Apple vacations were very nice and helpful. The most fun was at the pools with Johnny and absolutely took over the Karaoke lounge every night with pedro. But the Karaoke bar neede more music selection, Its the most fun place and we brought our own music which helped. Beaches were incredible lots to do. Food took some getting used to . Ala cart rest were very nice which we dined in 6 different ones out of 7 nights. We did have some stomach distress issues on our last day but nothing really serious. The french rest is where we celebrated our 25th anniversary and they made it happen that night topping off my Filet mignon with 6 thats right 6 lobsters and a bottle of excellent champagne all inclusive . The disco is a trip every night we closed the place. oh and by the way . The secret is when it rains get in the pool you too can make your vacation as fun as you want it to be. Dont always rely on the place you stay to make you happy. Bahia I will see you again in 1 year and we are booking this time with 40 people look out here we come. One last comment we never saw a single show While we were there because we always found something else that we were enjoying more, Just a great place loved it  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UkChippy1
<Content>Our BEST holiday!!! What a fantastic holiday! we stayed here from 19th June-3rd July,like many travellers on this site, i chose to read the reviews beforewe went and was thinking Oh no' wha if this and what if that, i need'nt have worried, it was excellent from start to finish. We flew with Thomas Cook, it was ok, not as bad as some people said. We were comfy, the food was ok, we had our 2year old daughter with us and shewas excellent on the long flight, i was dreading it of course, how tokeep her entertained so as not to upset the other passengers, but thepeople around us sitting praised her for being well behaved. We arrived at the resort about 5pm local time. We checked in, noproblems. The room was lovely, fresh fruit waiting for us, lovely andclean in the room, but is was like this every day anyway. Our maid was excellent, if we were short of anything i would leave her a note and she would leave what i needed, we also left her a couple of dollars a day, i also took some little bottles of shower gel or bubble bath to leave for her which was greatly appreciated.  The staff were excellent, very friendly, a special thankyou to Tirso,Pamela and Orlando at the buffet restaurant. The food was excellent, plenty to choose from, i am a picky eater like a lot of people, but you certainly will not go hungry, so for all you who weren't satisfied you must have walked around with your eyes shut or just could'nt be bothered. It was 5* and beautiful. The pool was great, we met a lovely couple from New York, Ray and Billie-Jean,the beach was beautiful and the weather was hot hot hot. We had rain late at night a couple of times and thunder but it did not ruin our holiday one bit. The entertainment was good, they work hard these people so respect what they do. We had great service from the theatre bar by Julia, so a big thankyou to her. All the staff could not have made the stay any more enjoyable and as far as our daughter was concerned they absolutely adored her, you would have thought she was their's. The waiter called Tirso left to go home a few days before us and realising he would not see our daughter when he returned he came to our table the night before he left and presented our daughter with a gift which i thought was a beautiful gesture. The alcohol was plentiful if you like drinking, i was drinking whisky and coke and the measures were from short. I could go on forever about this place,it was truly a memorable holiday, i would recommend it to anyone, we didnt want to come home, we were sad to leave. W e will definitely go back and hopefully take more people just to show them what a greattime is to be had. Go with an open mind and just enjoy it, EXCELLENT.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happynuts
<Content>June 24 - July 1st We (Total of 6) were in Punta Cana and stayed at this hotel from June24-July 1st and had a really great time. Our tour operator was Signature Vacation and they arranged a plane for everyone from that operator to Punta Cana. Lucky for us, we were able to find our bus that takes us to the Hotel without much trouble. The tip is 鈥渇ollow the crowd鈥? We saw ppl heading to the Signature booth so that's what we did. Once we got onto the bus, the Signature tour operator gave us the wrist bands, information packages etc.. Everyone else on the bus were told their rooms were ready ....Except for ours :( We landedat PC around 11am but didn't get our rooms until 3pm. So most of us just hanged in the lobby/explored the hotel.This is a very BIG hotel. It has 30+ villas, 3 pools and a HUGE lobby. (There鈥檚 another smaller section just north of the main hotel too. It also has 10+villas, 1 separate pool and it鈥檚 own mini lobby).The main hotel is really 2 hotels in 1. One side is called Bahia Principe PUNTA CANA and the other side is called Bahia Principe BAVARO. They are identical. The only issue I had with their 2 hotel systems is if you are booked under Bavaro, you can only do your check-ins, guest services and eat at certain restaurants in the Bavaro side. We originally suppose to stay in the Bavaro side, but we ended up staying in the Punta Cana side of the hotel. It's a bit of walk under the summer heat so we always look for shades. We took the Tram to the pool and the beach. Most of our time was spend by the beach and we were able to find lawn chairs under the shade without much trouble. Even though it's in the middle of the summer, but you won't feel much of the heat because of the ocean breeze. But it鈥檚 hot everywhere else in the hotel. I didn鈥檛 expect there would be topless women in the beach, so it was a bit of a shockfor me. You get used to it and won鈥檛 even notice it afterwards. We stayed for 7 nights and got 3 a la carte restaurant nights. The Mediterranean was really good, the French restaurant and the Steakhouse (Garden Grill) were good. We ate at the main buffet restaurants many times because that's where it has the most variety. We walked into the Punta Cana side for buffet one day and told us we need to go to the Bavaro鈥檚 buffet. But they both serve the same food,so does it matter which side of the hotel you eat at? We also tried the Snack Bar by the main pool and the food was 鈥榦kay鈥? We asked the Front desk about lunch and they told us there are 3 restaurants open for lunch 鈥?Mexican, Seafood and Italian. We went to the Mexican rest. 鈥?and they told us only Seafood is open. We went to Italian rest. 鈥?and they told us it鈥檚 available for Club Diamond and Premium members only for lunch. You鈥檇 think the Front desk checked our bracelets and then point us to the right direction. Hence we ate our Lunch mostly at the main buffet L. 5 out 6 of us got either minor ormajor stomach problem. Tips: Do not drink the milk or put milk/cr猫me in your coffee. Dominican pasteurized their milk differently, so it didn鈥檛 sit well with our stomach.We also checked out a couple of their 鈥楴ightly Grand Production鈥?in the theatre hall. Do not underestimate their talents; these people can definitely dance. My bf was extremely impressed with their productions. His favourite was Michael Jackson.We saw ppl tipped their favourite bartenders, etc鈥?but we only tipped the maid twice, couple of times at the bar, servers at the a la carte rest. and the folks during our excursion. Other than that, we hardly tipped anywhere else. All in all, I enjoyed this hotel and luckily we didn鈥檛 have any major issues. Just minor stuff: The mini-bar could be cooler, bettercommunication among hotel staff, larger Gym and more workout equipments. But overall people were very nice, the maintenance is kept up very well everywhere and I鈥檇 go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Gonza7
<Content>would go back again...NOW!!! Me and my girlfriend justa came back from bahia principe and loved it!! I read almost all the reviewes from tripadvisor before booking and that was the right choice.the hotel is magnificant,different from everything i had ever seen. Its divided in more than 60 villas with around 18 apartments each.the rooms are great,with jacuzzi and we didnt had any problems with the ac. the food was great in the buffet,we were allowd to book 3 restaurants al carte and we went to the french, the japanese and the italian. we didnt like the french because the food was good but in small portions.Liked the italian and loved the japanese (dont forget to book early because of the availability).the hotels as animation all day long and all night including in the disco were they had some dancing contest.the weather was great it only rained one day at 4 pm but the rest of the days were very sunny and humid.at least my girlfriend had the escuse the use the jacuzzi.I strongly recommend this hotel because the staff is great,the food is pretty good(didnt liked the meat),the dinks are great (loved the daiquiris and the cuba libres)...Were the perfect holidays and didnt want to leave!!!P.S.-sorry for my english (im portuguese) and take a lot of sunscreen (we spent a bottle of sunscreen in a week).  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tazman19
<Content>Great Hotel! Just returned from the Gran Bahia. We stayed 6/25/07 to 7/1/07 in regular service room (not golden or diamond club).Airport - service on Continental out of Newark. Flights on time with no delays. Flight crew rude on both legs of trip (first time experienced this on Continental flight) and some unruly kids on plane. DR airport on way back had terminal 1 (no AC - very hot) and terminal 2 (AC). Be careful here on return trip. Checking in at Continental desk gentlemen weighed baggage (saw that one was 57 lbs - 7 lbs over weight). He tagged all luggage and threw on conveyer belt. He then told me that overweight charge is $29 but I can give him $20 and move along. They always should give you the option of transfering weight to another bag (did that before). I did not pay and walked away. The man found me in the airport before boarding the plane and demanded the $20! Fearing that my luggage would not make it back to Newark, I paid. Alarming that he worked for Continental and did this in front of everyone. I tipped the baggage clerks $5 each way for 7 bags.Transfer - booked through Apple and transfered to hotel in air conditioned van. About 25 minute trip. Not bad at all. Had private mini van for return transfer.Check-in - smooth check in. Purchase safe when entering for $30 and use it! Put passports, cash, jewelry, etc in safe and they guarantee contents. Room was not ready upon arrival at 1:30pm but that is why they say 3pm check-in. Bring suit in carry on and you can start your vacation anyway!.They put wrist band on to ensure you get all benefits and are recognized as hotel guest.Check out even quicker. Rooms- Rooms are huge! Easily and comfortably can fit family of 4. We were in villa 14, 3rd floor right in the center of the resort. Every room has balcony and very very clean. Bathrooms are all marble and beautiful.Resort - Cleanest I have ever seen! Excellent landscaping and someone is always hosing something down or scrubbing something down. Very large but tram system is excellent and carries guests from one end to the other. Never wait more than 5 minutes. Pools are immaculate and loads of fun. Pool bar by the beach is much more crowded but very entertaining. Robert and John really work hard to whip the crowd up into a frenzy. Watch out for Mamawanna, the local shot of the DR. Very strong - have 2 and you will be feeling good. More than that, you might be sick.Restaurants - ate at Japenese, Italian and French. Thought the food was good. Service was excellent. Buffet was also good. Be sure to leave tips on your table.Beach - what can I say? One of the most beautiful beaches. Crystal clear water, great view of shipwreck and plenty of activities such as volleyball, soccer and beach games run by the great staff at the GBP. A little down the beach to the right is the watersports hut. Be sure to reserve even the free stuff like kayaking and paddleboats. You cannot just go up and get one. They have to be reserved. We did parasailing for $85 (2 people) and that was awesome! Shopping - Pueblo Principe is a little town in the front of the resort with plenty of gift shops and stands. Talk the guys at the stands down from their starting offer. You can often barter down $10-$20. There is also a karoke bar, club and small casino in the town.Overall, this was a great resort and I would go back in a minute. I am already sorry I am back so soon!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jml6010
<Content>The good the bad and the ugly We spent the week of June 23-30 in the D.R. as the result of a last minute opportunity to get away.This was our first trip to Punta Cana.My wife and I have been to 5 other all-inclusives and I am comparing this resort to other similiar properties.We used Apple vacations and were completly satisfied with all their services.They greeted us at the departure airport and provided all documents .They explained the travel process in the D.R. to avoid any surprises.The apple reps wear distinctive shirts to identify themselves and are always willing to help.Locals claiming to be Apple will try to assist with your luggage.Totally unnecessary.The bus trip to the resort was well-organized and comfortable.The on -site reps were helpful and polite.USA3000 was the airline included in the package.The flight was non-stop,a bonus for any traveler.The agents,flight attendants and pilots were friendly and professional.I can recommend apple and this airline without reservation.At the hotel,we had a room with a pool view in the middle of the property(near the wedding gazebo).The room was clean,the staff courteous and the maids will respond to any request ,assuming you can communicate with them.No one in housekeeping speaks anything other than spanish.Learn a few phrases or take a dictionary to translate.Leave a couple bucks on the pillow.They are appreciative.The beds were a bit hard for me but we were well-satisfied with our accomodations. The room was spacious and the shower very nice.Without question,the best asset of this resort is the beach.There are plenty of chairs, trees and grass huts.A drink stand is convenient and the staff attempt to relieve boredom with bingo, water aerobicsand dance contests.The staff is enthusiastic and attentive.The water is clear,blue-green and soothing.The sand is fine and white.You can walk for miles in either direction from the resort .There are tourist police and resort security .Since no one goes to town in the evenings,entertainment is provided by the resorts.Everyone seemed to feel safe.All in all,this resort provides a good value for the amenities provided. The reviews which suggest bringing much sun protection (spf50 ) and which warn buying on premises is expensive are totally correct.Bring everything you need as there is no place to shop.THE BAD:At check-in,we were offered the chance to rent a safe.A resort of this caliber should provide a room safe.The exercise room was adequate but small for a resort of this size(1500+ rooms).There is 1 elliptical , 2 treadmills,stationary bikesand free weights.The pools are populated by more smokers than I have seen assembled in one place in many years.No area of this resort is smoke-free.The drinks ,while free, are made with house brands of questionable quality.Due to the size of the resort,transportation is provided by carts pulled by pickup trucks.The aroma of a city street seems out of place in paradise.Over all,I found this resort to be impersonal and without a dedication to quality service that is the trademark of other all-inclusives we have visited. THE UGLY: I do not have unrealistic expectations of food quality at an all-inclusive.The ala cartes are by reservation only .Both the seafood and the japanese were barely edible.The middle east was very good. Beef,in each restaurant, has the tenderness of grilled round steak. The buffets serve enormous quantities of food,most of which has little or no flavor.The lunches are burgers,pizza,dogs and some variation of the previous evening leftovers.There is much fruit however I am convinced this is the source of the intestinal problems common to guests at this resort.My wife and I were both careful about the food and drink,yet both got the revenge(thank God for immodium).I believe that some workers do not undersand or care about sanitation and food handling.The wine is not drinkable and should be avoided.The most disturbing staff issue occurs on the beaches.Many of the patrons elect to go topless.The workers have a tendency to clean and wash near attractive sunbathers.I heard comments which were lude,offensive and which would have resulted in immediate discharge at most hotels(they will say anything if english is your language since they do not think you understand them, we are the minority there).I found this to be demeaning and and an indication that the resort hires to fill positions rather than for quality considerations.It further reflects a lack of training and supervision which is a cause for concern for any guest.We will return to Punta Cana,however I will select a different resort .  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>lovevacationsMi
<Content>Friends birthday getaway - GREAT! Hi all, like many of you - I read lots of reviews before going  was a little nervous.It was HOT there - take LOTS of sunscreen - I'm relatively fair skinned  had to use 50 on the face (4 times a day!!!)  came back with some nice color.We had a group of 6  spent most time by one of the pools in the middle  had no issues finding chairs until about 10am - topless is fairly common for the ladies.Drinks - 6 different flavors of frozen drinks with rum added - they are kinda sweet, but bartenders would help you mix it up a little. Juana  Adan were the BEST at the pool bar - very nice  fun. -  yes, due to heat - they do melt fast - Bugs - took bugspray but didn't have an issue or use it.Language - English speakinga are not the majority, but everyone was nice  worked hard to communicate.Rooms were great, grounds were beautiful, food was quite a nice variety for all the different places the guests were from.A la Carte - we did Japanese (food was great  plentiful, felt a little rushed), Mediterranean was DELICIOUS  very nice  French was so-so. Food was OK, but service wasn't too hot.Enjoyed El Pescador for breakfast - a little smaller  intimate, but good - Tips - we gave out about $20-30 total.  only to maid once or twice w/special requests  to our favorite bartenders. I didn't feel that we got any better/worse service for it - so I wouldn't put as much weight on it as others did.Just a beautiful place - for our fourth/fifth all inclusive experience - we'd DO IT AGAIN!!!Enjoy  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>anamebyanyothername
<Content>I'm rounding up       pool  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Lauz_7
<Content>Good holiday We have just returned to the UK after two weeks at the Gran Bahia Principe. Our room was nice, clean and tidy. We did have a few problems in the room, the air conditioning didnt work, our toilet seat broke, bed side light didn't work and the safe broke. Did have to spend quite a bit of time going to the repecption to complain.The main pool by the beach was very crowded and quite dirty. Did see a dirty nappy at the side of the pool and it was not moved for hours. The sun beds were all quite cramped together and the music was really really loud. We did move to another quieter and cleaner pool and was a lot happier.The beach was lovely, lots of sun beds and plenty of space if you wanted to get away from the crowds. On check out day two bell boy's came to collect our suitcases from the room. They stood in the bedroom patting their pockets and then putting our their hands waiting from a tip. Found this really uncomfortable and very rude of them. Never throughtout the holiday did anyone expect a tip until this episode. We did tip regularly and service always inproved.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>moonbeam16
<Content>Pretty Good This is everything I learned from tripadivsor and my own experiences. This was my first all inclusive so I don't have too much to compare it to. But I read this site religiously for 2 monthes before departure and I had apprehensions about going. My boyfriend and I stayed at the GBP June 10-17. We are both in our early 20's and didn't find any disrespect regarding our age etc. Arrival: Easy, ignore the guys trying to take your luggage, find your travel agency (Sunquest, Signature etc) and they'll tell you what bus to go on. The resort is huge, yes. Stop complaining though, it's about a 15 minute walk end to end, give me a break! With the way North Americans eat, we all need the walk! And you can eat alot there, depends on how picky you are. We are picky so we thought the food wasn't the greatest. We definitely survived on rice, pasta and fries for the week. Breakfast was by far the best meal served in the buffets, I say to stuff yourselves in the morning. Lobby drinks are the best. Pool was pretty gross, wipe yourself with a towel after exiting the pool, nice green algae. Beach is nice, a little seaweed but fun. If you want to try the paddle boat etc. there is a 1-2 days wait, so book it when you get there. We had no trouble with line ups for reservations, or front desk trouble. Never had to wait longer then 5 minutes so I guess it has to do with timing. Couldn't get into the Japenese restaurant though. (Heard it was awesome). Went to Garden Grill and Italian restaurant. Both were okay, not as classy as we thought it would be. The bf got sick off the Italian lasagna, paid for it the next few days. Careful. Trams run constantly shuttling you up and down the middle of the resort. It mirrors eachother, Bavaro and Punta Cana. Get a map (one is handed to you on the bus) and wander around the first day. Maid service was excellent, she was a sweetheart. Left her about 13 bucks throughout the week and lots of presents from the dollar store. She left us wine, rum, t-shirts, and fresh flowers. Even a bubble bath with balloons in it one day. And we were just standard suite with yellow wrist bands! Went down to get my hair braided, done for about 70 dollars (US). I have a lot of hair and it was full head of braids. Took her 2.5 hours and she was going fast (she was really nice). It held up well throughout the week but taking them out was a huge pain. I wouldn't get them again based on that alone. Overall I say to just enjoy yourself, I mean, if you go with a bad attitude, you'll have a bad experience. The people are so nice and courteous, be nice back :) We went for the beach and the sun, and we got a great vacation. Mind you, we decided we could go to the beach up north and it would be a heck of alot cheaper. I say try to it, just don't go with expectations of a high class 5 star resort that you would find in Canada, because it's not. But they try pretty darn hard to be.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>EnglandLawnmower
<Content>Love it!! Just got back from 2 weeks at this hotel. We was a party of 21 and all 21 of us loved it!! The hotel is immaculate in every way!! Spotlessly clean. Plenty of food choice for everyone. Pools were wicked beach was paradise!! The staff dont speak much english but you will get there in the end. It wouldent put us of going back next year already thinking about it. Dont hesitate book it!! Read on other reviews how you struggle for sunbeds well they was 21 of us and not one of us went without a sunbed there was loads on the beach and by the pool!! Its worth watching the micheal jackson night It was amazing!! Couldent praise this hotel enough loved every minute try it!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Swan4316
<Content>Never going back I traveled to this resort with my boyfriend, soon as we reached the airport an everyone was rushing around and pushing you I knew this was going to be a disaster. Immigration and customs was so unorganized I was ready to pull my hair out. We could not find our bus to the hotel. We had to pay some one to find it for us. Once we reached the hotel I was so excited. We were upgraded to the premier club because the punta cana side was all filled up. This was not a very nice upgrade in my eyes. We had our own pool but that was about it. We were the farthest from the beach and food. But I guess being far away from the food was a good thing. I got sick after the first day. We got there on a monday afternoon. I got sick Tuesday. We came home Friday. I was not completely better till the following Tuesday. To make things worse. The resort stunk of cigarettes and gasoline the entire trip. There was no break from it. I think that was part of my distress. I spent a good part of the trip in my room. To top it all off if you have fair skin spf 50 will not cut. I applied over and over again. and i got sun poisoning. I could not lay down at all. My boyfriend has a stomach like a rock and very dark skin. He even got sick and a sun burn. My advice to you if you plan on going here is be careful. When i showered i kept my mouth closed tight I was sure not to consume any water. Maybe it was the ice cubes but they came from bags so who knows. The nice part about the resort was the beach was beautiful. The pools felt like bath water... it was gross because you got no relief from the heat trust me! it was warm!The grounds were beautiful. But slippery I almost fell walking around out side every day because they had sprinklers on and power washed every thing. The language barrier is not that big of a deal. The people who vacation there do not speak english. we met no people. The staff are friendly but i felt like every one looked at you like they knew something about you that you didnt. Definitely invest in the room safe. I did not feel safe on the resort people can just pop in your room at any time. Over all the resort was beautiful. But the food was disgusting, it made me so ill when we got home my boyfriend was not allowed to even say the name of the resort around me. I had to wait a week to write this review because i was not able to think about the food with out feeling nausous. Good luck if you have the guts to go. Maybe June is just a bad month for the bahia principe because I read such wonderful reviews but it seems in the month of June the reviews have gotten negative. Oh on the way home be prepared to have your luggage searched 3 times! In conclusion i would probably never return to the DR it was an experience i will never forget it was beautiful but my stomach cant handle it.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	5	2	2	

<Author>twinkletoesOxford
<Content>very disappointed We have just returned from our second visit to this hotel. We were there same time last year and though we both suffered 'dodgy' tummies then, you kinda expect that. We have travelled far and wide and are EXTREMELY careful about what we eat and drink. My toothbrush never touched any water from the tap - it was all done from the bottled stuff.The hotel is fantastic.....clean, beautifully kept, the beach is to die for. However....the comments written by others re the smokers are true. I am extremely anti smoking and it was difficult to get away from it. The dress code was not really adhered to either in the evenings. We figured that if the staff are going to the trouble to lay a nice table and prepare your food you could at least make an effort and get out of those shorts and flip flops!. It seemed that BBCs were the dress of the day at breakfast....mmm.. sorry - not at a 5* place.We ate in the French restaurant on our 6th night and I was violently ill all day the next day. I went to hospital for blood tests (as per the advice of the hotel doctor) and got kept in for 4 days on various IV drips. On my return to the hotel I was too weak to do anything but customer services were great and arranged 'plain' food for me every night. We missed most of our A la Carte meals as I was so sick. Back home now and waiting for the hotel to get back to me after writing them an e mail. Am off work till at least 9/7 as I am so weak. If you have booked - please take care what you eat and try to boost your immune system before you get there. Take extra care with youngsters both in the sun/heat and the food!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>2	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VacationLover2005
<Content>Let the good times roll... I have to say, the first night there, we were ready to book the next flight home! The staff couldn't speak english, and all the restaurants and bars were closed! It was H-O-T and we were dissapointed that we couldn't find a drink anywhere...However, the following day, everything fell into place. Our tour guide (Nolitours) showed us where everything was, such as the restaurants, entertainment, and the activities, and we were very pleased after that. The buffet restaurants were alright, nothing special. However, the a la cartes were amazing!!! Especially the Garden Grill. The pools and the beach were extremely clean. It was gorgeous! As well as the lobby, which was a common hang-out place. The nightlife was relaxing and the shows were entertaining. Overall, the place was very clean and the staff was great. We had a great time!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>merauto
<Content>great value, but not 5 star.       lifeguard on duty  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	2	3	

<Author>Keeping_Moving
<Content>A True Gem!       Tram  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CARADPERILLA
<Content>completely inconsiderate and not accommodating The setting is a true paradise. The resort is beautiful with great food and great drinks. Some staff members lacked English but considering that I speak Spanish, that was the least of our problems. The service was impressive. It left such an impression that I will NEVER consider returning. The hotel was not accommodating to our needs even after we paid extra for an upgraded room. Members of staff from the male sex were absolutely the rudest, even to the point of whisteling and gawking at a woman in a simple bikini. For service so disgusting, I would much rather enjoy a week in Afghanistan. My image of Dominican Republic, specifically Punta Cana, has forever been changed. I sincerely hope that Bahia Principe Clubs and Resorts as a whole, does not share the same work ethics. I will let Grupo Pi帽ero, the Administrative Offices, know exactly how I feel about their resort in Punta Cana. It was a true disappointment. Hope all who read this consider my opinion and think twice. Good luck Bahia Principe!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>talorie
<Content>Loved the Bahia! My boyfriend  I went to the Bahia Principe from May 26-June 2 and had an AMAZING time! We had read the reviews prior to going and I was so impressed with how informative and helpful people had been that I felt compelled to do the same for others.The grounds are truly stunning. The maintenance staff are working on upkeeping it 24/7 and it really pays off! The grounds are very vast but there is really no prime spot to be at - unless you're right in the middle, you'll either be closer to the restaurants and lobby OR to the beach. There is a tram that runs every few minutes so if you're not one for the walk, it's no problem.We found the resort to have something for everyone. There were tons of couples, there were groups of young people who congregated by the swim-up bar, and there were lots of families with kids. It was a really good mix of people. Here are some tips I can give from our experience:-Go to the French and Japanese restaurants (seafood restaurant is crap so double up on one of the others)-Make sure to catch the Michael Jackson show (I think it's on Mondays) - you'd swear you were actually watching Michael!-Take the Marinarium boat cruise - you won't regret it!! And bring an underwater camera!!-Take tons of sunscreen - even if you think you have a base tan and you won't burn - bring it!! you will burn under the dominican sun-We were upgraded to the diamond club without knowing but I wouldn't have paid for an upgrade. it was nice to have 20min of free internet daily to stay in touch with family (and avoid calling), and we enjoyed a 4th a la carte. The Diamond club rooms tend to be situated in the centre of the resort and you get to have breakfast at the Italian restaurant, which was nice (so we didn't have to walk to the front to the buffet) but again, I don't I would have paid for it.-Bring Pepto or Imodium PLEASE. Our stomachs were going crazy down there and we had to run to the bathroom within minutes of eating. It's possible we caught a bug before we got there, as my bf was sick as soon as we got off the plane, but bring it with you nonetheless.-bring lots of dollar bills as the staff are so sweet and amazing.The beach i s BEAUTIFUL but I think next time, I'll refrain from travelling in May/June. It was cloudy quite a few of the days but it's still super hot.All in all, we had a great, relaxing vacation. And I defintiely recommend this resort! Although I'm not one to travel to the same place twice, I was very impressed by the resort and I think I'd definitely look for a Bahia Principe at my next vacation destination.Have fun!!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>NJ_Family_Traveler_3
<Content>Worst service ever! I have been to all inclusive resorts in DR before and by far this is the worst when it comes to customer service. We stayed here for a wedding and there were a lot of us. First of all when we arrived and checked in they told us that they upgraded us because of the inconvience of having to stay in a room for one night and then we had to arrange the next day to be moved to our reserved location. I had called ahead of time to request a crib be placed into our room. I was assured that they always include it when they know a baby is traveling. Well of course the room had no crib and then we had to call several times to make sure someone showed up. It took hours!!!After we checked in and got to our room, it was around 5pm and we were starving! We asked several people where they were serving food and when we went to see if food was available everything was closed until 6:30pm and then I found out we had to make dinner reservations! Dinner reservations at an all inclusive resort what's up with that????!!! They have open buffets, no reservation needed, but I found this out a few hours later!This place is way too big, and you have to take a trolley like car to get to different parts of the hotel. There are also different levels of service (wrist bands are different colors) which limit where you can make dinner reservations. Since we had the platinum, we did not have a problem, but we did not know this ahead of time.The next day when we went to change our rooms, I waited at the front desk for about 3 hours, constantly having to harass the staff asking, WHAT AM I WAITING FOR.....WHERE IS MY ROOM, WHAT IS GOING ON...NO ONE WOULD ANSWER MY QUESTION, staff would disappear in the office and then would not come back with an answer. The wedding guests filled the lobby, very pissed off and I was one of them, with a hungry cranky baby on my hands. I was almost to tears, and someone nearby was crying she was so frustrated. All we wanted was an answer, if the room was not ready, tell us that and tell us the time it would be so we could enjoy our time there rather than getting frustrated with the resort staff. This resort does not know what customer service means.Then when we get to the room it was clean  nice and had no crib. My husband called to request for one and we waited for an hour. When he called again, they hung up on him. What hotel staff hangs up on a guest!!!! He asked very nicely and was treated very poorly.I would never, ever recommend this resort. The worst part is they tried to buy us out at the end. They offered us a free stay there again in the future. Exceptions: you couldn't use it during a holiday and during black out dates. When I asked what black out dates meant, they couldn't/didn't answer. We told them no thank you.Please do not give this place your money. Worst service ever!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>fosters811
<Content>SomeGood-Some Not So good This was our seventh all inclusive trip (2nd to Punta Cana). Several cruises thrown-in. Love cruises, but all inclusive is the way-to-go. The most bang-for-the-buck. This resort is big, not overpowering but big enough that a person with a little mobility issue will notice. English is language #3 or 4. We had to muddle our way through some of the staff conversations. No major problem but compared to other resorts, very obvious. The room was very nice..turn down, jacuzzi tub,etc. We don't smoke(terrible,nasty,stinking habit), but 75% of the adults did. This is a smokers paradise because they don't enforcement the no smoking areas. This was disturbing. This alone would prevent us from ever returning to this resort. The food was good, just like all the buffets, you get a little tired of them...but you gotta eat. Stayed 8 nights and ate mostly fruit the last two days. The seafood specialty restaurant was horrible. The steak house OK. The Japanese was the best. The beach was beautiful and plenty of chairs,palapas. The pools...again plenty of chairs and palapas. The pool was missing a lot of tiles in places. We have not seen this at other resorts. Pool maintenance seemed to be a bit slack. The lousy crushable drink cups were left lying around for several days, mainly around the bridge areas, but still a lack of maintenance/cleaning. Let's talk drinks. Did I mention the lousy crushable drink cups. The drinks at the pool bars, other than the beer, were not good. They do not make frozen drinks that stay frozen more than, 20 seconds. This was a major problem for both of us. Their ice is just barely frozen and melts too quickly when mixed. The lobby bar had much better drinks, but that's a 400 yards away.For most of the stay, the ice cream in the restaurants was more like thick milk than solid ice cream. They have a real problem with keeping it solid. The flavor was good,but here again, we wanted ice cream, not scoopable milk shakes. We realize that this review is negative, but please remember, we have experienced better resorts and this review is based our experience from these resorts (Iberostar, RIU). This is still a good deal and nice vacation, we just didn't like the differences.The arrival process was smooth and simple. Pay your $10/person, go through immigration/customs ,go to your bus and head for the resort. Getting out, a different story...make sure you have 2 hours or more during the busy times. Little air-conditioning, lots of people. I won't bore you with details, but this was a horror story. We will not be back to this resort and probably not to the DR.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>PuntainJune
<Content>Punta Cana I stayed at the Grand Bahia for 7 days - very nice place! The sun was hot - make sure you wear at least 30spf, the pools are very nice and so is the sea- The food wasn't the greatest, looked okay, but made my stomach do flips all week - Don't drink the water, and be careful with the ice in the drinks - The rooms are excellent - I was very impressed with the layout, fresh flowers in the morning, and maid service - I would recommend not staying on the third floor - too hot to climb all those stairs.....  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TorontoGoingAway
<Content>nice resort, but not good in food at all! If this is not going to be your first time trip to Punta Cana your expectation will be deferent. Our first experience two years ago was with Grand Palladium Spa  resort which was excellent in everything, cleanness  food, day  night entertainment . But our second time trip to D.R was different. Bahia, on the positive side, is very nice  clean resort with friendly hard working staff, but on the food side, I can't give a positive rate to it. It has 8 restaurants but all of them are pretty the same, it wasn't the mater of taste that much, our problem was the freshness of food which we both (my husband  I ) had concern about it. You got to watch out what you pick to eat. The entertainment was ok too, I am not giveing it a WOW factor. Over all it's a family resort with lots of kids, not recommended if you are looking for a place to relax. For us was ok because we had a 15 months old baby with us, which sort of made a busy vacation for us rather having a relaxing time. Going after a baby all the time is not easy, better off to wait another couple of years.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	1	5	-1	

<Author>mapilon
<Content>Salmonella Everything in the hotel was great except that when we got back my husband started beeing sick and after going to the hospital and doing some tests, he as contracted salmonella. We have never left the hotel grounds or eaten anywhere else. He is very sick. I do not wish that on anyone.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Italia_Sal
<Content>Puna Cana equals Puka Kaka Do not get me wrong, the place and the staff were simply great.beautiful room, great beach, super facility. While sitting at the pool bar I stuck up a conversation with a couple from Chicago. They informed me that 10 of the 14 they were traveling with were sick in there rooms from the food. I kind of shrugged it off and had another beer. Ate drank and had a blast for two days, then my fiance became ill and could not leave the room. Lucky the bathroom was really plush, if you get my drift. We came home after four days, then I got it on the fifth day. I am italian with an iron stomach and the puka- kaka got me too. Advice bring plenty of drugs and build up your immune system before going to Punta Cana. It is a shame such a beautiful place can only be enjoyed if you really watch what you eat.No bugs, not the external kind which we were prepared for and never got one bite. The internal ones really gave us a run for our money, tough to get a tan when you are talking to the porcelain man.Got to run, or should I make that plural.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	2	5	5	4	

<Author>KeepinPositive
<Content>10/10 X 10!!! AMAZING!!!! My husband and I have just returned from the Gran Bahia Principe, and we absolutely LOVED IT LOVED IT LOVED IT!!!! The hotel was GORGEOUS and HUGE with trolleys to take you everywhere!!!!! The rooms were BEAUTIFUL, and super clean! The pools were FANTASTIC and ALWAYS had tons and tons of activities going on! The beach was MAGNIFICENT with lots of options for shade or sun! On the beach, there were volleyball games, dancing lessons, aerobics, activities, etc!!! We were never bored and always entertained!! The Spa was lovely, and the gym was well equipped! The entertainment at night was EXCELLENT with 2 theatres, casino, disco, shopping, etc!! Our experience was 10 out of 10++++++. The staff were fantastic, and extremely professional! We recommend this hotel to ABSOLUTELY EVERYONE!! If you have any questions, please feel free to ask! :) Happy traveling!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>algreek3
<Content>NOT a 5 star resort I cant believe ANYONE is giving this resort 5 stars! thats nuts.This resort is situated on a HUGE piece of property...The grounds are beautiful and the rooms are OK...not 5 star quality.The beach was fantastic and compares to ALL beaches that I have been to around the world...The staff and entertainment crew were great and very friendly...NOW TO THE BAD:The food:one word...HORRIFIC..terrible food...We ate at the Japanese, Seafood, Garden Grill and Mexican...Seafood was the worst seafood I have ever eaten...Garden Grill was just as bad..Japanese was OK but not great and Mexican was OK also...The Buffet was terrible..The food all tasted gross...I got sick and everyone I talked to also got sick from the food....I have been to MANY 5 star resorts...Last year I stayed at the PARADISUS PALMA REAL in Dominican and that one is 100x nicer then Bahia...The Paradisus had Plasma T.V.'s, DVD players, GORGEOUS jaccuzi and rooms...The food was 5 star quality there...It was all gourmet food...If anyone is saying that Bahia is a 5 star resort, then They have NEVER been to a real 5 star resort and should stop Exxagerating...I booked this hotel because of the great reviews people gave and they were DEAD WRONG!Would NEVER recomend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	2	3	2	

<Author>Bigtsson
<Content>Family Spring Break My extended family took a weeks vacation for our Spring Break. I am 18 and travelled with 1 13 year old, 6 cousins my age, and our parents. Everyone had a great time and it was a vacation we will never forget. Being 18 I was looking for a week of relaxing by the beach and pool with a drink in my hand and partying all night. Daytimes were great. Beautiful weather, drinks, and volleyball. The nightime was fun, but hit or miss. Here's what I mean.There are 4 options of things to do at night.1. hotel bar, geared towards my parents generation, which can be fun if you enjoy partying with older people.2. casino- drinks are not included but is a nice change of pace.3. outdoor stage- good for 1 or 2 nights a week4. disco- fun dancing, drinks included, we went here every nightOne of the problems we had were the lack of people our age (18-21). We ended hooking up with a big group of people our age the second day which solved this problem for us, but had we not, the night life would have gotten old. So the nightlife is hit-or-miss, and depends heavily on who is vacationing at the same time as youRooms were nice, although my dad and I had a portable DVD player and electric razor stolen from our room.Food was edible, but not great.Overall I would definitely go back, and am considering it for a trip I am taking in August with my buddies  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	2	2	2	

<Author>jdmToronto
<Content>Mostly good but some problems I have read so many of these reviews prior to my trip that I feel somewhat compelled to write one myself. First of all, I was impressed right from the time of my arrival. Catching the bus at the airport was really easy and we were checked in right on the bus. Unfortunately, because we had an early arrival (we were at the hotel by 11 am) we needed to wait until 3 pm in order to check in. Since we already had received our bracelets on the bus we were able to eat, swim and access any of the bars when we arrived but before we could access our room. You should pack a bathing suit and sun screen in your carry on bag as you will not be able to access the contents of your suitcase until you get to your room. Speaking of sunscreen- pack a lot! My husband and I went through 3 bottles in a week- they sell it at the resort for $20 US a bottle. The sun is extremely strong and you'll need lots of protection.The rooms were fine, better to be on the 2nd or 3rd floor as there is more privacy. We had to switch rooms halfway through the trip as some one who moved in next door was a heavy smoker and the smoke goes through the vents. Our room was engulfed in cigarette smoke every time they lit up, and was so bad that it actually woke us in the middle of the night.. If you are a non- smoker, there is very little escape in this resort. Without exaggeration, 80-90% of the guests were smokers and smoking is permitted everywhere. People were smoking in the restaurants, on the trolley, every in the pool. I found this to be the worst part of the trip. Most of the guests were spanish speaking and they clearly smoke a lot more than Canadians. Speaking of Spanish- you may want to brush up on some basic Soanish phrases as you will find it challenging to communicate without it.The food was not great. The French and Garden Grill restaurants were great. The seafood restaurant was HORRIBLE- I took one bite of my lobster and had to leave, it was putrid. The Japanese restaurant was also pretty bad but was great for meeting people. The buffet was alright but we got sick of it pretty quick. It was pretty much the same food day in and day out. There are no places to get a snack ie chips, crackers etc while there and I wished we had packed some. If you are hungry at 4 pm your can have pizza or chicken- both of which you will be sick of- pack some snacks- you'll thank me for it!Bring lots of $1 bills to tip- you'll be happy you did. The service is amazing if you tip- We got lovely decorations in our room, bubble baths drawn for us etc. and our fridge was full of the specific drinks we requested. Also if you tip the waitresses at the lobby bar (which is the best bar- they make the best drinks!) they will be like glue to you, always refilling your drink order.I don't think we would go back, but for the price, it was a great vacation...  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>3	5	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>cantrvl
<Content>Roaches, Little English, Great Food Here is the story, My girlfriend and I went to the resort on May 26 to June 2nd. There is very little english at the resort. We probably met or saw 20-25 people that spoke english. I'm not sure if everyone else had that same experience. We also only met 3 ppl who worked there who spoke english as well. There are mainly French and Spanish guests, then Italian, Portugese than English.Our rooms were decent but they had Roaches. I probably killed 12 in the week that we were there. The one night I killed 5 in 10 minutes. From the other people who we talked to we were the only ones with a roach problem.The Beach is Gorgeous!Nightly entertainment is pretty bad. Its dancing and the same thing every night except for one night where they had a game show which was good.The complex is Amazing.They do however allow vendors to come into the resort to sell their art, jewelry etc. which is extreemly annoying as they all set up around dinner hour and are between the hotel rooms and the dinnig area so you have no choice but to fight your way through them. They are extremely obtrusive to the point that we also took alternate routes to avoid them. The food is Great! There is always something to eat. If you cant find something you are a picky eater.The reason why I rated this hotel a 2 was for the roaches and lack of English. I you speak French or Spanish you will have no problem.If you are English you will probably have a better time at the Gran Ventana in Puerto Plata. Its in a great complex.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LovingPuntaCana
<Content>Gracias Bahia Principe Punta Cana My family and I (my husband, 2 daughters ages 8 and 16) spent the week of June 10th at the Bahia. We all had a wonderful and relaxing time.I owe alot of thanks to the Trip Advisor and its members for providing so many tips and insight into this resort. I did alot of research on the hotels prior to booking with the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana. Now, it's my turn to return the favor.Our arrival at the Punta Cana airport was very quick and organized. I couldn't get over on how quick we were out of the airport. On the bus ride to the resort we were given a package including the hotel room keys, towel cards, and color coded bracelets for the week. (Each member of the family gets one towel card. You use the card to get your towel, at the end of the day you return the towels and get a card back for the next day). They also had us fill some paperwork prior to getting to the hotel (40 minutes approx.). The ride went quick with everything being completed on the bus. Once we got to the resort they had Caribbean music playing with dancers and cocktails waiting for us as a welcome. We literally got off the bus, our baggage was put on a trolley and take to our room within minutes. They really were organized on the whole process. We sat in our room wondering what had just happened!!!The resort is absolutely gorgeous with all its colors, flowers, and lush plants. This is a well kept resort and it clearly shows that the staff and management take great pride in the Bahia Principe.Yes, the resort is big but as you've probably already heard they have trolleys going past every few minutes going through the resort making drop off's/pick ups. This is a great time to enjoy the scenery at the resort.The beach was spectacular. It truly was paradise! All the palm trees along the beach the white sand and the turquoise water. The water was warm but refreshing when you got in. I took our own personal towels with lots of color and patterns that we could use them to mark our chairs. It's hard to find a chair when they are all blue! I have an 8 yr old that loves the water and I needed to ensure that we had a spot where we could see her at all times. With this being said, I would go down to the beach at 7am and mark our chairs under a hut. We would go for breakfast and then come back down to the beach for the day.We would stop at the pool on the way back to the room around 4:30. The pools were beautiful and well kept. I did not enjoy the pools nearly as much because I found it to be loud and more of a party place (this is OK if that's what you are there for. We were there for some quiet family time.) There is the main pool at the front of the resort by the beach. This is the most crowded pool but definitely huge. There are 2 other pools at the back of the resort before the lobby one on the Bavaro side and one of the Principe side. Not sure why there are 2 sides but it doesn鈥檛' matter because they are identical. The pool on the Bavaro side which is the side we stayed at was very nice and quiet. Unfortunately, this pool is only designated for Club Diamond members who we were not. I found this to be a let down. The Principe side is definitely were the party is at and more people. However, we still enjoyed ourselves.The food is enjoyable and there is a great assortment and a theme night every night at the buffet (beside lobby). By the end of the week I must admit I had had enough. I just found it to be too rich and heavy. This has no bearing on how well the food is prepared. It is obvious that they take great pride in everything they do and they definitely try to accommodate everyone. Keep in mind that we shouldn't go to another country with high expectations of the food. Everywhere is different and we definitely need to take this into consideration. We had 3 L A Carte鈥檚 which should be reserved once you get to the resort to ensure you get the times and days you would like. We had the Grill House, Cafe De Paris and Japanese. The Japanese was our favorite. Grill House was definitely good as well as was the French restaurant. When we were down at the beach there were snack huts that provided meals for lunch as well. We did not enjoy it there as much because it was so warm underneath the hut. We preferred to back to the buffet by the lobby. We would find ourselves relaxing at the lobby prior to dinner enjoying the great atmosphere and great drinks! The service is wonderful and we did not find that we had to tip anyone to get this service. The lobby is definitely a great spot to relax and enjoy the serenity.We found our room to be very nice with enough room for the four of us. There were 2 double beds. The bathroom was equally as roomy. The maid did a great job of cleaning our room every day with fresh linen. She would lay out flowers and towel decorations (swans, hearts, etc.) The bar fridge was also refilled everyday. We left her a tip and a gift everyday (body wash, gum, dish soap with towel, etc.) The girls and I went out and purchased a gift for everyday of the week. We realized that they do not have the same luxuries as we do back home. She was definitely grateful. We also left her our toiletries at the end of the week.Anytime we asked something from the staff they went out of their way to accommodate us. These people are truly kind and happy people.We experienced 2 excursions. My husband and 16 year old daughter went on the Caribbean Festival where you get on a boat and they take you snorkeling to see the coral reef and then they take you to swim with sharks (definitely safe). They had a great time. Alot of fun!! We also took a day excursion as a family on the Outback Safari. This too was a great experience as they take us on a jeep seating 10 -12 people and take us through the mountain to see how the people of the Dominican live, how they make their infamous coffee and cocoa, visit a school, travel through the small villages and stop by a secluded beach at the end of the day. They provided lunch (the food was very good) 1/2 way through the day. This was definitely worth the money ($80.00/person). Our 8 year old was free due to a special that week.The water is all purified in the hotel for cooking, washing vegetables, any water given to you in a glass. We were told that the tap water was OK to brush teeth with as long as you didn't drink gallons of it. I did this and I was fine. This was told by our Travel Rep. I highly suggest that you attend the briefing the next day after your arrival. Alot of great information is given. Also, do not purchase anything from anyone selling jewellery, etc. on the beach unless you are willing to barter. This also holds true in the Pueblo (shops at the back of the resort). We enjoyed shopping there. We were amazed at how many people actually settled for what they were asking. Little did they know they were getting ripped off big time. The Dominican is well known for their beautiful stone Larimar. If you want a beautiful keepsake piece of jewellery there is a well recommended jewellery store in the Pueblo called Harrison's. Apparently, most of the vendors on the beach claim the jewellery they are selling is Larimar but really only plastic. I can't say anything negative of this resort as it was truly beautiful. We had a great time and would go back in a heart beat! Good luck, and have a great time :)  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>CND1
<Content>Very good value My wife, 4 year old son and I stayed at GBP from June 9-16 and we loved it. It was our first time going to the Dominican Republic so the island and it's people were all new to us but we had a very good time and would not hesitate to go back.For any Canadians thinking of flying with Air Canada for their next vacation please note that when we were checking in at the Air Canada counter at Pearson Airport in Toronto, the gentleman told us that they would not be serving any meals (complimentary) on the flight and therefore if we wanted to eat on the plane we would have to buy food at the airport and take it on the plane. The resort is huge and has over 1500 rooms total however it actually has 2 sides, the Bavaro and the Punta Cana (if you were to draw a line down the centre of the property, along its length, the 2 halves are practically mirror images of each other). We were in room 31305 (Villa 31, with a room on the 3rd floor) and were in the middle of the resort . We found this to be a good location for our room because we were in between the front lobby of the hotel and the beach. One of the pools was right next to our villa which was very convenient. The 7 a la carte restaurants were in differenct sections of the resort which was nice because no matter where you're room was there was at least one restaurant close to you.The rooms were clean and fairly large. The bathrooms were all marble and luxurious and the balcony was nice. The drinks in our in-room-fridge were replenished daily.We only used one of the pools on the resort but it was nice in that it had a kids section, it was big and it had a swim-up bar. There were a few spots where it was missing some tiles though.The beach was amazing. It was a huge beach being both deep (over 100 feet) and long. It was very clean, considering it's size.There was very little seaweed in the water and the water was fairly calm, considering the beach was fronting onto the Atlantic Ocean, and so it was ideal for swimmers. If you like taking long walks or jogging on the beach you will love this beach because it is connected to all the beaches of the neighbouring resorts which means that it is one very long (over 5km, maybe even 10km) stretch of beach. Every time we went to the beach (most days between 1-3pm) there were literally dozens of beach chairs available so that was never a problem for us.The food was generally good. At the buffets there was always a good selection of everything. If you wanted to play it safe there was always rice, pasta, potatoes, beef, and chicken. And if you wanted to be more adventurous there was many types of fish and seafood to choose from. There were lineups at times at the ddifferent stations but every buffet has lineups sometimes no matter where you are in the world.We went to 4 a la carte restaurants:Japanese: This was the best of the four. The decor was beautiful, the staff were very personable and professional, and the dinner was fabulous.The Gourmet: This was a close second. The decor, the ambience, the service, and the meal (we had the filet mignon and it was delicious) were great.The Seafood: We liked this 3rd best but it was not nearly as good as the Japanese or the Gourmet. The service wasn't as good and the first course was a buffet. The overall meal was okay. I had the Mahi Mahi which was probably one of the better entrees on the menu.The Steakhouse: This we liked the least although it was very close to the Seafood restaurant in terms of our satifaction level.The service could have been better and again the first course was a buffet. I ordered a tenderloin steak well done and when it was served to me it looked well done but when I started to eat it I noticed it was only medium in the middle.We wanted to book one of our four a la carte meals at the Mexican restaurant but it was closed for renovations so we were disappointed about that.The resort staff were exactly the way previous reviewers have described. They are so happy, friendly, personable and hospitable. If you ask them to do something they will always gladly do it with a smile. The grounds are very nicely landscaped and are also very well maintained ALL THE TIME. All day, everyday, we would see different staff working on the grounds tending to the upkeep of the landscaping.We found ourselves using the trolleys to go everywhere on the resort and most times there was seating available but there were times when the trolleys were full and we had to wait for the next one. To recap:Likes:1) Friendly staff2) Big, clean rooms.3) Big, clean pools.4) Large beach, lots of beach chairs.5) Beautiful grounds.6) Wide selection of food.Dislikes:1) Not enough trolleys (although the trolleys would arrive at each trolley stop every 2 minutes or so there were times (especially the last 2 days when the trolley was full and we had to wait for the next one. On the last 2 days we often found that the first 2 or even 3 trolleys that came were full and so then we sometimes spent almost 10 minutes waiting for a trolley. And you don't always have the energy to walk because of the heat).2) In 2 of the a la carte restaurants the 1st course was a buffet which defeats the whole purpose of being served at your table.Overall all 3 of us really enjoyed our vacation at GBP. It is truly a 5 star hotel and it is good value for the money. We would recommend this resort to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>swoonfat
<Content>warning - is very addictive - perfect, heaven, a week of paradise!       wed  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sammywalsll
<Content>Great hotel , lovely resort , Walsall , Westmidlands , England , Went in dec 2006 for 2 weeks this is the secord time i ve been and had the best christmas and new year for a long time , The resort , pools , and rooms are spotless . Food very good in all restaurants and service was ace . Staff are very friendly and giving them a couple of dollers really makes a differnt specialy the maids they will keep that mini bar in room full every day . Get to no the staff around the resort and pool bars they love to have the crack with you and keep you at pool bar all day . Beach is breathtaking and the weather we had was great . Plenty of bars to relax at in the eveing and shows on , and also the disco which is nt bad for a resort night club , All in all this is a perect all inclusive resort at the right price . If your thinking of going to dominican this is the one to stop at . Had a great holiday and would go a 3rd time .  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ping007
<Content>Mother of all Reviews       Secluded beach on excursion  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Chocon
<Content>Great resort...but food not so great!!! We stayed at this resort on the Puna Cana side from 6/9-6/16 in the Diamond Club. There were 14 people in our group...(2 yrs-60 yrs)....everyone in my family thought the resort was beautiful, the lobby was grand compare to other resort we saw when dropping people of off from the airport....even the Paradisus lobby was by far no comparison to this one eventhough it cost more..We did consider staying there prior to finding out about the Gran Bahia Principe.....so glad I didn't booked there.Airport: The process was quick and efficient, just pay $10 for a tourist card, after getting our bags we were whisk off and transfer immediately to our resort, it took about 40 mins. since we had to made 3 prior stop to drop off others.The return was a different story, it was chaos on the weekend , the line was super long and hot!!!! and it took forever to check-inHotel  Rooms: Beautiful ground....it was breathtaking.....You won't be disappointed. The room was very spacious and nicely layout. The king bed is truly a king compare with other resort I've stayed in the past. If you travel with young kids one can sleep on the sofa bed...the maid will come and put sheet and pillow down for them. They have crib for really little one, I requested for my 2yrs old. It is a Graco Portable Crib, which works out great since my little one naps in it at home so it was like sleeping at home for her. The maid did a great job cleaning our room early everyday, we left her $2-3 tip each day, we got plenty of everything (water, shampoo, towels, pillows) Beach/Pools: The beach is gorgeous.....clean and not strong wave so it was perfect to swim in..we did not have any problem reserving loungers at the beach for our big group. I saw a lot of empty palapas...if you have 2 or 4 in your group....you should not have any problems finding shade at any time during the day. Food/Drinks:I will start out with the drinks....the fruit cocktails were sooo sweet it was like drinking syrup.....like the other reviews only the lobby bar makes decent cocktails....the pool/beach bar was a hit or miss depending on what you ordered and the bartender. The restaurants....don't even bother ordering a drink in there...it was the worst. Do try the frozen bahia principe, it is pretty good but ask for it frozen otherwise they will serve it on the rocks. A word on bartenders some were really nice especially the beach and pool ones but the ones in the theater and lobby do work for tips, if they see a buck in someone hand they will run over to serve them first....everyone in our group do tip when we order drinks but we give it after if the service is good...you should not have to buy service. Same for restaurants, our group would leave $20 - 25 in tip for the waiter if the service is great, the look on their face when receiving the $$ is priceless. We got 4 ala carte so we booked 2 french, 1 seafood  1 japanese, here is my take on the restaurants:French: Food was not good, portion was quite small and the service was extremely slow. It took 2.5 hrs for us to eat in there, I had the surf and turf (lobster  steak), the steak was overcooked so it was really tough  the lobster was mushy because it was dead for sometime prior to cooking....My whole family grew up on the coast eating seafood all our lives so we knew right off that it wasn't edible. It doesn't matter what part of the world the lobster is from, if it's mushy...don't eat it or you can get really sick...shellfish should not taste like that...trust me. We tried to book other restaurant after our first dinner here but was not able to so we were stuck eating here twice one over puna cana and one over the bavaro side. The service wasn't any better, everyone in my family did ordered something different hoping that it would be better but it still wasn't good. Seafood: If you are a seafood lover, do book this restaurant. It has an appetizer bar with lots of good selection such as (calamari, fish ceviche, seasoned shrimps, squids). We all had the lobster special...it was really good. The lobsters tasted like it should...do ask for the garlic butter to dip with....you will leave very full and satisfied. The service here was also good.Japanese: It was okay if you're looking for a different dining experience, we had a big group so they cooked everything for us (beef, chicken, shrimps) the shrimps were really small and previously frozen. The service was super fast....we were at the hibachi table less than an hr and was whisk away to another table to have dessert. Buffet: Our group had to eat dinner buffet 3 consecutive nights, it does get repetitive and the food was not good. I've stayed at other AI in Mexico and the food was much much better even at the buffet. Excursions: Our family did the CARIBBEAN FESTIVAL which was a lot of fun, it was a 4-5 hrs trip on a catamaran which we snorkel and party. The do have dominican dancers to entertain you during the boat ride. It cost $78/adult and half price for kids under 12. My 6yrs old loved it. They do require life jacket to be worn during snorkeling or else you have to sign a waiver if you don't want to wear one. My husband, 6yrs old and 8 other family members did the ATV CRAZY WHEELS (4 wheeler). They all had a blast...they got to drive the vehicle for almost 3 hrs..going through town, river, beach, coco plantation, swiming in a cave. They video tape the whole excursion with everyone in it and sell it afterward for $35, my husband bought it since there were 10 of them in the group. If you go in a big group it is worth buying. It is $90 for single rider and double rider are $60, they do have helmets for everyone ( they don't allow you to ride without a helmet) and my husband said all the vehicle was in great condition. I don't know where the other reviewer booked their ATV excursion that allow them to ride without a helmet and also for only $40. Maybe you get what you pay for. Do book your excursions in the Tour Operators Office for a more organized and safer excursions, the scuba caribe sales people will go around to get you to book with them, they had a 2hrs snorkeling tour for only $28, they take you out on a small boat, it didn't seem like a safe and quality kind of snorkeling trip so we all opted for the $78 snorkeling trip, glad we did it was worth it.Overall, the resort and beach is beautiful but the food was a little disappointing to us. My husband and I have traveled the world and we are by far not picky eater because we love trying new food but here we have to rate the food as below average. If they could improve on the food, this resort would be top notch. Keep in mind when booking here, if you come for the beautiful scenery, resort  beach you will not be disappointed but if you come expecting culinary cuisine...then you will certainly be.Be sure to bring bug spray there is mosquitos especially in the evening time, if you bring kids be sure to put it on them before heading out for the evening. I know other members have helped answered all my questions prior to my trip, they gave me tips and valuable info. that I could not have gotten anywhere else.If you are heading to Punta Cana and has any questions. You can email me at vjdtran@sbcglobal.net just put Gran Bahia Principe Questions on the subject line so that I'll know it's not junk mails.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>welshmanWales
<Content>The True,The Whole Truth And Nothing But The Truth! We stayed at this resort from 21 may-june 6th 2007 with my wife and 2 children,aged 10  6We flew from gatwick with my travel and upgraded our seats to 'premiergold' i must say that it was worth the extra money the staff were wonderful,plenty of food and the seats were great,would highly recommend it to get your holiday off to a great start.Got to the airport,wow so hot and what an expericence thatched roofs airport,so relaxing with the caribbean music playing and they take your photo, you can pick them up on your departure.At this stage,just remember to have $10 per person ready to pay at the airport,for your arrival and $20 per person on your departure(they say this is a poor country,well someone is getting rich).Got to the resort in approx 1hr,first impressions were beautiful and how clean the resort is.Checked in quickly and were taken to the room we were staying for the next 14 days.The room was next to the diamond pool,as requested via email a few weeks before holiday.They say when you contact them that they cannot guarantee anything,but our request was excepted by the diamond pool where it is quiet and near where the action is in the nights at the concert hall.The golden package is mainly available to the americans and the travel agents around america,or you can book it on line,could not upgrade via british travel agents,this includes a room closer to the beach, extra vists to the resturants and 24hr room service.The large pool at the top of the resort was busy in the afternoons,mainly with canadians,americans and spainish.We stayed at the pool a couple of times but liked the diamond pool,which is situated in the middle of the resort (quieter).The afternoon buffet you can get up by the large pool/beach or you can travel to the main buffet,which is a 10/15 minute walk or a short tram ride.The trams run 24/7 and were great.The beach was beautiful and not that busy,we had no issues about getting seats at 8-9.00am,just dont expect good seats at 11/12pm onwards.The resturants were good,our favourite was the italian and japanese,but to be honest they were all good and they gave great service.We only went on one excursion saona island,which was $88 for adults and $44 for children, the island was beautiful but long boat ride to get there approx 2.5 hrs and you only have approx 1.5/2hrs on the island then you go back quicker in a speed boat,stopping off to see some starfish which was nice.My only issue with this trip is why can't you go on a speed boat there and back,then you can have more time at the island?From a british point of view compared to spain and the rest of europe this was better value for money holiday,the dollar goes further compared to the euro and the cost of the holiday for me with 2 children and a wife was just around the same price as half board going to spain.I think the only thing that puts of british people not going to places like this is the flight times,which i felt went quickly .I did have a bad stomach for a few days but that is the price you pay with all that good food and drinks.Been a parent of 2 girls aged 10 and 6 was concerned regarding depth of pools, but had no issues my kids swimming up to the pool bar and getting drinks themselves,which they did often.Finally the cappuccino in the italian resturant and in the main lobby were amazing,have one you will enjoy them.I am going back there in 3 years time,and that really says it all.I hope this review was helpful and that if you go there you will have a good holiday like we did.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>IRD1
<Content>Would not recommend We just visited the hotel in June for a wedding. Our experience with most of the visit was not at all pleasant. Starting with our arrival. As has been mentioned in the other reviews, this resort is huge. When we got to the hotel, we found that our room (# 40112) was the farthest away on the back part of the resort, far from the beach and having a child with us, we wanted a room close to the pool and beach. The number 40 block of rooms are approx. 200 yards from the lobby, which you have to walk, and then the trolley is another 75-100 yards from the lobby. We asked to be upgraded near the beach and had to pay more but they kept telling us because we upgraded we now had certain restrictions and would not be allowed to go to one of the pools and one of the restaurants. I still don鈥檛 understand that one鈥? I 鈥淯PGRADED鈥?and paid more money so why are there now more restrictions!!! Well after spending the better part of the first day trying to get a decent arrangement, we finally were upgraded. The rooms were fine but we found a cockroach crawling in my husband鈥檚 bathroom bag hanging on the bathroom hook.Location seemed ok. The beach was great---no seaweed and clear. The sand was white and soft and didn鈥檛 get too hot.Cleanliness: the maids cleaned and made our beds twice a day but my perfume, a $70 bottle went missing. The last day, the maid did not show up to clean our rooms.Food: I have never in my entire life eaten such horrible food. The buffet was terrible! The food in general was overcooked. The shrimp was so overcooked that they actually tasted like pork rinds and the filet mignon was like eating cardboard. And while eating at the Garden Grill, a mouse crawled by us. It鈥檚 unbelievable. The drinks were horrible also, I asked for a mojito and the leaves were brown and old. The strawberry ice cream tasted like chewing gum. Most of the desserts were not good. This is one resort that I will never go back to and would not recommend.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>moadby
<Content>Perfect all-inclusive long weekend!       A little crowded, but the pool aerobics while drinking at the swim up bar are a treat.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Mattpace
<Content>Very Clean, Very Hot, Very Disappointing Food Overall all, this place is a great value. That is if you place no value on food....Rooms-Clean and comfortable but we did have a problem with ants in our bathroom.Hotel Grounds-The Bahia is well maintained and very clean. There are constantly people cleaning and doing so more than almost anything else. Its clearly the managements main focus.Beach- Blue, Blue water. No peace and quiet. If you need a quiet place dont even go to this resort beucase there is none. Constant music makes for a great party atmosphere though. You are better off laying out at the beach than at the pool. At least there is a cool body of water to hide in and a cool breeze that makes the heat bearable unlike the pool which...Pool- Its a bathtub. Not refreshing but it does have a pool bar. Get up early becuase there is a chair problem at the beach and pool under the huts so mark your territory early.Drinks-They were OK as long as you know not to drink your hotel room water, dont have too many drinks containing coconut and do ask for a double if you want to get anywhere. The beer is OK if you like to drink you glass of beer all at once to avoid allowing it to boil in the sun within moments of having it served to you.Service-They do have wonderful service and the staff is very nice. But we were disappointed to find out that there wasn't any drink waitresses around the pool but the pool bar is pretty good.Restaurants/Food- In short, the food is not very good. The snack bar serves everything hot, even when it shouldn't be... including cheese and mayonaise. Don't even expect ice or any thing cold whatsoever. (I think it sublimates once exposed to the ambient air.) For breakfast the omlettes are safe becuase they are prepared in front of you, for lunch you are on your own. My suggestion is the fruit because my feeling was if they can't cook it its probably safe. Then again, they did fry pineapples so your rolling the dice at the buffet all week long. And they may not tell you this at your travel agent so EXPECT TO BE ALLOWED ONLY 3 RESERVATIONS. Ther rest of they week you are resigned to the buffet. But they restaurants aren't that great either. Only the French had consistently good food. Get in more than once by calling guest services and asking if they have any cancellations. Also, BRING LONG PANTS. This was another important point my agent left out which caused some big problems. They will not let you go to dinner without them. Overall- Its a very nice place giving you a lot of ambiance for your money but leaves a lot to be desired with respect to the food.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	2	3	3	

<Author>munster-mama
<Content>Excellent!       beach  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Nantas
<Content>Had a Wonderful Two weeks!       Trimming Palm leaves  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ava9802
<Content>Relaxing Trip - My Take I visited the Dominican on June 5-11 with my boyfriend. Overall the place is very well kept and the service it great. Here are my opinions on the various points.Room- Awesome. Spacious -cleaned and stocked daily. Was on the first floor and really have no bug complaints.Hotel Grounds- Beautiful. As everyone says extremely well kept and groomed. Resort is big but not as enormous as the boards make it out to be. We were all the way in the premiere section (furthest from the beach). All in all it was probably about 2.5 city blocks to the beach- a nice walk. But, yes the trams run very frequently for those who wish to not walk on vacation.Beach- Beautiful. Relaxing. There is some seaweed but really not bothersome. Had a few days of waves and a few calm days and both were great. Really enjoyed watching all the activities on the beach that the resort does like the constant volleyball action or beach aerobics.. still cant get that song out of my head... Pools- Nice. Very warm water. Didnt spend really any time here as we go the Caribbean for the beach!Chair Problem- Was actually not at all a problem. We slept in every day till 10:00am and got to the beach by 1030-11 and never had a problem. There were plenty of chairs and shade as the beach has a ton of gorgeous palm trees that provide ample shade. The pools didnt look bad either. I actually did see signs posted about not saving chairs. Know this has been a problem for others but really at this time it was a breeze. Drinks- They were alright. Had a few drinks that weren't terrible but by the end I was sick of them. Think this is an area they could do better. Service- Very accommodating. All the help seemed to go out of the way to help you. Most spoke English or understood enough to know what you were saying. Aside for one or two servers in the Bavaro lobby bar, found all the employees very nice.Food- I am not a picky eater and generally like to try new things and eat almost all foods. I have to say though this was the big area of lacking. It wasn't so much of a taste issue but more of a freshness issue. The food just was not fresh. It was very evident as both my traveling partner and I got pretty sick. for a couple of the days. We had only been drinking/ using bottled water so it was not from that. Also, felt the alla carte restaurants were somewhat of a rip off in that it was really only served your entree that your ordered. The appetizers were still in a buffet style.Overall- the resort is beautiful and its a good value for a nice trip. I would just be cautious with what you eat and drink.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>perryman32
<Content>All we can say is FABULOUS!!!!! WOW!!!! WONDERFUL!!!! The absolule BEST! From Atlanta in the USAWe vacationed here 6/1-6/8/2007.Wow, there are no words to describe how wonderful and amazing this resort is. We did MUCH research and believe me I read pretty much ALL of the reviews and Im going to do my best to really break it down for you.Resort: It is a large resort BUT it was not intimidating for us at all. We were able to be as romantic as we wanted to be and/or as social as we wanted to be with no problems at all. Our room wasn't far from the main lobby and to walk to the beach was a nice and beautiful walk for us or you can take the always available trolly if you want.It is true that the grounds are immaculate - and that is probably an understatement. This resort is absolutely amazing. Your pictures wont do it justice.Rooms: We stayed in a Bavaro room on the Principe side and out room as spectacular. We thought about upgrading to the Royal Golden but found that it was not worth it. We followed our instructions from many other reviews and took many $1's with us and left tips and small gifts we picked up before we arrived for our housekeeper and she took care of us in a major way. Whenever we returned to our room it was spotless with plenty of fresh flowers and towels. We even had gifts left for us.Service: The people are the perfect example of what customer service should be.. I wish that our folks from the States could take a class from them. Servicing you is TRULY their pleasure and it shows in everything they do. There was NEVER a thing we asked for that we did not receive and very very timely.Example: we found the bed in our room to be hard and pretty uncomfortable. When we were approached by a guest svcs rep in the lobby we shared that with her. Later that same evening, a housekeeper came to our room to add more cushion to our mattress and to give us more pillows. Is that service or what???Excursions: The only one we took was the ATV (4wheeler) and WE LOVED IT. HIGHLY recommend this. (Take some old sneakers and clothes you dont care about getting dirty) We had a chance to tour the city and the downside of that was the poverity. But it helped to put things in perspective.Beach: No words to describe - Magnificient, amazing, breath-taking.. etc etc etcPools: Bathtub water warm... heavenlyFood: Japanese, Italian and Steakhouse were awesome! And we even enjoyed the Buffet. Always found plenty to eat. The only spot that I didnt care for too much was the snack bar at the beach. But hey, it is what it is. It works when your hungry.Children: It is true that there were many little ones there. And this was a concern of mine because even though we are parents, we wanted a relaxing vacation. So this is my tip to any who are taking your children. Be mindful that this is not a daycare nor disneyland and that everybody is on vacation. Keep hold of your children and please do not allow them to cry uncontrollably in the restaurants or to run OR skate (those healy shoes with skating wheels on the bottom) all over the place it is very disturbing to others. Use the mini club - they have many activities for children.Black women: Please take plenty of hair oil... I know we dont use a lot of oil cuz it usually weighs our hair down but trust me...the sun was murder on my hair.. dried it out instantly and if you have color or highlights like i do this is not a good thing. But I enjoyed the spa and got a very nice wash and set along with a spectacular massage, manicure and pedicure:-)Tips: we didnt get sick (YEAH!!!!) But you know to stay away from the faucet water. All other water on the resort is safe to drink. Take bug spray - DEFINATELY need it. And it is true that I got more bites form inside my room than out. I think from when the rooms are cleaned the doors are left open.FABULOUS RESORT AND VACATION. Cant wait to go back!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hibiscus_dreams
<Content>Liked it, but too big!!!       Large shower  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>PortuguesTraveler
<Content>Great Time at The Dom Republic       Pool Area  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Leewardlatitude
<Content>Fabulous time       Coconut palm just north of the beach  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cruella0621
<Content>absolutely fantastic!! My husband and i just completed our 2nd visit to this resort in 2 years, excellent vacation!! We were there from May 15 to May 25, had a terrific time! The shows were 100% better than last year, the food is always great and the service is impeccable as always!! A few dollars a day and some trinkets for the maid and we had a 12 pack in our fridge every day! The weather was great and the drinks were good, tequila sunrises, titanics, and sex on the beach. Our maid did an excellent job keeping our room spotless and our fridge stocked. We plan on going back next May, can't wait, see you there!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Torontovacationer
<Content>Fantastic, Toronto, Canada My husband and I just came back from Bahia Principe. We stayed there from June, 2 to June,9. The resort was very big. They divided into 3 section. Bahia Principe Bavaro, Bahia Principe Punta Cana and Club Premier. We were on the Punta Cana side. The resort was well maintain. Our room was clean and nice. Our flight with Air Canada was good. The check -in was quick. Our tour rep, Kim was quite helpfulRestaurants: We went to the French restaurant on both sides (Bavaro and PUnta Cana) . The menu looks exactly the same. I had lobster and my husband had lamb chop. The only thing is DR lobster tasted a little bit different than our lobster but it was alright. The lamb chop was good as well. We also went to the Seafoods restaurtant. We had lobster and it was good as well. You are only allow to book 3 restaurants per stay even though there are 7 restaurants in the resortBeach: White sand and blue water, very clean, some seaweeds floating but it didn't bother us.We did the outback Safari trip. We visited a typical country side DR family. Then went to the rum shack and cigar maker. At the end, we went to Macao beach. This beach is beautiful, white sand and blue water, no seaweeds. We did boogies board there.SHOPPING: We found that the gift shop in the resort has a reasonable price. There are also about 10 vendors on the resort. With these guys, you have to bargain. The vendor told me that $145 for a Dominican Kiss statue. He ended up sold it to me for $35.At the Duty free shop in the airport: too expensive, the price is almost double the price in the resort. So if you want to buy something, just get them at the resort.The washroom at the airport was terrible, so dirty, and disgusting. I had to hold myself until we got into the airplane.Overall, I would definitely recommend this resort to any one who wants to go to the Carribean for vacation.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>princessalley
<Content>Awesome Time! - I went to the Bahia Principe the week of May26-June2. We went in a group of 43 for my friends wedding. The bride arranged the package, and I found out later that we were in the Diamond Club. - We recieved excellent service and even did our entire check-in on the bus between the airport and the hotel (room keys, bracelets - everything). As soon as we got off the bus, trams took us to our rooms, and we were at the lobby bar within 15 minutes! - Our villa had an amazing housekeeper who we made sure to tip daily, and she kept our towels and mini fridge over stocked daily. The day of the wedding - we had balloons placed all around our rooms for decoration. As well as the daily flower/towel art on our bed.- The grounds and villas are amazing. Lush trees and flowers everywhere. There was nothing lacking in our actual room either. Our bathrooms were big and spacious, large closets with plenty of hangers and there were no bugs. Also, small touches like umbrellas were a big help! We chose to not purchase the safe for $30 american...we used personal suitcase locks and had no issues whatsoever. - The food was pretty good for an all inclusive. We had French (very classy and enjoyable), Japanese (fun time, food was average) and the Steak House Grill was where the wedding reception was held (food was fantastic! steak, chicken, salad). The regular buffet was also great on most nights, and the pool side buffet was good for snacks between swims (great chicken, pizza, french fries and fruit).- Being in a large group of 43 - our group became the entertainment at the pool...we were constantly at the beach pool bar, where we had pretty good drinks, and they even tolerated our more rowdy days when we were funnelling beers on the pools edge. The disco was also pretty good for a resort, we had a great time with the bartenders there, and once they realised that we wanted more mainstream music, we had a great time.- the beach is absolutely stunning, never a need to reserve seats, and they keep it nice and clean. The water is more refreshing then the beach pool as well. - we didn't really use any activities on the resort - but our group did do an ATV adventure tour. Now our group booked through the resort for $40 each, however, I'm not 100% sure about the safety of some of these tours. when we arrived, they didn't have enough helmets so some of the guys went without. During the tour, the brides aunt and uncles ATV blew a tire and went out of control - rolling on top of them. Thankfully they had helmets and only had minor injuries, but they were quite shaken up. I would just be cautious if trying any tours off the resort - but all in all everyone had an awesome day visiting another beach and a cave to go swimming.- OVER ALL I would absolutely recommend the Bahia Principe. The staff is warm and welcoming, they tolerated and catered to our every need, the grounds were spectacular, and the food was better than expected.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kali_2222
<Content>Very nice resort....no complaints here! Just came back from Bahia on June 9th and all I can say is....this resort is huge....Do not get me wrong we (wife and 3.5yr. son) knew when we booked, but the size really surprised us. No problem thou as there are trams every 1-2 minutes.On with the review:Flight -- we flew with Sunwing and except a 1.5 hr delay, due to one of the flight attendance sickness everything was just great.Check in -- done on the bus on the way to the resort, once in about 1 hr wait for the room....no problemo....Food -- Buffet....pretty good, always something to choose...A la carte:French -- I liked it, wife and our son did not....Japanese -- very good...Italian -- very good....Grounds -- absolutely georgeous, amazing...i could go on and on....Room -- Very clean, big....hmm a room... :)Beach -- worth travelling for....no words to describe it, must be seen....Stuff -- very friendly....no English? No problemo....remember you are in Dominican....you make the effort, we did and it was very much appreciated.Overall -- Very nice resort, great holiday, only complaint.....too short....Enjoy!!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beachtripjune07
<Content>Friendly and beautiful resort My husband and I just got back from a nice week at Bahia Principe. The hotel is beautiful and very clean. Maids are great and leave fresh flowers in your room daily. The employees all work very hard and are very friendly. The beach and pools are great. I did get up at 8am to get a good palapa but there are plenty available if you are willing to sit further back on the beach. There are several huge, great pools to choose from. We would recommend:Book your restaurant reservations the day you arrive - we enjoyed the italian and the japanese - the garden grill and gourmet food was average but the service in the restaurants is wonderful. The buffet food is average compared to other all inclusive Carribean resorts. We were a bit sick of it by the middle of the week. The drinks are great. Tips get you stronger drinks.Book club golden to be close to the beach.Take plenty of cash - they do have an atm for pesos - many of the excursions are cash only - we enjoyed the sunset cruiseConfirm your transportation from the airport if you booked directly though the hotel website. I did confirm and no one picked us up. We spent $40 for a taxi. We were provided with free transportation when we departed. Most people seemed to have booked through a travel agent. Overall, great trip for the money  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shardy
<Content>Very nice hotel and beach - average food       Beach  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>NYCTravelingFoodie
<Content>Another great stay at Gran Bahia I was here last year at the end of April and had a good stay. Having just returned from my second visit, I must say it was even better. My boyfriend and I were there for five nights. The weather was perfect pretty much the entire time (although a couple of nights were a bit humid) - everyday was sunny with a nice, comfortable breeze.What was better than last year:We learned while checking in (Club Golden both times) is that if you are a return guest, they give you VIP status. This means more attentive service. They called each night to make sure everything was fine.What wasn't as good as last year:The water was still beautiful but it seemed a bit more turbulent which means less clarity near the beach due to the fine sand that gets kicked up. Also, there was some sort of algae. It didn't get in the way, only a nuisance, and the hotel cleaned the beach each night, so the buildup on the sand was minor.What was the same as last year:Good food for the money. I personally enjoy the buffet and El Charro, the Mexican restaurant. Key thing is setting your expectations for what you pay for. I'm normally a foodie and have no problem spending $150 per person on dinner. For $1290 for two people for five nights all inclusive, this is no Four Seasons. But it is excellent value for the money.Friendly service. Everyone here works so hard to keep the grounds clean and guests happy. Of course, it helps if you can speak Spanish, but as with any foreign travel, if you respect them and recognize that you are visiting their country, they will return the friendliness.Overpriced lobby shop. Pack more sunscreen than you'll ever think you'll need unless you're ready to spend $15 a bottle for a cheap brand.I'd definitely recommend staying at Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Meghan_7
<Content>Beautiful, very clean, lovely beach, huge resort The resort was absolutely beautiful and amazingly kept and clean. The rooms were huge and clean with great views from the balconies. The beach was absolutely stunning and the pools were awesome. The food was also great, every night at dinner there was a new theme. All in all we had an absolutely awesome time, I don't think I have anything bad to say about the place, except maybe the fact that most of the hotel staff did not speak any english, but there are always ways around that. I would recommend the Bahia to anyone looking to have a great and relaxing vacation!!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>giababy
<Content>If you are going with your baby read this So after much homework and reading all of your reviews we choose to stay at the Bahia Principe. Did we love it? no not really, but it also wasn't all that bad either. Check in was great! we were diamond so we did not have to wait at the front desk to check in which was a bonus. We travelled with our 14 month old daughter and requested a crib. I e-mailed the resort 3 weeks before our holiday to put in my request and the best they did was a pack n play. This is a 5* resort,so that was annoying. After 3 days and about 10 different people we finally got a crib!!!! The rooms are nice, the property is gorgeous without a doubt. The food, well for a 5* again sorry but you can do better than that. I have stayed at 4* hotels that offered a better variety. If you are staying for a week then you'll be fine anything more thenthat....good luck to you. My daughter did not eat anything. She did not like the food whatsoever. I would strongly advise bringing enough food for at least1 meal a day if travelling with a baby. Most of the staff are really friendly and great, others are not. Somehit on me right in front of my husband which was just crazy. We ate at the japanese resaurant which was great. Cafe de Paris, also great and the mexican which was our favorite. The restaurants are actually good, it is the buffet that is just okay. I have travelled the world so my expectations were high, I wouldnever suggest that this is not a great place to go to it just isn't a 5* hotel. Because we travelled with a baby we did not get a chance to see the shows. Make sure you re-apply your sunscreen often especially for your children, and bring bug spray. Have fun!!!!! oh and the drink are ONLY good at the lobby bar. Cheers  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	5	3	5	

<Author>sunshineNewYork
<Content>Wonderful, No Complaints My husband and I stayed at the Gran Bahia Punta Cana - Golden Club May 10 thru 15. i feel bad this is so old however, i feel after everyone's input that i used i owe a review and better late than never.after reading, we upgraded to the golden club b/c of everyone saying the size, noise and our purpose (to lay at the beach all day - no pool) so we wanted to be close to the beach. we were in villa 4 room4112; upon entering slight (and i am a smell person) damp smell but nothing that lingered once we opened the sliding - i took a candle toburn - having experience with caribbean smelling damp rooms this was by far no problem. we were very close to the beach none of the roomsreally have an ocean view here ours could be considered one thru the trees you could really see it and that would be the best any of them have - that is one of their downfalls although not in the room much to see the ocean out the sliding door is always nice.reception was nice, cold towel and then taken to golden reservation highly air conditioned- they never gave us our t-shirts we got when we left but nothing to write home about everyone does where theirs though. ROOMS - very clean, one day i came upon the workers changing our curtains....i found this interesting and reassuring. towel oragami upon entering and some fresh flowers a day or two later. we paid for the safe b/c of the reviews and its a nice safety net why ruin a vacation by asking for trouble. we don't bring a lot of valuables but to keep some cash, passports it was worth it.BEACH - having been to this beach (but other hotel) we are always pleased with its beauty - been many places and DR is one of our favorite. we walked for miles every dayFOOD - Like everyone said we stuck to the one's always mentioned - japanese, italian, and french. japanese by far the best tried the fried ice cream b/c of review very interesting but i asked for 2 desserts in case and they complied. french was so so had heard portions small - just not too impressive but not anything bad not filling; italian was good had the eggplant not like america but it was really very good. we've stayed at quite a few all inclusives andthis food for ala carte was very good - have had much worse its nice to progress to better :) buffet was your typical desserts good - beento where they all taste the same but these are distinctive. breakfastwas closer at the seafood restaurant as i read and close to our room,same food, less people glad i read that tipHUTS on the beach - we are beach/sun people. if you want a hut so you can people watch and be close to the beach and not all shade there are a few select ones we went out early 6:30 for our favorite and we really on stored our belongings under it and left it there forthe walk.i don't drink anymore but my husband saw some russian guys getting straight vodka - as with any good drinker if you want to get your buzz on - there is a way :)gym is small and WAY at end of resort; hand weights, 2 benches if you really need work out you can - we relied on walkingpedicure is not worth it they don't even have the proper chair - anyway, overall we can't complain we go to get a tan, sit on the beach, relax, and our room didn't smell, food was good, beach we knew would be wonderful so what can i say for next year we may go smaller checked out other's huts and beaches on our walks but i will certainly read reviews as they helped us so muchdidn't do any of the entertainment; sun all day and dinner around 7:30 was enough for us;any questions, please ask  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	3	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>Joadster
<Content>Best family vacation ever We stayed at the Bahia from May 10-17th. We have also stayed at the Bahia in Riviera Maya. By far this was better. We booked through Apple Vacations. Not one problem going or coming home. We flew USA3000. Great flight. It was my husband and I, our 2 sons and their wives. What a blast. We made so many happy memories. The resort was beautiful and everyone was so friendly. The beach was the best. Beautiful sand, plenty of chairs, always activities going on and great people watching. We all found food we liked. Japanese restaurant was the best for us. The pools were great as well, all having swim up bars. The drinks were good. We liked dirty monkees, pina colada's, and miami vice's. Everyone talks about how big the resort is, but the trams are always on time, and we never waited to go anywhere. My best time was when we all got together at night at the lobby bar (best drinks at the resort). We laughed about what all went on during the day. Great times. We hired a professional photographer to take our family picture. What a great experience. He spent an hour with us one evening and took 118 photos. Needless to say we got great pictures. We all would highly recommend this resort. A vacation is what you make of it, and we made this one the best ever.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CaribbeanTime
<Content>Awesome Resort My husband  I were there the entire last week of May, 2007. I visited tripadvisor every week to read the reviews and decided to write one once we had returned as I found them very helpful. Here is info I think you will find very helpful. Service: Suburb! We found the entire staff will bend over backwards to insure you are completely satisfied with everything concerning your visit. I must say --- a big smile goes along way. They love to see people with a smile and people who appear to be happy and want to keep you that way. They will make you aware they do see it and they do appreciate it. We arrived at the hotel at 4pm and waited in the lounge about 20 minutes to be taken to our room. This was expected based on prior reviews. Our room in villa 10 was excellent. Villa 10 is near the beach which is where we spent most of our time. Everything was just has it should be. The room was extremly clean and it had everything it should have and everything worked perfect. Yes we paid for a safe key and used it. I always take way more than is needed on every vacation. For example I had four pieces of luggage and one was 27 pounds over the limit. The only thing I kept in the safe was money, jewelry, airplane tickets and passports. I always unpack all my luggage and nothing was ever stollen. Resort gounds: Supurb! Yes it is extremly large. We walked on both sides of the resort and there were still many areas we never covered. There is not a dead leave or branch anywhere and no trash to be seen anywhere. You will not find any hotel that is more clean than this one. This includes the lobby area, all restuarant areas, beach, and rooms. You name it, it is spot free. Food: People - You need to remember this is a foreign country. Take preventative measures... Take Immodium AD and Pepto Bismal with you and take it before you get sick... Be sure to make your reservations for restaurants the same day you get there and also be sure to look at the time and dates as our reservations were made for 7pm and 8pm the same night at two different restaurants. I think this was my fault as I changed restaurants and dates and times over and over and over again. Later that same night I noticed it but elected to not go and change it. We ate all of our meals but one at the buffets and were satisfied. Some of the food at the buffets are not hot but luke warm but this may have been because of the time we ate which was between 1pm and 3pm. It tastes good and didn't make us ill. Our reservations were at the steak house. It was delicious and I could have eaten there every night if permitted. Illness: Neither of us got ill. However, we did take Immodium AD the first day we got there and pepto bismal tablets every morning and evening as a preventative. This is something I suggest as a good idea as this is a foreign country and illness is always a possibility. I like to prevent anything from occuring if possible. Sun Screen: Extremly imprtant. My husband and I both had tans when we got there. My husband has indian blood and tans extremly easy and we both got burns. I read up on sun screen and which ones where the best products and purchased those and also made sure they were SPF 50 waterproof. We put this sun screen on every two hours without fail and still got a burn. Keep in mind you are closer to the equator and to the sun. Shopping: Be ready to bargain to get a fair price. While trying to walk past this booth I told this guy NO 3 times while holding up my hand shaking my head no and he still managed to drag me over to his booth. He wanted to sell me some jewelry. After looking at several necklaces I found one that I really did love. It was a 21 necklace which yes was beautiful. It had stones from from the clasp in the back all the way down to large one in the center for $175 US dollars and I told him I don't have that kind of money. After going back and forth about the value and this country is the only country that has this stone he asked how much do you have. After already buying everything I went there to purchase I only had $27 dollars on me. When I told him this he said no he couldn't sell for that amount and I said ok, good bye began to leave. He asked if I had a credit card and I said NO. He then said wait, let me ask the owner and the owner looked displeased but agreed to sell it for $27. If you tell them that is all you have and proceed to leave, they will come down to what you want. Who knows, maybe I could have even got it for less. But when I walked away with this travertine necklace for only $27 I felt like I got a very good deal. Transportation to and from the Airport: I didn't purchase ground transportation as part of my travel package. When we arrived at the airport you are suppose to meet with the person located behind booth representing the travel agency you booked through. Well there was no one behind that booth. After waiting for several minutes someone spoke up and asked if they could help. I told them what travel agency I booked through and I need a ride to the hotel. They looked at my paperwork and said you didn't purchase transportation with your package. You will need to take a taxi. They yelled at this guy and said he can take you in a taxi. I asked how much and they said $75 us dollars. I said NO. I will find someone cheaper. I then walked outside and spoke to a man who yelled another taxi driver and again I asked how much he said $35 I said $30 + tip and he agreed. When it came time to leave the hotel I was affriad of what it might cost me then and what steps I might have to take to get it down to a reasonable price but the hotel got a taxi driver for me for $35. I was later told you can get round trip transfer to and from hotel - airport with your package for a total cost of $25. If this is correct - buy it with your travel package. We went on the snorkel tour through Scuba Caribe which sits on the beach between hotels. Oh the fish are beautiful as always. The reef we visted is not like the great barrier but it wasn't expected to be. Tthe reef has no color at all. But the fish were beautiful and in abundance. The boat guide gave us bread to feed the fish and allowed everyone to stay in the water as long as they wanted which was near an hour. After this he took us to an extremly large shark pin and asked if anyone would like to see the sharks. If yes, we were limited to 5 minutes max in the water. I knew this wasn't part of our package but I couldn't hardly wait knowing I may never get this chance again. So I suited up and jumped in. After swimming the entire length of the pin with someother guy, niether of us saw a shark. As we went around the corner we both saw a hole caused by force of something in the pen prodruding outward large enough for either of us to swim through, we both went to the surface and looked at each other with eyes wide and began swimming quickly back to the area of the boat. As we bagain to approach the boat it moved over to the other side of the pen which then caused the sharks in the pen to move and come to the side where we could see them. One was very large, over 8 ft and the others 6ft and smaller. Our five minutes was actually more like 15 or 20. After seeing the sharks we got back on the boat. He then took us where the dolphins were. All of this was done at no additional cost and was not part of the package. I don't know why he chose to do it but it was very much appreciated and enjoyed. Weather: Beautiful and HOT... THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT I WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO. There were no storms that blew in. I asked about storms and was told if they do they generally don't last longer than 30 minutes. Talked to several people there that were injured at the resort. One was from not putting down a towel and getting out of the shower / tub stepping on to a slick floor resulting in a broken leg, ankle and several toes. Another is someone running on a sidewalk that was wet from the sprinkler system. The sprinkler system runs several times a day and yes the walk ways do get wet.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>labwest07
<Content>Best Resort Yet       Parasailing  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>kim088
<Content>Amazing resort! Beautiful...       Beach bar  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Petro111
<Content>Would Return Again Hotel exceeded our expectations. Staff was extremely friendly, rooms and property were very clean, common areas (lobby, pools) were attractive, and food was great. Would go there again.10 Tips1. Know a few phases in Spanish - few staffers speak English.2. Use the map of the property provided at check-in - property is bigand meanders.3. Bring LOTS of single  five dollar bills - for tipping.4. Try the cappuccino in the lobby and the ice cream at the buffet (our favorite was the coconut) - they are delicious! 5. It's a 2 1/2 to 3 hour ride from Santo Domingo airport - try to fly into Punta Cana if possible.6. Didn't seem like the Diamond or Golden club was worth it - maybe they would be at high season.7. The buffet was as good or even better than the a la carte restaurants - although we did get a little tired of the buffet style means.8. Blow up floats were okay in the pools and many seemed to enjoy sunbathing on them. 9. The mini-frigs' in the hotel room are stocked with a variety of drinks for free every day. If you ask the maid, she will provide you with your choice of beverages (versus the variety). We asked for onlywater and diet Pepsi and it was no problem.10. Don't drink the water from the tap - that includes rinsing your toothbrush with the bottled water. Enjoy - we loved it - and enjoy the diversity of the guests, we estimated about 1/3 Canada/USA, 1/3 South American, and 1/3 Europeans.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>newbrunswicktraveler
<Content>amazing place       THIS IS THE GREETING AND DEPARTING SHOW  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>montreal_traveller34
<Content>Beautiful Resort - Loved It! Just returned yesterday (June 3rd). There were 11 people travelling (ages ranging from 3 years old to 56 years). We had a great time.The resort is very well maintained. You will always see someone cutting grass, trimming trees, power washing the sidewalks, etc.Our maid was excellent - if we needed something, we just asked and we had right away. Our rooms were cleaned every day around 10:00 am, clean sheets every day, towels, stocked mini-bar (tons of water, Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, 7up, Orange pop, beer), coffee, etc. We needed extra towels the first day and they sent us about 20 towels. The one thing that they do forget is face cloths but just ask, they do have. Our floor lamp was broken and the plug cover was coming out of the wall, the maids' supervisor saw this and had maintenance come right away (within 10 minutes) to fix because she said it was dangerous for the little one.We had no bugs in the rooms and no one in our travelling party got any type of bug bites at all.Food was very good - tons of selection at the buffets, same with the snack bars. We did the Gourmet a la carte (not the best, slow service and not very much food), the Seafood (way too much food as the starters are a buffet style and then you get your main course afterwards) and the Japanese (food was really good, tons of it and it is really different to have the chef cook right in front of you). There is a snack bar in the Pueblo Principe that is open from 10:00 pm to 7:00 am - they offer hamburgers, cheeseburgers, chicken burgers, tuna, chicken, ham and cheese sandwiches and nachos and cheese - not bad, especially if you want food late at night).Evening entertainment in the Theatre is more geared towards the kids which is fine (Lion King, Circus, etc). The entertainment in the Pueblo Principe wasn't all that great. Didn't go in the casino but went a couple of times to the Disco - wasn't bad - we made our own fun anyways so we didn't care. Evening drinks are best at the Lobby Bar - great service!Beach is fantastic - very clean, warm water, tons of chairs (never had to get up early to get chairs and we had 11 people). The main Beach Pool is a little too warm but clean and there are activities going on there during the day. Size of the resort is not as bad as people say. The trams run every 2 - 3 minutes (at least 3 running at the same time) but you can walk from the beach to the main lobby in about 10 minutes anyways. Very easy to find your way around just read the information that you are given and the large book in your room and you'll be fine.All in all - this was a fantastic resort and we can not wait to return at Christmas time.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>NewEnlander-30s
<Content>Beach Paradise with Plenty of Activity We stayed here from May 26, 2007 - June 2, 2007 and loved it. Where to begin... Upon ARRIVAL from the airport, the grounds are beautiful. They are extremely well manicured and make a great first impression as you travel from the main road to the lobby area. The check in process was very easy and took about 5 minutes. There was no line, and the agent spoke english well enough to convey all the necessary information. The resort is very large, so they shuttle you to where you will be staying. We were taken immediately to our room.The ROOM was clean, and everything was in great shape. The bathroom is all marble (or local equivalent) and was decorated with flowers daily. Satellite TV makes you feel at home with both English and Spanish programming.There are 5 POOLS on this resort (one is limited to those who pay extra for gold club privileges) The main pools (next to the beach) was not too crowded and we had no trouble finding chairs. There was music playing much of the time, and various activities throughout the day. They also had exotic animals to take photos with (a monkey, an iguana, parrots). The staff working the swim up bar are very friendly and lively.The BEACH is beautiful. The sand is soft and clean, and the water is gorgeous and the temperature was perfect. Again a lot of activities with the staff keep it fun. There was music playing throughout the day, something that none of the other 4 adjoining resorts we walked to had. There is such an expanse of beach at this resort, that it was also easy to find a private place away from the music, staff, and other guests.The FOOD was good. There was enough variety that you are almost assured to find something you like. The snack bars on the beach have a consistent menu daily. Although it isn't as good as you may find at home, we certainly didn't go hungry. My wife, a vegetarian, found it harder to enjoy the meals, but had plenty of selection to choose from (she's just picky). We were initially concerned about the enormous SIZE of the resort, but this was not an issue at all. We stayed 4 buildings off of the beach, which ended up to be a 4 minute walk. Trolleys continuously cycle through the center of the grounds. We never waited more than 5 minutes for one to pick us up. Once on the trolley it was about a 5 minute ride from end to end (if you need to travel that far)Some CONCERNS... Meal times are a little different than we are used to. Lunch is served at the main buffet from 1:00 - 3:30 and Dinner is served here from 7:00 - 10:30. The A la carte restaurants can be reserved as early as 6:30 and the snack bar is open from 10:00 AM - 6:00 PM to help with this awkwardness though. The evening entertainment consists of 2 shows. The first starts at 9:45 and the second at 11:30. We found that this was too late for us after a day of rum and sun. The last concern we had was the language barrier. After we got there, we found that this was not a problem. Most employees speak enough English to understand what you want, and if they don't just find another employee. Others are fluent in English, and all are very anxious to accommodate you. Wear pleny of sunblock, the sun is very strong! Bugs weren't bad at all, we didn't need any repellant.LASTLY, our vacation representative at the resort alerted us to some safety issues with some of the tour operators on the island. There is no regulation / safety inspection of equipment. We were told after expressing interest in scuba diving that they had an accident with 2 guests and a dive master the previous month and that we should not dive. We were also discouraged from participating in the glider / boat tour down the coast. TALK TO THE RESORT STAFF ABOUT SAFE EXCURSIONS!We loved it here and would definitely return.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NBpartygirls2
<Content>Another wonderful stay! We stayed at the GBP April 14-21st and had a fantastic time! We were 4 ladies on a girl trip celebrating a few birthdays! For 2 of us it was our 2nd time back and the other 2 it was their first time! We got upgraded to Club Diamond and we had balloons, free champagne, free bottle of rum, hat  t-shirts  a fruit tray upon arrival! A total surprise  truly wowed us. We had asked for the 2nd floor and our rooms to be connecting and we got just that. We were in Villa 14 and it was a great location for us- near the pools and mid way through the resort. Never had a problem walking, and when we wanted we hoped on a trolley, they came every couple of minutes.The grounds were immaculate and clean, the staff again truly amazing and friendly, beach clean and beautiful! If you get up early enough there are some amazing sunrises. Pools clean and busy, food  alcohol were great. We only had one bad experience and that was the beach BBQ-the food was cold, left and went to buffet. They never even questioned any of us of why we hadn't eaten much of of our plates.Definitely recommend getting a safe to keep valuables in and bring your Bubba Kegs and this time we brought air mattress and had a blast with them in the ocean  pools. We went to the Mangu twice and had a great time, and did the Kontiki Party boat and had a blast there as well!Would go back in a heartbeat, wishing I was still there.........miss my Dominican friends......  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Canadian20something
<Content>Best resort I've ever stayed at! My boyfriend and I are in our mid-twenties and found this resort to have every component for a great vacation. WHERE -We stayed in the Premier section (couples only) and found it incredible! This section has its own pool, restaurant, bars, Internet, etc. We were always able to find a chair by the pool, not too busy and not too quiet. A good mix of families, couples, young and old(er). We ventured to the other pools at the resort and found it a little too crowded.FOOD- The food was fantastic, better than I ever imagined. Try the a la carte restaurants. Japanese and Italian were our favorite, they make the food there as authentic as possible.STAFF- Super nice people, would do anything to make our stay comfortable. Always ready with a smile and 'the usual'!ENTERTAINMENT- Night life started in the main square around 10 and ended shortly after 12 or 1 (depending on which night). After that, the nightclub was the hot spot. The casino was our place of choice.RESORT- Very well kept. Always looked its best! The only not so great thing was its size: a little too big. We were just starting to find things the day before we left. But I'd rather too big with too many options, than not enough. Another reason I'd love to go back! Although it was large, they had very frequent transportation throughout the resort. Never waited more than two minutes.I would recommend this resort to anyone! I've traveled to many islands of the Caribbean and never had an experience like this. I'm picky about food and cleanliness and I was very impressed!  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SarahSeaside
<Content>Little Disappointed I have been to Cancun, Riviera Maya, Cozumel, Bahamas, Grand Cayman, Puerto Vallarta, Hawaii, Key West and Miami. I have stayed at Sandals, Palace Resorts, RIU resorts, Westin, and other 4 or more star resorts. This is NOT a 4 star resort, 3 at best.Upon checking in we waited in line for over 30 mins. When we finally got to check in, the guy at the desk barely spoke English and was actually rude. We made sure to upgrade to the Golden Club and were under the impression that MOST of the rooms in the Golden Club had at least a partial ocean view. We were in a building pretty close to the beach but had a view of another building, as most of the buildings in this resort do. There are only a few rooms that have even a partial ocean view. As they carted us and our luggage across the massive resort I realized I had completely underestimated the size of it. I knew it was big, but it is uncomfortably big. I like to walk places but this was too much and it just was a real hassle. We were 10 minutes late to our dinner reservation one night because a tram never came by and we finally had to start the trek to the front of the resort. Sometimes the trams come, sometimes they don鈥檛.The rude guy who checked us in said the safe was $5 a day, and we said OK meaning yes we need a safe. Well after we get to the room the safe didn鈥檛 work. Turns out he didn鈥檛 add the safe to the room key and we had to make the incredible trek to the front again. This actually took an hour to get to the front, wait in line and get back to the room. So now we are in our room and one lamp doesn鈥檛 work but even worse the TV remote did not work. We tried changing the batteries but it was broken. So we called the front desk...again...and again. Well 2 DAYS later we finally got a new remote after complaining at the front desk. The remote is not that big of a deal I know, but this is to show the kind of service you will get from the front desk and management. Then the electricity started going out again...and again...and again. It went out about 20 times over the course of our stay, usually at night, so it would mess up the alarm clock if we needed to wake up in the morning. The beds are ok but the pillow are 2 inches thick. The room is dark and doesn鈥檛 feel luxurious. The bathroom is kind of nice with marble but the shower is open and water gets everywhere. So then we venture out to the beach where your eyes will sting, not from the salt water but the blinding view of thongs on people who definitely should NOT be wearing them everywhere, and topless women. You need to watch wear you walk on the beach because there is trash, cigg butts, etc. The worst part of the whole beach experience is THERE IS NO SUNSET on this part of the beach. It is normally my favorite part of going to the beach watching the sun set but the sun sets on the other end of the island. The water and sand look beautiful though.The pools are fine and warm but can get a little crowded, nothing special, no waterfalls, etc. They have aerobics and other activities like bingo now and then. Make sure you wear bug repellant wherever you go! I wore it and I still currently have 12 mosquito bites! The pool bar is always hopping with people from Canada, Europe and South America, we only met 2 people from America on the whole trip. The drinks are the lowest quality liquor but we found I drink we liked called Amarita (something like that).The food is horrible and I couldn鈥檛 even eat it at the buffet and snack bars. We ate at the Japanese and Gourmet restaurants and those were pretty good though. Make sure to book as soon as you get there because it was hard for us to even get a decent time until the last 2 nights. The shows were cute at the theater but nothing special. The casino is a little room where I didn鈥檛 see anyone winning. The disco only played Spanish music and after a while we couldn鈥檛 take it anymore. The Karaoke was one of the most fun things, but its only open for a few hours, 9-12 I think, not sure. The shops in the Pueblo will try to sell you 2 tiny silver earrings for $155 US!! We ended up getting them for $25. The last day we booked a horseback riding trip to H3 Ranch through the tour desk at the resort. They said the bus would pick us up at 4pm and we would get back to the hotel at 6:30pm 7pm latest. We had an 8pm dinner reservation, so we thought it would work. Well the bus picked us up at 4:40pm and didn鈥檛 get us back until 8pm. We had to get ready fast and we just went to dinner late. Everyone is on 鈥淒ominican Time鈥?which means if they say 15 minutes, it means 40. Horseback riding was one of the best parts of the trip once we got there, it was beautiful. The horses were wonderful and Macao Beach where we rode was breathtaking. It also gave us a glimpse into the Dominican country. Leaving the hotel the bell boy did not get to our room for 45 minutes and he said it would take 10, so make sure to give your self extra Dominican Time. Overall it was a little bit disappointing trip. The service of the waiters/bartenders was good (probably because of tips) but the Front Desk and management needs a lot of work. Plus the quality of the hotel is NOT luxury, it is mid-range, like a 3 star resort. We walked down the beach to Majestic Colonial (next door) and it seemed much better. I would go there instead if you are going to Punta Cana.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	1	2	3	

<Author>ssingh12
<Content>Perfect for Couples.Wedding..Caution w.Food/Water Well we just got back from a beautiful amazing week @Grand Bavaro Principe. Here it is in a nutshell since I now have 200 emails waiting for me at work! ;Beach- Crystal clear turquois waters, white sugar sand. Chairs were plentiful. Handful of topless women (not offensive though).lots of activities available, but many of them are not inclusive. went scuba/snorkleing for $65. you can bargain but they dont go down too much. worth it though. we spent a lot of time at the beach after dinner as well. water was cooler at night but laying on a long chair under the stars with no sounds other than waves crashing was priceless! Grounds- Immaculate. first thing in the morning until last thing in the evening, you will always see the workers painting or cleaning or gardening, the maintenance is kept to a T. Ive read many reviews talking about how large the resort is--which is true, however the little trams running until 3am make getting anywhere on the resort less than a 3 minute ride away. We had a very large group as well and always managed to find eachother w.out a problem. People- it's been a slap in the face coming back to the states and remembering how people normally act. everyone who works at this resort smiles and says ola like you're their best friend. You feel like they truly are family. I became friends with a few people who worked there and when i left i was actually sad to say goodbye! friendliness and warmth like you have never expeirenced before. Most of the guests at the hotel are either Southamerican or European. While spanish will certainly help you a ton, you should be able to get by just fine w.the english tongue.Food- Highly reccomend booking at the restaurants since i only got to eat at one (Le Gourmet). the buffet hours are super convenient and its easier than going to the restarants. but the food is simply better at the restaurants. buffets were good too w.a huge selection, but dont expect american tasting food even if its an american entree being served. i enjoyed it but some of my party found the food just okay and sometimes even bad! My only CAUTION is that, be it from water or food, many of our group returned home with stomach illnesses (diareah and vomiting). the food is the only thing we can link it to, though not everyone who ate it got sick. just be sure to be cautious. i brushed my teeth w.the sink water while a lot of ppl used bottle. bottle is probably your best bet just in case. i had my boyfriend and cousin both wind up in the ER w.IV's so be careful!!Drinks- sort of on the weak side. When you order all the fun and fruity ones,i reccomend ordering a separate shot of rum on the side and adding it to your drink. they will gladly give it to you.Activities- Since its an all inclusive resort, everything is done on grounds. to get a little adventure in your trip i HIGHLY reccomend booking something off-grounds activities like the safari we took that brought us doonbuggy riding, cave swimming, and horseback riding. that was probably the best part of the entire trip. a bus picked us up and took us through the rural villages of the DR where you really get to see the real deal and we got to do so many fun adventures that really get you dirty! it was probably the most memorable part of it all.Oh, and Don;t forget to hit up the nightclub Congas. we had fun dancing to both latin and american dance music until 2am!Shows- average. but more just a place to sit down and relax and have drinks while performances are going on in the background. Casino is very small also, but has blackjack, roulet slots.Overall--excellent vacation from start to finish. Traveled w.my parents who said that Apple was terrible and made getting home a nightmare..others who met us down there had no problems so who knows. Only negatives were the post-trip travelers sickness and things didnt always start on time (my sister was married there w.the judge an hour late leaving us all in 100 degree temps outside waiting!)Another Caution--two members of our party had their cell phones stolen out of their room so GET THE SAFETY DEPOSIT BOX!!!! It is offered byt i believe you need to pay a small fee for it. totally worth it. just becareful too because there were a couple times when i had to get back into my room and left my key at the pool and the maids let me in w.out a question. showed how easy it was for anyone to get in your room!And carry cash w.you for tips-Not PESOS,. they will exchange it for you and give you pesos as well. the on site ATM's give out pesos too, but i found iti a lot easier to keep track of cash using american dollars if you are use to them. they take them just as well as pesos.Enjoy!!!  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BarbieDorothy
<Content>Beautiful Resort and wonderful relaxing vacation This resort was absolutely beautiful. By far the cleanest and prettiest resort we have ever been to. We have been to Cancun, Playa Del Carmen, Cozumel, Jamacia, Puerto Valarta and others. Food was pretty good and plentiful. Does not compare to the food at the Riu Playacar. That was the best food ever at a resort in another country. The Gran Bahia staff was soooo friendly and helpful. The nightly entertainment was somewhat lame...but we were always so worn out from the days at the beach and pool drinking wonderful concoctions. Disco was fun, but did not open til midnight. Only made it that late one night. Karoke bar was also fun. Most relaxing vacation ever!All in all, I would give this place a five star rating, especially loved the convenient shuttle service which took you all over the resort whenever you needed it. Did not even seem like a super huge resort.I would recommend this resort to couples or large groups as ours was. We had 16 people in our group of friends and family.I would also recommend only 5 or 6 nights unless you plan on doing a lot of off resort tours. We went for 7 nights and only did one off site tour, so I would have been just as happy with only 5 nights. Contact me with any questions, I would be happy to talk to you about our experiences.Barbie  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SJFCalgary
<Content>Great hotel - but very big! We went with two other couples ( each couple has one child - ages 2yr, 5yr and 6 months) - 6 adults total. The resort is great for all types (couples and families) as it's so big that everyone can do their own thing. If you've got children the kids club is wonderful and the staff that run it are great. They also have an evening show/activity just for children.We'd recommend booking your specialty restaurants when you get there - they were quite good (BBQ, French and Mexican were the best). There are a number of pools and the beach is huge. The one downfall is how early you have to get up to book your chairs...ridiculous really - but if you want to get chairs by the pool it is a must. When we were there the deadline time was around 6:30 am. The beach was a little later.Be warned - the resort is HUGE! One employee told us that there were 3500 people there at that time. Many different buildings. However the shuttle gets you around - or you can get some exercise and just walk.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daxoz
<Content>What an AMAZING resort! My Husband and I just returned from Bahia Principe after spending 1 week from May 19th-May 26th.To sum up, the holiday from beginning to end was perfect. The resort is a tropical paradise. These are the best points:-well maintained grounds-amazing, friendly, helpful staff (our maid was incredible)-Perfect manicured beach-An abundance of chairs in the shade at the pools and beach (Could still get a chair at 9:30-10ish)-Food was very good and very vegetarian accomodating. We were only able to eat at one of the a la cart's( The Italian) because the other ones did not have a non-vege option. But the buffet was delicious and diverse enough to keep our palettes satisfied!-We were not able to upgrade (we arrived at 8:30pm) and they said that all the upgrade rooms were booked, but in my opinion the regular booking suffised. I didn't feel that I was treated any differently or missed out on anything.They rate this resort as a 5 star, and it truly is. We have been to Sandals Jamaica, Cuba and Cancun and this is by far the best we have visited.Anyone visiting this hotel is sure to have an amazing time, we are going back with friends in October!Enjoy your trip and have a Banana Mama for me!  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>allabouttheholidays
<Content>wayyyyy to big for me Our visit was in May. We returned from a one week holiday on May 20/07. The reason for the trip was my niece's wedding. We had hesitated booking for a long time. Due to the malaria information, flight inconveniences etc. My family and I have traveled to Mexico all inclusive resorts extensively. (Probably 20 X's in the last 8 years.) We love the amenities these resorts offer. We were hesitant to travel to the Dominican. The price was high, and other problems that I mentioned.But I really didn't want to miss my niece's wedding so we booked.The flights offered were all horrible. With an 8 hour lay over in either Toronto or Montreal. We traveled for 2 days to get there, and2 days to get home. Terrible. (have been spoiled by all the direct flights to Mexico).There was NO direct flights. Upon arriving, the resort is beautiful. It is what I would expect from a 5 star resort. However, the resort falls short in many areas. The rooms are missing the small touches. Robes, slippers. The mini bar was only restocked every other day,if you wanted more, you paid for it.All 5 star resorts I have stayed at have had 24 hour room service. Not here. The staff were not as friendly as Mexico. The food was onlyaverage, nothing special. Could not have stayed for 2 weeks. The BIGGEST drawback for this resort.. the size. It was wayyyy to big forme. If you happened to be down at the beach, and wanted somethingfrom your room, it was so far to go. I did not like the mini tram/buses that took you everywhere blowing their diesel fumes. Could not see the ocean from any room. I love ocean front rooms! Some good things though. I was worried about mosquitoes. Only had about 12 bites. Most from one night. So not too bad. The resort was clean. And I wouldn't have missed my niece's wedding for anything. There were 43 of us there. And we were all having similar thoughts on the resort.We had a nice time, have had better elsewhere. We would definitely NOT go back, but glad we have been. Don't like the malaria pills.(still taking them) Mexico here we come!!  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	5	3	1	

<Author>Montrealer04
<Content>Loved this Resort       Pool  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>christine2636
<Content>Fantastic vacation despite a few problems       show  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>beanSyracuse
<Content>Awesome Place This place is the best! We would go back in a heartbeat. The grounds are pristine, the beach is immaculate, and the staff is very friendly. If you are going with a group of people this is the place to stay. The lobby is beautiful and huge. Its a great meeting place for you to meet the rest of your party. There are planty of seats, couches, and chairs to be comfortable and private. If I had to say anything bad, I would say the food isn't the best. BUT, I am from USA, and you have to remember you are in their country and the culture is different, so of course so is the food. The fresh fruit was amazing. One thing I will also say is that the resort is huge, but very easy to get around. There is a trolly service that runs non-stop every day from the lobby to the beach with several stops in between. You never have to wait for it for more than 2 minutes and it is awesome. We are already starting to plan a trip back next year, and will definately stay at Gran Bahia Principe.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Danielap
<Content>Wonderfull time, Ceu Capucho, Portugal       my husband so strong!!!  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Laura73Toronto
<Content>We are still in awe..... We spent a week (May 19th-26th) at the Gran Bahia Principe......we just loved it!! We have travelled to Jamaica, Cancun, Mayan Riviera, Puerto Plata and nothing top's this hotel or location. By far our best trip ever!! We booked the golden with extra's of signing in on the bus so, once we arrived to the hotel we were free to explore., beach towel's delievered in our room and fifteen min. of internet per day.The restaurant's were absolutly fabulous!! Lot's of great choices. We ate at the Italian, mexican, Grill and the gourmet restaurant's. The ambience was very romantic, excellent service and lot's of choices on the menu.We are still in aaww....with the beach. We have been to Riu resort's and we have alway's raved them. Since experiencing the Gran Bahia Principe we will defenitly be returning. The ground's were immaculate. We had such a great time that we our next vacation may just be the same resort in P. C.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sunluver17
<Content>Awesome Vacation From Start To Finish !! I travelled to this resort for the second time with 2 of my friends for a week from May 11 - 18, 2007. All I can say is that this is without a doubt the best treatment we have received from any resort that we have travelled to. We e-mailed the resort before we left to let them know that 2 of us were going to be celebrating birthdays while we were there and that this was our second trip to this resort. We had originally book Golden Club and when we received our package on the bus were pleasantly surprised to find out that we had been upgraded to Diamond Club and had been assigned a room in Building 1. Our room was decorated with all kinds of towel art, champagne on ice, a bottle of rum, shirts  hats for all 3 of us, and 4 ala carte reservations already made for us. What a way to start our vacation !! The weather was perfect, sunny  hot each and every day. We spent the first two days by the pool, but decided to move to the beach where there was a much better breeze and the ocean more refreshing. The buffet had so much to chose from and the food quality was above average. We enjoyed all the ala carte restaurants with the Gourmet being our favorite. The lobby bar makes the best drinks by far !! The entertainment was good but watch out for the mosquitos at the theatre !! The disco was also alot of fun. I would highly recommend this resort for families, couples, singles and just about everyone. The resort itself is large, but still personal at the same time. We met all kinds of people and truly enjoyed our week stay at Bahia Principe Punta Cana. We are already planning our return visit for next year.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trsigley
<Content>Bahia Principe Punta Cana, May 17th-25th       Waves  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Willow123
<Content>Amazing Hotel,Staff,partying at its finest!!       Main pool bar by beach  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TexasRox
<Content>Unforgettable!       Clear water for snorkeling!  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CASTEVENSUS
<Content>Wow, what a resort, and the beach is second to none.... My wife and I honeymooned at the Bahia Punta Cana Golden Club May 13 to May 20th. First off the airport is the coolest you will ever find, thatched roof, open air, walk out of the plane on the tarmac (very hot). Booked through Apple vacations in St louis MO. Flight was only 5 hours after we left our wedding 6 a.m., yes we were zombies, but very worth it once we arrived. The airport is a breeze, literally from plane to apple bus, on our way in probably about 20 minutes. As soon as you enter the airport you will take your picture with two Domincan ladies dressed up real fancy, you will be able to purchase the 8 US dollars upon departure of the country, by the Gate 4. 10 US for immigration card, and thats it grab the bags and look for you travel company, be warned the bag boys are very aggressive just ignore them. You will drive through extreme poverty on the way about 40 mintues from airport, im talking people washing clothes in buckets, little children walking the streets, its really sad. The drivers now very little english but no problem. You will think there is no way the resort I saw on the internet could be around here, but one small right turn and it is paradise, there is actually 4 hotels in one with Bahia, the resort is HUGE, not so much wide as long, but no big deal trams run non stop, really just no big deal. Check in is a breeze, make sure if you booked Golden Club you have a air conditioned check in of to the left if your facing the main lobby, its Golden only though. We had a lady bring us a drink before we even checked in, awesome huh. Rooms are ready at 3 p.m so wear your suits as you get your towels and braclets right away, basically you a man without a room, everything else is yours, I recommend Booking Apple Clob golden, this means you can use anything in the resort, all pools even premier, all resturants, and bars. Got our room 2104 ( 9 yards from the beach) and had a bag with ballons, shirts, and rum in it on the bed, flowers everywhere, towel animals and what not. Stocked fridge (not very cold, but cold enough), never had one housekeeping or smell or leaking faucets like some reviews had said. You get 6 or 7 american channels on the tv, so there is something to watch if you want to get out of the sun for a while (and you will) unless your domincan, very humid and hot.Beach is absolutely the most clean, clear all around best beach you will ever see. Immaculate, never rained once when we were there, NOT ONCE, sunny pretty much all day everday, got real lucky with that. Pools are huge and clean not as cool as I would like pretty warm but the average temp is 93 right now.The bars are awesome, the pina coloda is my favorite, the beer is el presidente, and Brahma pretty good. There is a drink for every palate, and they have a drink of the day each day, the chocolate monkey, and coco rosso were some of our favorites, The buffets are ok, something for everybody, eat early as the food temps get questionable in the afternoon, the pizza is the best you have, very good. The al a cartes are very good, we ate at japanese El mikado, the mexican El Charro, the seafood El pescador, and the Italian El Cappricio II, the japanese is by far the best, book it twice if you wish, you wont regret. My only complaint on the whole trip was around day 6 and 7 the buffets get a little repetitive, and you are ready for some american food, if this is true for you when your there, there is a Wendys at the airport, so when you leave the country you can get some american food. Night life is not really worth staying up for, they are cleaning the grounds non stop, dance classes on beach and pool everyday, john at the main swim up bar, is the happiest person on earth. Make sure you check the day before departure when your bus picks you up, its about 4 hours before flight, do not pay for another immigration card when you leave, and keep any cash in you pocket and not in purse, unless you want to lose it, they searched all purses. The mishaps in the negative reviews didnt happen to us, couldnt have picked a better resort, Have fun...........  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>daz11
<Content>2 weeks of pure luxery My wife and i stayed at the Bahia for 2 weeks starting on the 7th May.What can i say you want for nothing, you get everything and more and it just keeps coming.I spent 6 months reading reviews before our trip most are good but the odd one was way off the mark.The place is amazing the staff great and the food top class.We had one day of rain out of 14 the rest of the time blue skys and hot hot hot.Must does are to take a day trip with Bavaro Runners and see the local life.Mi Mi was our guide and he was a scream.The only one thing that i thought was pour was the table wine,nasty red,white and rose but then there is so much else to choose from you dont miss it.We traveled with Mytravel airways cattle class and that is the right word for it especialy on a night flight.Pay the extra and get the extra leg room.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nbbride07
<Content>Fantasitc We just got back a week ago and want to go back! We had no problems whatsoever and everyone we met (staff and guests) were great. We were there May 7-14. We had requested the honeymoon upgrade when booking our trip and were hoping we got it. At the airport we got on the bus for the charter company which only stopped at 2 resorts...ours being the first stop. Once at the resort checkin was a breeze, as soon as we all walked up to the counter men and women were coming from out back to help check eveyone in. After we got our rooms (and we got our upgrade no problem) a bellboy took us to our rooms on one of the trolleys. Soon as we got settled we headed straight to the beach!The first night we ate in the main buffet. It is a buffet what more can you say, but there was enough there that we were able to get our fill. First thing the next morning we made our a la carte reservations. We had no trouble getting any of the resturants we requested. (More later)Our room was spotless everyday and requested (form in bedside table) for it to be cleaned between 10am and noon, we never had any trouble. We also had no trouble with people coming into our room while we were in our room we had the DND sign on the door (as with any hotel in any city we stay in).We also did not have any trouble with beach/pool chairs and we never reserved a seat. We didn't get up early at all to do it. We slept in till we felt like getting up... Usually were at the pool or beach by 11am and never had trouble gettting chairs with a palapa.The food: we only ate at the main buffet a coule of times. With our upgrade we were able to have 4 a la cartes instead of 3. I will agree with other posts about an odd smell at the main buffett, I think it is just because of all the mixtures of smells..it didn't really bother us too much. We ate breakfast at the Italian resturant and lunch we either ate there (usually just fruit) or at the beach snack bars (we are not big lunch eaters). Our a la cartes:  1..The Garden Grill- not bad, loud,large portions and couldn't eat it all....probably due to the pre dinner drinks 2.. The Gorumet - we thought we wouldn't enjoy this....it was our fav hands down...great food, great service and great atmosphere3. The mediterrian- was good, 2nd fave..great food, good serice4. The Italian- was the worst. It was so loud and the service was horrendous!!!! We were supposed to have a romantic dinner for our honeymoon and we thought we would have it there...we were place right next to the buffett and it took forever for everything. THe food was good but portions to big. I had spaghetti carbonara and there was enough pasta in my dish to feed a family of 4!Lots of waste.. this resturant for dinner was a complete disappointment for us. Drinks were best at the lobby bar...we were there every evening for after dinner drinks. The girls wait on you hand and foot and have fun while doing it!We wouldn't hesitate to go back and highly recommend it  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Marilyn42
<Content>Excellent vacation - not one complaint!       One section of the beach pool  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>GLYORKS
<Content>A wonderful experience !!       Pool Area  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nurse_norma
<Content>Nothing to complain about...       Beautiful room... most days had towel sculptures, depending on the maid!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NortheastBlue
<Content>Best Vacation spot in the world I visited the Bahia Principe, Punta Cana resort in the Dominican Republic in April with my daughter. This place was paradise! We had a super time. Everyone who worked there was so friendly and nice. The food was great. We liked the buffet the best because of so many choices. Our suite was great. A super nice maid and a wonderful bed and terrace. We went to the beach every day for 6 days we were there and it was heaven. The taxis on the resort were so efficient too. I will go back, over and over again. I booked my own trip on expedia.com and I purchased an all inclusive. This is the only way to go. We had everything at our fingertips all the time and never waited for a thing. It was a vacation I will never forget. Northeast Blue May 20, 2007  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rob1013
<Content>Great Hotel for Average Price       Villa  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>degnans
<Content>We miss the Bahia Principe, I still have the music in my head! My husband and two older boys, 21 and 18 just returned from a week atthe Bahia Principe. What a wonderful resort. We arrived at the airport on time and was at the resort and ready to enjoy by early afternoon. The check in and welcome all went smoothly. The lobby is gigantic, open and just beautiful. The drinks in the lobby bar were the best, try the rum punch. The rooms were immaculate. The grounds were very tropical and lush. We were in a villa close to the beach. The trolley service runs very regularly and can get you anywhere you want to go in this gigantic resort. The first morning there I took the map and did a walking tour of my own just to get acquainted with where everything is. It will take a day or two before you get the hang of where everything is located. The food is decent but we never expect anything great at an all-inclusive. There is a large variety of drinks and we sampled just about all of them. All delicious. The weather was gorgeous for 7 straight days. The beach is beautiful and even though it is the Atlantic Ocean the water is warm and very clear and blue. The pools are amazing with swim up bars and very warmwater. There are activities by the pool throughout the day. We tried the banana boating and that was alot of fun. My husband and I took a kayak and although we flipped twice it was fun. We walked to the fleamarket down the beach which was a 45 min walk one way. The entertainment at night is very good. We went to the theater in the front of the resort and listened to the house band where the dancers take people out of the audience to dance. The band was excellent. I purchased a cd to take home because we loved the music so much. Afterthat the disco is open and that's alot of fun too if you still want to party. The trolleys run until 3:00am to get you back to your room. My boys were never bored. We took one snorkeling excursion on the Caribbean Festival which was a 1/2 day of snorkeling and partyingon the boat. We felt very safe at all times. The staff is very friendly and accomodating. This resort has a mix of Europeans, Canadians and Americans and everyone we met was very friendly. We're all sad to be home and we would rate this vacation resort a 10.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>carml2
<Content>So Beautiful Thought I would share a bit about the resort since this website was such a help to me when I was booking...This resort is fantastic! Like everyone else has written...it is huge....but there are trolly's that are always waiting....and it is not a problem at all....The rooms are beautiful...the maid service is great...the food is quite good...although after the 2 weeks, you never want to eat buffetagain haha....the a la carte restaurants we went to were La Gourmet (French), which we went to twice since the food was so good...the filet mignon was incredible! The BBQ was good, but it is a buffet as well, the Japanese was excellent...alot of fun!! And I never felt rushed as some people have mentioned on here...the Italian was very good as well..probably the most selction at this one...the seafood restaurant was pretty good, but out of all of them, probably my least favorite...but still quite good, don't be mistaken! Please note that the main buffet isn't the only place that offers breakfast and lunch....we were taking up alot of our days going all the way to the main buffet, but then found out the Seafood restaurant serves breakfast and lunch as well (same kind of buffet, but not as busy). Lunch was easiest to go to the snack bar beside the main pool for us...this way we didn't have to get all dried off and dressed half way through the day....The main pool is the only one we ever hung around at. The others weretoo far from the ocean, and we didn't like that. It is true about howfast the chairs along the pool get taken. We had no problem as we were only a couple...and didn't want to be inder that umbrella's, but for a bigger group that wished to be together, may want to get up around 7am to reserve seats. We would usually wake up at 9, be at the pool by 9:20 and had absolutely no problems....so it really depends on the seats you want and on how big your group is. The oceanwas wonderful...so nice...but there were not waves good enough for boogie boarding which was too bad....but still, the water was cooler and the ocean, so we prefered to go down to that water...take the paddle boat out to the shipwreck straight out from the resort...it's really neat to see....and only takes about 15 minutes to get too.....We went on the Outback Safari....and let me tell you...so worth it....you'll get to shop for liquor and cigars for real dominican prices....not tourist prices...you get to see so much of the life really going on outside of the resorts...you get to go see a house in punta cana and how they live there....next up the mountain to see how cocoa and coffee beans are made (plus you can buy this really cheap)...then to the shopping station I spoke about earlier...then to a ranch for lunch...which has many different animals...a good lunch...then from there to a beautiful beach which is not know to tourists.....it is unreal....so beautiful....this trip cost us $80 american each...and let me tell you it is worth it....you get to see so much...and it's a full day (9:15am to 4pm) but goes so fast, because it is so enjoyable....There is alot to do at this hotel at night....I wouldn't reccomend leaving the resort from what I was told...but you will not be bored...This time of year it is HOT!!! I have never been on a vacation that was this warm...I think our average temperature was 42 C with the humidity....so don't bring SPF 15....bring at least SPF 30 and seriously re-apply 4,5 or 6 times during the day!! We made the mistake the first day of only applying twice and burnt....and we don't burn easily....make sure it's waterproof sunscreen and don't forget aloe vera gel....if you forget these things, you will be paying close to $20 american for sunscreen!! Bring extra!! You go through it so fast....between the two of us, we went through 3 big bottles in 2 weeks!! The flight there: be prepared...they are going to spray you with ancecticide...it's pretty weird....Take the walk to the flea market on the beach...it only takes about 30mins....and it's better than shopping at the centre at the resort...barder, barder, barder!! They'll start at $100 and we eventually got the down to $10!! The jewlery isn't worth much so don't let them trick you into thinking itis...the cigars and cigarettes aren't real brands, so don't buy them here....and don't be itimidated...just walk away....they all tell you that you are there best friend and they will give you the best deal...it's BS....but have fun! We did!I hope this was helpful....any questions let me know! Have a great trip, I know we did!!  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>kennyjay
<Content>Awesome Vacation My wife and I spent 7 great days at the Bahia. We were worried because it was so big, but we learned to stay by our room (Bldg 21) by the Pool/Beach/ Mexican restaurant. Room was one of the best. Golden checkIn was a snap, friendly, helpful, and we booked the japanese, Mexican and italian restaurants for 7:30 dinners. Japanese and Mexican (2) were very good and the italian was good. Buffet had an okay selection for easy to like meals. Pool was great as well as the beach. Got seats when we got up at 8,9, or 10am. Service by staff wonderful. The head waiters could be more friendly, but they seemed to work from morning to night. We ate breakfast buffet at the Mexican restaurant to avoid the tram. Tram moved good, but we did not want to travel. The entertainment was not as good as at other places but fine. The pueblo casino and shopping were good. The flea market about 40 minutes walk was okay, but you did not save much. First 2 days had limited activities by the pool, but then the next few days had many. Lot of volleyball games, and they could have used two nets. Bottom line, was very nice, but just so big for us. Best, Outback Safari tour, Danny Boy (guide)was fun and most informative. You see one of the most beautiful beaches as well as homes, mountains, and coffee,sugarcane and coco plantations. About $80.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>g_uruguaya
<Content>Detailed Reviewof What to Expect       The girls with Coconut Drinks... YUMMY!!  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>makiWoodbridge
<Content>This is our new destination spot This was the best trip so far and let me tell you that my hubby and I (age 33 and 35) work, live and breathe to travel. We went to many upscale resorts from Jamaica to Hawaii and prefer to pay slightly more to feel extravagant once a year, to eat better and sleep in nicer rooms. This resort was amazing. It had absolutely everything: good food, excellent service, clean and spacious room, and definitely no lack in entertainment. We will definitely go back again.I was worried that We will be surrounded by screaming kids as we usually try to avoid family resorts and stick to adults only places, but this resort was great for every age and any kind of gathering, and due to its size no one feels overwhelmed with any one's presence . Upgrading to gold was soooo worth it mostly because all our questions were answered by our own representative in golden club house ( which is a special section in the hotel lobby). Also, We were situated in villa 20, the one closest to the beach and during the day it was fantastic to just pop in to your room and use the washroom whenever, during the night it was cool to hang out on the beach and skinny dip while surrounded by no other sounds except the waives. No lobby noise.The whole resort is designed so that the night life is in the Pueblo Principe town which is farthest away from villas, and no one really bothers any one.Another benefit of Gold membership was that we had 4 guaranteed reservations which we made the same night we arrived and that was smart as we heard later on that some restaurants got booked fast.Japanese was our favourite!!! Buffet was excellent for both lunch and dinner and you have choice of so much food that there is no way any one can say that they could not find something they liked.I read all kinds of reviews and honestly when we were there, meeting people and talking to so many of them not one had anything bad to say, except the girl that fell on the glass in disco and cut her arm. I read her review and realized that I met her there. One bad issue like that can totally spoil your holiday.Entertainment was excellent. Disco was happening, as well as the lobby after dinner where the man on the piano plays and sings to some of the greatest tunes.The beach chair problem is not really a problem at all, people make a big issue for nothing. There is lots of chairs and plenty of shade, and not everyone wants the same spot so just relax and if you are up by 9 am you will be fine to find the chair before going for breakfast.My advice is to get up no later than 9 am, because i noticed that afternoons are mostly cloudy so go and get the vitamin E your body needs and take advantage of the DAY . You can always nap on the beach chair.My second advice is to get a massage in the spa if it's a rainy day and you feel bored. We got a couple massage and it was worth $65.00 US for both of us for half and hour. Good deal .Also, don't forget playing cards or at least one board game....If you are like me a workaholic... when do you get a chance to play cards in paradise.And it is truly a paradise. And it is how you make it!!!! Some were writing that this place is not romantic, but in my opinion resort itself has little to do with it. You have a moon, sea, mama huana (dominican viagra) which by the way works, music to make you move.... All you need is love!  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Happytraveler57
<Content>Loved it! We just came back from Bahia Principe on Friday May 11th. All I can say is we had an awesome time. The service, the friendliness, the helpful staff was excellent. We have no complaints. The beach is amazing and there is lots of beach chairs to choose from. We didn't have to wake up so early to reserve them. We had no problem booking the water sports although it is recommended to book them one day in advance. I have been to many other places and don't like to o to the same place more than once because I like to try different places but I would definitely return here.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CAWToronto
<Content>The best trip ever!!! Go Diamond Club My boyfriend and I went to the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana from April 30th till May 14th 2007, we are in are late 20's early 30's. We booked the Diamond Club and we were in villa 31 on the 3rd floor. Everything was amazing, the french restuarant is by far the best, we went 3 times. Japanese and the garden grill restaurant are also very good. Service at the fish restaurant is amazing, sooo great and the food was decent. The Italian was good for the diamond club lunch but the dinner was not great, don't eat the chicken at this restaurant. Mexican was also not great, I would not recommend it. I left a shirt at the diamond club pool and it was taken so they gave us 2 extra a la carte dinners and 2 free shirts, they were very good about it. The room was very clean and well stocked. The night life is sooo great, we were never bored in 2 weeks. I highly recommend the Marinarium sunset cruise, it is well worth every penny. The Saona trip was good, but the bus trip to the boat is too long 2.5 hrs each way, although they told us 1 hr. I have been to 4 different resorts and this is by far the best resort I have visited. The lounge is great on the diamond side, a highlight was the guy playing the piano and singing from 7-10pm Monday to Friday. Go to this resort, it is soooo good. If you are looking for American food etc then stay home but this is the first time I have been able to eat while away and I gained weight for once instead of losing weight. Thanks for a great trip, we will be back!!!!  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	3	5	

<Author>freeway
<Content>Am going again next year We stayed at this resort in March 2007 with 3 other couples. We have been to Cuba and Puerto Plata before adn this resort is the icing on the cake.The staff are wonderful. We got to know John by the beach/pool bar (Michael Jackson's son) and his brother Victor. Excellent guys.Only took in one evening show and it was okay, but we didn't go there for the shows. The weather was great the whole week we were there. We were in Villa 2 and the room was always clean and tidy. Nightly turn down service, chocolates on the pillows, lots of water, orange pop and beer stocked in our fridge, along with beach towels in our room, robes and slippers and room service.One night the air conditioning was leaking and we called, and 2 minutes later a young man showed up to fix it. There was water everywhere and he cleaned it up. We tipped him and he really was really happy about that.Didn't do any excursions, but did walk 7minutes left of the resort at the beach and did a bit of snorkling there. It was pretty choppy and the boats come really close, but saw amazing fish. We plan on returning to this resort in March 2008 and taking a snorkling excursion.The bartenders at the square understood less english than the rest of the resort. I ordered a strawberry daquari three times and still didn't get one. They do ask for your room number, but it is not charged to you. My husband won about $300US during the week at the casino and lost $40US on cards.The shops at the square are reasonable, although make sure you visit them all before you make your purchase. Some offer prices in US dollars and some offer DR peso, so compare prices. The vendors at the square are pushy, but they are trying to make a living. You can buy from them at less than half of what they want for a price. Keep haggling and walk away if won't pay what they are asking.Our friends took a water taxi to the market down the beach. There was 6 of them and it was $4US each way. The more people, the less expensive it was.The trams are running constantly. You can get on and off at any of the stops. We stopped at different ones and looked around and explored and walked the rest of the way.We were in the golden club section, so we got 15minutes a day free internet use at the golden club service building midway through the resort. It's a good way to communicate with your loved ones back home and rub it in a little bit by telling them how great a time you're having.The resort is massive and I liked it this way. It never seemed crowded though. We mainly were at the pool daily and the beach only the first day. To get a beach lounger we went down at 6:45am the first morning and most were taken. The pool loungers we were down there even earlier, so we got our pick.The drinks are fabulous at the main pool bar. Miami Vice was my favourite, but enjoyed cocoloco, chocolate monkey and Bahama Mama. The boys said the beer was great too.The staff are out cleaning and tidying up all the time. In the morning you can see the gardeners in the trees cutting off the dead palm trees. We bought the safe in our room, and you program your own code. it was great because we put our money, passports and items of value in there. Our maid was very good, she straightened up the room where even our sandals weren't lined up. We left her money and a small item each day, like cosmetics, pantyhose, crayons and colouring books for her children or cousins etc.Beach was great. The water clear with some seaweed floating around. There was a herron diving for fish the whole week we were there and got close to it to take pictures.I miss it and we'll be back in March.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gonrndtheworld
<Content>Experienced Caribbean Travler Gives Bahia Honest Review       Gran Bahia Principe Lobby entrance  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>jenn_gary
<Content>Bahia Wedding-- A dream come true       walking hand in hand  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>DreamCaribbean
<Content>Miss it already! My husband and I just returned from our 1 week stay at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana. All I can say about our vacation is that it was wonderful!We stayed in building 60 which is part of the Gold Club. If I had to pay extra for it, I don't think that I would, however when we booked it was actually cheaper than any other section of the hotel. The mainhighlight for me for having booked this area of the hotel is that it is steps away from the beach which is a big plus for me!! The only perk that we received that we actually used was the free internet access in the gold club internet hut which is located near the bridge. You get 15 minutes per room per day which is good to keep in touch with loved ones back home. Yes, the resort is huge. But if you don't want to walk you can use the trolly which brings you everywhere. Don't let the size of the hotel intimidate you. It is very easy to get familiar with. Rememberthat there are 2 resorts here, BP Bavaro and BP Punta Cana. They are mirror images of each other. Something that I just found out today which I wish I had known beforeI booked!! DO NOT PAY VISA TO CALL HOME!!! I just checked my account and we made 2 phone calls for $40 each. Absolutely nuts. If I had known that before I went away, I would never have called home. Use the internet, it's free and quick!!! In Pueblo Principe they have an internet room for all hotel guests, that is cheaper to use than calling home, trust me!! Food was excellent. I cannot complain. Lots of variety and I am a very picky eater. Those of you who love meat - well you're in for a treat - many varieties. Those of you who are vegetarians - do not worry, lots for you too! I like to enjoy an ice cream at the beach when I'm hot and I found out that the only places where you can get ice cream during the day are the restaurants that are air conditioned (buffet or the specialtyrestaurants that are open for lunch). I wish I could have got it at the snack bar at the beach/pool. You have to be with shirt and bottomon for the air conditioned restaurants or you will be kicked out.Huge language barrier at this resort...if you know any spanish speak it! Lots of Europeans here so if you know any language from there you'll be fine too. (I.e. Italian).The beach/pool chairs - yes, you do have to play the towel game. I got up every day around 7-7:30am and I had no trouble finding a seat under an umbrella very close to the beach. If you don't care where you sit, then there are seats available all day long, just not in the shade. Word of advise, if you want to use the water sports - book them as soon as you arrive. We went to use the peddle boats one day and had to reserve them for 2 days later. Not what I've experienced on other AI trips. You must try the Japanese restaurant. Even if you don't like the food, you have to go for the experience. It was great!!! Again, I'm a picky eater and I was full when I left. Nighly entertainment needs improvement. I was quite disappointed withit. Being a 5 star the entertainment should be better. Anyway, that was my review. Overall, the resort is a 5 star. Don't listen to the negative reviews and go there and have fun.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	2	5	

<Author>JenSDM
<Content>WARNING TO ALL-Read before going!!!! We went to the Bahia from May 4-11. I felt it important to share my experience with all of you as I did read posts from this site prior to booking.Day 1 Friday: arrived at hotel, when you get off the bus, the hotel tags your luggage and they tell you to go ahead to your room. After our luggage was out of site, we realized that the room # on the luggage voucher was different than the room # that came with our keys (they gave us everything on the bus, no check in was required as we were gold). We proceeded to the room # that was on the luggage tag, after walking for 20min, with no help, we found the first room. Tried the key, nothing. Walked another 20min, found the 2nd room, one key (out of 2) worked, but no luggage in the room. We called the front desk, and then waited for 2 hrs before our luggage came to the room. Then we needed to find the front desk so we could get the key for our safe (you have to pay). We walked everywhere on the grounds for 3hrs before finding the right reception. We did ask many employees along the way, all pointed us to the wrong direction. We decided to let all of the above slide.Day 2 Sat: Early AM, went to our reception to book our al la cartes, they told us 2/4 restaurants we choose were closed for the week. We asked if we could go to the same one 2x, they said no, so we were forced to eat at restaurants that we didn鈥檛 like.Spent the day at the pool, beautiful day...Dinner, went to al la carte, portions small, service acceptableDay 3 Sun: spent day at the pool, evening, al la carte, dinner menu exactly the same as night before, service a little better (it was technically a different restaurant)Day 4 Mon: Went on day trip Bavarro Runners awesome trip, full day touring the island.Dinner at buffet, substandard, would classify food as a 3 star resortDay 5 Tues: 11:00 AM went for massage and body wraps, give treatments a 8/10, sevice at the spa 9.5/10. Then we went to the pool, buffet dinner, same rating as above.Evening (this is when the vacation turned into a nightmare)Went to the disco on the resort (it opens at 12am). Disco was small, and overall not a very happening place we were having a good time until I was walking and slipped on the floor. I landed in a pool of alcohol and GLASS, someone must have dropped their glass earlier. My right hand was cut and had glass in it and my wrist was in serious pain. I went to the bar to get some napkins to stop the bleeding, the bartender saw my hand, held it over the bar ledge and poured alcohol on it to clean the wounds. I went back to my room, we called the resort medical center (we had no idea where it was). By now it was apprx 2:15AM, the medical center told us that they can鈥檛 do anything right now and to come down in the morning. We asked them to bring a tenser bandage, they refused. I was very upset, and in pain and began to walk to the medical center (they are suppose to be 24hrs and in room service). 5 min into my walk, I couldn鈥檛 take it so I changed my mind and headed back to the room. Then, I found myself locked out (unknowing to me, my friends left the room to come and look for me). I was knocking on the door, a room service employee saw me, and then called 2 managers to let me in. Managers came, saw my hand and drove me to the medical center. Two females in the center were obviously upset as I had woke them up, they told me $120 US to SEE the DR. I told them I have travellers insurance, they told me to go back to the room and get it. At this point, I was tired, frustrated and in pain, asked them again for a tenser bandage and I would pay for it. They charged me $10US for a bandage and I had to ask several times for them to put it on my hand. Was driven back to the room for the nightDay 6 Wed: Went to breakfast, then back to room, called my insurance company for assistance (still in immense pain). My insurance co. organized everything, called the medical center, faxed them my forms and told them I was on my way there now. Got to medical center 10min later, there was a sign on the door saying they stepped out and would be back in 30min. Waited 40 min, they didn鈥檛 look at my had and told me someone was coming to take me to the hospital.Went to the hospital (in an ambulance, 30 min drive), they x-rayed my arm and found my wrist was broken, gave me a cast from my hand to elbow (insurance covered 100%). Then we realized that they will bring you TO the hospital, but NO transportation FROM the hospital. We paid $30 US just to get back to the resort.Got back just in time for al la carte, Dinner was very good that night, went to bed earlyDay 7 Thurs: Early AM, went to reception as directed by my insurance to get an accident or incident report. Spent 20 min explaining to an employee what happened, she wrote everything down so I assumed my concern was going to be taken seriously. She called her manager over who basically said sorry, thanks for letting us know I told them that I wanted this documented as it happened on their property, her response was we don鈥檛 know this happened here, it could鈥檝e happened anywhere and you didn鈥檛 pay for your treatment so what would you like us to do? I again explained about all of the employees that I encountered that evening, she told me if I didn鈥檛 have their names they couldn鈥檛 do anything. So we asked for her manager, they told us she wasn鈥檛 available, but they would have her call us, we stormed out very upset.I went for a facial treatment (which I had booked on Monday), same girl doing treatment, she was amazing, even brushed my hair and helped me dress (this was the only employee that ever tried to assist me)I tried to go to the pool and sit in the shade, but it was far too hot with a cast, I stayed in the room the entire day. At apprx 5:00, they called the room and told us that we (me and my two friends) could stay for 4 days and 3 nights for free. We told them that given our experience so far, we would not stay, plus I was confined to the room. We advised them that we did have spa treatments, total of $300 US and we would appreciate it if they could settle our bill. They told us they would have to check with the general manager of the hotel and would call us back shortly. We left the room at 7pm for our al la carte dinner reservation, no call back. After dinner, we went to the office as we also needed to check out (you can check out 12hrs in advance) and needed to know about the bill. They told us they didn鈥檛 have an answer yet, we waited 15min, then, apparently they talked to the manger and he told them no, only the free stay. So, I asked for the contact info for their legal department, she told me I had to e-mail their customer service, and refused to provide me with a name or number. Then I asked for the name of the general manager, she also refused me that info. I asked her to call the female manager Michelle (not the GM) down so I could talk to her, they appeared to have called her, then told me she had gone for the day. I stormed out (again). Twenty min later, we saw Michelle walking the grounds, I approached her and told her that I need some form of documentation that this was reported so that when I go home and try to deal with this, the hotel wont deny it. She told me that she would have to talk to the GM about a report and she would meet me in the office the next day at 10am.Day 8 Friday (leaving day): Walked up to the front for the meeting with Michelle, we noticed an ambulance in the middle of the grounds and a woman lying on the marble walkway in serious pain. It was VERY obvious that she slipped, and her leg was broken, she was screaming in pain. We also saw Michelle on the scene. We waited aside for Michelle, she definitely saw us. After about 5min, the ambulance was gone, Michelle took the long way around so she wouldn鈥檛 have to walk by us. I tried to catch up to her, called her name 3x before she finally turned around. I told her I knew she was busy, but we are leaving and I need to know about my report, she rudely said 鈥渋ts in the office didn鈥檛 they tell you?鈥?and walked away. I went to the office, expecting some form of prepared document explaining what I had reported, I was handed a form to fill out, it was titled 鈥淐omplaint Form鈥? I asked why they didn鈥檛 provide me with that the 1st time I had come, they told me that they had to wait for the hospital report. I asked if anyone had actually investigated or spoken with the employees/managers that had contact with me after the accident, they said they didn鈥檛 know. My friend filled out the complaint form for me (same form if we wanted to complain about the food) and we handed it back to them. END OF STORYIt should also be noted that I did contact the Air Transat Rep who basically had the same attitude as the hotel 鈥淲hat do you expect them to do鈥?I did explain that it wasn鈥檛 about money, but if they would have simply asked how they could help me to make the situation better, by employees helping me at the buffet, anything would have been sufficient, but they denied it happened and honestly put me through hell.On another note, I can give one good comment about the resort, the grounds are immaculate. Very well kept and maintained, 10/10 for cleanliness, but a 1/10 for service.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	5	3	5	1	1	3	

<Author>Wayne99
<Content>what a trip just returned from the dominican - the Gran Bahia Principe - cannot say enough wonderful things about our vacation - it had to be an experience well worth the money - everything was awesome - I was really amazed at the size of the place - huge huge.I have never seen such care taken in service We were so impressed - the Royal Golden Club was so wonderful -helped us in every way - especially the asst manager(Cris).I would go back again tonite - well tomorrow for sure.This resort has to be one of the best.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blondieCornwall
<Content>Loved This Resort We just got back from this resort. We went there to get married and brought 31 guest along with us. This resort is very big but accommodated our guests very well and gave us all different things to do and places to go.The pools were beautiful and we always found a group of lounges.The restaurants were amazing.We had our wedding at the Garden grill and that was the best! The steak was great and the meal and service was excellent.I also enjoyed the japanese restaurant.Many of our guests loved the French too.I enjoyed this resort and would recommend it to anyone.The trolly is always running but if you stay Club Diamond the walk is nice most of time as that's what we choose.It is sort of between the beach and the main lobby.If you would like to get married there it was amazing.Marianna and her assistants were so helpful and I am so happy with everything.Our wedding was beautiful and Jorge did a great job on our pictures .The ages of our group ranged from 27-70 so it was a wide aged group and everyone's reviews were great reviews from our group!This resort was the best i have stayed at and we enjoyed every second!The trip home was another story.Beware if you fly at nght with Skyservice.If they are late they will land and lay you over if they were late to pick you up and your airport has a noise by-law..always double check that..we were to fly in at 12:59am if we were on time, but they were late so it was 2am and Montreal would not except us.We stayed for 6 hours at the hamilton airport before boarding the same plane and did not return home until 2 pm Sunday back to Montreal.We had left the Punta Cana airport at 9:15pm..Beware of Skyservice and late departures.We had no idea this happens.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Barracuda1975
<Content>It was OK for money. Would not come back.          Lobby  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>ReneeGeorgia
<Content>Great Place We stayed at this resort from April 30th through May 4th and had a great time. We booked through Apple Vacations and had no problem checking in, getting to our rooms and being notified of what to do and when there were activities. The room was great. The beach was the best!! You must go early to reserve a chair, which is not fair, but that is the game. The food was like any buffet style food. It must be hard to cook for thousands. We loved the Japanesse, but I hate having a certain time to eat, so we just ate when we wanted at the regular buffet. I wish the drinks had been better, but you are drinking domestic drinks.  I had read good and bad reviews, but we had a great time. Knowing a little of the language, spanish, is a big help. After all you are in a spanishing speaking country. Go to the spa, it was great!! We would start the evening at the lobby with piano music and drinks. After eating we enjoyed the show at the middle theatre and then move to the front theatre and then disco dancing. The best was just sitting on the beach after dark and enjoying the peace.  My husband and I would certainly go back and please remember to tip, especially when deserved. Have a great time and enjoy the sand and surf!!  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Baldersthedog
<Content>Ignore the cr*p reviews......Read this..... We have just returned from 10 days at the Bahia in Bavaro and felt we had to write a review !.CHECK-INNo issues, probably due to the fact that we arrived at 1:30am and there were very few people about....it actually worked to our advantage as we were upgraded to 'Golden' for no extra money !.CLUB GOLDENGives you a little bit extra, but not a lot. I'm not sure what the upgrade price is, but I probably wouldn't pay it. What do you get ?.The room is near the beach, but no sea view. You get 15 minutes free internet each day, but, the queue for the 3 terminals each day were a bit excessive. The room was fantasic, we even had a four poster !. There is room service as well, but who the hell wants to sit in there room all day when it is 90 degrees outside !.FOODFantastic......Al a carte was fantastic, we visited Steak House, Japanese, Fish, Italian and Gourmet......IF YOU ONLY BOOK ONE RESTUARANT, MAKE SURE IT IS THE GOURMET.....The food and service was probably the best I have ever had in a restuartant or a hotel. This doesn't belong in an all inclusive resort !. Make sure you take advantage of the cray fish...!.Buffet was a little bit dissapointing when comparred to other Bahia's, but still sufficient and as ever the service was first class.We tended to visit the bbq bar in the mornings for breaky, as the view of the beach was fantastic. However visits to the buffet were good as well and the omlet queue's were small (for once !!!!!).DAY ENTERTAINMENTUnbelievable, these guys (the staff) just want to have fun. On our last day there was a arm wrestling competition by the pool...well....for you yanks - the enthusiasm of all concerned was like the superbowl, for you canadians - better than any ice hockey match...and for us English - nearly as good as football (soccer).Bottom line, these guys put everything into making your day fun !!.One observation - If you are looking for total peace by the pool this could be a problem. Whilst by the pool, the Americans and Canadians seem to be unable to communicate without shouting at the top of their voices (even if they are right next to one another) and each sentence seems to end with an annoying whooooop ?, why ?. Fine at 6pm when we have all had a drink, but at 10am...come on guys ?. However, don't let that put you of though.....EVENING ENTERTAINMENTBar service was great, totally about their business. Only watched one bit of a show, so we can't comment, but they were well attended. The Hacienda was good, very lively.OVERALL...... YOUNG, OLD, FAMILY, PEACEFUL HOLIDAY...WHATEVER...GO...IT'S GREAT !!!!!PS... forget to mention about the beach......Miles and miles and miles of sand, palm trees, beds, beach bars........oh well, hard life isn't it ?  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Ottawabb_YOW
<Content>Awesome Spot Just returned from the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana,We got upgraded to the Premiere Section - my understanding was that section was adults only, and it is not. There were many children there. That did not bother us in the least, but it might for others who are not expecting that.  Premiere section was really nice. You get 4 a la carte restaurant bookings and free internet and a smaller guest ratio for the facilities. Slippers and robes are supplied. They have their own buffet, and snack bar and pool etc. It is farthest from the beach though, but there are regular trams running or your can walk to the big lobby and take the trams from there.We were celebrating our anniversary and there was a bottle of champagne on ice when we arrived and a fruit platter, 2 golf shirts, 2 baseball hats and a bottle of rum. It was really nice.The restaurants we went to were Paris, Japanese, Mexican and Italian. Our favorite was Paris and least favorite the Mexican. When booking your a la carte restaurants, make sure you find out what the buffet theme is first. We missed the seafood one and the Mexican one. The buffet is well managed and always lots to choose from. We did not get sick at all, and ate freely. Make sure to book them as soon as you get there, as they fill up quickly. We ordered wine with our a la carte dinners. It did not cost that much and we really enjoyed a nice bottle rather than the house wine as it is not that good. They just charge the wine to your room so you pay at check out.Staff were great, so eager to please and understand. We carried our Spanish dictionary with us which really helped. These people work really hard and they really earn the tips and appreciate them. The service is good whether you tip or not, but we tipped and they really appreciated it.Rooms are great and the maid was super. We tipped with sweet treats we brought from home and some cash. Contrary to reviews I have read before, we never had a problem getting lounges, however we always went to the beach. If you want shade you have to be there earlier, but I got a shelter at 8 am when I came down. There were always excess. The beach is beautiful....what can I say.The gym is small but it does the trick. We had 3 days of not so great weather, and still had an awesome time. You have to go a long way not to enjoy this resort. The only bad thing that happened on this trip was that we flew with SkyService. They were delayed on our way home and by the time we left Punta Cana they knew that we could not land in Montreal due to the noise laws that planes can't land after 1 am. Same with Toronto, so they landed at 2 am into Hamilton Airport, where they left us with no details as to when we would leave. 180 people in a very small airport with very few benches, children, wheelchairs etc, and the flight crew dissappeared. I will never fly with them again by choiceAll in all it was a great trip and we will definitely return to the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana and highly recommend it.Betty  Dave Burton  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>missingthesun
<Content>Wonderful Vacation Our stay: April 27 - May 4As others have written, do not believe the negative comments on here.Our flight was early so we arrived 3 hours before check-in. We were given our bracelets and towel cards immediately so we could use the resort until our room was ready (check-in is at 3:00pm, but most rooms are ready much earlier). Staff here were helpful and pleasant. Remember that the room keys are activated (and thus deactivated) by magnets, so keeps them away from other metals and cards. Our became deactivated once when we left it beside our keys/camera. This isn't the fault of the resort as one other reviewer mentioned, it's just something you don't think of. Some staff have poorer english than others, but you are in their country, so have some patience with them.Grounds: Truly unbelievable - the photos posted on this site do not capture how beautiful the resort is. Staff are working everyday trimming the vegetation, sweeping the walkways, etc etc.Rooms: We were put into the VIP premier section at the back of the resort. This included 20 minutes of internet use at ANY of the internet huts on the resort (i.e., diamond, gold, premiere) and 1 extra a la carte dinner. The washroom is large, clean, all tile and includes shampoo, soap, shower gel, shower cap, and sewing kit. Bar fridge was stocked daily as promised. We NEVER had a maid come into our room while we were there, but we also put the do not disturb signs on our door at all times. Thus, anyone who complained of staff coming into their rooms didn't use this sign. They clean in the morning and the fresh towels are delivered mid to late afternoon. We didn't use the in-room safe because we purchased locks for our suitcases. Although we were quite far from the beach, the Premier section has their own private pool/bar, lobby/lounge, buffet, and use of the Mediterranean restaurant. There is a trolley that goes all through this section and down to the beach. We didn't use it and preferred the walk every day.Main Pool/Beach: We are early risers and wanted prime spots on the beach, under the huts. So, we reserved our spots on the beach around 7am. Although most of the front row huts are taken between 7 - 7:30, there are still lots of spots by the pool and on the beach around 8-9. We left our towels and an old t-shirt on our chairs and left for breakfast. We were nervous at first leaving our stuff but had NO problems the entire stay. The bars and pool snack bar open at 10:00am. Service is good at both. Be careful with the fruity, blended drinks (i.e., coco loco, banana mama, etc) as they can be a little hard on the stomach. Their beer is El Presidente and is light and tasty. We walked the shoreline for about an hour everyday - the view is unbelievable. The ocean is quite warm, though we only swam a few times. We used the pool several times each day and had no problems with children or rowdiness as other reviewers indicated. We ate lunch at the snack bar each day, in order to get back to the beach/pool quicker. The food included: fresh breads, burgers, hotdogs, sliced ham/turkey, various pastas, pizza, rice, beans, chicken, and fresh fruit. There is filtered water at all of the bars.Food/Restaurants: The main buffet had themed nights and we ate there only 3 times, as we had 4 a la cartes. Buffet food was ok, but I wasn't expecting much since buffets in canada aren't that great. All types of meat are available, make your own pasta, fresh pizza, soups, salad bar, fresh breads, dessert bar, coffee/tea station, etc. Staff are VERY quick to refill beverages and remove plates. We didn't have any problems reserving our a la carte dinners - in fact the process took less than 5 minutes and the lady was very helpful with our choices/concerns.- Mexican: All a la cartes have a welcome drink, which is fruity and strong. Nachos/salsa as an appetizer on the table plus a salad bar (various mexican dishes). We had fajitas (beef overcooked) and burritos for our main dishes. Too full for dessert. Overall, it was average.- French: One of our favourites. This restaurant has a more romantic feel to it. Staff do not speak great english here, but they can answer all questions anyway (i.e., we had a shell fish allergy and were able to communicate this). Soup was great (had pumpkin and consomm茅), lamb chops and fillet mignon as main course dishes were amazing, dessert was good too. We recommend this one for sure.- Italian: Very fun, energetic atmosphere. Serve yourself antipasto (bread, meats, cheeses, salads, etc). I had the chicken and didn't care for it. He had the salmon and loved it. Overall, a great restaurant as well.- Grill/Steakhouse: Also a relaxed atmosphere. Serve yourself salad bar, soup served as an appetizer, the steak and chicken were great. Desserts here were delicious. Great service, very well organized. - Lobby Bar (Bavaro side): We went to the lobby bar/lounge every day after dinner. The atmosphere was lovely, waitresses are there within a minute of sitting down, and very diligent at keeping on top of your drinks. This is where the best selection of drinks is and the margaritas are great here. The entertainment varies from quiet, live piano/keyboard, to more lively music and clowns on stilts. It was always a nice way to end the day.Evening Activities: We quickly walked around the Pueblo Principe area once. Since we were up so early in the morning, we weren't up for the late evening entertainment. Also, the mosquitoes are more active late at night, especially because it usually rains at least once in the evening, and since we didn't take the malaria medication, we didn't stay. we heard the shows were terrible and didn't bother with any, just stayed in the lobby/lounge. Also didn't attempt the disco so cannot be helpful here.Check out: We had an early flight so our check out was 7:30am and bus left at 8:10. We ended up checking out at 6:30 (this process took no more than 2 minutes) and walked down to the beach for one more view of the ocean. We had breakfast at the main buffet before leaving. The process at the airport was seamless. A lady ahead of us paid $100 because her luggage was way over the limit, so be mindful of how much you bring back. No line at immigration or security.We would definitely return to this resort.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>tdaponte
<Content>Relaxed and Feeling Fine We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe from April 23 - April 30. My husband and I and my parents. We had a nice flight down and when we arrived the Punta Cana airport looked so beautiful. We booked Club Diamond through Sunquest. When we arrived at the airport you are given a number and directed to get on the bus. When we arrived at the Club Diamond bus there was a card with our names on it and my parents name on it, but when we got on the bus everyone was given an envelope (a Club Diamond check in envelope) - we had no envelope with our name on it. I was then asked to show the hotel voucher (which is behind your flight tickets) unfortunately it said Premier . Let this be a warning to all first time travellers - check every detail of your tickets, i had no idea there was a hotel voucher to be checked, i only checked our tickets for accuracy. Well, we were then told to get off the bus, remove our luggage and get on the Premier bus. Even though I explained to the representative from the hotel (she is there to meet you) that it was obviously a typo and that I was positive we booked Club Diamond - we were demanded to leave the bus. To cut the story short, we refused to leave the bus. The hotel representative told us on the bus that we would have to check in to the Premier section and figure it out the next day as we had no Sunquest representative at the property to help us. She sent two other people from the bus company to force us off the bus - we didn't get off the bus. All the way to the hotel we were very upset by our treatment and when we arrived at the Gran Bahia we couldn't even enjoy the welcome that they put out for you - Dominican dancers and a welcome drink. As soon as I got off the bus I saw our Sunquest rep., I immediately went over to him and explained the problem and I demanded to call Canada to speak to a Sunquest rep in Toronto and our travel agent. He calmly said we don't need to call Canada we will look after it from here - he made one call and determined that it was in fact a typo and we had definitely booked Club Diamond. We arrived at 11:00 a.m. and our rooms were not ready until 3:00. I went into the Club Diamond lounge to complain about the rep. on the bus and spoke to her boss who gave each couple a bottle of champagne and fruit platter and an extra a la carte restaurant to eat at. The Restaurants - a la carte - we booked them as soon as we got there - next day - and they were booked, unless you wanted to eat dinner at 9:00 or 9:30 at night. When we did get into a Restaurant at 6:30 the Restaurant was only half full. The best in our view was the Italian and the Mediteranean. We also enjoyed the Beach Barbeque and we ate lunch every day at the Brazilian BBQ. The hamburgers are inedible. The meat is pink and I met a fellow traveller who got sick on the hamburgers. The fruit is always nice and the salad is good as well. We found the property to be very well kept and clean. The rooms are large. The beds were very comfortable. The people are very friendly. The buffet was average. You have to be careful what you choose to eat. The beach is beautiful and we spent our days at the beach and then finished at the Club Diamond Pool Bar - the drinks are plentiful. You do have to save your chairs both at the beach and the pool - they say you are not allowed, but everyone does it and if you don't you won't have a spot. We found the night life - the shows - started too late - 10:30. They should have two shows one for the crowd who gets up early and one show for the people who like to start their evening at 9:30. The shops in the square were great for souveniers. All in all, once we got past our initial first day troubles, we all relaxed and had a great vacation. Since we don't travel that much, I would prefer next time to try somewhere else, perhaps Mexico or Aruba.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>NSbluenoser
<Content>Beautifull Resort - April 23 to 30 April 23 to April 30Resort is beautiful. The resort is large but the tram runs from the beach to the front lobby almost every five minutes but it was only about a 10-minute walk. We were booked on the Punta Cana side but were in Building 64 on the Bravaro side so we tended to use the lobby and buffet on that side. Even though the resort was large 鈥?it was manageable and you really didn鈥檛 notice that there were many people there.The grounds are beautiful and everything is so clean. The beach was awesome although the water was a little rough. We had great weather overall - you know it is hot when the workers are carrying umbrellas to keep the sun off! A few rain showers and one day of rain 鈥?hey, we were in bathing suites anyhow 鈥?so it didn鈥檛 matter.We were in the Golden section in building 64. The room was nice and the air conditioning was great 鈥?much appreciated after a long day in the sun. Large bathroom with big soaker tub, separate shower, separate toilet with frosted glass door - great water pressure and lots of hot water for the shower 鈥?always a plus. King size bed (mattress was a little hard) but not a major hardship. Room was always clean and we always had clean towels. The maid service was great. We enjoyed being close to the beach and pool. A little jockeying for chairs and shade but that is to be expected. The pool bars were good. Not a great selection of drinks but we are not drinkers so it was not a big deal to us 鈥?just enjoyed getting a cold drink.We ate breakfast at the main buffet and enjoyed the food. We tried the breakfast buffet by the pool once but not enough selection. At lunchtime, we ate at either the pool buffets (not great but okay) or we went to the main buffet. No major complaints about the food - it was as we expected for a buffet. For supper, we did five a-la-cartes. Japanese - excellent, Garden Grill another favourite 鈥?great menu and a good cold/hot buffet - service was excellent at both. Gourmet and French were okay 鈥?same food at both 鈥?not a lot of selection 鈥?service okay at French much better at the Gourmet. BBQ was terrible and service was poor 鈥?9:00 reservation so maybe they just wanted us out of there. Supper at the main buffet was fine 鈥?good selection. Breads were fantastic 鈥?many sweet breads. Desserts were good too. Reservations were hard to get and mostly late at night 8:00 to 9:00. We usually arrive 30-45 minutes early and got seated in 15 minutes or so 鈥?restaurants were always half full. The wines were a hit and miss. Some of the white wines at the restaurants were okay others were like vinegar.Staff were helpful 鈥?a little problem with English but otherwise okay. Found the maids and ground staff was friendly and always greeted you. Waiters and waitresses, bar staff all friendly. Oddity was that for some of the staff the better their English the poorer the service. Having said that, we had some dealing with some of the shift managers and we had some good laughs 鈥?Juan in particular.Entertainment was as expected 鈥?it is not Las Vegas. They really work hard and try their best. The shows were good. We saw the Lion King and it was well-done 鈥?think high school production. They even included the kids from the Kids Club, which was a nice touch. We went to the Karaoke bar and had a good laugh. Also, went to the Disco one night just for the experience. Saw one show at the Pueblo with a bit more adult content - it was a good laugh with audience participation.We took a walk to the market on the beach. Be sure to haggle with the vendors. TA advised use to pay 录 of what they ask. We checked the prices at the Pueblo before hand to get an idea of the prices.Bottom line 鈥?the trip is what you make it 鈥?and we had a great time.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>ChocolateMonkeyLover
<Content>Great Beach! This was our third time staying at a Bahia Principe resort (we were a group of 7) - the first time in Punta Cana and we were not disappointed. We stayed at the Bavaro - Premier Club from April 19th to the 26th. Overall the weather was good - even when it was cloudy it was still nice and warm. This resort is huge - which may scare some people off but there is a great trolley system that runs all of the time - which was needed as we were travelling with two grandmas. At first we were disappointed to find that we were so far from the beach - a good 12 minute walk - however, we soon learned that our nice amenities in the Premier Club were a blessing. We spent some time at the main pool - but found it extremely busy....even our kids who are teenagers preferred the pool in the Premier section. (which was the blessing part) We also had our own Reception Club, buffet and snack bar - we appreciated being away from the crowds. The beach is AMAZING! We would walk from our resort in either direction for 30 minutes and still have lot's of beach to cover. The beach was clean and the water was also clean and clear....very little seaweed if any! It could get busy - one had to get there early to get chairs if it was really sunny out! Lot's of selection on the food and I would recommend trying the Chocolate monkey at the Premier club swim up bar. We had a slight problem with the flooding of our rooms late one afternoon - unusually hard rain for a couple of hours and we were on the main floor of our villa. We were quickly given new rooms and management had engineers coming in to rectify the problem to eliminate any future occurrences. We would definitely go back and would defintely recommend this resort to others.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>redneil69
<Content>Lying In The Sun We have just returned from a wonderfuly relaxing week at the Gran Bahia. Yes, the site is large but we really didn't find this a problem, we were in Villa 35 and the beach was aprox 6 mins walk. From reception i'd say about 10 mins and of course there are the trolley buses if you really do find the walk too much of a chore. The beach is beautiful, with clear seas and swinging palm trees and there are 4 swimming pools too so there really is something for everyone. You can find quiet spots to sit just back from the beach if just want to chill and read etc or some of the pools have music and the usual holiday activities.The food was generally good, we ate in the Italian, Mediteranean and the barbecue restaurant all which we enjoyed very much. In the main buffet you will always find something you like, there is a pasta bar and salad bar every night and a roast. The thing to remember is you have probably not paid 5* money to come here, we paid 拢640 for one week flying from Gatwick and just wanted to sit around in the sun and do nothing, it was perfect for this. Having said that i think the resort would cater well for families or couples.The only thing that let the holiday down was the airline, Mytravel; I really cannot say how utterley useless they were and little care they have for their passengers, i will never travel with them again.All in all we had a fantastic week and enjoyed everyminute.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>grilchild75
<Content>Great Vacation       Diamond Club pool  bar  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mel_Marco
<Content>Beautiful resort, excellent service!!       Scubadoo machine  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JacobMcCandles
<Content>wonderful time We stayed at the resort for 7 nights beginning on April 22 with a booking with Apple Vacations. Left Detroit on USA3000 which is a great airline. Apple Vacations actually checked us in on the bus to the resort form the airport. We ended up with a packet including room keys, maps, brochures and general information. We didn't even have to go to the lobby/front desk. We stayed in building 17 near the front desk building which gave us about a 10 minute walk to the beach. We actually enjoyed that walk everyday. If you don't like to walk, there is a tram every 2 minutes to bring you anywhere you want to go. Saldina, our housekeeper kept our room immaculate every day. Stocked the fridge with Diet Pepsi at our request. The rooms are very nice. Keep a library card or something similar in the inside key slot instead of your room key and you can keep the air on 24/7. Very friendly people. Hola, Hola all day from housekeepers, gardeners, maintenance staff, everyone. Learn a few basic words of Spanish and be patient. Between your limited spanish and they're limited english, you will get by. Remember, you are a guest in THEIR country. We didn't like all the food but you could always find enough that you did like to keep you as full as you wanted. Move around to the different buffets, don't limit yourself to the main buffet at the hotel lobby. The Japanese restaraunt was terrific. 2 different appetizers, bowls of rice, and you can pick 1 or all of the shrimp, chicken, beef and fish entrees that the chef will make right in front of you. You will sit with 4 other couples in a seperate dining room for dinner. Then each couple will go to an individual table in the main dining room for dessert. The steak houses are not what you expect in America. The steaks are chewy and small. Probably becuase the beef is not grain fed, rather grass fed so they are much leaner, hence less fat and less taste, but beef non the less.We went with the attitude to try other things than American and we did. Some we liked, some we didn't. The ones we didn't we didn't try again. Also, the hamburgers are not what you expect in America, but again I attribute that to how the cattle are fed. Coffe is very strong and they usually carry a pitcher of milk along with the coffee. In fact, the waiters seen somewhat suprised when you don't want milk. We love strong coffee so it was a treat. The drinks were fine, we pretty much existed on margaritas. However, on Wednesday the resort had run out of tequila. Thursday we were back in business. Beach was gorgeous, clean and very busy with people traffic from all the resorts. You can walk for 30 minutes each way and find nothing but gorgeous beach and people watch. If that's what you like (and we do) this is the beach for you. Mostly couples and some families with small children. Caution, if you have small children and don't want them to become too familiar with the female anatomy, keep them away from the beach as there were numerous topless women. As an adult, just remember there are a lot of europeans and south americans who have a different attitude towards their bodies in public. It was windy but we thought if prevented the beach scene from being too hot as it was in the low 90's. Remember, weather is not in the control of the resort. We usually had a 10 to 15 minute rain every day but a small personal umbrella and a willingness to wait it out and the sun pops back out and everything is back to normal. Lobby bar waitresses work their butts off to keep your drinks full. No waitress service at the beach and limited waitress service at the pools but if you can stand to walk 2 minutes at the most, the bars all are situated pretty close. The resort is very large but if you're there 7 nights it doesn't get boring. I suggest walking along the beach and poking your head in a few of the other resorts for comparisons. If anyone stops you, tell them you're considering it for your next stay and they're happy to let you walk around. the Principe village has a number of shops, knichnacks, towels, sandals, t shirts, etc. Munchies are very expensive at the resort store, bring your own as none of the bars have any, only at the resort store. We were out to the beach by 9:30 every day and pretty much had our pick of chairs. Not so with the pools but we only went to a pool one day. All in all, we have never stayed in a place so clean with so many friendly, hard working people. Our only complaint was that the ice machine in building 17 was not very regular in having ice in the bin, but the water, beer and sodas in our fridge were always cold anyways. word of caution. On saturday night the Punta Cana airport is VERY busy with arrivals and departures. Have some patience and keep your cool and everything works out. We actually breezed thru check in and immegration thanks in part to Apple Vacations and USA3000.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrendaPaish
<Content>Simply Great We came as two families; us as two adults and another (our friends) with 2 very young children.The reception staff were friendly; we signed the forms and immediately got our wrist bands. Of course, we were greeted by a waitress with tropical punch drinks.The rooms were nice, huge big bed and spotless. The bathrooms were very comfortable too, with good powerful showers and spacious.The whole area of the hotel is very, very big. A fair distance from the place where you get off your car/bus, to your rooms and the beach. Several continuous trams take the guests from the reception areas to their respective rooms and to the beach. Of course, we always walked the distance, as it麓ll do us good after the food.The gym was nice too, very clean and hardly anybody in it, doing exercise. The distance from the gym to where it all happens is again,a fair walk. However, we did it and it took probably about 10 mins at a steady pace.The food was always great. We enjoyed the buffet very much, as there were plenty of good and healthy choices. We went to a specialty restaurant, it was the Brazilian restaurant by the sea. It is well recommended as the skillets of beef, pork, sausages, lamb and chickenkeep on coming. To say the least, we had a good time.The show was a credit - certainly the circus night where the boys used a trampoline and trapeze for the show was worth seeing. They were amateurs but very fit blokes and pretty entertaining. (But by far, not the circus de soleil).House keeping is ok. Beach was crowded when we were there and have toget the sun loungers from various places.All in all, very good and worth the driving and reservation of a yearin advance.GO!  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelGoBlue
<Content>Extremely disappointed I am writing to express my complete displeasure and dissatisfaction with my recent stay at theGran Bahia Principe Resort in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. My fianc茅, two dear friends and myself recently returned from Punta Cana. I have never submitted any type of complaint, nonetheless, the experience at your hotel was so disturbing that I felt compelled to write this review. Although the facilities were facially picturesque, the hotel offered very little in the way of hospitality to its guests. I have traveled to numerous places throughout the world and can authoritatively state that this was one of my worst experiences. Moreover, it was the first time I felt insecure within the walls of my hotel room. One of the most frustrating aspects was the inability of the majority of the staff to communicate in any language other than Spanish. The inability to effectively communicate hampered any attempts at problem resolution. A simple question to the housekeeping staff could not be answered. The hotel did not provide any meaningful information in the form of either posted bulletins or in-room information brochures. As a result, the numerous questions we had concerning the hotel or hotel services went unanswered since, as stated above, most of the staff spoke only Spanish. Unbelievably, even at the so-called 鈥渟pecialty鈥?restaurants, it was impossible to communicate when placing a food order. The communication problems, however, pales in comparison to the lack of security when inside my hotel room. The hotel staff was able to enter my room at will, even when the alleged deadbolt lock was securely in place. For example, one night some time after 11:00 p.m. I was already in bed with my fianc茅. There was a knock at the door and before my fianc茅 could leap out of bed to answer it, a housekeeper entered purportedly to give us replacement beach towels. This was quite unnerving since we subsequently found out that housekeeping services ends at 10:00 p.m. Even more suspect the following day, another member of housekeeping entered our room [again the dead bolt was in place] at approximately 3:30 p.m. to ostensibly retrieve a paper bag. Upon arrival, the hotel had placed a brown shopping bag in our room that contained complementary Bahia Principe T-shirts. Once again, the dead bolt was locked and housekeeping had previously 鈥渕ade up鈥?the room. However, at about 3:30 p.m., there was a 鈥渢ap鈥?at the door and before we could respond, a housekeeper entered. She mumbled a bit and then stammered that she needed to retrieve this bag. She grabbed the bag and left. Understandably, we did not believe this pretence and indeed confirmed with the assistant manager in guest services that the hotel did not want and had no need for this little brown paper bag. I can only speculate that this person entered our room for some other reason. Regardless, neither of these events should have occurred and left me with a very uneasy feeling.Although nothing of great value was taken from my room, some small items were missing. For example, I had left various fully wrapped snacks on the dresser. I had brought these from home. In this case, the decision was very insightful since the mini-bar contained nothing more than 4 bottles of soda and two cans of beers. Hardly what could be termed 鈥渨ell stocked.鈥?As I said, the cost is not the issue, rather, this type of behavior is extremely objectionable and clearly undermines any feeling of security.In addition, I found it rather odd that the Bahia charged for use of the in-room safe. In order to use the safe, it was necessary to go to the reception desk, make special arrangements and pay $32.00 to use the safe for our 7 day stay. This is not the sign of a world-class hotel. On previous trips I have taken, hotels typically encouraged the use of the in-room safe without any additional charge to insure the safety of their guests. I would expect any organization that was truly concerned with the welfare of its patrons would freely offer this simple amenity. An additional security concern involves the purported 鈥渓ocked baggage鈥?room. We had a late check-in since our flight did not land until the evening, nonetheless, the hotel had a noon check out time. The day before we were scheduled to depart we attempted to make arrangements with the manager for a late check-out since transportation to the airport was not set to arrive until 5:45 p.m. The manager was unwilling to give us any answer at this time stating he did not know if the rooms would be available. Candidly, I did not believe this excuse. I find it highly implausible that the hotel did not know if our rooms would be needed for other guests arriving the very next day. Even so, the next day we renewed the request which was simply denied by the manager. He appeared annoyed that we dared to 鈥渂other鈥?him a second time. Interestingly, other guests checked out late without seeking prior approval and were simply assessed a $10 per hour fee. Apparently, the rooms were available and our mistake was taking the time to properly make a request. Absurd!In connection with the denial of our request for a late check-out, we were assured by the manager that while we waited for transportation to the airport, our baggage would be stored in a 鈥渓ocked鈥?room. In this way, we could still make use of the hotel facilities including public showers until we were ready to depart. Unfortunately, the baggage room was not locked, secured or guarded in any manner. We, as well as numerous other guests, entered the baggage room at will, rifled through our luggage unhampered by security! It was quite evident that the Bahia had been seriously overbooked. Indeed, there were several offers by the hotel for free all day excursions if the guests would agree to move to different rooms every time they returned. In an effort to accommodate a large in-coming party, other guests were offered $200.00 in exchange for moving to the Riu Resort for a couple of days. Upon their return, these guests reported there was much better food and service at the Riu. I should mention, I have traveled to many all inclusive resorts and I am not very fussy, particularly about food. However, the food at the Bahia was clearly substandard. Finally, although in no way connected to the Bahia, upon arrival at the Punta Cana Airport arranging for departure, we were told one of our bags was 2 pounds over weight. This could have been remedied by rearranging some items between the bags. Nonetheless, the person at check-in said it would cost $5.00. She must have noticed we were paying in cash because the price jumped to $50.00. What made this so appalling is the amount we paid but the fact that this girl took the $50.00 bill, did not give us any type of receipt and proceeded to stuff the money under her computer key board. As stated at the beginning, I was very displeased and dissatisfied with my stay at the Bahia. In particular, the lack of security is unacceptable. I will not return.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Skeezer23
<Content>Loved It!!!       Beach and shipwreck  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>LovePuntaCanaAlot
<Content>Would love to go back!! We stayed at the Bahia Principe from April 23-30 and had an absolute fabulous time!!!We were a little nervous after reading some of the reviews, but we honestly have no complaints. You just sit back, and enjoy yourself...put the regular busy life behind you and go at their pace.Of course, there are only a select few staff who speak good english, but they are so friendly and will get you what you need as soon as they can. We had no complaints about the food - we really enjoyed the Las Olas BBQ on the beach (7 different meats) as well as the breakfast (omlettes made to order!). Book your a la cartes right away and familiarize yourself with the resort on your first day. It does seem confusing at first, but it's not as complicated as it looks! We ate at La Gourmet, Las Olas (twice!!) and The Garden Grill. We had the Gold package, which was great...15 minutes internet everyday (which was important to us to keep contact with our kids at home) beach towels in your room, 4 restaurants instead of 3, etc.The beach is fantastic...you can walk for hours (which we did!!). We did not have to wake up too early to get good chairs (with shade). I think by 8 or so it starts filling in which isn't too bad. Shopping in Pueblo Principe was fun! The theatres, shows, etc. were entertaining as well. Remind the bartenders/waitresses to just give you a little bit of alcohol in your drinks if you are not a fan of strong drinks...they are not stingy with that for sure!! We liked the many different cultures of the guests as well...listening to all the different languages was interesting!Anyway - this is becoming longer than I thought it would be...we loved it, would go back in a heartbeat. We met many people who were there for their second time, all of whom told us, we don't usually go to the same place twice, but we love it HERE. To us, that says a lot!!Hope you enjoy yourself as much as we did!  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Brandt73
<Content>Excellent...enough said!! My wife and I stayed at the Bahia from 4-21 to 4-29. I feel compelled to write, because I really appreciated all the info provided by other travelers. First, the hotel itself is large, but they have very efficient ways of getting to one side of the resort to the other with the shuttles running about every 5 minutes. The landscaping in the resort is nothing short of incredible. the workers there do a fine job of keeping the landscape beautiful.Food: I read complaints on this board in the past. Let me tell you.....We ate the buffets, snackbars and restaurants and at no time did we get sick. All water, drinks and food is safe as they use purified water. The food was very good for a buffet ( different variety every night) and all the restaurants, but the BBQ were excellent.Rooms: The rooms were kept very clean by the maids. These people work extremely hard and a $ 2-5 dollar tip a day was much appreciated and well worth the service.Beach: Yes, it is true you should get up early to get a lounge chair in the shade, but not to worry we never were without. The beach is without a doubt one of the most beautiful I have ever been to in my life.Shopping: The only downfall to the DR. The sales guys are pushy.....Always negoitate a price!!!!!! THey will comoe down to your liking.The entertainment was good with quite abit of crowd interaction.Drinks tasted great, but you must ask to get a little extra!!!All in all I give the resort a 9 out of 10 and would definately go back and I don't think I would stay anywhere else but the Bahia!!!Go there..Don't worry about complaints, I was very skeptical too, but turned out to be a wonderful place...Enjoy it and have a great time!!  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>DRTraveler7
<Content>Beautiful Resort, Poor Service, Bad Food First, a warning to parents traveling with two children: there are no rollaway beds available in this resort (first time in my many times in the Caribbean all-inclusives). So you have two choices -- either sharing a king-size bed with one of your kids, or getting a room with two full-size beds, each of them too small to accommodate two full-size adults.The resort is large, well-maintained with nice pools and beautiful beach. Bartenders are cheerful, skilled, and drinks are plentiful. Tips are appreciated, but not necessary. Mini Club for kids is apparently a lot of fun. Some of the nightly shows they put together (Michael Jackson, Circus) are almost professional. During our stay, guests were mostly Canadian, French, a few Italians, and very few Americans. Size of the resort is not a problem at all, there is all-day transportation from the main lobby to the beach with stops throughout the resort.The food ranges from semi-decent (Italian Restaurant) to below-average (French) to simply inedible (Mexican). In the buffet we could only handle pasta, eggs, breads and fruits and vegetables. Everything else was either bland, or greasy, or whole-fried. Service in all a la carte restaurants was just OK, but in the buffet it was pretty terrible due to the fact that no one (I mean NO ONE!) speaks any (I mean ANY!) English. If you, God forbid, turn away from your half-eaten meal for a split second, the plate will disappear from your table. The generic wine was horrendous. With your eyes closed you won't be able to tell the red from the white, because they both smelled and tasted like vinegar.Room service was pretty bad. I gave the woman $5 US daily and she still wouldn't clean the room till late afternoon, so if we wanted to return to our room before 3PM, we couldn't. It was impossible to get extra towels, or an extra bottle of water. A few times we could not get ANY fresh towels until very late afternoon, despite calls to the front desk.The worst of all are the reception desk people. Arrogant, rude and inept. Upon arrival we had to wait 3 hours (from 2 PM to 5 PM) to get a room, despite a rather large tip. They wouldn't crack a smile, or thank you. One night I actually witnessed them mocking a tipsy female guest who lost her hotel bracelet. Requests and phone calls are answered with such impoliteness, that you would think twice before asking them a question. They call it, as one of the front desk managers told me, 鈥渒eeping the integrity鈥濃€?br/>So, you say, it's all minor stuff, don't be petty, enjoy your vacation, but at the end of the day little things like these prevent your from calling your stay in Gran Bahia Principe a 鈥済reat vacation鈥?  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>Culture-Shocked
<Content>Awesome time at Bahia Principe Bavaro Punta Cana Just returned from Punta Cana DR last week and had a wonderful trip. There were 5 of us ranging from 20-48 years of age and we all enjoyed our stay at this resort. My husband and I had been at the Bahia Principe Bavaro before and returned taking others with us for a second trip. The resort is absolutely beautiful and the people working there are wonderful. The rooms are big and clean, the pools are clean and clear, the beach is amasing, the food is great with lots of choices, and the drinks are marvelous. What more can I say. Be sure to take in the theatre after supper, followed by the main stage at the square, and finish up at the disco for the night. The entertainment teams work very hard all day, do a great job, and always smile giving you the feeling that they really like what they do and enjoy doing it. Also we took in the excursion the Outback Safari as before, and had a great day off the resort. The tour guides and drivers are friendly, knowledgable, and funny keeping you interested as you meander through the countryside and villages to the mountains stopping at a ranch for lunch. You will see the local hospital and school (bring with you items for the classroom to leave with the teacher), visit a local home, coffee and cocoa plantation, visit a local beach and get to taste tropical treats as well as having many happy hours!! The weather was hot and sunny, seen no mosquitos or bugs, it was picture perfect.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>T4796B
<Content>Great Place and People-Dissappointing Food! Date: April 21-28Very beautiful and clean resort. We travelled with 11 people and had 4 rooms in building #1 in the Golden section. It was great being closest to the beach and pool. There also was an indoor and outdoor restaurant close by so that we didn't need to travel to the main lobby area. The resort is huge but the trams come every 2-3 mins- even at 2:00 a.m. in the morning. They are always cleaning and maintaining the resort inside and out and the staff are most friendly. The big dissappointment was the food. This was our 4th all inclusive (2-DR and 2-Mex). We have never experienced such poor a la carte dining anywhere. I can say that we never experienced a single poor a la carte at any of the other 3 resorts- Here we had 4 bad experiences.Don't do the lobster beach BBQ- as others have mentioned it is not so good without the lobster. I felt so bad for the wedding party beside us who obviously were looking forward to a nice meal. The Groom was very distraught- don't blame him!The BBQ steak was like chewing on your boot!The Japanese was probably our best outing however if you are looking for authentic taste and presentation- you'll be disappointed- I would give it a 5 out of 10.We thought the next night at the Italian restaurant would restore our pallet. We arrived and found 2 people from 2 separate tables returning the food on their plate. 1 from our table had to do the same.Finally came the Steak house. We arrived once again to have the table beside us very upset with their meals. The 7 of us who ordered the rib steak couldn't cut the meat. Bring a steak knife. 2 from our group ordered the tenderloin- it was the only meat that was edible.I have never experienced such poor quality of food for a la cartes. I have never witnessed so many people returning food.It's too bad because the place really is beatiful. It is great for families kids and even singles. Our 19 year old lived every night at the Disco- meeting girls every night- he had a blast.With some effort on the a la carte dining this could be a 5 star facility however I would rate it a 31/2 or 4 max. The beaches are definetly 5 star. Even better than when we stayed further down the beach at the Paradisus. You can't even compare the dining at the 2 facilities.Tim- Toronto Canada  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	2	5	3	

<Author>Dobergrad
<Content>Not a 4* by any stretch Terrible hotel. If not for the lovely beach stretching on for miles, and the fact that we prepaid, we would have left. My husband and I have vacationed in the Caribbean at least ten times over the years. Within the last 6 years we've taken our son to the Melia Caribe Tropicale in Punta Cana 3 times and the Barcelo Colonial in Mexico once (both All-Inclusives and both lovely). While no hotel is perfect, this one truly seemed to be a mill, moving hordes of people through it as cost effectively as possible.Service: awful. Check-in was a nightmare. Won't bore you with the details. Suffice it to say we were shuttled back and forth between the Punta Cana And Bavaro lobbies 3 times (they didn't seem to know where to put us!) and then given unactivated room cards by mistake making it impossible to enter the room. On and on it went like this the entire week we were there.Food: awful. The 3 times we tried to make reservations, the line required at least a 45 minute wait (that was their estimate!), so we gave up. The dinner buffet dining room is like a cave with no windows and more crying babies than we have ever encountered in our lives. The indoor lunch buffets next to the pool that are supposed to be air-conditioned did not have even remotely functioning air-conditioning making the outdoor snack bars the only acceptable option for lunch. The food there was disgusting. This was the only resort we have ever been to where we got sick (and no, we did not touch the tap water, are careful with sun exposure, and do not overindulge in alchohol).Atmosphere : awful. There is not enough room here for the number of people using this resort. Always an ordeal to find chairs at the pool or beach. The pool is VERY crowded, with many rowdy drinkers and unsupervised children. The pools at the Melia put this to shame. Some parents actually let their children eat their hotdogs in the pool, so you can see what type of oversight is (or is not) occurring here.Recreation: awful. At the Melia and Barcelo our son enjoyed playing board games, miniature golf, shuffleboard, life size chess, pool, foosball, etc. We would not expect any resort to have all of these, but this hotel had nothing. Their miniature golf was in a disgraceful state of disrepair, and when we tried to play pool at night, we found that they required quarters. Not one person could help us find change and we never saw anyone play the whole week we were there.Beach: amazing. The only reason to come here, but there are miles of beautiful beach in Punta Cana, and better hotels.Don't be lured by promises of a 4* experience with the price of a 2* hotel (we were).  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Buffercat101
<Content>Beautiful place       Sun Rise  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Bevwav
<Content>Beautiful, Clean and accomodating       Sun Rise  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Humidor
<Content>Great family resort!!               More photos  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dopeysdad
<Content>The First and Last Time Ok lets start by telling you all my family and I take 4 vacations a yaer and this is the first time i've been moved to write a negative review. most of the time i write letters on how great things were . 2 families traveling together all with adjoining rooms. But now back to this trip. Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana  First lets go over issues we had personaly ,  arrived on monday 4/23/07 mid day took kids to beach and a light diner @ pool side returned to room @ aprox 8:30pm to a flooded bathroom the water was flowing in from the light fixture in the ceiling. the repair man shows up and reports to me he fixed the problem and leaves. - well he walked all over the tub and sink in his muddy boots. call house keeping you say i did they told me i'd have to wait 45 / 90 min for a maid. so guess who cleaned up so my kids could go to sleep me!  { maid never showed up } Tuesday ~ had a great day @ the ocean VERY WINDY ! returned to room showered and went to eat @ nice Rest. ~ not so nice the seafood Rest. ran out of lobster! i'll say this again THE SEAFOOD REST. RAN OUT OF LOBSTER ! ! ! OK i know your saying stop whinning right ...... o keep reading .... we get back to our room ....... guess what we found A newly flooded bathroom ...... again called front desk again different repairman same muddy boots all over and no maid...... guess who cleaned again ...... me Mr. Maid! ! kidz asleep dad angry Wed morning caal front dest to speak to Mngr. oops! he does not speak english. so from what i got he was very sorry and will call me back later. ....WHEN ? no oblo! well the story goes on.  Wed. ok nice day lil rain cool breezes all good ........that night another smaller flood this time i get the one repairman that realy knows what he is doing and he speaks englishand he has a tube of calking to fix the leaky shower above my room ok now day 3 and i believe my room is fixed also he brought a maid to clean up after him.....  thursday morning I see the General Manager he is a very nice man that smiles a lot i believe because he does not understand a word i am saying. I get no where with him so i go see the manager in guest relations. well she was very helpful. she offered me an afternoon at the SPA ! for my troubles. well i thought this was verey nice so i gladly accepted and then they asked me to sign a  Realease of Liability ok so no problem i sign i get me lil certificate and off i go to swim with the dolphins. we return a 5PM and we have a dry room HORRAY! ! ! great so 1 day left a half day at the spa fpr me and the wife nice ending to a not so nice vacation..we Dress and go out to a nice Carib BBQ down by the beach no lobster ( the man tells me there is a shortage of lobster on the island ) steak well ok i guess it could be called that ground chuck is better .... ans chicken dry tasteless chicken.... no NO NOOO it gets better.. or should i say worse. Friday morning i call to make Resv. @ the spa ! ok they tell me i need to bring them the Cert. so on to the tram .....o did i mention this place is as big as 2 disney parks... they have a tram to get you around it is so big ....but the trams only go to areas then you have to find the right place by luck or map. ok so i find the spa i walk about 1/4 mile to get there and the lady tells me the Certy i have is only good for use of the private pools and sauna and steam room. you know pools heat and sweating I asked about the massage we were promised ?? she told me go talk to the guest relations lady. ..... ok walk back to GR and wait 45 mins to speak to her and she tells me to come back in 2 hours and she will have it all fixed... ok here it comes ~~~~2Hrs 10 mins later i return ........ She's gone for the day. ! but she did leave me a slip good for 2 massages but ther SPA is booked up and i leave @ 7:30 am on the next morning. so i guess they are assuming i'll use them on my next visit????? they must be kidding me!!!! ********************************************************************* OK here is an overview of my visit to  Gran Bahia Principe Punta CanaROOM FLOODED 3 NIGHTS 2 DIFFERANT REST. RuN OUT OF LOBSTER  ( lobster shortage on a carib island) HAD TO CLEAN MY OWN ROOM 2 X's Wind like i was in the wizard of oz. DailyWatered down drinksNO ONE SPEAKS ENGLISH ! they round everything up to the next dollar price on lotion in hotel lobby $7.32 they ring it up the computer says $7.32 they turn to you and say $8 The food was good not great but good VERY BIG to many people to much ! had to be aprox 2000 rooms SIT DOWN MEALS ~ your all inclusive package you get resv. to 2 or 3 or 4 of the sit down rest. well you'll find that they are all booked and always booked yet we went to a few to see if we could walk in ...the places were 1/2 full but they told us they were booked solid. they push you to buffet to keep cost down. so on a scale of 1 ~ 101 being HELL 10 being best Vacation ever ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~food a 4 rooms a 1service a 3 Guest services a 2 overall i give this resort a { 2 } Dont go worst vacation i've ever had and we go on vacation 4 times a year from the carib to Disney .  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Draude8
<Content>Just nice. We stayed at the Bahia Prinicipe the week of April 21 thru April 28 . It is a very big and nice resort. We suposed to stay in Bavaro side but due to overbooking they gave us Club Premier room. The farest place to the beach but quietly and clean with a private pool. We had 4 a la carte rezervations but we used only 2 because the buffet was ok and we didn't like the food at the restaurants. (the Italian one was a joke).The drink was ordinary to poor. If you want something good you have to pay extra.The room it's very nice. Big and clean with everything you need inside. The a.c. is very eficient.The pools and the beach OK too. Big and clean, but the towels looked very used and need to be replaced. The watersports are allmost missing. 6 days from 7 we had red flag and everything was on the ground. Don't forget this is an Atlantic Ocean's beach and the waves are big enough. Diving and deep sea fishing are just wasting time and money.All in all it was nice but I would not go back again...  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	2	5	4	4	1	

<Author>yanks05
<Content>Huge Resort- but veryyy well kept We just got back from the Bahia!. Our weather was so so which was a disspointment. We had sun and rain almost every dayFirst and foremost. This hotel is enormous!!I There are many villas that you have to take a trolley to get to. WE upgraded to golden which I highly recomment for a few extra $. BY being a golden member, we were closest to the beach, had our beach towels replaced every day by the staff, two Bottles of water!! and our own reception area to make reservations, checkout, etc. If you speak english, please brush up on your spanish because the staff speak littler english. We especially had a problem when asking quesitons on how to use our safe, and transportation to the airport Our room was umbelievable! Very spacious( golden room) jacuzzi, shower, big vanity. We loved our room! FOOD- The food was decent, buffets were geared towards european but being from america, we were able to make due. The breakfast was great, lunch everything is the same no matter where you ate. That was a negative. You couldnt go anywhere diffrent for lunch. I am not a fan of eating hot food when I am in the sun all day so I felt there wasnt enough variety .We did ala carte dinners all week. The restaurants were very good! We ate at four places: Japanese, Steak, Italian, and Mexican. Mexican was our favorite! The Italian was good too!Drinks- As stated in another review, The drinks were extremely watered down. You have to tell the bartenders more alchohal. The Mexican restaurant had the best margaritas !BEACH- excellentBeach pool- very good there are lots of pools. we stayed at the one closest to the beach!We didnt have a problem finding chairsNightlife- There are theme shows everything. This huge hotel has its own village of shops during the day and entertainment late at night. The casino is not worth visiting and the disco was a great time.The only negative is, it opens at midnight and closes at 2. The disco has its own dancers to dance with guests. We felt like were at the resort in the movie dirty dancing!! Positives- rooms, a la carte dinners, pool, beach, breakfast buffetnegatives- way too big, confusing, we didnt know there were two lobbies until day two of our vacation- the lobbies are identical mirror images of eachother, lunch buffet  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>sunsunsunVancouver
<Content>Great service, great resort! We just returned from our stay April 19-26 2007. We were very impressed with the value of our package. We stayed in the Royal Golden section. I've never seen such service. The staff were all hard working a friendly. I contribute this to high staffing levels. You'll feel like a celebrity here. The dinners were very high end when you get your limited reservations for the a la carte. The remaining buffets were decent to poor depending which ones. The ones near the beach were a waste of space, although the fresh fruit is always great wherever. The size of the resort was a great thing. They have the nicest biggest beach out of all the hotels we saw. You walk a lot and that's good because you really can't go off the resort in Punta Cana. We checked out some other resorts but they eye your bracelet and ask you to leave.We saw a few weddings but this is more a place for kids than weddings. We were a young couple and enjoyed the place but I'd do a wedding at Majestic or Riu Palace where they're set up for that much better. Our advice...DONT GO ANY TIME NEAR RAIN SEASON! The week before was sweet so we heard. We saw two layers of cloud the whole time. I wondered why all the pictures I saw had clouds. This place has partial clouds or full cloud coverage. We saw 2 decent days on our trip and got pretty much soaked with rain. I'm a sun lover and don't go for food etc. so I'd return here only in the dry season. A great resort for families and older couples. You'll be a little out of place if you're younger but still love it. If you're single..haha....not your bag. Cheers.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sams0nite
<Content>Complete Battery Recharge!!!!       Huge rooms  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>t4me2
<Content>Great, Great, Great!!! Just returned from a 4 day stay at the Gran Bahia Principe. I have to personally thank everyone who took the time to post reviews to this site. I read hundreds of them before leaving and felt well prepared and knew what to expect once I got there. For the most part, everything that I'd read was accurate. The resort is HUGE (I can't tell you the number of times I got lost or thought I was on the Punta Cana side and was actually on the Bravo side). I flew from Baltimore on USA 3000. The flight was wonderful. I'd actually booked my air fare and hotel reservations seperately and received a better deal than I would have had I booked a package. The plane was filled with travelers who'd book through Apple Vacation. Because I didn't do a package, I had to arrange and pay for transportation to and from the airport and resort. I found a company online, S.T. Silva, and paid $90 round trip for the service. When we landed in Punta Cana, went through Customs and retrieved our bags, someone from the transportation company was there waiting with a sign to take us to the resort. All I had to do was give him my printed confirmation (more about this later). The ride to the resort was exactly 30 minutes and uneventful (probably the most intriguing thing was seeing a soldier on the side of the road with a M16 rifle). We arrived at the resort and were informed that we'd be given VIP status. I wasn't sure what that meant but was appreciative. We were assigned to Villa 7, room 7302, which was fairly close to the beach (although to see the ocean, we had to stretch really far over our balcony and look to the left and in between the tops of the trees, we could see water!). The room was very nice and clean with towel scuptures and fresh flowers on the bed and the bathroom counter. Shortly after arriving, 2 gentlemen knocked on the door and delivered fruit and dessert trays, and bottles of champagne and rum. Someone else came while we were away and left a gift bag with golf shirts and hats in them. I guess that's what we got for being VIP. The air conditioner worked too well. There was a white box by the front door that controlled the air and everything else electrical. Whenever you removed the card from the white box, everything shut off. At night the room was too cold. There was a refrigerator, which didn't get very cold,stocked with 2 beers, 2 bottles of water, and 4 sodas. On the second day, we left our housekeeper a note asking for a lot of water and beer along with $5. When we returned to the room, there were 12 beers and 6 bottles of water, a very clean room with clean towels and fresh flowers. We had a different housekeeper after the second day, left her the same note with $5, she wasn't as generous as the first one. We didn't see any mosquitos and were not bitten. We ate at the main buffets, the Japanese and the French restaurants. I'm a VERY picky eater and I really enjoyed all of the food. The main buffets (on both sides) did have a weird smell as others have noted. The Japanese restaurant was really, really good. The French restaurant was just OK for me. I ordered the sea bass with squid. We had lunch one day at the Mexican restaurant which was good. There was paella which was good with the exception of the lobster in it. It was very mushy. We had breakfast one day at the outdoor restaurant on the beach. I really had a hard time with people in their bathing suits (with no cover-ups) and bare chested hairy men in speedos at the buffet. I really couldn't get with that. So, for me, the food was just OK. We missed dinner one night because we'd had a late lunch. When we started to get hungry, everything was shutting down so I remembered the VIP status thing and called for room service. I was told that room service was not a part of our accommodations...so much for VIP status (needless to say, we went to bed hungry). The beach is beautiful. You do have to reserve a prime spot early (we got to the beach every morning around 6:30); however, there are chairs available mid-morning as well. There were some topless women but it wasn't a big deal. Saw the Michael Jackson show which was really good. Spent some time in the casino and probably lost about $130 over 2 days. Not worth it but the weather was so bad I couldn't leave. That's another thing, it rained everyday we were there. The first day for only about 1 hour, the second day, it rained for about 6 hours straight, a cold, hard, windy rain (that's when I got stuck in the casino). Then, a little bit for the next couple of days. The weather report did say rain but I've been to the Carribean many times and know what that means so I really didn't expect any. Boy was I wrong this time!!!We were able to check out with no problem, However, I'd remembered the night before that I was supposed to call the transportation company to confirm our pick-up time. The person who met us at the airport did not return my print out so I had no information to call with. I spoke with the person at the front desk about it, she sent me outside to the bell hops who sent me to guest services who sent me to where you book your tours who sent me back to guest services who sent me back to the front desk who sent me back to the bell hops. It was a nightmare. No one could tell me anything. Finally it didn't matter that I'd pre-paid to be picked up...I just need to get to the airport. I asked about catching a taxi and no one could tell me where to go. After all of this and about 45 minutes of running around, I look and the van from S.T. Silva (the transportation company) is pulling up. They had may name and everything and took me to the airport with no problem. All-in-all, I had a wonderful vacation,. I would go back in a heartbeat and highly recommend this resort .  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>ericaube
<Content>The best Resort in 10 years...!!!       A group picture before leaving  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ecnelson
<Content>Perfect getaway at Bahia Principe! We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe from April 13- 19 and loved it! The resort is immaculate and has everything you could ask for. We had perfect weather every day (about 85 degrees and sunny). The only day that it rained at our resort, we had taken the Saona Island trip (about two hours from Punta Cana 鈥?see below) and avoided the rain. We booked through Apple Vacations and we had access to the entire resort (Bavarro, Punta Cana and Premier sections).AT PUNTA CANA AIRPORT: They make you purchase a Tourist Visa for $10 at one counter and hand it right back at another counter, pretty silly. Once you get your luggage, you proceed to the exit, that鈥檚 where the baggage guys are that want to help you 鈥?avoid these guys as their only concern is getting money from you. They see your travel agency sticker or tag and yell it out, making you think that they鈥檙e representing the company. We fell for it and they just led us about 20 feet to our Apple Vacations counter. AT BAHIA PRINCIPE: Check-in was quick and easy and we made sure to pay for our room safe at that time 鈥?about $35 for the week. Our room was beautiful and in a great location, about midway between the lobby and the beach 鈥?central location was perfect because this resort is enormous! We had some gifts waiting for us in the room 鈥?T-shirts, rum, trinkets, etc鈥?and the view was very nice from Villa 10.Tip the chambermaids everyday (we left $2) and they will gladly replenish your mini-bar with your requests, turndown your bed, leave fresh flowers and plenty of water bottles and towels. FOOD: Make any dinner reservations for the specialty restaurants first thing. There are 8 at the resort and they all fill up. We loved the Seafood restaurant, nicest staff, best food and atmosphere. When you make reservations at Guest Services, they give you reservation tickets. Bring these with you to the restaurant 鈥?we didn鈥檛 the first night and the hostess at the Dominican Restaurant didn鈥檛 know what to do without it. We always tipped a few dollars after our meals but I noticed many guests did not.The buffet restaurants are all great, literally anything you can think of was offered. We had access to the Premier Club located at the front of the resort and we liked that buffet best 鈥?less traffic and quieter. We also like that pool the best for the same reasons.My boyfriend ate anything he wanted and never had a problem. I have a more sensitive stomach and did need Imodium once or twice.TRIPS: We took the 鈥淥utback Safari鈥?day trip and loved it. We had a great tour guide, Eddie, who knew everything about the island of Hispanola and taught us a lot. We visited a typical home, a grade school, and cocoa and coffee plantations. You end the trip boogie boarding huge waves on a beautiful beach before heading home. It was very educational and nothing we would have seen had we just laid on the beach all week. Our other excursion was the Saona Island trip. It鈥檚 advertised as a day on a secluded island with virgin beaches and relaxation. Reality is, it鈥檚 an hour and a half bus ride to a catamaran, and an hour and a half boat ride to the island where you only have two hours to relax and you鈥檙e with at least 300 other people. The bus ride back is even worse because you鈥檙e wet and tired. It makes for an extremely long day and it鈥檚 really not worth it. We both agreed that we would have rather relaxed poolside at our own resort. TIPS: We read many reviews before leaving, all said to pack bug repellant for the 鈥渉orrible mosquitoes鈥?-- we didn鈥檛 see any. Every night we would eat outside and walk around the resort and never had any problems. We never did walk on the beach at night though, maybe that鈥檚 where they are. We also read that the chair reserving was a big problem and that if you wanted good ones, you had to be out there at 6am. We would stroll out to the beach or pool around 9am and never had a problem getting good chairs.The restaurants say formal dress. They ask that men wear pants (no jeans). We dressed accordingly but saw many people wearing whatever they wanted. No big deal.Be sure to pack enough sunscreen and aloe lotion. I ran out of my sunscreen and stopped in the lobby shop to pick some up. What is normally about $6 in the states was a $20 bottle of sunscreen! I thought it was a mistake, but evidently not. Don鈥檛 buy cigars or shells on the beach. Our travel agent told us that often vendors walking around on the beach are actually selling dirt wrapped in banana leaves. There is a perfectly fine cigar shop at the resort. There are many vendors selling beautiful Conch shells 鈥?customs won鈥檛 let you take these out of the country. Same for 151 rum.My boyfriend speaks enough Spanish to have a conversation and they loved that. I would see some people blatantly saying 鈥渘o Spanish, only English鈥?which I thought rude. It鈥檚 clear that they appreciate any effort on your part to speak the language, even if it鈥檚 just por favor and gracias. Overall, we really enjoyed the Gran Bahia Principe. The grounds were just gorgeous, not one thing out of place. Everyone was very friendly and always making sure you were enjoying your stay. My boyfriend thought the resort was almost too big, not really a complaint, just not a small, romantic getaway if that鈥檚 what you鈥檙e looking for. I loved it and would recommend it to any and everyone!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>postiebear
<Content>Great Food Enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Our only negative comment was that the resort was very very big, not enough lounge chairs at the beach, so if you are a beach person( like we are) we had to be down at 6:00AM. The food was excellent,we did not go to any of the specialty restaurants,as making a reservation was making a commitment, which I'd rather not do on vacation. Would I go back, yes if the price was right.The people working on the resort are very friendly, very professional with the jobs they are doing.We enjoyed the evening music at the main lobby on the Punta Cana side, dispite the fact that I did see a rat. Only one, once.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coastaldude
<Content>Highly recommend this place Read all the reviews before going, agree and can see most peoples point of view, my thoughts from our stay over the last week (returned 24th April):- Don't be sad and join the towel brigade, plenty of loungers which you can drag into shade.- Yes there are a few niggles but the staff were very helpful, don't let this ruin your experience.- Tip the gardeners and maids, the rest of the staff seem to get too many tips which leads to an arrogant approach (the monority of them)- Overcrowding evidnet for rooms but around the resort you'll not notice, didnt ever feel like there were too many people, never had to que much despite resort sold out.- Watch out for the wildlife, saw nothing for 5 days but then at 4am a foot long millipede spooked the wife in the bathroom, very entertaining as I warned her after reading trip advisor reviews :-)Enjoy this place and take it from a fussy traveller, you'll have nothing to complain about...............................  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Beaches06
<Content>Very, Very Nice Resort We stay at the Bahia Prinicipe the week of April 12 thru April 19 with 3 other couples from our area. It is a very nice resort. We requested for all couples to be place in the same villas but needless to say 3 couples stayed in Villa 15 and we were stuck in Villa 11. They told us just a short walk, we believed them, but did not realize just how big this resort was. They were pool side and we were Kids club side. Not that big a deal but did request prior to leaving the states and when we arrived at the resort. This resort is very clean...I am a neat freak and the resort passes my high standards. Someone is always cleaning or polishing something. The food was OK...when you are serving that many people...it seems like repeats of main things. We had 3 al carte restaurants but managed to sneak 2 other meals because of cancellations. Check with guest services sometimes people cancel and you can get their spots!! The main buffet has a smell as soon as you walk thru the door that almost turns your stomache. By the 6th day my husband refused to eat in the buffet. The al carte are a nice change of pace and a wonderful way to end the day. Very relaxing and we never felt rushed.Beach just a past reviews states very wonderful!!We did two excursions the Samona Island - the most beautiful place I believe in the Carribean. The ride there and the big star fish were unbelievable. We also did the Outback Safari...also a nice trip for the money around 80.00 a piece. We would definetly return to this resort !!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>MelWisc
<Content>Fun for our family and a fabulous overbooking "problem" Thanks to those who wrote previous helpful reviews about GBP. This was our fourth trip to the DR over 10 years (also 2x Club Med and 1x Hilton Caribe Coral) We agree with most of the prior positive comments, especially tipping, and that t little Spanish goes a long way. We鈥檒l add these details: Bathroom amenities include shampoo (no conditioner), a shaving kit, shower cap, sewing kit and shoe shine kit. Bath towels and washcloths. Bring all your customary stomach and allergy medications along with more sunscreen than you think you鈥檒l need. We had some stomach problems which were most likely due to overindulging on the fresh tropical fruit. We saw few bugs, used our safe, and had no problems. You will encounter land crabs, lizards, and frogs on the pathways. Mosquitos could happen 鈥?take repellent. Our kids liked the shows. We went along with the kids. FYI The 鈥済ala show鈥?wardrobe is primarily thongs on all dancers.If GBP offers to send you to one of their other properties in Samana, do not hesitate. Just GO. If GBP is overbooked it鈥檚 going to be very crowded. GBP does a nice job managing crowds, but instead of the buffet line you could in a hilltop hotel overlooking a fishing village on a bay. You could be enjoying an intimate fine hotel with service and amenities on par with any US beachfront resort (the Ritz Carleton Amelia Island). Better snorkeling than GBP, all watersports, better food, all amenities of GBP, hovering friendly staff, no waiting for anything. It鈥檚 very quiet -- not enough guests to sustain a show or nightlife yet. We only stayed three days because our kids were looking for a little more tumult at the beach and in the pool. To travel there you鈥檒l also get an 鈥渆xcursion鈥?into less traveled parts of the DM. If you are traveling without kids or on a Honeymoon, go to GBP Samana in the first place!GBP food features Dominican Style cooking and local produce no matter what the theme. You鈥檙e on an island. Enjoy the truly fresh tropical fruit and fantastic breads. The 鈥渓obster鈥?that many complain about is actually a large crayfish abundant around the islands. It鈥檚 not North Atlantic lobster and will never taste like it. If you have a favorite hibachi style Japanese restaurant at home, skip the Japanese restaurant. Otherwise book a late seating so as not to be rushed. If going on excursions do take 鈥済ifts鈥?for the local children who you will encounter at transfer points. Clothes, hats, flipflops, small toys. Do avoid candy and money. Give the items to a responsible adult to discourage begging. 鈥淣o manos鈥?(No hands) is a direct way to tell persistant kids to stop. Upon check-out we left about 陆 of our clothes behind for the maid with a note briefly describing the items and giving her permission to take them. We started out in a ground floor room in building 7, went to Samana for 2 nights and returned to an identical (room and amenities) Gold Club room in building 2 at no additional charge. We think Gold Club is not worth it unless you really need robes, slippers, and turndown service. Premier Club is a long walk or tram ride to the beach. Heed all other reviews about the size of this resort. If you don鈥檛 want to have a very long walk or tram ride to the beach be sure your room is on the beach side of the 鈥淓co area鈥? Yes, at this resort the early bird gets the beach chair and umbrella鈥攌eep your sense of humor, set the alarm, and use a beach towel plus a large personal item to save your spot. Some very unpleasant men occupied our towel-only spot one morning while we were at breakfast, claiming it was empty (yet could not explain why they had (our) extra towels with them). OTOH, don鈥檛 be too early -- another day my DH put out our towels and beach toys at 4:30 am one morning only to have the beach staff pick them up for the lost and found. About 6 am should do it. If you sleep in, try the far right or left of the beach area or behind the BBQ restaurant. And yes, be nice and clear out if you鈥檙e not going to use the spot. No problems after 3 pm. The beach was not good for snorkeling (sand in the water obscured visability) while we were there. If you plan to snorkel take your own equipment. Consider taking inflatable rafts or noodles (great for chair saving) from the Dollar Store and leave them there. The resort requires a $20.00 deposit for use of their Boogie boards.Topless? Until recently the DR was marketed almost exclusively to Europeans. That is how they sunbathe. Try it. Punta Cana airport food is very expensive 鈥?eat at the resort before you depart. Departure announcements are erratic 鈥?pay attention to your flight and gate. You鈥檒l be boarding up plane stairs, possibly front and back of the plane.  Unlike prior visits to the DR we paid for everything in US dollars and only got pesos back in change once. Previously the resorts  Vendors were insisting on Pesos. We hope you enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>globetrotter5
<Content>Caveat Emptor Buyer Beware...Yes, that is right, buyer be very aware of all the glowing reviews. I was booked to stay eight days and actually left three days early due to my extreme disapointment in this hotel.Problems began with my arrival...the golden club not such a glowing amber orb as promised. They promise a smooth and easy check-in, yeah, not so much. I waited over an hour to just talk to someone about where to check in, then tried to check in and had to wait another two hours to not only get keys (that i can understand my room was not ready....) but no one would give me info on anything about the hotel. i had to sit in the lobby- no food no drink no access to anything for over three hours. No one would even speak to me.Once i actually got my room, i was pleased. It was very clean. The woman who cleaned my room was amazing and quite lovely. I was sure to leave grand gratuity for both the morning and evening staff. They do go above and beyond the call of duty.The beach at this resort is awesome. I walked for miles and miles and in comparison to other resorts in the area, Gran Bahia defineltly surpasses the rest. You do need to reserve your space at about 7AM at both the pool and ocean front. this is a large and very busy resort so do not expect to find a seat past 10AM. Guest are very respectful and seem to follow a general code of conduct aka...towel on the back of your seat means it is taken.Another good thing was the service staff for all meals. They were all so lovely and generous and kind. All my request were met with a huge smile.The negatives...the food was horrible. You have the same choices of food morning noon and nite no matter what place you eat. It is all the same. Room service late nite has no non pork options. I survived on mostly bananas i had to steal at the breakfast buffets.Drinks are watered down and rather welcome to college spring break (unless you go to the hotel lobby and tip the waitresses really really well).Getting a bottle of water is like requesting the deed to someones home. you can get plastic cups of water at the bars, but your mini bar will only be stocked with one bottle a day. Another serious problem i had was at the end of my trip. I checked out with travelers checks. I went to eat breakfast before my car arrived and when i went to get my bag, the bell boy actually grabbed my arm and told me he was taking me to reception- rather violently. i couldnt understand what was going on, esp his aggressive behavior. the manager of the golden club acused me of forging a signature on my travelers check. He had seen my passport and i.d and social security card and still acused me of forging a signature. Finally, one of his peers stepped in and vouched that it was in fact the same signature. It drove me to actually cry in front of several guests because i was so scared and humiliated. i ended up missing my flight due to the hour tied up trying to prove my identity.I had so many issues with this hotel. I would never return. The service (except for room cleaning and food staff) is quite horrific for a five-star hotel. Bottom-line.. if you are looking for disney-land esque huge and therefore lack of service oriented place to stay, go. You will have an amazing time. If you have a bit of taste and kind of want to enjoy your stay--as you did pay a bit more to stay here..buyer beware it just is not worth it.I would recommend the Riu Occidentale (resort adjacent).  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	2	3	1	3	2	

<Author>4familyLisboa
<Content>Enjoyable stay for the second time       Left side of the Hotel beach  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>murtan
<Content>Awesome holiday Well we just got back from staying at the Bahia Principe and loved the entire experience! Check in was so so as we did not know we had been upgraded to diamond club and could have checked in at the special area for diamond guests. We were served a great fruit drink while we waited in line to check in and were very pleased with our room when we got there. Our room had been prepared with the air conditioning already one so it was a nice break from the heat. The heat is hot hot hot plus humid so you will want many bathing suits and wraps. If you don't own wraps don't fret as you can get any color you want down in the Dominican at the local shops or in the flee market. (approx 30 min walk down the beach) Our room was way larger than any suite we have stayed in in Canada and was kept very clean. We were on the third floor and over looked one of the swimming pools. We were a little ways from the beach and main pool but that was ok as we were on vacation and didn't mind taking our time to get any where. This resort is very large and they have trams for you to catch to every where you would want to go so you don't have to do lots of walking if you don't want to. There are 3 different breakfast and lunch buffets you can eat at every day and then if you are diamond club or greater you can have 4 plus a la carte dinnes. To get close to the beach you will have to upgrade through your travel agent and from what I understand this costs a lot more and I don't feel it is worth the upgrade for the few little extras you get. We were entiled to 4 a la cartes but only ate at 3 as we didn't want to be eating at 8-9 pm for our dinner. They are difficult to get the times you want at the most popular ones so book when you get there. We ate at the Greek, Japanese and French. They were all good but I still prefered the buffet over the a la cartes as I like to sample a little ove everything. The buffet is nver boring as it has a different menu every night. You have Domincan night, Italian night ect... There is always some of the same at the buffet so it shouldn't be hard for even a picky eater to find something. I have read that is doesn't taste like at home in some reviews, and it shouldn't!! I would have been disapointed going to another country and everything tasted like at home. Remember you are in another country. I loved almost all the soups served, my fav was pumpkin.( I had never had it before) Hubby is a good ole Alberta boy and likes beef, chicken, pork and potatoes and he was more than satisfied every meal. We went with no real expectations and were not disapointed. We did see gechos (spellling ??) and two cock roches while we were there, again these creatures are like daddy long leg spiders here in Alberta (native creatures) never near food or in our rooms though. I found the resort tried hard to entertain their guest with pool games beach activites and in the main lobby. The night entertainment was cute and we never did make it to the disco as it didn't open till 12 am and we were exhausted by that time. We did get up very early to get spots at the beach and if we couldn't find shade we hung out in the water when we got to hot from the sun. Chairs always seemed to open up so it wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be. The sea water is amazing, nice and warm and very salty so little ones might get tummy aches from drinking to much. When you get out of the water you will find salt dried on you there are showers between the beach and pool to rinse the sand and salt off you. The flea market is fun but I got tired of hearing cheapy cheapy come see my store If you aren't good at bartaring or don't like to then don't go. A hint, when they give you a price on their calculator you type in exactly half or less and go from there. Many of the merchants knew french german and english. Some had so so english but we could get by. We loved the beaches except for the smokers that threw their buts all over the beach. The hotle did a fairly good job at trying to rake every morning to clean it up but it would help if smokers could be considerate. That was our biggest issue in the resort was the smoking. You are able to smoke pretty much every where. I just have gotten so use to it here in Alberta where our buildings are smoke free so it was a little annoying that we had to keep moving to get out of the smokes way. But tht is our problem not the resorts. The workes in the resort may be there 12 + hours so do try to be friendly , tipping is not required to get good service but it sure can put a big smile on there faces to get a dollar or two every now and then. We always left something for our maid but again it is not required. We also took a bunch of old clothes and dollar store items to hand out. We went on two tours, the Caribbean snorkling and the Bavaro Runners. Would go back on the Bavaro runners again but found the snorkling to be a wate of money and would just go from the guys offering it at the beach if I were to do it again. OUr guid on the other tour let us hand out our gifts but not all do. You can hand out near the end at the supermarket if your guid wont let you throught the trip. I feel this was a great vacation and want to go back. Hope this helps you.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>bhzmhz
<Content>High expectations had a great time We traveled with our 2 children 13 and 11. Just got back this morning. My wife and I have been all over the Carebean, and Hawaii. We had a great time and we make the best of every situation, we are not negative peaple, but the reviews we read were very helpful, and thats what I'll try to do. Late fight arrived @ 7:30 arrived at the Hotel @ 8:30. Too late, you need daylight to try to get your bearings with this huge resort. When we got off the plane you are mombed by Dominica men trying to get your luggage, I have read previous reviews saying just to ingnore, we did that and saw an apple rep and he said Juan will help you. It wasnt an apple rep they were just helping the porters get some luggage. Oh well. Crazy drive to the airport, we were Golden members they said express check in, went to the lobby the said check in over there, no signs how are we supposed to know. Once we arrived everybody EXPECTED tips, I understand they are a poor country, but I am doing an all inclusive, I dont want to have to worry about carrying money around all the time, I will tip @ the end of the week if the service is good. We found Dominican men are very disrespectfull, rude, and are trashy. If you dont tip you will hear them when you walk away, saying something about you. If you take a tour, as we did a speedboat / snorkeling tour, the men will approach the bus gaucing @ your wife and 13 year old daughter shouting inapproapiate things, we dont need that. The Island is trash, dirty, nasty, smelly. Stay in the resort. The resort people were even hitting on my daughter and wife, toatally innapropriate, and unproffesional. The resort is 60% Canadians, 30% French, and 10% US. My impression is they do not like Americans, and we did hear people say that. Obviously, the Canadians are great, but the French people will not give you the time of day, they wont even look at you, but I guess thats expected. In the morning I would get up about 6:30 to reserve chairs, then go back to sleep till 8:30 get everyone up, go to breakfast @ the ocean buffet. Dont get me wrong it is an excellent experience to share this time with my family, I am just giving you the facts. The breakfast buffet, had undercooked sausage, bacon, slimy eggs. We then went to the pool all day. It was crowded but we didnt mind, had a great time. You did see how the French people acted though. They would let their kids run ramped. Without a care, if they are bothering anyone trying to relax, just as long they didnt have to deal with them. One father let his child sit in the chair and screem @ the top of his lungs for 30 mins, instead of taking the child out of the pool area, he interuped everyones relaxation time. The lunch buffet @ the pool was, red hamburgers, hotdogs, pizza with ketchup on them, and overcooked beef in gravey, every day. Dinners, were very good, even the buffets. I was very concerned with all the reviews about getting sick, I have a very weak stomac, we do like to drink and I thought the ice in the drinks would be bad. Not true the water @ the restruarants and the ice is all filtrated, we even brushed our teeth with the tap water no problems. My wife did 6 open water scuba dives, and my daughter did one, they had a great time. Then the day every traveler hates, the day of departcher. After reading reviews everybody said no problem. The first day I torn my tendon in my knee playing voleyball on the beach, so my mobility wasnt that good, this is not the place to be not being able to walk good. We had a late fight out 9pm, so we were going to enjoy our last day the best we could. Again got up @ 6:30 reserved our chairs, @ 9am decided to get the check out process out of the way. We were in villa 60 right by the beach, farthest away from the lobbies. I waited for the tram didnt come after 15mins, so I decided to hobble, to the next tram stop, still no tram, I kept walking. The property is approx 1.5 miles long, I finally got to the one lobby waiting in line, they said no you have to got to the other lobby, waiting in line she said you cant check out until we have your luggage and safe key, waited in line for a bell boy to drive me back get our luggage, came back waited in line @ the other lobby she said you need to check out @ the Golden Club, this is an hour and half later, so much for spending the last day @ the pool. Waited in line, then had to go to the tour dept to see when we had to be in the lobby to catch the bus. Spent the rest of the day @ the pool, left for the other lobby at 3pm, to get a shower for the flight home. Stayed @ the lobby bar till 5pm to get the bus. While in the lobby we wanted to get some drinks, just to unwind, I approached the bar, and the bar tender said,  WHAT  I then started to lose patience. Knowing I am leaving the service was not there at all. The drive back was similar to the drive to, buses passing on a one lane road, mopeds coming 6 inches to the bus to see who is in there, locals yelling and gaucing at the passengers inside the bus, trash on the side of the road. GET ME HOME. Long lines at the airport, hot, when checking in the airport rep doesnt speck english, I asked for special needs, being I can not walk, and he put my family all over the plane, screwing up everyones seats. I know this review seems negative, but my family and I did have a great time, you just have to make the best out of every situation. I think we are spoiled after going to St. Lucia Sandals. St. Lucia is a very poor country as well but the people are respectful, clean, and appreciate tourism. THEY EARN THEIR TIPS, THEY DONT EXPECT THEM.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	2	3	5	

<Author>Coppya
<Content>Enjoyable holiday with too many niggles to want to go back You can a have a fantastic time here but you need to chill down before you arrive otherwise you can waste some valuable relax time on all this stuff that I'm about to go on and on about. It's a great place trying it's best to be 5 star, just not quite making it in lots of places !! Probably one of the best in the area too.Avidly read every review before we booked and then once booked carried on reading to get prepared, yet still we had problems.Firstly take any email or travel agent room request as a waste of effort. Nearly every group we talked to had an issue of sorts.Request the beach and you could be anywhere. Request Golden or Diamond:=You may not get it ,unless you travel with an agent that charges and qutoes it as booked. But then it is over subscibed. Rooms with two double beds adjacent to King rooms for children are not interconnected, and they are in short supply. Getting located next to friends also seemed to be impossible for some. This is an enormous site and any location will require walking or catching the trolley cars. We emailed ahead several times. Requested four rooms located near each other in Golden Club , close to the beach. We did really well compared to most, as we were all next to each other with one of our rooms having two double beds, BUT Not in Golden Club, and the furthest building from the beach in section 19 ! Air Con. not working in one room and one room needing fumigation .We stayed there !! Reception was a wash with peoplre asking for something. THEY WERE TOTALLY OVER BOOKED.Offerring $400 dollars a room a night to go to Barcelo Princess or $200 dollars a room to go on a free 2 night excursion.Next you hear that people have been upgraded for free 'cause it was only room available. It truly is caotic room planning. They do check you in on the coach though which is great.(OR perhaps that's to reduce the complainants that will just settle and accept their lot once the realisation comes that they're half a mile away from reception !!!) Reception are very used to complaints , don't spoil your holiday ,don't waste your energy...Just stand wait and refuse to move away and get the card of anyone that's makes a promise.THE HOTELSplit into Bavaro and Punta Cana sides.Golden Club P Cana and Diamond Club Bavaro, both being better service accommodation with access to the diamand pools and extras eating options, as in an x1 extra evening specaility , +access to the Italien for breakfast and lunch, plus room service.This hotel is mammoth with 5000 people at least when full which is why you are seeing the sunbed problem in every review. Yes an alarm call for 5.50 am just before the trolley cars start to get you to the beach to reserve shade !All the speciality restaurants to a good job in providing a smaller atmoshere for dinner, Each side of the hotel has a French, Japonese, and it's own Buffet.Then shared amongst all is, the Italien, fish, mexican, medditarranean, Las Olas (BBQ) and Dominican restaurants for Dinner, plus numerous venues for varing levels of choice from the same menu for lunch. Some restaurants also open for lunch. Fish mexican.Breakfast can be your own main buffet, the Olas Buffet or Fish and Mexican and Italien, dependant whether you're in Golden or Diamond as to whether you are allowed in ! Being an ex bahia Principe customer they had upgraded us to VIP Diamond with a Silver wristband , so we could use all, thank goodness !!Our choice of restaurants in order , rated for food content then service Italien b,fast, lunch and DinnerFrenchJaponeseFish B,fast , lunch, DinnerMexican B.fast, lunch, DinnerBuffet main depends on the themeMeditarraneanDominicanLas Olas 1 B,fast, lunch ,Flies and the same every dayLas Olas 11 Lunch, flies and more choice of the same every dayLas Olas 1 BBQ Dinner. Las Brisas LunchTipping gets you far when service is concerned, so would advise a regular pattern and tip to enable a loyalty to build up!!The wristband segradtion did not affect us , some were happy with the main stream facilities and some were unhappy but it seemed a pot luck situation on many things, even as simple as getting towels or room cleaning or not !Bars, drinks and table service readily avalable everywhere, again such variation as to what mix of a drink you might get but that was half the fun, again tipping helps here.Main lobby bar and theatre bar close at 11.00 pm and all activity moves accross to the Plaza, for disco starts at 12.00pm and Showbar , kareoki type things.Burger bar opens at 10pm, Piano bar also a quieter option over there throughout the evening. All included, you only pay drinks in the Casino.Lots of stalls here and just as good a choice and price than anywhere else that we saw, remember to divide by price 4 on anything you see there and haggle.Spa very good, treatments all excellent but everything, even the Sauna circuit is chargableGym small and very ltd but FreeTennis, bycycles, most watersports all free but very busy and you need to book for the cooler times. Mini golf almost impossible btween 11-4 due to heat.Banana boats parasailing etc, that you pay for, also was a 3 day wait, so it's a bit like Disney you have to plan ahead.....Ckidren's Club is run by realy kids friendly staff. Beach and Sea are fantasticOUR ADVICE for what it's worth in this hit and miss environment.Punta Cana SideGolden ClubBook your restaurants ASAPPlan trips around these, they are easier to sort.Use the speciality restaurants for B.fast and lunch.Take an alarm clockTake bug spray( NB Bugs come in on the maids flowers also)It's so big no.one would notice if you wore the same shirt all week! Dress code is NOT upheld as in long trouser for men and boys. Pack Light.Take small 1$ for tippingTake A. Dollars it's easierTake toiletry or cheapy branded merchandise with you for gifts.Take something old but bright to establish your space on the beach with the towels, it gets competative even at 6.00 am !Comfy shoes not your new ones you've just brought !!Sunblock 40 or above is absolutely needed here.No liquid allowed back into airport as in UK so you cannot easily prepare for the 3 HR wait at the airport and everything needs packing in your luggage.First Choise is an excellent choice as operater, great flights ,arrangements etc. but you'll not get GOLDEN at peak times.Lots of deep and uneven depth stairs around, many staircases with no handrails caution to take elderly without a wheelchair.Take Immodium, you will need it.TRIPSCarribean wonders/ fantasies it's called many things by diferent reps (the trip with sharks) is very good, main man is from Cuba and he'll make sure that you have a great afternoon.Quads exellentHorse riding GoodSunset boatrip at 3.30 Pm is simple but good.Soanan Island is a very long day and LTD shade, be caerefull lunch is LTD but is it is a good value full day with some great moments.WOW I've gone on and still I could keep going.Plan this trip like Disney and once there chill and enjoy. We had a great time with great friends and our children will hold happy memories but we wouldn't go backe. Some of the food experinces were great ,The Japonese showpiece was amazing. french is so authentic , really good.Feel happy to contact for any specifics and thank you to all who helped me via this site.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	-1	3	3	4	

<Author>Liferb
<Content>Fabulous hotel This was our second visit to Punta Cana having previously stayed at the Melia Caribe a couple of years earlier. We were worried that compared to the Melia this hotel would disappoint but overall this is a lovely hotel that caters for all travellers.Although a large resort you can walk from reception to beach within 15 mins or jump on one of the regular trains that run every 10 mins or so. We chose to walk due to the large amount of food and alcohol we were consuming!There were lots of families with small children who appeared to be well catered for entertainment wise with discos and performers in the early evening. Equally for those parties who wanted to eat and drink until 6am in the morning the Carribean village area accomodated these needs also!We went on the trip to swim with sharks which was a big disppointment. As scuba divers we had higher expectations and assumed it would be an open water experience. In reality the sharks and sting rays are held within a small pen in the middle of the ocean which does little to resemble their natural habitat.We found booking into the restaurants very easy despite the fact that the hotel was very busy - every room full! Everyone we spoke to had different views on which were the best ones to eat at! We enjoyed the French and the Mexican (we ate at all but the seafood) but to be honest the food was similar at all of the restaurants.The hotel is very popular with Canadians, Italians and Spanish who really know how to party!! The British appeared to be in the minority or you didnt notice them above the noise of the Canadians! The beach front pools are very busy and noisy with entertainment and drinking competions etc. However if you want to avoid this you can move onto the beach which is much quieter and also cooler due to the breeze. Also the pools within the complex are very quiet and ideal for relaxing. The beach was beautiful but the sea was spoilt somewhat by the masses of seaweed. Never seen so much of the stuff! May have been brought in by recent storms.If you plan to do any scuba diving be warned that you probably wont want to dive at the hotel even if the conditions allow (they didnt when we were there). Instead you have to make a lengthy trip to Caterina island. We didnt bother as it seemed like too much hard work in the heat!In all this holiday was great value for money and everyone we saw appeared to have a fabulous experience. The resort is beautiful and the food and drink plentiful!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lovinthesun24
<Content>loved it!! I stayed at this resort and absolutely loved it. Everything was wonderful..although the ladies at the gift shop were like watchdogs and very annoying. I do have a comment to make about a previous review that was posted though. It really annoys me to read about people comparing a resort in the Dominican Republic to hotels and restaurants from (in this case the States). Obviously the bed linens are not going to be the same as linens you would find in the Hilton in the states, and the restaurants are not going to be the same standard as any Japanese steakhouse in the states...if you wanted the same quality..maybe you should've stayed in the states.All in all..i loved the resort and would go back again!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>chipmunk2127
<Content>Very Nice       Beach from hotel  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>RoyaleWC
<Content>Nice resort, average food was our only complaint My wife and I and two children ages 11 and 8 vacationed at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana April 5th-12th, 2007. We travelled with another couple and their two children of the same age. If you have read any reviews you already know that this resort is huge. It was a little big for my taste but it wasn't a real problem. The trams are quite convienent for getting from one end to the other. We stayed in the Club Golden section and if I were ever to go back I'd stay there again. It is much closer to the beach. We were in Villa 23 which was close to the main pool and beach.We did get up early, around 6:30am, to reserve a palapa at the beach. Even at that time the prime spots were usually already taken. I'm sure if you waited much longer you wouldn't get a spot with some shade.The food was our only real complaint. I've stayed at quite a few all-inclusive resorts so I know not to expect gormet food. However the food here just wasn't all that good. You could usually find something to suit your taste so at least nobody went hungry. My wife and my friends wife each got sick once.I've found that at the all-inclusives that I've been to the a-la-carte restaurants are normally much better than the buffets.Here, even the a-la-carte restaurants were just average. I'd say the Japanese was the best. The food at the French was pretty good but it took over two hours! Not good when dining with kids.The Garden Grille (steakhouse) was pretty bad. And we didn't make our reservation to the Itailian, I'm sure we didn't miss much. The buffets were okay, the steaks had a decent taste but were very fatty and way undercooked. Lots of variety at the buffets so you'll find something that you like. We usually ate lunch at the Grill by the main pool. Again, nothing to write home about but it was convenient. You can get breakfast at the two restaurants by the main pool, but if you want made to order omelettes you need to go to the main buffet near the lobby. The drinks were fine, a little inconsistent but not too bad. If you find a bartender who makes good drinks, tip him well and he'll take good care of you all week. We really liked Ramon at the swim up bar. After reading a lot of reviews myself, I knew to bring along some insulated mugs. These were great to have and saved you trips to the bar. The first day we arrived, the mini-bar in our room was stocked with two Brahma beers, two Pepsi's, two Orage pops and two large bottles of water. We tipped the maid $4 per day along with a note Mas Cerveza por Favor. Each day after that there were 12 beers in the fridge. I was expecting El Presidente beer from everything I read but didn't get one all week. The Brahma beer was just fine though.The guys got out for a round of golf. Be forewarned....It's EXPENSIVE! We chose one of the cheaper courses, Punta Blanca, and it was $160 per person. Nice course, but I'd say not worth more than $75 back home. It's a Nick Price designed course that just opened 4 months ago. It actually straddles the resort so there is no drive time to get there. Most of the other courses are 45-90 minutes away and even more money.The Nicklaus course is $330 and the two Pete Dye courses are $225 and $250. If nothing else, bottled water, beer and even lunch after your round are free at Punta Blanca, so that takes some of the sting out of the price.The ladies decided to swim with the dolphins at Dolphin Island.In hindsight, it was a ripoff. It was $95 for 10 minutes of swim time, plus it cost the rest of us $15 per person just to spectate!And as for the spectators, you can't get within 40 feet of the pool where they are swimming. Plus it's a long drive to get there stopping at several other resorts along the way. I would not recommend this excursion at all.For the girls, our daughter wanted to get her hair braided. It costs $83 at the reosrt. If you walk down to where they do the water sports, there is a tent where they will do it for $50.The room was big and clean. The grounds are very well maintained. The pools are very nice. For such a large resort I never really felt like it was too crowded. We never really waited in any lines for drinks or food. And the beach is spectacular. Probably the nicest beach I've ever been to. Even as you walk along the beach and check out other resorts along the way, I'd say the Bahia had the nicest beach. All in all, I would recommend this resort to friends.One other thing, bring LOTS of sunscreen. $20 per bottle at the resort!Have fun, and don't sweat the negative reviews!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TPerez
<Content>The whole story All righty this is going to be long but I always appreciated being able to read others reviews. When you are here you are in paradise so any complaints are in that context. We stayed 8 nights on April 8 through April 16 Checking in was horrible the worst experience of my trip. We are a family of 5 we requested through our apple travel agent connecting rooms, one king and one with doubles, high floor, near the ocean. We got two rooms not connected but close, no where near the ocean, on the first floor, with two kings. So basically if we asked for it we got the opposite. Speaking to the manager at the hotel got me nowhere he said that was all he had, if I knew this before going I would not have gone. That being said we are in a foreign country after spending a loads of money on a vacation so I was determined to make the best of it. The weather do not pay any attention to the reports it is hot, hot. hot and humid. Can not believe it is only in the 80's it feels much hotter. Pack accordingly. Light clothes, as many bathing suits as you have, hats, flip flops and tons of sunscreen! We went through 5 bottles while there and everyone in my family got burnt at least once.(my husband is Hispanic so... yikes the sun is burning)The pools- NICE yes it is true 730 am is the latest time to reserve your chairs under a umbrella. It will not even be your first or second choice so go early they really are all reserved early.The beach - Beautiful! My husband went at 545 am to reserve a umbrella and 90% were already gone so who knows reserve before you go to bed the night before? CrazyThe food- okay I am in the fine dining business the only thing I can figure is that the people who did not like any of the food are people who are very picky and only have simple taste. If you are an adventurous eater you will always be able to find a few things that you love! The coconut ice cream is to die for!The breads are all fresh baked and sooooooo good! Make sure to make yourself a piece of toast in the morning and enjoy!Try the banana juice YUM!The fruit is fantastic!The lamb wow greatThe beef ummmm its do able maybe our version of select meatsThe pork excellentThe fish I had no luck with at all except the smoked salmon was niceokay that being said the different restaurants, do not bother to save yourself time and eat by the beaches or pools. They are not half as nice as the main buffet. Do take the time to go to the main lobby buffet for all your unreserved meals. The steak house for me was a wasted reservation, it was just too hard to communicate our orders and the meat was tough the fish was well lets just say when I heard my daughter ask for a steak knife to cut the fish we sent it back. The seafood restaurant was gross four of our meals were overcooked. Again we could not communicate with the staff. The French restaurant on the bavaro side- was okay the food that was good was great. The service not so muchThe French restaurant on the Punta Cana side WOW we went twice. I was not expecting this quality of service as well as food I can not say enough about it! Get the cheese tray for dessert YUMThe employees English is limited at best most do not understand anything. I fully am aware that we are in their country but am used to taking Mexico vacations where they do know most English or are in the process of learning. Our vacation would have been much better if we all could have communicated to the staff. I am fortunate enough to know minor words and my husband knows more but still we had many questions go un answered do to the language barrier.I had a piece of glass in my food once- that鈥檚 worth mentioning I told the waiter he did not understand and walked away with my plate.Tipping we tipped tipped and tipped. Bar or cocktail service a buck a roundOur maid service- Great! the best we have had, we read the reviews and took the advice of others. 2 bucks a day per room for the maid and twice we tipped her ten (my three year old had two accidents) as well as brought gifts for her nail polish, jewelry, lip gloss a small gift a day per each room. By the time we left she was knocking on our door and hugging us, she actually left us gifts as well, Dominican dolls. We had fresh flowers towels extra pop beer water whatever we asked for! The servers in the restaurants we tipped 2 at dinner 3 at lunch and 5 at dinner. The sit down restaurants 5 for the waiter 3 for the wine steward 2 for the bus boy and a couple to the host. It's strange to us how a couple of dollars can light up their faces so much it really does.The apple vacation rep- again the english it was rough. I did not find that they were there to help or assist us. The orientation was two minutes reviewing the map of the hotel and 25 minutes on what they could sell you! VERY DISPLEASED WITH APPLE I thought when I found out we had a representative at our hotel that they would there to insure we had a great time, nope their there to take more of your money.The markets Friday is the best day to shop because they allow outside vendors in. But before Friday comes if you can get down there and get a feel for what is going on. The prices they tell you are usually three times what they will sell it for. Just tell them 10 bucks and see where you get they play the game well ask you to type your price in their calculator, explain to you the quality blah blah blah tell them best price 15 times and you may be surprised. I can say if you pay more then half their first price you've been taken.The hotel gift shop wow crazy prices so bring sunscreen and aloe if not you will be paying 12-18 dollars for a small container. 7 bucks for a travel size baby oil so just bring all your cosmetic and possible medication needs.Don't plan on buying stuff at the airport they are also way over priced one of the vendors told us that they are now regulating the prices, and he is actually selling less much less now that he is being told what he must charge for things. Cigars coffee liquor are all less at the hotel and eat before you go unless you would like to spend 12 bucks for a Wendy鈥檚 single combo meal.Check out was fine. That鈥檚 it hope it helps enjoy your vacation!!!!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	1	5	-1	

<Author>2maple
<Content>Beautiful Breathtaking Bahia We stayed at the Bahia April 7-14. Thanks to everyone who took the time to post a review-very helpfull. The reviews are very accurate. Spotless acccomodations they are constantly cleaning everywere. Food repetitive but very good -lots of variety ,even picky people will be well pleased. The staff are generally very nice but you do get the odd one {gift shop) The beach goes for miles-white sand breathtaking ocean. The weather was an absolute 10 -sunny hot . I will try to be totally honest here . If you want a chair either at the pool or beach get one befor 6 a.m. There are no chairs to be found after this time. I read befor we left to get one by 7-8 WAY TOO LATE!!! We just had a basic room villa 36 close to the lobby and pool I got up At 6 to reserve a seat by the pool and spoke to people doing the same and we both agreed this was insane as the whole point of a vacation is to relax. This whole chair saving bussiness is stressfull. Infact my husband never left the pool area for fear of loosing our spot. I kid you not. Peole here are rude they will throw your stuff on the ground if your not around. I witnessed this. Also people pay staff to save chairs the night befor -explains alot. We tipped the maid everyday.5 bucks. We tipped a buck every drink and between 5 and 10 at dinner. We had excellent service a little politeness and manners means alot, although not many tipped at all. The problem here is not the hotel or staff it is the peole who vacation here. This hotel runs at full capacity constantly. They will offer you 200 u.s to go to one of their other hotels and throw in an excursion as well Wished we took this as it is overcrowded here  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>April_Beach_Bums
<Content>Great Resort - Sunwing Passenger Service Needs Work My wife, I and our 4 year old daughter just returned from the Bahia Principe Bavaro, March 31st - April 7th. From start to finish the experience was the best. (Except for Sunwing...keep reading).We e-mailed the resort before our stay with some requests, even with the resort being at capacity they met our requests and exceeded our expectations by upgrading us to Club Diamond which was really nice. The extra a la carte was very nice to have and private pool was much quieter and relaxing than the main pools. The only activities around the pool were quiet ones like watermelon carving and a SPA demonstration.The Resort: Very big but very efficient in handling the large volume of people, lots of friendly staff always ready to help out. It never felt like there were as many people as there really was there, they have enough staff to handle the volume. There is a great trolley system to move you around when you don't feel like walking in the heat. Our daughter even got to drive up front with one of the trolley drivers which she loved!The Buffet: The main buffet is large; nobody we talked to complained about the food, there is lots of variety and always something to suit anyone鈥檚 taste. Try the chocolate...anything chocolate...who knew the Dominican chocolate was so good.The A La Cartes: Japanese was our favorite, the BBQ was good, so many people say it isn't but we really enjoyed it, the Italian is amazing for lunch and dinner.The Beach: Beautiful, just like the pictures. Pretty clean considering the number of people on the beach, there were always guys cleaning it up. Go early one morning and watch the sunrise, and make sure you go before breakfast and claim your spot, you don't need to get up at an ungodly hour to do this, if you do it before 8am then you are all set.The Entertainment: Our daughter didn't go to the Mini Club, and if you go and look at the actual club its not much, but we talked to parents who's children did go and the kids loved it, they couldn't wait to go back. The staff takes them around the resort and does all kinds of activities. The kids put on a fashion show one night that was a lot of fun for them. Also, I can't say enough about the Mini Disco, my little girl was addicted to it and all the kids who went were as well. The Mini Club staff ran the Disco and they truly showed that they loved the kids and the kids loved them. There were kids at the Mini Disco of all ages, even toddlers under age 2 and they loved it too. Note: When we got home we e-mailed the resort for a list of the songs played at the Mini Disco and they sent them back to us within an hour. The Shopping: Pueblo Principe, nice goods in the stores but the real fun is haggling with the vendors. Go see Bottom-line Bob, haggle with him for some of his goods, its lots of fun.The rest of the entertainment was very well done for resort entertainment, you could see them practicing and rehearsing during the day and the shows were very well put together. The Circus, The Grammy Awards and the Michael Jackson show are all worth seeing.I'll stop there, I could go on and on about how good this resort is, but if you are considering it, book it and go, you won't be disappointed unless you are very hard to please. My only regret, we tipped the maids and the restaurant staff and the bar staff and luggage porters and even the front desk for going the extra mile, but I should have also tipped the gardeners, maintenance workers, the trolley drivers and playa guys who keep the grounds looking so good, the work they do all day long adds so much to the experience and is rarely noticed...so you go please correct my mistake and throw a couple of bucks in the direction of these folks, they don't get what the other works getting and they sure do deserve it just as much.Now about Sunwing Airlines, the good was the in-flight experience, the flight was on-time, the hotel rep was very helpful, the meals and complimentary champagne, wine and the little children's backpack were nice touches and when landing in Punta Cana you were given clear directions on where to go...however, this airline had a bit of a problem when things don't go as planned. We couldn't land in Halifax due to a snowstorm, so the plane landed in Moncton and the Halifax passengers were let off and the plane continued on to Newfoundland. We were somewhat informed, not by a Sunwing agent but through the grapevine that buses were coming to get us, and the plan was apparently to drive us back to Halifax in the middle of the snowstorm that it wasn't safe to land in. All other carriers (including other Charter flights) that got diverted from Halifax landed and had taxis take their passengers to hotels and bring them back in the morning when the Halifax airport reopened for a flight to Halifax. Sunwing's passengers were the only passengers remaining in the airport at 1:30am (landed at 8:30pm) and were only sent to hotels by 3:30am on demand of the passengers and refusal to get on the buses that still had not arrived. (Roads were closed...but nobody told the passengers.)Following the harrowing cab ride in the snow covered roads to the hotel, Aircab in Moncton should be ashamed of themselves for they danger they put my family in. Then a short rest at the hotel and finally through negotiation with Sunwing in Toronto the buses arrived at the hotel at 11am. The buses that Sunwing had sent were 20 year old school buses that had been repainted and had bald tires, no wonder they couldn't get through the storm. And it was still snowing in Moncton and on the roads back to Halifax. Now at this time the other carriers and charters were taking their passengers back to the airport in motor coaches to get on airplanes to flown back to Halifax.So my comment on Sunwing, it would be a great charter...in a perfect world where everything goes as planned....unfortunately we all know how often that happens in a Canadian Winter.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>monden
<Content>Returned from the Gran Bahia Principe; good overall, but we got sick I just returned from our vacation to the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana. I traveled with my husband, three children and parents. My experience with this resort:We had a great flight, caught a coach bus at the Punta Cana airport and had a half hour ride to the resort. The resort representative gave us an information packet with our room keys, wristbands and towel cards. Upon arrival, we were met with a red punch drink and dominican dancers in costume! We tagged our luggage and left it with the bellboys. Our room was not yet ready, so we used the pool until about 3:00 p.m.The Gran Bahia is two resorts in one. They are mirror images of each other; the Bavaro to the left and the Punta Cana to the right. (We booked on the Bavaro side, but were actually placed in a room on the Punta Cana side. This really didn't matter to us because they are identical). If you are staying on the Punta Cana side, you must use the lobby bar, buffet restaurant and guest services on that side. Likewise with the Bavaro side. The rest of the bars, a la carte restaurants and facilities are for all guests to share. The Premier area of the resort is for guests who want to spend a little more money to have their own little resort within the larger resort.We found the hotel reception staff to be a little stand-offish. They seemed irritated when we asked them questions or tried to exchange money. The rest of the staff: bartenders, waiters, housekeepers were very friendly and tried very hard to help even when they knew very little English.Our rooms were in buildings 5 and 7. For us this was a perfect location because we were close to the beach. For those who are further from the beach, there is a trolley that runs continuously. We would catch the trolley to get back to the lobby and buffet restaurant. Another reason we liked being within walking distance is that the pool restrooms were not kept very clean. We opted to use the restrooms in our hotel rooms. The rooms were large, clean and comfortable. The bed linens and towels are not what you would expect from a 5 star hotel in the US, but were adequate. Housekeeping was great. We left a tip each day and asked for extra water.The beach here is absolutely breathtaking! Get out there early in the morning to get a good spot in the shade. The hotel rules state that you're not supposed to save lounge chairs, but this is not enforced. It seemed that people were getting up earlier each morning. My dad would usually go out around 6:30 a.m. to save some chairs.There is a company called Scuba Caribe who rents out the sailboats, windsurfers, kayaks and also the excursions and motorized sports that cost extra. They are located in a little building on the beach. I would suggest getting there first thing in the morning (I think they open around 9:00) to reserve the activity you would like to do because they fill up fast. Their English isn't great and there's no rhyme or reason to the way they wait on people either. You can be the next person in line and they will pass you over to help someone else. This was a source of frustration for us. We went on a two hour snorkel excursion to a nearby reef. It was fun, but the guide drove us to the reef and basically said jump in! There was no snorkeling/safety instruction that we're used to getting on these types of excursions.We went to the Japanese, French and Mediterranean restaurants. The Medditeranean was our favorite. I know that a lot of guests favor the Japanese, but it was not up to the standard of any Japanese steakhouse I've been to in the US. The lobby buffet restaurant had the best variety. You could eat breakfast and lunch at the seafood restaurant by the beach or lunch any of the beach snack bars, but the lobby restaurant had the biggest selection. (They will serve hotdogs, hamburgers and chicken at the beach snack bars). The fruits are delicious, pineapple, mango, guava, passion fruit and watermelon at every meal. They also serve some kind of seafood concoction with mussels, squid, etc. and a pasta bar at dinner. One thing they do well is dessert. The desserts were excellent. The meats were usually overcooked. You will be served the same cut of pork, chicken, steak and fish in every restaurant, they'll just put a little different spin on it. Not the quality we're used to getting in a good restaurant here.Go to the lobby bar to get the best drinks. We drank a lot of umbrella drinks, but they weren't very strong because I never got a buzz and I'm not a heavy drinker. Don't bother to wait in line at the swim up bar. There's a bar across the pool to the left that's never busy.There were two shows every night. An earlier 9:45 show (located in the lobby theatre) and a later 11:30 show (located in the Pueblo Pricipe theatre). Shows will be posted on a board outside of the theatre. The Michael Jackson show was entertaining!What is the Pueblo Principe? The Pueblo Principe is a large courtyard located in the front of the resort. Here you will find the Casino, Disco, pool tables, shopping, a hamburger restaurant, bar and a stage. Beware of the vendors. They will solicit you to purchase items from their carts. If you're brave enough, you can bargain with them.Things I wish I knew before I came:With a family of five, we went through a lot of sunscreen! I had to buy two more tubes at the cost of $17.00/ tube! Bring extra! I also forgot my sunburn lotion and had to buy that too.If you have children, bring one of those lycra swim shirts. Many of the children were wearing them and I wish I had them for my kids. They got burned the first day even though they were wearing lots of sunscreen.Bring more cash, less traveler's checks. The cashier was only open until 5:00 and we were usually at the pool then. Also, they would only give you a limited number of small bills. Bring lots of ones for tips and keep them in your safe.We went on the monster truck safari excursion. This was a wonderful experience and made our trip to Punta Cana even more worthwhile! See [--] for more details. A lot of the reviews suggested bringing school supplies for the children, however, these children are very poor and do not need school supplies. (some of the toddlers were sucking on the pens) If I could go back, I would bring my son's hand-me-downs, some t-shirts, hats ( possibly solicited from an area baseball team), baby clothes, even flip-flops. Also, the Dominicans' hero is Sammy Sosa. The boys would probably love to receive a pack of baseball cards. Our last stop was a visit to a sugar cane plantation to see a witch doctor. The children were in rags and had no shoes. The teenage boys were pointing to our hats. I probably had twenty hats at home I could have given them. Many tourists were handing out candy, but these children suck on sugar cane all day. We were not allowed to give money. The guide explained that if the children were given money every day, they would wait for the trucks and would not go to school.Be careful what you eat. I really love exotic cuisine and should have been more cautious about what I ate the first couple of days. I was laid up in my hotel room for a day and was sick with diarrhea for about three days. My mom and husband came down with the same symptoms at the same time. My best guess is that we all ate the same thing and probably got food poisoning. I don't think it was the umbrella drinks, because my two older kids were drinking them and never got sick. (My youngest, however, ended up vomiting for two days) We all stuck to bottled water. Follow the guidelines below: (from mdtravelhealth.com)Food and water precautionsDo not eat fruits or vegetables unless they have been peeled or cooked. Avoid cooked foods that are no longer piping hot. Cooked foods that have been left at room temperature are particularly hazardous. Avoid unpasteurized milk and any products that might have been made from unpasteurized milk, such as ice cream. Avoid food and beverages obtained from street vendors. Do not eat raw or undercooked meat or fish, including ceviche. Some types of fish may contain poisonous biotoxins even when cooked. Barracuda in particular should never be eaten. Other fish that may contain toxins include red snapper, grouper, amberjack, sea bass, and a large number of tropical reef fish.Check out went smoothly. We boarded the bus and headed back to the airport. There is a nice air conditioned area to wait, a Wendy's restaruant and some duty free shopping. I wish we would have eaten at the airport because our charter flight ran out of boxed lunches.All in all, this was a great vacation and I would have given it an excellent rating if we hadn't gotten sick. Bavaro Beach was beautiful and I would like to go back someday.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>euromalta
<Content>Great Resort!! we just came from gran bahia principe punta cana and the resort is stunning, very clean, the service is great the people are friendly. We stayed at the golden club villa 61 close to the beach. the rooms are big and clean. the resturants al carte are great, good food and the service is excellent. The shows are nice and don't miss michael Jackson show on friday night .You need singles $1 for tipping.they love it...the beach is clean and the water is nice. we loved this resort and ready to go back again. just note at the airport DON'T carry on rum/water they will take it and dump it just happen to me with my rum. Enjoy the resort and go for it.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FamilyFunFour
<Content>Exactly as advertised-Great Family Vacation This was our first major Caribean vacation with our children (10  7). We did a lot of research before choosing this resort and it was everything as advertised. The Pre-Check In on the bus from the airport to the resort was excellent and allowed to start our vacationwithout long line ups at the resort and got our vacation started immediatly. The room was ready right away and was spacious and clean.No matter what your taste in food there was something for everyone (Amust with kids!) from all of the A la Carte restaurants and Buffet. The staff were pleasant and helpful even with the language difference. This is a large resort but with 3 pools and a large beachfront you did not feel over crowded at all. The grounds are extremelywell kept. The entertainment was excellent and there was something for everyone. You will read many reviews as we did before selecting the Bahia Principe Bavaro. I am glad we took the positive comments with merit and the negative with a grain of salt because this was one of our best experiences ever  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>annrcg
<Content>Loved It! We stayed at the Gran Bahia from April 4 to April 11, 2007. As reported by others this is a very large resort. There are lots of shuttles however to get around. We had a large group (15 people) and had requested to be placed together in the same building and we were. We were in building ten which is about half way between the lobby and the main pool and beach. It was a good location for this resort. Check in was a bit slow and we never recieved beach towel cards though it does not seem to be an issue. The buffets were good with a lot of variety. We went to three of the ala cartes. The barbeque was okay - a lot like the buffett. The French Restaurant (Le Gourmet) and the Japanese restaurant were excellent. The kids particularly enjoyed the Japanese restaurant. The bars were fine with the Lobby Bar making the best drinks. The rooms are large and clean. There was some issue with obtaining towels for a few in our group but easily solved with a call. The beach is spectacular. It can be walked and walked and walked. Overall eveyone in our group enjoyed themselves.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>cinnamongrl
<Content>Great Ambiance Hola, everyone, as you can see i'm just fresh from vacation! I really liked coming on tripadvisor to be more informed and it really helped alot. I know i made a good decision booking the gran bahia principe. The lobby when you pull up is awesome, that's the ambiance i'm talking about, especially at night when you get cleaned up and come down have a drink hang out at one of the many sitting areas and feel the warm breeze and listen to the man playing his keyboard and singing i miss that already.  On check in we had a miss understanding as i needed a room with 2 beds and they gave me a king bed. It was changed so alls well that ends well. I even called ahead but i don't think that helps on some cases. I was a bit overwhelmed with the size but i grew to love it's size after a day or too. The only place that seems overly busy is the beach and pool of course.  The beach is gorgeous and you can walk and check out the resorts next to you, majestic on the left as you facing the ocean and the riu palace and riu resorts on the right side after that then the iberostar. I never made it that far therefore i never made it to the shops on the beach they are down farther than i thought. Not a big deal for me i'm alot shy when it comes to haggling so i'm sure i wouldn't get a good deal i would love to just watch it it action though. Haggling is a sport for these people so be prepared and learn how to do it. Practice on your family and friends or jump in with both feet and hope for the best, i will probably on of the trips. I really like this resort alot and would definitely love to return someday. My 18 yr old son enjoyed himself also he met people from different states so he found people his age group to hang with. The food is good and plentiful and the drinks were great also.  Our room was kept very clean and it was very spacious with a separate bathroom and jacuzzi tub. We always had plenty of Hot water i took the longest showers they were great. This is one resort you have to try on for size and see if it fits at first it can be overwhelming with identical lobbies that are just flip flop from each other. In one day and many trips to the wrong one i just learned to read the sign when i got off the trolly on which one to go to. Enjoy it it's absolutely beautiful and bring your smile because you will see plenty of theres.  We did the quad adventure tour it's where you ride 4 wheelers if your going to do this bring your own bandana to cover your face it's gets extremely dust y and you will want it trust me. If you don't bring one they have them for sale for 3 dollars a piece. And also bring money to maybe purchase the dvd of your adventure and a bottle of rum with your picture on it .It would of been a great souvinor but no one told us about it ahead of time so i only had a few dollars on me. So i'm telling you so you can be prepared. The dvd and rum i think would of been 35 dollars so bring extra cash for that and tipping. It was a fun day! Ok one more thing than i'm outta here.:) The apple representive that i have dealt with have all been just great. From start to finish you have my 2 thumbs up i felt taken care of and pampered almost. It's good to know you have someone in another country and you can go to if you need to. Thank you to Petra and Isabella keep up the good work. Hopefull i see you again one day to book another excursion. Oh one more thing i never had and bugs or spiders or lizards in the room to me that was a huge plus. Just keep your balcony door closed and nothing should get in I had a ground floor room my room number was 8110, straight down to the beach and pool what more could you want. I'll try to post pictures later i don't have them back yet. Enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sandnsable
<Content>Too Big! My husband and I just returned from our stay at the Grand Bahia Principe. First of all, for all those of you that are staying here soon. Ignore the weather reports. I read the same thing from others who stayed here. It never rains. It said that it would rain and storm every day and we did not get a drop. We loved the food, the breakfast buffet was really good, we ate there every morning. Try the Watermelon Juice and Banana Juices. To Die for!!! The french restaurant was definitely the best. We ate there 3 times it was soo good. Get the Smoked Salmon with Avacado Cream (app) Seabass(entree) and the Chocolate Desert. Oh my god, just thinking about it makes my mouth water.  The Beach BBQ was terrible! The lobster is not Maine coldwater lobster, it is hot-water mush and disgusting!!! Dont waste a night on this.The Japanese restaurant is okay. We eat Japanese a lot and it was only okay. You dont get yellow sauce which we are used to. If you get hibachi express takeout a lot, dont go here.The best bar to go to is the one directly on the beach. I also enjoyed the lobby bar.They have all the good liquors and dont forget to tip! Dirty monkey was my favorite frozen drink. But overall, we were a little dissappointed because our room was right next to the lobby. If i went to the beach and realized i left something in the room, I could count on it taking 45 minutes to get back. The resort is sooooooo big and confusing. I stayed for a week and would much rather have stayed at a smaller place. That would have saved me money anyways. Try to get a room as close as possible to the beach. Its VERY IMPORTANT THAT YOU DO THIS!!! Another downer for us was there were very few Americans here.Nightlife here sucks, but maybe thats because we were so tired at night after being in the sun all day. Make sure you take a nap before dinner if you want to go out at night. The disco doesnt open until midnight. I would not stay here again unless my room was very close to the beach.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	1	5	3	5	3	

<Author>CUatpoolbar
<Content>Beautiful Bahia Principe Vacationed at Gran Bahia for a week in early March. We venture toward heat and sun every spring and found the Gran Bahia to be a large, lovely resort with exceptionally friendly waitstaff and workers. Clean by anyone's standards too. We booked the Royal Golden Club and were very happy with this choice. We were a stone's throw from the beautiful, clean beach and the incredible main pool complex. Everything is very accessible by foot or using the tram service which is available every few minutes with little bus stops along the route from one end of the resort to the other. Rooms: Chocolates on your pillows, robes, slippers and an Express # on your phone for Royal Golden guests only. Use the Express button and your request is met within minutes; this includes room service. Room service is your basic hamburgers, hot dogs, BLTs, nachos, fries, etc. Our room was spacious, immaculate and very comfortable. The bathroom was all marble, also immaculate, hair dryer connected to the wall, illuminated make-up mirror (with magnifier side) and plenty of sink room. The bathroom lighting was rather dim and there is no outlets for any electrical appliances (curling iron). Our maid was exceptional. My husband expressed how much he liked the beer and she made sure he had plenty of it every day. One morning she discovered that our room fridge wasn't cool enough, so she contacted maintenance and then proceeded to ice up a bunch of beers in a bucket so they would be cold when we returned. Towel creatures and fresh flowers every day. A complimentary T shirt and bottle of rum left in the room for us. Golden Club members also have their beach towels exchanged by the maid (or you can exchange them yourself at the towel shack), but be aware that the maids enter your room whenever they wish to make this exchange. Several mornings we awoke to fine fresh beach towels, bath towels or whatever on the bench near the door. We would return from dinner to find the ashtray empty and chocolates on our pillows. We were warned of this from other reviews so it didn't really bother us. Our valuables were always locked in the safe (a must have) and we had nothing to hide so it became the daily joke of what's going to be different in the room when we get back (or up)? Ironing boards and irons are available, but you need to request them. That's one request I didn't make wink.Buffets: Compared to the Iberostar Bavaro, Punta Cana (last year's vacation) the buffets are limited and repetitious for breakfast and lunch. There is something for every taste and every culture, but it does become redundant. We found the buffets too noisy and crowded during the dinner hours. Lots of children...fellow parents please take a little time to refresh the kids on proper restaurant behavior before you head out, for your sake as well as the guests seated next to you.Restaurants: There are several specialty restaurants, each with a different theme. It's formal service, cloth napkins and wine with dinner; we enjoy the specialty restaurants as the atmosphere is adult and relaxing. Le Gourmet: small surf and turf, but the pumpkin soup and seafood bisque were good. Please do not expect American steakhouse beef for the turf part...it's not going to happen. You're on vacation, try some different things.El Pescador: the special was lobster the night we went and they weren't kidding around. They brought us lobsters the size of which I didn't know existed. One member of our group (there were four of us) was offered seconds, so don't be shy if you're really enjoying a certain dish.BBQ Grill: an open air affair overlooking the beach...breathtaking. They grilled king prawns (mini lobsters), steak and chicken. As with all the specialty restaurants you're offered wine, salad bar, appetizer buffet and a choice of desserts.Garden Grill: the steakhouse; the special was a T-Bone, which everyone enjoyed. They had a nice Caesar salad, excellent steak soup and good Louisiana corn chowder. They also did a nice fire display when our husbands ordered Sambucca after dinner.Il Capriccio: Italian; entrees lean toward Northern Italian fare. There was also pizza and lasagna on the menu.Main pool complex/Beach: only a low wall separates the pool from the beach. Beautiful view, great camera shots. There's plenty of action on the beach (watersports and sandcastle contests) and near the beach bar. The beach bar has pumped up music and crazy bartenders. If you spot a bartender named John keep an eye on him---he's about as entertaining as they get...very energetic, funny guy. All the bartenders are quick to laugh and ready for fun. If you're bringing the kids prepare them for the topless sunbathing. It's very prevelent on the beach, but some of them wander into the pool area. Every day there is a different photo op roaming around the pool with a photographer to take your picture; we saw a monkey, a snake, a parrot, a Hawaiian dressed couple and a native dressed couple...the following day your photo is available for purchase. If you are planning on spending the day at the pool or beach elect someone the night before to get up at 6 or 7am to reserve some lounge chairs. I know chair reserving is a very touchy subject, but as I said...if you plan to spend the day. We meet at the pool after breakfast and spend the entire day there...we saw several groups of chairs every day with towels on them, but no occupants. It's sad how rude some folks can be.Health concerns: you've just flown into a different country with foreign foliage, pollens, climate and surroundings. You're also probably not used to A/C, so prepare yourself. Bring some OTC allergy meds. The food is rich, there's plenty of fresh fruit, drinks are mostly rum with coconut milk, heavy cream is everywhere, etc...one Immodium a day keeps Montezuma at bay. 'Nuff said.We saw a few mosquitoes, a couple of geckoes in hallways and on trees---they're harmless and fun to watch. No dangerous animals or bugs.Tips: learn a few basic Spanish phrases, it'll make you feel more a part of the party and really adds that little something to vacation. Hola and a smile go a long way. Take 20 or 30 minutes when you've settled in to refer to your map (provided at check-in) and wander the resort. It's immense and daunting at first, but taking a quick self-tour makes the resort far less imposing. Skip the high heels girls---the resort is made up of stone garden pathways and highly polished marble tile. You will fall, we saw it more than once.Tip, tip, tip...spread the wealth!Mucho gusto!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>snoop75
<Content>Amazing All - Inclusive My husband and I stayed at the Gran Bahia for 5 nights at the end of April in 2006. I realize this review is a bit late, but better late than never.Prior to this all - inclusive I had only stayed at 1, Sandals Ocho Rios. I was a bit apprehensive as I hated my stay at Sandals. However, Gran Bahia brought me back on the AI bandwagon.This is a massive property. A tram picks you up at various tram stops and takes you throughout the property. The property is INCREDIBLY clean. It is well manicured and maintained. The pool(s) are wonderful; the large pool at the end of the property is the party pool. It's loud with great music and lots of activities. If you want a party, go there. If you want more relaxation and quite, you can go to the pool in the middle of the property. Beware; there are topless women everywhere at these pools. But we were not bothered by this at all.The food at the buffets is pretty good considering the fact that they are buffets. The large outdoor buffet by the pool was ideal for lunch at the pool, hotdogs, burgers, fries, etc. There are several restaurants at the property; we went to 4 of them, the Japanese, Mediterranean, Steak House and Seafood. The steak house and seafood restaurants were average, but the Japanese and Mediterranean restaurants were wonderful. The rooms were really nice as well as clean. The bathroom had double sinks and was rather spacious. Bars are located throughout the property at the pools, beach, and lobby. The drinks are well made, just tip the bartenders once in a while and they will take care of you. The lobby is beautiful with a lot of seating and tables, and a singer or band almost every night. My husband and I had drinks, played cards and enjoyed the evening breeze.All in all, we had a great time! This resort was relaxing and fun at the same time. We just loved it and hope to go back.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>misspiaf
<Content>Tips for Vacation and Wedding         
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mexi1022
<Content>Beautiful but crowded! We spent two weeks at the GBP at the end of March 2007; two of us in our mid-thirties with no kids in tow. Thanks so much to all of you who submitted reviews over the past year to help us make our choice. A few negatives here and there but overall we weren't disappointed! It really depends on what you're looking for...very clean and pretty but also loud with lineups and crowds everywhere...not very romantic but a great family spot. Rooms: We stayed in the brand new Club Golden villas; had an ocean view and were about ten steps from the sand. Rooms are spotless and a/c is left on all day so after a long day at the beach it was nice to come back to a cool (sometimes too cold!) room. Beach: This is why we came to PC!! Gorgeous. That about sums it up. Sorry though...at this resort you do have to play the towel game. We are total beach people so of course did not spend any time whatsoever at the pools, so each day we wanted our perfect spot - the quiet area to the very left (north), under a palapa (a must if you're there for two weeks - we tan very well but even we got burned many days so needed some relief!). So, to get this great spot we set the alarm for 6am and by 6:15 all palapas near the ocean were gone. This is a very, very busy resort so if you're fussy about where you plant your butt for the day then getting up at the crack of dawn is a must! But chairs are still available by 9 or 10, you have to search though. Pools: Only walked by a few times...not our thing! Like a nightclub! Very loud music and people, not a free chair to be found. Food: We went to every single a la cart except for the seafood (El Pescador). The best - Mediterranean, French, Garden Grille. Superb! OK - Japanese, Italian, Mexican. Very average - Dominican, Brazilian. Ick - Beach BBQ. We didn't care for the buffets at night, same food over and over with lineups and people everywhere! Snack bars at the beach were great for breakfast and lunch in your swimsuit, food not the greatest but edible. Entertainment: Shows were boring at times but kept us amused as they were quite amateurish, same at most AI's from what we've seen though! Night life at this resort gets boring fast; the Lobby closes so early and it feels as though they are kicking you out! Pueblo Principe was not as great as we had expected...very aggressive salespeople in the square, okay shops for souvenirs but boring after one or two nights browsing, and very mediocre entertainment. But we're not party people so by 11pm, like most others we met, were exhausted after a long day at the beach!So, a great time overall at the GBP, but would not return unless we had kids with us. This is a great resort for families but for romance...look elsewhere. We called it the Disneyland of Punta Cana, with the constant tram traffic, kids everywhere, and overall loudness/crowds at the beach and pools.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stoxy
<Content>Jack of all Trades - Master of None? This was our first trip to the Caribbean and our first 'All Inclusive'. To date most of our trips are bespoke touring/ stay as you go, so our expectations were wide open. The hotel was great value for money (2adults 1kid 1infant worked out at about $70 each per person per night), clean, well maintained, and given there are 2200 employees a very friendly staff. The resort is huge and well manicured making walking about a pleasure, or take one of the 鈥榦ne a minute鈥?hop on buses to get about. There are some great idiosyncrasies about the place; firstly you are strongly encouraged to book restaurants on the first day and yet the four we went to were only two thirds full. We managed to walk straight into one (Gourmet) with a few smiles and some fast talking so it鈥檚 worth being a little pushy. Secondly, the maids pick the flowers adorning the sidewalks which you will then find embossed into a towel sculpted as a swan when your room is cleaned (which is I guess why sometimes they aren鈥檛 cleaned until quite late in the day). Third, the day/night entertainment is David Brentesque at best, the pool side arm-wrestles to the Bahia Principe theme tune, or Micheal Jackson cameo concert. None of it seems too intrusive though if it is not your thing. Lastly quirky 鈥榞olden club/ diamond club鈥?is a nice idea but just adds confusion, although if you are a sucker for room service, go Golden! Highlights. The beach area is fantastic, it does get crowded right by the resort but it is very clean, lots of shady palm trees and even an ominous shipwreck out on the reef. 鈥楶ueblo Principe鈥?is a nice idea that adds a focal point for nightlife (without leaving the resort), bars, casino, boutiques, more shows. The buffet offers a great variety and to be honest is as good if not better than most of the A La Carte. They have also done a good job at trying to keep the food 鈥榡ust made鈥?(see TripAdvisor reviews from 2005 if you want to know what I am talking about!) with BBQs, Carvery鈥檚, eggs cooked to order, fruit prepared fresh. The rooms are a good size, cool (remember to shut your balcony door properly or the AC will switch off), clean, good bathrooms, with balcony鈥檚 overlooking the imaculate and pretty grounds.Travel Tips. We booked the hotel direct and asked about transfers. They agreed to pick us up/ drop us off as part of the deal which was a nice touch, no cab negotiations or tour buses just a driver waiting to whisk us away. Spanish 鈥?speaking even a little (show the effort) goes a long way to getting what you need. At the very least check back for understanding before walking away. MiniBar 鈥?only has 2 beers and a few bottles of water/coke. The drinks in the main lobby area are generally a little better than those 'poolside'. Tip the maid on the first day if you want it well stocked! Avoid busy check in/out times (just ask the hotel in advance) as the process can be convoluted. Given its size and that it is an all inclusive it will probably never fully satisfy everyone but they certainly want to try. If you are unhappy with any part of your stay be sure to tell them and given them the chance to rectify. (A side note to Quality Mangers out there; whenever we called for something from our room (say extra towels), they not only delivered quickly, but a few minutes later someone would call to confirm we received exactly what we had asked for. This was a nice touch something often lacking in other hotels and other businesses!)Hope this is useful to someone. Thanks to those who wrote the reviews we used to book our trip!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Lag1723
<Content>Loved It       Para Sailing(towards Bahia)  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>rcore
<Content>beautiful all inclusive resort We read a lot about this hotel before our trip and some of the reviews made us a bit nervous. However, we found that most of the complaints people had were very over-exaggerated. The resort was absolutely beautiful. The beach and the resort grounds were immaculate. The resort is, in fact, huge, but we saw that as a highlight of the resort. With all you can eat/drink, who doesn't need a good walk here and there during the day? On top of that, there are these trollys which go by about every five minutes if you are too lazy to walk ten minutes.You do need to get up early to get certain chairs on the beach: the ones closest to the water under the palapas. There are many many chairs throughout the day available under palapas farther from the beach, or in the sun right on the waterline. your best bet is to claim your chairs before you eat breakfast - everyone does do it.The food was not fabulous, however most all-inclusive resorts do not have exceptional food. There were a lot of places to eat throughout the resort, but we found that the main buffet in the lobby was worth the walk from the beach. It had many more options for meals that made it more enjoyable. At breakfast there was a made to order omelette station, and lunch and dinner has a made to order pasta station. The salad bar had a nice variety of vegetables. This type of vacation is not one that you can go on with the expectations of five star dining. We were prepared for much worse and were pleasantly surprised. We were also very pleased with the quality of the drinks, especially at the main lobby bar when Rafael is making you a Coco Loco.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>JMS1
<Content>Going Back to the Bahia Principe My wife and I just returned from the Bahia Principe (April 1-6) and loved it! I was a little nervous due to some of the bad reviews, but after an hour or so, I knew we booked the right place. Just remember, all reviews are relevant to how a particular person(s) experiences this place - our experience was excellent! The grounds, pools, beach, service, and DR people are the best we have experienced and will be going back next year. I will try to summarize:Beach - Clean, big, and fresh.Hotel - Clean, big, and well-maintained.Pools - Perfect.Food - Buffet (Ok), Al a Cartes (Better). Suggest Japanese, Mexican, and The Grille.People - Friendly and genuinely want to serve you! Golden Service - Recommend it despite reviews that say you shouldn't get it - trust me, you may not notice it but you are treated better. (ie. we stopped by the Mexican restaurant for dessert because my wife loved the rice pudding without reservations and were served - no problem). Service - Excellent and even better if you tip the wait staff (ie. waitresses, bartenders, and maids).Grounds - Second to none.Entertainment: Didn't participate in much, spent most of the time in the lobby bar and the beach. Participated in snorkling and parisailing - go for it!Ground Transportation: Quick and efficient.Overall, we really enjoyed our time at the Bahia Principe. Americans are the minority here so get use to it. You really aren't going to find American food so get over it - they are trying to serve some 3,000+ pallets per meal. Learn three words in Spanish and you can make it through the day: Hola, gracias, buenos dias/noches. The Canadians and Europeans rule this place - but we found most to be very friendly. The French, well....they pretty much keep to themselves.Do bring/use: (1) insulated mugs, (2) U.S. dollars, (3) Sunscreen, (4) Tobacco products if used, (5) Dress slacks for men in the evenings - women can wear what they want, (6) in-room safe for valuables. (7) Golden Package with room in building #2 adjacent to the beach, main pool, and buffets.I would recommend this hotel and resort to my friends and will certainly return in the future.JMS - Columbus, Ohio  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>cootes_paradise
<Content>Pretty Good Preface: a 5 Star in New York, is not a 5 Star in DR or Cuba. Having said that, I rate this a 4 star in terms of relative ratings to those countries. Frankly, I would not recommend staying somewhere that is not rated less than a 4 star in either country. Beach: Nice beach. I walked right and found the the Iberostar and Riu beaches, and felt the ours was nicer, bigger, cleaner, and had a better atmosphere. There is a section here that allows for beach games, volley ball and has loud music, but you could find quieter spots. There are plenty of trees that provide shade, so even if you move your chair to follow the shade through the day, it should not be a problem or nuisance. To get a palapa, you must be out before 7 AM. A tree 8 AM. The water is nice, although it was stormy the week before so it was a bit wavey with some sea plant leaves floating around. Pool: the main pool was busy busy busy, with much noise and activities. That's great if you like that. I stayed at the ocean moreso. I was also at the Club Diamond, so they had their own pool which was much more quiet that week. Swim up bars at each of them. Drinks: the drinks were mixed well, and anything I ordered tasted like it was supposed to taste. They also had Premium liquer at additonal cost; however, they also had premium all included as well. Unless you're drinking something neat it doesn't really matter. Even their brandy was ok. Food: The buffet was ok. I'm fussy, and found the buffet selection of fish was that plentiful compared to some other all inclusives I've been to. Maybe it was a bad fish week due to the storms ? It was your typical buffet food, and if you eat in moderation you will not get sick. I have not gotten sick ever yet in the last twenty years. Some people eat like maniacs, so it's no wonder your system can't handle it. The service in the buffet was ok. They seemed busy, and less attentive than at some of the Cuban resorts I've been to. I ate at the a la carte French, Italian and they were great. Much better than the buffet. I do find the buffets easier in general, as you go as you want. Remember to book your restaurants on arrival. They also have Japanese, Mexican, and a couple more. Resort: It's divided into two that mirror each other essently, only sharing the auditorium. One side is Punta Cana, and one is Bavaro. I stayed on the club Diamond side, which when looking from the beach is on the right side. Villa 26 was a good location and not a far walk from the beach, just a few minutes. The resort is huge, and somewhat hard to tackle at first, but the shuttle is GREAT !!! The spa is at the front of the hotel, quite a walk away from the beach, even after having taken the shuttle !! They have a small gym which I used, which was fine for a bit of a work out..who needs a full one on vacation !! the lobby bar is nice and has music via electronic piano and people had a nice time dancing to Tom Jones etc. The disco is fun, with the usual hits and what are they playing ? There was a whole shopping area called Pueblo, with an additional entertainment area, karoake bar, small casino, disco. I'm a very good tipper, however, I found, especially at the buffet that people weren't really around, nor did I even know who my server was, so at times I didn't leave anything, especially if they didn't get to clear my plate. Rooms: the room was as expected with a large sitting area. I had a great sleep and no problem with the bed or any bugs. I was on the third floor. All in all, if you're looking for a North American equivalent of a 5 Star, you won't find it. If you travel well and know what to expect, you will like it very much, although, it's abit big for me at first, but I got used to it. Bizzarely, there were many South Americans there, some Americans, and some Brits and English speaking Canadian. There were many French. Mosquitos: there was a malaria warning in November, so I took the Malaron, and brought much repellant. Having said that, I didn't see a single mossie all week.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>lovecaribbean1
<Content>Excellent Once More!! we just came back from a 7- night stay at this resort. This is our 3rd time with this resort (previous 2 times was in Riviera Maya, Mexico). Upon check-in, I told the front desk that this is my 3rd time staying, right away, we got upgraded to VIP wrist band. Beach - as beautiful as you can imaging. Clean and lot of beach chairs. None stop beach activities. The Animation Team really knows how to entertain the guests.Pool - very clean, not enough beach chairs for everyone, you need to be there very early in the morning to reserve yours. Plenty of pool activities runned by the Animation Team.Food - we got 4 reservation dinners, Le Gourmet (French restaurant) and El Pascador (seafood restaurant) was my favorite. A lot of people said The Grill is very popular, but since we can't get a decent dinner time b/c of young children, we didn't pick it. But overall, the food in the buffet area was decent. If you are from U.S., you will find that the lobster texture is very diff from here. I didn't like it at all.Resort - The resort is maintain very well. The landscaping and the cleaningness are at high standard. Staffs are friendly. The free shows at Tropicana theater was fun and entertaining.I will definitely return again to this resort....  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>EBella
<Content>Lived up to the hype! Just got back from the Bahia Principe. We were there for 1 week. We picked it from all the positive reviews from Trip Advisor. We had booked the Diamond Club through Sunquest, and to our delight were upgraded to a Golden Club room. I'm not sure what the difference is between the rooms, but the DC villas are 3 floors and the GC are 2. The GC are also closer to the beach.The resort is big, There are trams that run constantly. We never usedthem. It's only a 5-8 minute walk from the beach to the main lobby. And it's a beautiful walk.The room was amazing. Always clean. Big. Has a patio or balcony. There was no iron in our room, but you could get one at the front desk. There was an umbrella for those rainy days.The weather was great. The Weather Network said rain all week. It wascloudy here and there. No rain. The restaurants were ok. I was not impressed with the Mikado or the Mediteranean a la Cartes. Would not recommend them. The French and the Italian were very good though. The duck was amazing. The service as well.The main buffet had a huge selection. Something for everyone. Strictvegans may have some problems though. The quality was very good considering it's a buffet. The other buffets around the resort were very good as well. The pools are on the cooler side, but warm once you get in an move around. The beach is beautiful. I can't say enough good things about it. Unbelievable. We did get up early to get our beach chairs. I'd say for the pools, if you want one in the shade - get up early. Before 8am. Out of the shade by 9am. There aren't alot of chairs around the pools.At the beach, if you want a chair in the shade, get one by 7:30 or so. There are always non shade chairs around - just have to search for them.In the Pueble Principe there are shops and vendors with carts. Watch out for the guys with carts, very aggresive salesmen. They have alot of nice stuff though. Be prepared to haggle.Learn some spanish if you have time. Even if it's just how to order a drink, and please and thanks. They really appreciate it. The majority know very little english.I would suggest tipping as much as you can afford. Apparently they only get paid $50US per month. The Dominicans work so hard. They were weeding the gardens at 9pm. Cleaning the beach at night. Constantly sweeping, mopping, spraying, painting. Hard workers, and they all seem to love their jobs.We tipped our maid, turndown maid, mini bar guy, buffet servers everyday. The gardeners love when you tip them. I think they deserve the most (the maid too). We left our maid gifts and she left us notes.It was a great experience. I would definetely go back. The Dominicansare so friendly. Such a change from North America.Bring lots of sunscreen, aloe vera and dollar bills for tipping.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Ottawachica
<Content>Luxurious and clean I just arrived from the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana (Bavaro is the same hotel, just on the opposite side). The hotel was quite nice and luxurious....staff was super friendly, grounds were impeccable, rooms were quite clean, maid service was excellent. I was there for my wedding. The wedding went nicely, but I do not recommend that a control-freak bride get married there...it's quite laid back, a bit disorganized (it's the Dominican, right?) and you do not have much choice of flowers, cake, decorations. The wedding went well. The photographer, Jorge Allocco, ripped us off with the pictures. We ended up paying wwaaaayyyyy too much money for what we got. The food at the hotel was ok..nothing spectacular. I guess there was supposed to be themes, but only the decorations changed at the buffet, the food did not. It was bland and oily most of the time. Japanese restaurant was amazing, so was the Garden Grill. Mexican restaurant sucked and so did the Italian restaurant.Overall, we had a good time at this hotel and I would recommend it to anyone. Beware: lots of kids. Huge resort too so if you are looking for quiet and romantic, it's not the place for you.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	2	5	4	

<Author>Love_travelling_7
<Content>Beautiful resort, we had a great time       Sunrise Kiss  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>frunypie
<Content>My two cents I feel obligated to write a review since TripAdvisor was helpful in determining my vacation plans. The resort is beautiful and the grounds immaculate. The beach was gorgeous and among the cleanest I have seen. The resort in general was so clean and well-kept- it was impressive. Do try to get a room on the top floor of the villas as they are all tile and sound tends to reverberate throughout...we started out on the first floor and moved to the third floor which was much quieter. There is a lot of walking- if you do not like to walk, go elsewhere. The food was good- We had a few meals that were just OK- but nothing inedible. The buffet was great- a LOT of variety; the Japanese and Le Gourmet ala cartes were both quite good- Dominican and Mexican just OK. I would recommend avoiding beef in general- it was tough everywhere we tried it. The staff was for the most part great- if you find a few people who are extra helpful- remember their names and go back to them for help throughout your trip and tip them accordingly. A few US$ go a LONG way and a little effort at speaking Spanish is also helpful. Remember that you are in the Caribbean and things move a little more slowly- get used to it and try to enjoy a more relaxing pace! Aldo and Caesarin at the front desk were very helpful to us. The shows were not a big draw- if you are looking for top-notch nightly entertainment- look elsewhere. The other guests were mostly Canadian and South American- many kids (although we went during Spring Break) and not many singles- if you are looking for a great singles scene or a quiet romantic getaway- look elsewhere. In general, I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the resort was after reading a couple of negative reviews and fearing the worst!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>MileHighGuy
<Content>Great Choice! Would stay there again. We stayed at the Bahia Principe from March 25 - April 1st and loved it.I was a little concerned after reading some of the negative reviews on this website, but we had only positive encounters our entire stay. The resort is really big, which at first I did not think I would like (especially since it was at capacity - we thought it might be too crowded), but seeing as we were there for an entire week and never left the property it gave us plenty to explore and for people to spread out so it never seemed crowded. You do have to get a Beach or Pool chair early, but not at 7 am like others have posted. We got to the pool one day at 9am and found chairs without a problem, however, by 10 am they were almost all taken. The hotel grounds are beautiful, and very well maintained. There are multiple pools (all clean and beautiful) to chose from but the beach is probably the biggest draw... 28 miles of white sand and turquoise water... simply breathtaking, and fun to walk. Great people watching.There are several restaurants to chose from (we ate at the BBQ restaurant and thought it was 'okay' but the Japanese was our favorite!). The hotel buffet also has something for everyone. My wife is a professional chef (and very picky) and she thought the hotel did a wonderful job offering a variety of good foods to choose from. The coffee is excellent and the bartenders are pretty liberal with the amount of alcohol in the drinks :-)Entertainment in the theater was a little amateurish, but I give them credit for trying. We saw two shows and one was great and the other was not... but if there is a great keyboard player and vocalist in the lobby bar until 11 which is a little nicer and much more sophisticated. We went to the Disco once (doesn't open until midnight)... and basically it's whatever you make of it. We had fun, but if you are looking for some serious nightlife, this is not it.The Dominican workers at the hotel were all very friendly and made us feel welcome. Check in and out, was fast and easy. We did not encounter very many other Americans during our stay - mostly Europeans and Canadians (who were a fun bunch), but almost everyone spoke English, which was nice for us even though we are fluent in Spanish. All in all it was a great time, and I would strongly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>doug12
<Content>Nice and Clean, But it Stops There My Wife and I stayed at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana from March 28 to April 04 2007. Upon arrival we were let off the bus practically on a mangrove bush and handed a red glass of something that most guests discarded after tasting it. I then followed their lead and discarded mine without tasting it. As our flight time was moved up 2 hrs in Toronto we arrived early at the resort. Most rooms were not ready ,however ours was. We were told that this was because we were Gold Club members(this is not worth the upgrade, as you get the exact same as a regular guest, other then a separate check in and checkout area in which you have to wait longer then a regular guest because it is not staffed adequately) . We were told that we had express checkin. This is to say that we were given a bracelet on the bus and some information packages. then we were rushed off to our room without given the opportunity to get our safe or book our al a carte restaurants, the safe cost us $28.00us extra, I thought this was a rip off. This may sound trivial, but i can tell you that it is not. This resort is so big, that if you have to make a trip to the lobby you will be a minimum of 1 hour, and be prepared to get lost during this hour at least once (it took us 2.5 hours to get it all done). You have to see it to believe it!!! ROOMSOn a good note the rooms were appointed very nicely. We were suppose to get turn down service, but this did not happen until 5 days into our stay( i really dont care about that sort off stuff, but it was promised). Seemingly corresponding to a mass in flux of guests from Europe. I can say that I personally noticed a difference in service when the europeons arrived. Up to this point there were no beach waiters, But there was after the europeon in flux. FOODI found the buffet to be a better option then any of the a la carte restaurants. The food at the mexican restaurant was absolutely horrendous and also at the Mederteranian. The italian restaurant was OK but was the most entertaining. The portion sizes at the a la cartes was somewhat smaller then you normally see at a gourmet restaurant. If you dont like it you can go to the buffet afterwards, its open til 10:30 pm.BeachThe beach is phenomenol!!!!!! you can walk for hours and you will have to has you will be unable to find a chair unless you are up and at the beach at 6:30 am. The only beach that i have found that compares is on the Isle of Kauaii, Hawaii.I personally would not recommend this resort to my friends or family. It is too big and I wasted too much time looking for stuff. I did not find the food good, in fact both my wife and i became ill at the end of the week, and are still sick two days after arriving home. We did not get the services that were promised in the brochures and in general I felt like i was treated like a head in a herd of cattle.DC MillsOntario, Canada  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	2	1	

<Author>goldenDRprincess
<Content>The Good, The Bad and The Ugly       A little display of colourful rice and carved fruit in the buffet  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>Parak33t
<Content>Wonderful and Beautiful My vacation with my husband, two daughters ages 17 and 14, took placefrom March 23-30. Before we went, I read a years worth of reviews, took notes of things that I thought would be helpful, and the trip turned our fantastic! We arrived in DR with no hotel transfer, but immediately got a taxi for $33 and away we went. We upgraded to Club Diamond for $30/day extra and was in Villa 29, a very central location. Everything that we experienced there was perfect...the people, the food, the pool, the beach, the rooms, and the resort as a whole. You won't be dissappointed. My daughters had a couple friends there, so they hung out together and were very content to stay at the resort the entire week. I have no negatives to report. If anyone would like more specifics on certain areas, please feel free to e-mail me at pjparis4606@aol.com. This was a perfect vacation.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>FrezinNorth
<Content>Enjoyed the Bahia We were a group of 8 that stayed a week. Overall the stay was good. We had been in contact with the resort prior to our arrival and much to our surprize we received a free upgrade to the Royal Golden Club. This gave us 1 extra a la carte (4 instead of 3), slippers and bathrobes and turn down service that would replace your beach towels.When people say this resort is huge they are not kidding, many people used the tram service. We would usually walk as with all the stops the tram has to make you don't actually save any time. The resort is so big we left with the feeling that we didn't get to see everything. Food-The food at the a la cartes we went to was fabulous. We did the Japanese, Mexican, Steakhouse and Meditrianian (sp). Service at these we great. Food at the buffet was very hit or miss. There was nothing offered at the buffet that made you say boy that was really good. But it filled the hole. Make sure the hot food is hot and cold food is cold, quite a few times I left food on my plate because it was ice cold and should have been hot.Beach-Very nice, lots of seaweed this week, but the beach was kept clean. Waves were a lot of fun. Pool-Lot of pools to chose from, all very clean. Not much activity going on at the pools. I had read some reviews stating it was to loud and busy at the pools, I'm not sure about that as we could barely hear the music and the only activity was people looking for chairs.Beach/Pool Chairs-Its true, if you want a chair at the beach or pool in the shade you better reserve it before 7am. I was up really early (5:45am) one morning and went down to the beach to sit there and watch the sunrise....there were people scrambling around in the dark reserving chairs. Actually it was quite comical as they were tripping over stuff and walking into other things.Rooms-Very nice, king size bed, jacuzzi tub...no problems here at all.Entertainment-Surprizing very good, no it is not broadway but still very well put together. We went to every show except the Michael Jackson one and thats because we had late dinner reservatations.Service-for the most part it was very good. Still some strange stuff goes on.. for example we went for breakfest one morning and when we were seated the lady asked if we would like coffee, after a quick yes we were off to the buffet to get our breakfest....I am still waiting for that coffee. Little stuff like that happened a few times..not sure why but not really a big deal. I just asked someone else for a coffee and it was there shortly there after. Another example is if you throw your beach towels into the bathtub the turn down service should replace them. Everytime we did this all the turn down service did was hang them up but our friends in the very next room would do the same thing and get new towels. Again not a big deal we just traded them in at the pool the next day.....but strange service.Weather-2 full days of rain, what can you do, we made the best of it.All in all a good vacation, Bahia met all of our needs. Probably would not return though as there was nothing provided that made this resort stand out from any other AL resort.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>magginine
<Content>Looks like a 5 star...but something was missing... We are a Canadian couple in our 30's and we stayed here end of March 07. Booked through Sunwing. One comment on Sunwing. While I realize this is a charter flight and flight times are subject to change, we purchased our package based on some great flight times, a 6 am departure and 9:15 pm return. Both got changed to our disappointment and to our disadvantage. We ended up departing Halifax at 10:15 am and returned at 3 pm. We felt like we lost out on time on our vacation and we had paid a small premium to book with this tour operator based on the flight times. Not cool Sunwing. It felt a bit too suspicious to us, like a bait and switch, which, of course, they deny.  As for the Bahia, we stayed close to the Club Diamond pool, about midway down the resort, in between the lobby and the beach and it was a good location, I felt. Let me start off with the good:1) Check in was done on the bus trip from the airport by Michael, a very nice guy from reception. Very very convenient.2) The beach was fabulous. Large, long beach with beautiful water and soft white sand.3) Our room and the whole resort were very clean. No musty smell in our room. Staff working non-stop.4) Although the resort is very large, the trolleys run non-stop. I didn't mind the walk sometimes.5) Lots of pools, restaurants, bars, a spa, a little shopping and entertainment square on site. No lack of amenities here.6) Internet available all around the resort. 15 minute time limits, but convenient.7) Book the French, Italian and Garden Grill restaurants, the Italian was our favorite, both for service and food.Here's the not so good.1) The food was so-so. Wednesday night at the buffet was very good, nice rib-eye steaks and good variety. Otherwise, too much repetition from night to night at the buffets, it all feels the same.2) Animation staff, with the exception of Kassandra, is unmotivated and pretty lazy. There was stretching, aerobics and dance lesson on the beach, but it was the same every day, no attempt to get to know you or liven things up. I was a little caught off guard when one of the dj's asked me to get him some drinks for himself and another one of the guys. I'm the one on vacation, and he asks me to get him drinks??!! Give me a break! I should've reported him but I guess that's not in my nature, I can't stand the thought of costing somebody their job, even if he did that.3) There was a bad smell in the Bavaro lobby buffet. Especially noticable at lunch times.4) The staff was just okay. They seemed generally unmotivated and unhappy. There were of course some exceptions. Victor and the whole crew at the lobby bar were awesome.  5) The entertainment was really bad. Comedy night especially horrible. The dancing in the Michael Jackson show was good. The lip-synching was hilariously bad. We enjoyed the later entertainment at Pueblo Principe more.6) Avoid the Dominican and Seafood restaurants at all costs. Both are horrible. We had some bad luck and hit a week of not so great weather. It poured buckets for almost 2 whole days and was windy the rest of the time. But you can't control the weather.In all, the resort is nice for families, I wouldn't recommend it too much for couples looking for a romantic getaway. It looks great, and has all the amenities of a 5 star but the personalized attentive service was lacking, the warm and cozy feeling that we have experienced before wasn't there this time around. Would we returrn? Not unless it was with our kids and we got a smokin deal. We enjoyed the Mayan Riviera more.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>HaydenDog
<Content>Would recommend this place in a heart beat! Just got back for a one week at the Bahia Principe. (Mar 22 -29, 2007)Like the majority of the reviews we thoroughly enjoyed the resort.Some overall info, we flew down on Air Transat and booked with Air Transat Holidays, and we were in the club golden.Arrival at the airport: - Included in our tour package was the tourist card, which was another thing we didn't have to worry about- After you claim your luggage, it is just as easy to hang on to it instead of the having the porters handle it. There are a ton of them, but a no thank you and they move on to the next passenger.- The tour desk are on your left as you leave the baggage claim area, and they can tell you what bus you are onArrive at the Hotel:- Our Club Golden representative couldn鈥檛 make it on the bus, so we didn鈥檛 get checked in on the bus, but they usually do. However once we got to the Hotel, the Club Golden staff took us into a separate area, checked us in. Checkin was quick and painless- After we got to the hotel, we had gotten to our room, washed up, and were on our way to dinner in quickly.- The Bellboy鈥檚 took our luggage and us on the tram to our roomThe Hotel Room (Club Royal Golden)- We were in Villa 4. It was great, nice and clean, and very close to the beach and the main pool. This alone was worth paying extra for the Golden Club. - Also included in the room was in room beach tower exchange each night, so you didn鈥檛 have to wait to exchange your towels. We tipped the maid every day and got excellent service. - We also had available to us 24 hour room service, but never used it.- Royal Golden also offers you 15 min blocks of free internet in the clubhouse.Tipping:- We tipped the maid, the bartender at the beach bar, a la carte restaurants. Tip early in your stay at the bars and the bartenders tend to remember you and give that extra bit of friendly serviceFood- Okay, I have read some of the reviews and some of the complaints about the food. We always found something to eat at the buffet or the a la cartes. The food is not the greatest we have ever had, neither is it the worst. The buffets have a lot of choices; hot entrees; salads; desserts. The buffets have a theme night ranging from Mexican to Dominican to American. - For Breakfast and Lunch, we ate by the main pool at the Fish or Mexican Restaurants. They are a la carte鈥檚 at night but are not for breakfast and lunch. We found them less crowded, but the selection is obviously a little bit less than the main buffet.- I didn鈥檛 care for the BBQ at the beach restaurant- In the evenings we also ate at the Mediterranean; Japanese; Fish; Gourmet (French). All work pretty good.Shows:- Like others have said before, they really try hard, and it mildly entertaining, but we found it a little boring.- Sitting in the Lobby Bar was far more entertaining than the show.Lobby Bar:- On the couple of days that it rained during the afternoon, we ventured to the bar for drinks and played cards. The staff pulled out board games and were playing games in the lobby, that was fun to watch- A couple of nights they had specialty coffee bar, which included a Caf茅 Flamb茅 (nice drink!)- Another evening that had carved out what seemed like 100鈥檚 of pineapples, and were serving pina colada鈥檚 in them (yum)- There seemed to be always some live entertainment in the lobby at night, which was pretty goodPueblo Principe:- For the shopping, there are a bunch of shops and carts there, we strolled through, but was a little disappointed in what we saw.- There is a casino there (not worth going in my opinion)- And after the show is done at the theatre, there is a band playing thereFlea Market:- As you face the ocean, if you turn right, for a 45 minute walk you will get to the flea market. It鈥檚 worth the walk, as you go past the Riu Resort and the Iberostar Resort, and then you can haggle with the locals for a wide variety of things.- Haggling is the key here; they will start with a price much higher than what they will accept. I had fun with a guy, every time we agreed on a price for one thing, I would say okay good, now lets add a bottle of rum, how much will that be.Beach/Pool Chairs:- Although the 鈥渞ules鈥?say it is not allowed, people get up early to reserve the chairs both at the pool and the beach. I would say the 鈥済ood鈥?chairs (ie the ones under the shade) are usually taken by 7:30, and definitely the rest of the pool chairs are taken by 8:30. I enjoyed getting up in the morning to watch the sun rise and take a walk on the beach, so it wasn鈥檛 too much of a problem for me, but if you are a late riser I can see it being an annoyance- Bring a magazine/book/your own towel or something else to identify your blue toweled chair from all the other similar ones.Trams:- The facility is large and there are always trams taking you back from the front of the facility to the beach, but the walk from front to back is not that far so it was a good excuse to work off the food and drinks.Lock your stuff up:- Either in the safe that you rent on a daily basis, or in your luggage. As our on site Air Transat Representative said, you like your stuff, so do others, including other guests, so keep your valuables locked upGrounds:- Very lush and very well taken care off. There were always maintenance works cleaning, painting, mowing, sweeping etc. They do a very good job of this. We really never saw any garbage anywhere.Leaving Punta Cana:- The bus took us to the airport, but the bus operator wouldn鈥檛 let us off the bus until the luggage was unloaded, which of course the vulture baggage handlers came out of nowhere grin to carry our bags to check in (which were about 50 yards away) Oh well, I tipped the guy $2 and he seemed happy.- We left midday, and the check in process and going through security was very quick. Punta Cana Airport post security checkpoint:- There is a 鈥渄uty free鈥?store, or should I just say a place to buy rum. The prices are a lot more than the hotel. We just bought our liquor at the hotel and the flea market, however you will have to pack the liquids in your checked baggage or they will take it from you at the security checkpoint.- There is also a Wendy鈥檚 and a Mexican Fast Food, and a little convenience store. Be prepared to pay stereotypically airport prices here. (Big Bacon Classic 鈥揅ombo 鈥?Biggie size = $9 USD)- There are a couple of shops, but not much else to do while you wait for your flight home.Conclusion:I tried to touch on a bunch of stuff on our experience here, so hopefully it will be helpful to others, as I had researched a lot about the resort before we left, and valued others perspectives on different things to experienced.I echo the comments of some others, you are on vacation in a foreign country, things are going to be different, food might taste a little different, but you are there to relax, so enjoy yourself!All in all, we enjoyed our vacation and the Bahia Principe, and would definitely recommend it to others.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jen_Fev
<Content>Great Resort (except slow service on requests) My fianc茅 and I were at the resort from March 17 to 31. The purpose of this trip was to get married at the resort and we had 16 people join us the second week (we got married March 28).First off, I must say that before booking we were confused by the different resorts, but there are a few shared restaurants if you are going with a group. We found that when it came to the exclusive pools, bracelets weren't monitored, but when we went to the Italian for lunch (exclusive to Diamond Club Bavaro) with some friends (staying on the Punta Cana side) and we were kindly asked to leave stating that our bracelets (silver - Bavaro V.I.P.) were good, however our friends' were not (green).We booked through Sunquest and stayed on the Bavaro Diamond side. We flew Skyservice down and CanJet back with no issues. Service was great and the flights were smooth for the most part (some turbulence there). I requested a King bed on the top floor with Garden View with my travel agent and that is what we got.I agree with all the positive reviews on this site about the cleanliness, attention to detail, friendly staff, great beach, and the large resort. I won't bother repeating the great things said and agree 100% with them. In whole, I didn't find language barriers with the staff that have regular interaction with guests and if anything, found that they could speak 3 or even 4 languages! The staff that didn't really know English at all was our maid, the guys that drive the trams, or busboys usually.If you are looking to get married in Punta Cana, you may want to consider this resort. The wedding coordinator is awesome and I couldn't have asked for a better wedding and reception. After conversion (and paying for speakers at the dinner to hook my MP3 player up to for dancing) it came to about 2K CAD. I believe you can have it on the beach for an extra fee, but we decided to have it in the garden gazebo.Since we were getting married/honeymooning, we were upgraded to VIP bracelets (can use any restaurants or amenities), got numerous fruit baskets, got some polo shirts (although we also stayed in the Bahia San Juan... since I know some people just got T-shirts), received a wedding gift (2 hr snorkeling excursion), and our in room safe was free, free bottles of rum, champagne, and white wine.For a la cartes we tried the Garden Grill, The French, The Japanese, Mediterranean, Mexican, Brazilian, and Italian then did some repeats of our favourites. The portions were smallest at the French, but the food there was the best. We really liked the others too, except Mexican (the buffet hot table was better than the entrees) and Italian. I wouldn't use the reservations for dinner on these two since you can go for lunch without reservations. We did the Japanese twice and had very different experiences. Our first reservation was a late one (9pm) and we didn't feel rushed at all since we were the last ones in there. Our chef was entertaining and seemed happy while the second time we went earlier (7:30pm) and we felt very rushed. There were management type guys hovering by the door to the room while we tried to eat everything on our plates. The chef the second time around was just cooking... no interaction or anything.There were very few negatives about this resort and it isn't on the resort itself. One is the beach front property 鈥?it goes deep quickly. In about 10 steps the water was up to my chest, and I鈥檓 about 6 feet tall. You cannot walk very far into the ocean. It was pretty rough as well, so snorkeling in front of the resort is hard 鈥?but that may have been the time we went. There was seaweed everywhere the first week we were there, but none the second week. If you want more shallow water area you will need to move down the beach to the Melia or resorts in that area. Secondly, if we requested something (i.e. a new alarm clock, more towels, to be seated with other rooms at a la cartes), these requests were not followed through the first time. Knowing this in the first week, we didn't wait as long to make the request a second time. It was resolved quickly after a second request was made, or in the case of the alarm clock, when we brought it right to the guest services area and said - it's broken, please give us a new one.Third - activities. It seems like the only activities they had were pool aerobics and dancing lessons. We tried showing up on time for beach volleyball, but it never seemed to happen.Our last negative isn鈥檛 about the resort, but about excursions. There are several safari trips and several Sanoa and Catalina island trips. I read here how people loved this and loved that excursion, however getting there, I didn鈥檛 realize there are so many tour operators and Sunquest said their Sanoa trip didn鈥檛 include snorkeling (I thought all Sanoa trips had a portion of time for snorkeling). My advice is know what you want to do and ask specific questions. If your tour operator cannot answer them or they don鈥檛 have want you need, ask the others (they are all in the same room). For water related trips, you are better off going to Scuba Caribe on the beach. This is where you get the free water activities. I won鈥檛 go into the details, but I would not deal with Turinter Tours (a contact we got through Sunquest for a Catalina Gator excursion).  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	3	4	

<Author>blueslover97
<Content>Great All Inclusive if your expectations are appropriate       sunrise facing the beach  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Traveller2261
<Content>Better resorts out there for that price Last Visit:March 2007This is the fifth year we have been to Punta Cana during March break. Perhaps our expectations were too high based on reading of reviews before we went. Let's start with the good:i) the rooms and complex were well maintained and clean;ii) the staff was friendly and spoke English quite well;ii) food in the a la carte restaurants was good;Now the not so good:i) we felt they cheaped out at the buffet especially at breakfast; no cooked ham, limited fruit, no granola (only oatmeal);ii) luncheon buffets had less variety than at other resorts we have been atiii) the main pool by the beach was extremely crowded - we needed to get up at 5:30am to reserve a pool chair;iv) we checked-out in the late afternoon (5:25pm) - other hotels routinely offer you a courtesy room in which to shower and change; this hotel offers you shower facilities off of the main lobby. After paying Club Golden prices it is not pleasant to have to shower and change in a public washroom.v) other than in the main lobby you could not get a cappucino or expresso.All of the negatives about this hotel are in the context of other Punta Cana hotels we have stayed at in the past.On the face of it, this is a great facility but around the fringes it is evident they are exerting heavy cost control. Others may not have noticed. We did.The aura of a management team more interested in their bottom line vs client experience was, in our minds, quite evident. We will not be returning.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>hockeyrocks-7
<Content>We Loved It!       ship wreck  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>arglyegirl
<Content>absolutely loved it       one of the many beautiful flower arrangements being made  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Palcin
<Content>Reserving Chairs--a big problem! We stayed at the Bahia Principe from March 16th to the 23rd. The place was beautiful, well-maintained and the service was excellent. The white sand beach was gorgeous! The food was wonderful and none of us got sick. We tried the Japanese, Dominican, Mediterranean and French restaurants and we were very impressed with all of them. The resort wine was not the best but you could order from their wine list for an extra charge. We found the resort too big. My husband and I have been to many resorts which were much smaller and we never had a problem with beach and pool chairs. At the Bahia, I had to be at the beach by 6:30 every morning to save chairs under a palapa for our family (6 people). I witnessed some guests paying staff in the afternoon to save chairs for them for the next day. These guests would show up just before 11:00 a.m.! We also heard that some guests were putting towels on chairs at midnight! How sad is that?!There were many beach chairs along the beach but far from the washrooms and beach bar. For the hotel's 4,000 guests, they should add more beach bars and washrooms. For future vacations, we will definitely look into smaller all-inclusive clubs where you do not have to fight for resort chairs!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>SurfandturfNewYork
<Content>Just returned from Punat Cana Gran Bahia !!!!!!! I just returned from a stay at the gran bahia March13-21st I booked from there web site through the Miami office. I had a minor problem that they did not handle and could not get them to return my call after my trip. We booked Golden club which I dont feel was worth the extra $200. WE did get a room close to the beach the room was very clean and nice. The maid was very helpful and considerate I tipped her every day. Our first day we discovered that in order to get a lounger at the beach or pool you have to wake up very early or late at night to reserve. This is not relaxing!!!!!!!! we leave the traffic at home.......that really was a negative. The beach is pretty warm water with sandy bottom very nice. Very loud music is played in the main beach area which I didnt like. I guess if you are young it isnt that bad!!!! The food is very good and the waitstaff are excellent. Very good bar drinks as well. If going with kids take walkie talkies. Im my opinion this hotel is not romantic way to crowded and noisy. Some peple like that. The spa is nice but they charge to use the water spa which I thought a rip off. They also should have some exercise classes and yoga at the spa indoors. They do have you as a captured audience so iron out all details befor you go if possible. Golden Club didnt provide really any services...... they were polite. I think the only way you can get a room close to the beach is going with Golden however there is a tram to all areas away from the beach. There is a casino, disco great shows and happy staff. The teens could have used more structured programs to meet eachother. I hope this is helpful to anyone planning a trip. THere were a lot of Canadians and Europeans which was very nice .Bon Voyage!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	5	2	

<Author>beachs
<Content>Nice Resort We just returned from Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana...This is a nice resort. Very clean and the food was good...We were in bungalow 31 in the Diamond section, close to the beach and lobby. Didn't have to wait for a tram, short walk either way. Nice thing in the Diamond section is you have a private check in/out desk and staff to help you. Free internet (20 min./day) private pool with swim up bar and service and private restaurant for breakfast and al a carte lunch.Went to 4 a la carte restaurants...Japanese was very good, so was the Italian and the BBQ on the beach, was not impressed with the steak house...cheap meat cuts.If you are a beach person as we are...we were up and looking for a spot at 6:30 am everyday...I don't know if it was the week we went (3/18 to 3/25) but the beach was busy. Anyone who likes to sleep late, forget about getting a chair on the beach past 8 am.Was OK but I don't think we will go back here...Things that really upset us were:1 - 5 star resort and you have to pay for a safe!2 - our flight didn't leave till 9:30 pm and check out was 12 noon, showers were in the lobby bathroom if you wanted to use them (no courtsey rooms) 5 star??3 - If you could do a late check out, $10.00 US per hour - 5 star??hope this helps if you are planning to go here!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Presidente75
<Content>Beautiful resort but... My wife  I just returned from a 1 week stay at the Bahia Principe from March 12-19/2007 through Air Canada Vacations. We met up with 2 other couples that arrived earlier.I was told that about 5000 people were staying at the resort over the March break. Unfortunately, we had little option due to work constraints. However, the resort had about 2000 staff working. Suffice it to say, the resort was a little busier then I would have liked. But considering the number of guests I really don't have a complaint regarding the staff.Like many others before me, I read review upon review trying to get a grasp on what to expect during my vacation. On to the useful information....Airport - you will need a $10 tourist card upon arrival  have to pay $20(cash) upon departure- if you are over-weight upon return say you will be paying with a credit card  they will waive the charge- the porters are aggressive but avoidable so long as you quickly grab your own luggage for the 30 second walk to your shuttle bus- the food is VERY expensive, a small meal at Wendy's cost $18US- DO NOT wait to buy your alcohol at Duty Free, I found the prices to be at least 3 times the amount of the resort- if you are looking for real cigars, they sell them at the duty free (terminal 2) for a reasonable priceResort staff- the staff was GREAT, they are dramatically underpaid with most coming from Santa Domingo(over 300 miles away)- they work 12 days on, 3 days off, 14-16 hour days for $2US- bring lots of $1 bills as they really deserve  appreciate a little bit extra- we left our maid $2/day as well as a little something daily that we purchased at home from Dollarama- special mention goes out to Kasandra(Animation Team), John(Beach Bar, etc), I love you 20 times!!!, Juan(Swim-up Pool Bar)  Juana(Cocktail Waitress in Lounge)- all of them made out trip very enjoyableFood- book your a la carte reservations ASAP- we booked at Mikado(Japanese), the Garden Grill(Steakhouse)  Le Gourmet(French)- all were excellent  highly recommended, however, the Japanese was a little rushed- we were able to slip in for 2 extra a la carte reservations just by showing up at the restaurant  requesting to be seating- we left $5 after each meal which seemed to be the norm during our stay- the buffet was fresh during our 2 visits- we ate breakfast at Los Olas  lunch at the Snack Bar- you will find that you get into a daily routineAlcohol- plentiful, be sure to ask if you do not want the bar selections- eg, if you like Gin order Tanqueray or Beefeater with your drink, Gordon's was considered a premium Gin down here with an up charge/drink...confused- be sure to check the lists provided- bring an insulated mug for the beach, the 52oz BUBBA comes highly recommendedBeach/Principe Village Vendors- they will start very high but eventually come down- a box of fake Monte Cristo's started at $175US  sold between $20-25US, real tobacco though!!!- necklaces started at around $25US  sold between $4-5US- bring stuff to barter with from home- the oil painting are not real, they are water/acrylic based with a laquer on top, also they are mass produced so pay accordinglyRooms- we stayed in Villa 6 on the Punta Cana side- 3rd floor with a King sized bed- very clean- close to the beach  pool- purchased a safe rental upon arrival for valuables  would recommend the sameEntertainment- usually ended around 10:30pm- Michael Jackson show  Circus were mildly entertainingBeach/Ocean/Pools- breathtaking- unfortuantely, in order to get a prime Palapa(shade umbrella) we had to get up  reserve it around 6:00AM- unlike many others who were no where to be seen all day, we arrived shortly after breakfast  stayed until 5:00pmAll in all, it was a great vacation. I must say though, great for families, not a romantic getaway.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>R6
<Content>Fantastic!!!               
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DivaTravel
<Content>Loved It!       Wow, love the beach  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>suzelle_delorme
<Content>Paradise on earth       me at the entrance  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Northernteacher
<Content>Fantastic time (Northern Ontario) We stayed at the Bahia from March 13th to the 20th. It was extremely busy as it was March Break time in Ontario. As we were both extremely stressed by the time we left we were looking to relax and enjoy the warm sunny weather - we were not disappointed.From the beginning, things went so smoothly, I was afraid to make any comment - waiting for the shoe to drop - it never happened.Check in was a breeze getting most of what we needed on the bus. Because of our early arrival - 11 am, our room was not ready. We sat in the lobby patio and had a drink and started to feel ourselves unwind. We looked at the map of our surroundings and decided to drop into the Diamond Club office to see if we could book our dinner reservations. No problem, there was no line-up, our room was ready early. We got our safe key and we were in business. We found our room, lots of walking. We were close to the beach, did a quick change as I had packed beach clothes in my carry on and went to the pool. It was very busy, but it was peak time. We were able to find a couple of chairs and our holiday was rolling.As the resort is huge, it is a bit overwhelming initially, but it is actually laid out quite simply. By late afternoon, we had no trouble finding our way around. Finding anything to complain about over the next week would have been a stretch. As we were constantly reading reviews before we left, I have to wonder how some people live when they aren't on vacation. If you aren't willing to try and communicate with someone speaking their native tongue, don't go. If you want high end gourmet food for 7 days, don't go to an all inclusive. We could not have met friendlier staff at the restaurants and bars (totally different than here at home). There was always something good to eat. Between the platters of fresh fruit and vegetables, pasta and egg stations, local specialties, etc. I can't imagine anyone going hungry. We never had any stomach problems the entire trip. If something didn't look right, we didn't eat it. Having a cocktail in the lobby bar before and after dinner was an added bonus. The wait staff there is amazing.As I am an early riser, finding chairs by the Diamond pool was never an issue. My only complaint is with the guests, that leave their towels on chairs and don't use them until late in the day. Some people are just self centred. We chose to sit by the pool as we found the beach quite crowded - just a personal preference. We did enjoy walking and looking at all the other resorts along the way.All in all would I go back- in a heartbeat. We met some fantastic people from all across Canada, read relaxed and experienced everything I had wanted to on this vacation. We have travelled extensively to Mexico and the Dominican over the last 10 years, and this resort would definitely rank near the top. We also found that spending the extra for the Diamond club was well worth it. (A special thanks to Jodi at Algonquin Travel in Ottawa.)  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scott1459
<Content>Expectations too high!!       cleaning beach  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>StittsvilleCanada
<Content>5 Star all the way We just returned from the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana and we had the greatest time ever. As most people do ( or should do ) we did a lot of research on the Gran Bahia and read the many reviews before we booked our vacation. My wife and two boys 13  15 went during the March break from the 11th to the 19th. This place is very large but it is spread out and there are little buses that take you all over the resort. We stayed in the Club Golden suites which was right beside the beach. Excellent room service from the maid, just leave a $5 US tip every morning and you are treated like Kings and Queens. Also bring a few little gifts for the maids, they love facial creams etc. The 24hr room service is great also, we never had a problem with anything that we ordered. If you needed extra beer, food or wine no problem it was there within minutes. Our room was clean, spacious, we always had fresh towels and the Fridge was stocked well every day. The beach was close to us so I had the same spot every day. I thought that it would be a problem finding a spot every day due to it being the March break but you would never know it. I got up at 6:30 AM every morning and claimed my area. The restaurant, bar and washrooms were right beside us, what more could you ask for. The food in the reastraunts were great, we never had any bouts of sickness and we ate lots of everything. You just have to be careful when you eat at some of the out door reastraunts during the day and make sure that the hamburgers are cooked. Other than that we had no complaints about the food. The whole resort is imaculate with the grounds being cleaned and maicured all the time. I don't know what people were saying about mosquitoes in some of the reviews but we never saw any.The night life finished at 11PM but the disco is open late. We never had an issue here because we would just order a few extra rounds and stay in the reception area longer. The Micheal Jackson show was so,so. We brought US cash with us which was a great idea as everything is in US funds. I will keep this reveiw short as I could go on and on but the bottom line is The Gran Bahia in my view is a 5 Star Plus resort. It does not matter where you travel there are always going to be negative reveiws from people, mind you some of them are pretty petty. Here is a couple of tips if you plan on staying at the Gran Bahia.(1) Bring US funds(2) Thermos Mugs for cold beverages on beach(3) Keep all reciepts from purchases at Resort(4)Tip the maid and leave a small gift every second day(5) Upgrade to Club Golden package(6) Relax  Enjoy  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ryefly_98
<Content>Good Holiday We had a good holiday at the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana. We travel every year with our son, he is 8.Liked:Rooms - nice, big, clean, great maid serviceFrench Restaurant - very good, order the FiletBeach - absolutely gorgeousCheck In/Out - very efficient, on the bus on the way to the resortExcursions: Bravo Runners, little speed boats and snorkelling tour and we did the Caribbean Festival, was fun - good group on this tour with us so that helpedPools - nice and warm, clean, didn't feel crowdedFood - the buffets were actually pretty good compared to other AI we have been toWeather - we had great weather our entire visit, was so good!!!Environment - very nice, relaxing...didn't feel crowded...the lobby bar area was a nice place to hang out and have a couple of drinksDisliked:Kids Club - AWFUL, basically non existent. Their idea of programming was TV and video games, NOT GOOD and I sent them a letter afterwards telling them. Seafood restaurant - lobster was brutal, service even worseVery large resort - tram system to get from one end to the otherThe Shows - They were OK, often ran into difficulties with sound etc.Feel free to email and ask any questions especially if you are bringing children. Our favourite place to bring our son so far has been the Barcelo Mayo Colonial Resort in the Mayan. They have a big water park area, and the price was around the same as Bahia. Good luck with your travels!Lori - lflynn2@cogeco.ca  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	3	3	

<Author>guardianL'Orignal
<Content>The perfect wedding       amazing  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jchygiene
<Content>A wonderful place the Bahia Principe       amazing  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MMMinneapolis
<Content>fabulous vacation!! We loved Bahia Principe. The staff was extremely helpful with setting up excursions. The grounds of the resort were beautiful and well maintained. The food was generally very good. The bach was beautiful, although at times crowded. The only drawback was that the maid service was not great. We had some trouble getting the minibar stocked, but the room was generally very clean and comfortable.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>flightgrace
<Content>Great       The veiw from our room overlooking the pool  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MiddleAgedDad
<Content>Pretty Darn Good We booked our stay at with Perx.com and were very pleased with the service. Make sure to get a key for your safe, which costs $4 per day. It was well worth it. The staff is in and out of your room all day long and it's nice to have a place to stash your wallets, passports, etc. Get the key when you check in or else you'll have to make a long trip back to the lobby after you get to your room and realize you can't operate the safe without one.As you've probably already read in other reviews, check-in time is at 3pm. We got to the hotel at about noon, so that was a good time to get lunch at La Orchidea (right next to the front desk) and reserve our restaurants for the week.We initially went to guest services to book them, but apparently if you have a gold wristband you are part of the Gold Club so we were sent to that office (a few doors down). You get either three or four a la carte restaurant reservations per week, but we ended up getting five on account of there being a few cancellations. I think this perk is part of the Gold Club status. I have no idea why we got the gold wristbands and other people didn't. Maybe there are reduced-rate packages that we were unaware of. Anyhow, it was a nice bonus as the restaurants were all good. We ate at the seafood, steak (aka The Grille), Mexican, Japanese, and French restaurants. The kids absolutely LOVED the Mexican!The Gran Bahia Punta Cana is much like everyone said in the reviews; very good for families. We brought our two girls, ages 11  13 and they had a wonderful time. We all had cell phones which worked just fine (Verizon, roaming mode) They came in handy as it鈥檚 quite a big place. I have no idea how many millions of dollars per minute it cost us. I鈥檓 afraid to look at the bill when it arrives.We went on the snorkeling tour which was by far the highlight of the whole week for them. We went on the second to last day of our trip and they liked it so much we did it again the next day. The guide takes you on a boat to a beautiful reef with very clear water and tons of beautiful, colorful fish that will eat right from your hand. There鈥檚 a Tiki-styled hut just to the right of the hotel (between the Bahia and the RUI hotel) on the beach where you can sign up for the trips. We booked one day early. You can reserve them to your room, but when it鈥檚 time to pay they take cash or credit card only, and no credit for amounts under $100. The trip costs $33 per person. Make sure you get a mask that fits before you depart. There are very few small masks for kids, so if you have a small face or have small kids, either bring your own, buy one, or set some aside at the scuba place well in advance. They鈥檙e (my wife included) still raving about the snorkeling.We went to the Michael Jackson show on Friday night, and although I personally think the guy is bonkers, the show was done quite well. The impersonator was good and the dancers were too. Our girls enjoyed it. We learned early on that the shows on the other nights are pretty much useless.As you鈥檝e also probably already read in the other reviews, bring along a stack of $1 bills for tips. They鈥檙e not required and not all that necessary for most of your daily activities, meals included, but you鈥檒l find opportunities where they come in handy. We tipped our maids everyday and they were quite glad to give us whatever we asked for. We asked for extra beer and water bottles and they filled the refrigerator to the brim. Sweet!!!Go down early to reserve your lounges at the beach. 7:00 am is good. By 8:30 it鈥檒l probably be too late. Use a t-shirt, a book, or something identifiable. (We had someone take one of our chairs that was marked with one of the hotel鈥檚 blue towels and it took some deep, calm breathing not to kick some butt.) We liked the left (north) side of the beach near Las Brisas Restaurant the best. It was less crowded than the right side.The gym is pretty darn small for such a large place and thus a bit crowded. If you absolutely hate crowds, try 2pm. It has a leg press, dumbbells from 8-50 lbs, exercise bikes and treadmills.Overall we had a very pleasant stay. I definitely recommend it for families. If you鈥檙e on a honeymoon, I鈥檇 try somewhere a bit less crowded.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>BahiaIsForGeeks
<Content>Pretty Lame Place! Went out there with a group of 7 in our 20s and 30s from the East Coast, USA.. The trip was worth it for the follow reasons:1) Good Company2) Good Weather3) Nice RoomsOther than that... The place was all old sunburned people from Canada - who were often very annoying. The nightlife was a complete joke; the place basically shuts down at 11 except for the brutal nightclub where the omnipresent resort employees are leading their corny dance routines. The food? Pretty hanus buffet - and the coffee was usually freezing. Wine was horrifying everywhere. The Japanese place was half-way decent... The Mexican place was terrible. The resort employees? Some were nice, but incredibly annoying on the beach. They have a DJ out there blasting terrible music - usually the Bahia Principe song, which is torture. Seeing all these old people doing beach aerobics was also pretty revolting.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	3	4	1	1	1	

<Author>KMG16
<Content>Paradise       Saona Island  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>donna 123
<Content>beautiful but beware there were 8 of us on this vacation between March4th-March 11. check in: fast but our requests made prior to the trip not met and my two boys had to share a king bed, which wasn't that bad but I had requested two double for them. restaurants: average food. couldn't get any reservations until 8:30 and that's a little too late for us to eat. no big deal really, just ate earlier in the buffet. had reservations at Mexican: not bad BBQ: good and Italian O.K. Take pepto with you. i almost always felt ill after every meal. not sure if it was the food, water, heat or maleria pills I was taking. others had no complaints so it may have been just me. grounds: Beautiful well manicured. Pools: very clean and nice warm water and swim up bars. try the choclate monkeystaff: friendly Beach: amazingly beautiful. eye candy. you have to be up and on the beach by 6:00 to get a nice spot with shade.  get a safe for your valuables. I made the mistake of not locking up my mp3 player and when i had a iron and board delivered to the room, when I wasn't watching the guy must have grabbed it off my dresser and into his pocket. Unbelivable. i reported it to the resort but of course they said their not responsible if it's not in the safe. we were right in the bloody room when he took it. Overall this resort is large but after a couple of days, you get used to it. my children 25, 18 and 13 really enjoyed it but got sick of the same food after about 4 days. Just because of the theft that happened to me I probably won't go back again.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>LyseOttawa
<Content>Bahia the Great - Punta Cana Chose the Bahia Principe on the recommendation of a travel agent at Itravel2000. Travelled with a girlfriend who had never been to the Carribean (she was a Florida girl). We were there one week from 5 November to 12 November 2006. It was excellent....though the resort was a little big for my liking. Room was awesome, with balcony and sitting area, large shower, great closet  bureaus...Service was great, food excellent, 5 star all the way. Though the Japanese a la carte was a bit rushed - would not do that again. The french was excellent. Book early, they fill up fast.Shows were better than average - for the most part - though you will get mosquito bitten (take some bug juice and use it every night). If you don't want to walk, there are little carts that travel through the resort every 5 or 10 minutes. The upgrade to diamond club was offered and we turned it down - but felt that we were well treated anyways. Make sure to get over to the Village Square just outside the gate on the right and see the live band there after dinner...it's very nice. There's a casino there, shops, internet, and a karaoke bar (where nobody sang)...This property is new and nice - but some part of me wants to see the ocean from my room when down there - not possible in a property like this...just too big...very few ocean front rooms. Also, there were lots of kids. And, finally, topless people everywhere. So as long as that's not offensive, you're o.k. This is a stay on resort property - not a get out and explore place. Overall, it was everything it was billed to be and I would go again.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>billandsuzanne
<Content>not what we expected We booked out vacation through our travel agent and while we knew the resort was larger than we were used to, we were told that if we upgraded to the Apple Golden we would be in a more isolated (ie adult) section and that we would have access to a private pool and dining room for breakfast and lunch and would have robes and slippers supplied.We also had requested a first floor room due to some personal health problems.When we arrived we found we were on the third floor of our unit and that it would take two or three days before we could move. By that time we were settled and just tried to make as few trips up and down the stairs as possible.We also found that there was no private pool or dining room.The site is beautiful and very well tended and it certainly is large; so large in fact that you had to take a trolley to go to any other area. The size also makes it difficult to secure a pool side or beach area cot unless you arrive by 7:30 am at the latest, otherwise you would be well removed.Another problem with the size of the site, which is we were told being expanded beyond the present 1500+ rooms, was due to the number of persons being fed at a great many sites, was that the food seldom was up to normal at home standards. We found that to get a hot meal you had to order from one of the buffet pasta stations. Most of the buffet selections were seldom hot and occasionally not even warm.At our Golden site, which certainly was not at all secluded there were three pools, but none we designated - it would have been more sensible to name one of the pools for kids, one for mixed and one for adults. Instead we had kids of all ages in every pool.There is no doubt that the rooms were nice and the whole site was exceptionally clean, but there didn't seem to be an overriding idea of what kind of place the owners were aiming to provide. For a site that is for families, there seemed to be no and very little (we never saw any) activities for the children, which we found at other family resorts we have visited.The biggest problem we found was that it was hard to communicate with those who were supposed to be providing the services. We realize that this is not an English Speaking country and don't expect total fluency, but we did expect those to whom we had to make contact with, ie the desk staff, or the concierges, would be more able to understand our requests. The room staff didn't seem to have any k nowledge of English at all.All in all this was not the trip we expected and would not likely return to this resort.billandsuzanne  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fivesees
<Content>One of the best resorts we have stayed in the Caribbean! Just got back last week from the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana having stayed a week March 3 through 10. We have been to the Dominican 3 times now, and also have been to the Mayan Riviera, Cuba and Antigua. This is one resort we would go back to. Immaculate grounds, excellent rooms and superb friendly service, no matter where you are on the resort or what time it is. The beach is fantastic and the pools are very clean. Buffets are pretty good, and the gourmet restaurant is the best all inclusive restaurant we have ever eaten in. Japanese was fun and the steak house was very good. I would recommend upgrading the red wine as the included wine was not very good. You could get a good bottle of red wine for $12 US. Worth it.My only complaint is the difficulty in getting a beach chair anytime after 8:30 a.m. This reserving of chairs with towels has got to stop. There would be chairs unoccupied for 4 to 5 hours at a time. Somewhere in this world, a resort must have figured a way of dealing with this. If so, can someone please spread the word. Maybe the solution is to have 5 times as many chairs as guests.The evening shows were pretty average. As everyone mentions, it is a huge resort, but the tram runs very often, and anyway the walks are a delight as it is very tropical and it was good to get some exercise. Didn't hurt that the weather was fantastic every day. Just a great resort!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYSeniorTraveler
<Content>Wonderful Experience for 3 generations We traveled via Toronto, Canada (although we are Americans)Feb. 17-24th, with our son, daughter-in-law and 5 year old grandson, hence 3 generations. Bahia Gran Principe is a beautiful resort, very clean, friendly and helpful staff with enough to keep everyone satisfied. The mobile tram which was outside our building made it very easy to get around. We were located at the large pool (Golden Section) near the beach and most of the restaurants, lobby and entertainment areas were at the opposite end of the resort. We dined at 4 different restaurants which were all upper-class, Italian, French, Steak House and Mediterreanthe staff was especially gracious to the youngster, he had his own Kid's Menu and was served rather than wait for the others to finish salad, soup, etc. Entertainment left a lot to be desired, but talent is probably at a minimum with so many resorts in the area. However, we were there for the pool, beach, food, drinks and warmer weather and by 10 PM, ready to call it a day. We would definitely rate this resort at the top of many other places we have traveled to in the Caribbean area  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IPItombi
<Content>Things Changed a bit since last visit Hola ! Visited this resort for two weeks Feb. 24 to march 10 . This was our second visit to this resort , we were here feb 14 to 28 in 2005. Both time Club Diamond. I'm not going to drag this out, but will write pro's and Cons and differences. Pro's Resort Grounds-- Beautiful Food --- Very Good Sevice --- Wonderful Ocean -- Beautiful as ever Beach-- Great  Con's  differences in two years . Diamond club pool dirty , not cleaned the two weeks we were there, moss growing on tiles, many tiles missing. Two years ago beautiful. Shade sun Areas chairs and tables none exsistent or broken. Two years ago thiving area to sit and relax . Two less people at the bar. Have to get up before 7:30 AM to get shade on the beach , two years ago it was no problem. Better get your chairs at the pools before 9 AM or your S.O.L. Your Beach towels !! Keep your pants on, the camarera will knock on your door 8:30 to 10:30 PM. Nothing Special for being a repeat customer, in fact First timers got Rum , T - Shirts Etc. I don;t care about about little things like that, But some people make issues about it. We tipped many of hundreds of dollars  gifts  got to get some pretty good laughs , and sincere Thank You's Which means a lot to me. Me Espanola pequeno, but enough to get by. These are just little problems I have seen, and hope they don't pile up as the resort expands.  Met some retty nice people from Quebec, Canada.  USA. many were repeat customers and told me the same , they will not be back until some of the issues I mentioned above are looked at. Would we go back ? Probably not until things get starightened around. Any Questions ? Fred  Sharron . sluiter@speedway.net  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Fletcher4
<Content>Great vacation for 4 year olds to 70 year olds       Resort Bavaro side (tram route)  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ARTISTE1957
<Content>Awsome! Vacationers From Grand Falls NB Canada Left from Moncton, NB Canada airport on March 5th and returned March 12th 2007. We booked with a local agency in Grand Falls and by the way it's worth every penny! We had the all inclusive Golden Club with Air Transat. First thing we really enjoyed was the resort representative did our motel booking on the bus, so when we arrived to the resort and we were taken directly to our rooms. The resort is BIG but you have to put in mind that there isn't perfect but they do their BEST! We were in building 20 second floor, ocean view, one of the buildings closes to the ocean. We had access to pool very close by, restaurants...In our deal we had access to 4 a la carte diners. We enjoyed the Japanese, the food was superb. The only little thing we all aggreed on is the we felt a little rush. We didn't have time to really appreciate the well prepared foods we were served. If you go to this resort I highly recommend that you go to this restaurant. The other we really enjoyed was the Italian. Food was excellent and service great! I think even if we wouldn't of been able to go to these a la carte diners that the BUFFETS were always done with great care and the choice of foods was overwelming and very good! The room was always well kept and excellent service. We had a broken remote controle and in no time they brought us another one. We got a big basket of fruits, next day a bag with a bottle of rum, 2 T-shirts and chocolats and we had little flower arrangements every day. We always had enough wash cloths, beach towels and room always very clean. My husband enjoyed the cigars there! It's true they have very good cigars and beautiful hand made jewellery with the Larimar precious stone mined directly from the Dominican Republic. One day our cigar lighter was going on the blink and we didn't know where to buy lighter fluid. We met the Cigar Shop owner and he was kind enough to fill our lighter and didn't even want to get paid! He didn't have to do that but he did, and we saw that he was friendly, honest and for him he wanted to make certain that we were pleased and we wanted to return to this resort. We also had a chance to witness a few weddings. A couple on the beach and one in the Chapel. I'm certain that the people who got married there had their DREAM WEDDINGS! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS RESORT!!! You won't be disapointed. I know if I ever get the chance to return I would certainly return there!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>angel024
<Content>Paradise in Punta Cana Just returned from a 2 week holiday, We were there from Feb 19-March 5. We have never stayed at an all inclusive resort before so we nothing to compare to. I traveled with my husband, father and my sister. The resort was beautiful, well maintained and very clean. The staff was extremely friendly. We don't speak Spanish and they don't speak much English but through our atempts to speak Spanish and their atempts to speak English we managed and generally everyone had a good laugh.The resort is quite large but easy to get around. We stayed at Villa 9307. We were about a 5 min walk to the beach and 10 min walk to main buffet and lobby bar. There is a tram that travels around the resort if you don't feel like walking or to tired from a long hot day at the beach. My father who is 75 used the tram quite regularly. Our room was located on the third floor and my father found the stair climb quite taxing at times as there are no elevators. The staff was exceptional always smiling and seemed to enjoy their jobs. Raphael the lobby bartender was very friendly and very generous with the alcohol he poured into a drink. Jaun the beach bar tender was very funny and at night he went around the lobby bar with MamaJuana which is called Domician Viagra. Seems to be a local joke. The maid always kept out bar fridge well stocke with water, beer and pop if that is what you chose to drink. These people work extremely hard working 12 days in arow and then getting only 3 days off. They rely heavily on tips as supplemental income so bring lots of American ones they really do go along way and much appreciated.The food was amazing always found something to eat even if you are a fussy eater. The pizza at the beach bar was a great snack if you got a little hungry at the beach. We ate at 5 ala carte restaurants. The Domician, the Japanaese, the French, the Italian and the Garden Grill. We enjoyed the French and the Italian ones the most. We felt to rushed at the Japanese restaurant as my father is a slow eater.We went on two excursions. The Bavaro Runners and the Marinarium. Both were amazing.Our tour guide Mimi on the Bavaro Runners tour was very informative and very funny. The marinarium crew were awesome and even got my father up to dance made is day.All in all we had an absolutely fabulous time and definately go back.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>charles&Brenda
<Content>amazing We were at the Resort for a week, March 3 to March 10. Amazing staff, Rooms, service, all of it. the beach was perfect, weather was perfect. the people were so warm and friendly. the lobby Bar was our spot in the evening. i would come here again!!...any questions feel free to email me.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Balders12
<Content>What a Hotel What a Hotel, never seen anything like it.Stayed at this hotel 7th Feb - 21st Feb 2007This hotel is huge over 1300 rooms but a huge amount of space to go with it, never struggled to get a sun lounger around the pool or on the beach.Upgraded to the Golden Club, was in villa block one which was right next to the pool and beach which was ideal. The down side to this was we were the furthest point away from main reception and the main buffet restaraunt, although this was not to bad as there was the mini tram, although we tended to walk and work of all the food and alcohol.The choice of restaraunts was superb, in order of merit French - Truly A La Carte, superb foodJapenese - great for the experience and excelent food, try the fried ice cream for desert Italian - Very good foodSteak House - nice food but difficult to get into as deemed the most popular, maybe it's becuase Steak is an easy choiceMexican - Went twice and choice was goodMediteranean - food OK but a bit disappointed that they did not offer a child menuOlas - Very disappointing, would not return to these if you paid me.Buffet - Very good selection, always something to all tastes.The rooms were very clean and tidy, had a problem with sleeping arrangements but I believe that this was more to blame on the tour operator than the hotel.The grounds of the hotel were immaculately kept.Only complaint I had with the hotel was the fact that 3 things got charged to my room that was not down to me and they seemed blase about them and it took 3 days to argue the point to get them removed. Even though their records would have shown that we were not in the restaraunts on the days that we were supposed to ordered bottles of wine.Other than that my whole party had a fabulous time and would all return, would recommend it to anyone.Enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DenPau
<Content>Beautifull resort, Great staff but My wife and I just came back from a week ( 12 Mar. 07 ) at the Grand Bahai. The property is very well kept and beautifull but a few things could be better, first -hide some towells in your room has we found that you do not get fresh towels until after supper, so when you come to your room after a day in the sun you have no towels to shower with before supper, we had to phone three times for towels. No complaints about the food, Buffet had lots of choice, the French and Japanese A la carte restaurant were excellent, The staff is great our maid tried all she could to get us towels but it was not her fault that the clean towels were not delivered to her until after supper. Wanna and Victor in the lobby lounge were excellent and very entertaining, say Holla for us we miss them already. One big problem is too many familly with kids ( babys to 5,6 years old) don't get me wrong we also have children, but when you spent that kind of money it is not to lesson to other kids, and why spent that kind of money and not relax with-out them. The other problem is the resort althought beautifull it is too big and their is too many people ( 5000 +/-). Have to get up every morning at 7:00 to 7:30 to reserve a couples of chairs at the pool or the beach has some people do the same and do not show up until late afternoon, there is a 2 hrs limit on the chair reservation as per resort rule and be considerate to other people.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>surf11
<Content>Would I pay for club golden upgrade? NOOOOO!! Was there between March 4 and March 11. Great weather, the hotel scores the most points for cleanliness. Staff very friendly. Food OK. Japanese Restaurant the best. Great beach. Site too big for my taste. As far as the golden upgrade is concerned....we didn't get the private check-in on the bus. We had to go to the golden reception to be told then they were closed and had to go to the front desk. It was 11p.m. They say you get the building closest to the beach..wrong we got building #65....it's not even on the hotel map and it is not that close. they say you get beach towels in your room...right but not the right number. we were 3 in the room and four times I had to call the reception and and ask for a third towel. they woukd only left 2. Besides since we were the farthest building we would get the change of towels very late in the evening. Golden club upgrade not that great. I could have complained more but i was there for a week and didn't want to travel back and forth between the beach end the reception.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	2	5	1	5	5	

<Author>Glesgaboy
<Content>Excellent choice Coming in from Toronto, we stayed for one week at the Bahia booked in to the Premier section and if I stayed again then it would be in the same area. Reading most reviews here and I would echo all thats been said about this resort. Its a beautiful place and most definately 5 star. Our room over looked the beautiful pool and it was heaven for one week. Ive been to quite a few resorts in Cuba , Mexico and others in Punta Cana and Puerta Plata and this one is definately up there with my other favourites. From the moment we arrived greeted by the manager Jetro, till we left with a wave from the lobby barman Jose, we had a great vacation. I had 2 minor complaints on this trip and both are nothing to be concerned about if your heading here. # 1, the house red wine is absolutely disgusting its like red vinegar, it has to be the worst red wine in the world, lol. Buy a nice bottle of red from their wine list around $13. #2, the place is way too big and thats why I stayed mostly in the premier area but as I said, this was my choice. Its a great place and a great choice for your vacation. Ive read these other reviews and theres a couple of complaints but my wife and I honestly had a great time. Do not let the sellers in the market rip you off. Whatever they tell you offer them 10% of their asking price cause that price will be closer to the right price. We experienced no problems coming in or leaving at the airport with both flights right on schedule. As much as I like the Dominican ( our third visit ) I cant see us going back there. I like to leave the resorts and other than going on a jungle tour or the likes, I didnt fancy heading out in to the Punta Cana area without someone watching out for me. PS: The Japanese restaraunt was awesome.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UkDeb
<Content>Beautiful resort but a few minor problems Just returned from a two week stay at the Bahia principe and thought I would write a review giving an honest British point of view ( as not many reviews from us Brits!). I have been reading all the reviews for months before the holiday and was pretty confident that it would be okay - and it was.Arrived at Punta Cana airport and thought it was a very nice looking airport with the thatched roofs. Got through very quickly and if you really want to carry your own bags through then believe me you have to be VERY FIRM with the men waiting there. They block the way through and we did find it a bit intimidating. It probably would be easier to just part with your dollar and let them carry them for you but it depends on your principles!Hotel check in was done on the bus on the way to the resort and this was an excellent idea and saved you from queing at the reception on arrival. Just be sure to wait at the entrance of the hotel for a bellboy to transport you and your luggage to your room! ( Otherwise you'll be wandering around like us until we decided to go back to the front of the hotel.)Basically all previous reviews are very accurate when they decribe the resort as large and very beaufiful, that is spot on. We went to south of the island a few years ago to a 3* hotel and the Principe won hands down for beauty. The size of the hotel is never a problem with the use of the shuttle buses if you really don't want to walk.With regard to the food I must admit we were a bit dissapointed with the buffet, we went to a Riu Palace in Mexico a couple of years ago and that buffet was much better. Having said that you certainly won't go hungry and I must say it does sort of grow on you as the time passes and you begin to find different things to try. I think it depends on what you have experienced in the past. Most of the A la Cartes were very good, the Garden Grill and the japenese being our favourites.Service at the hotel was excellent and neally all the staff were very friendly and helpful. Language barrier was occasionally a problem but you will get by! (Vino Blanco, Vino Tinto (white and red wine) and dos cervezas (2 beers) were our most important requests in Spanish during the holiday!!!!!)Our main gripes were the fact that you had to get up at the crack of dawn to get sunbeds with a shade (which obviously you don't really want to do on your holiday) and the fact that the ppols and beach were quite noisy sometimes. ( A lot of the noise was being made by the hundereds of Canadians that holiday there, they seem to be unable to speak in normal voice levels!)So there you have it, we thoroughly enjoyed our holiday despite the few complaints and would return there maybe someday.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>jasonx
<Content>Good. Trying to answer your questions       Room  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>JennRegina
<Content>Amazing vacation!       Airport  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nisey d
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel We stayed at the Gran Bahia from 25/01/07 to 08/02/07 and had an absolutely wonderful holiday but as holidays and hotels go everyone has its ups and downs.Firstly let me tell you that our group consisted of ages 2, 5, 23, 27, 43 and 49 therefor a wide range of ages. The rooms were absolutely spotless and everyday we came home to some sort of swan or animal made from the towels, we even came home to a bath full of bubbles and rose petals one day, what a wonderful touch. The bathroom was gorgeous all marble with jacuzzi bath, every room is the same the only difference is if you request king size you get the size of two double beds together, every room has a seated area and table with two chairs, the wardrobes are four doors with three of them being hanging space and shelves above and below and the fourth being shelves where your safe is situated. the minibar is the fridge inside the dressing table which contained 3 cans of beer, 2 x 2ltr water and 6 bottles of pepsi/7up/orange.The only difference with the higher grades was the choice of an extra pool, more restaurant visits and for the gold service 24hr butler service and a few extras, but the normal service was very adequate and unless you go on holiday to be waited on, no need really.We had the lowest grade and were extremely satisfieed with everything we had. we were situated in block 16 room 201 and we were right at the side of the pool on the first floor the best rooms In the complex I would suggest are blocks 15 , 16and 17 as they are quite central and close to the buffet restaurant and nightly entertainment.The food in the buffet restaurant was wonderful, plenty of choice, beautifully cooked and not too much repetition, we did go to 3 of the other restaurants but having the younger children we found it easier to go to the buffet and let them pick what they wanted and as much or little as they wanted, but other than that the restaurants were all wonderful, only the barbeque we found to be missable it was basically an openair buffet but not as much choice.The entertainment was a bit hit and miss but do make sure you go to the Micheal Jackson night as that was a wonderful show. The only problem with the entertainment was the fact that they had to through so many languages to introduce everything it got a bit tedious. The kids loved the clowns everynight but that was repetetive. In the lobby bar there was a piano player/singer which was quite relaxing and from 11pm the pueblo principe continued with the entertainment until 1pm then the disco til approx 3pm then the casino (drinks have to be paid for in here) until you dropped basically.Lobby bar was bad for service unless you tip generously and you often found people throwing tips at the bar staff to get served so if you diddnt show the money you were the last to get served, can't really blame bar staff most of us would do the same if we were getting money thrown at us but once you'd tipped a few times they got to know your face and you got served no other bars were as bad as that though.The kids club was a bit disapointing though as the staff couln't speak much english and when we left the children aged 2 and 5 they were left to wander back to us on their own which we were not pleased about. Probably ok for the older ones.Food was available 24hrs basically Breakfast 6.30 - 10.30Beach bar 10am -5pmLunch 12.30 - 3.30Tea/coffe  biscuits 10.30 - 6.30Evening meal 6.30pm - 10.30pmBurger bar (pueblo principe)10pm - 7amThe beach was beautiful and the sea was so clear if you walk on the beach to your left just past the warning sign there was a nice bit of coral to go snorkelling.The shuttle bus ran constantly from about 5.30 in the morning thro to 3am there was always one waiting to be filled at each end of the complex whilst there was always one or two more on the move so you only had a few minute to wait for one at any time of the day, we would nip down in our swimwear to the beach and back up in our wet cozzi's which didn't matter cos the seats were waterproof.All in all a very happy holiday with some very nice friendly people especially the staff wo were always eager to please and well worth the odd tip or two.Do book your restaurants asap and get your dollars before you leave as they don't give too good a rate.The nearest large town is about 4hr drive away though so dont expect to go far away from the complex unless you're going on a trip, Manati Park is a must for $30 adults $15 children including bus and entrance fee, Dolphin show, Quite funny parrot show , horse show etc and plenty of photo opportunities great day out for a small price.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunseeker4ever
<Content>Great facility and beach - However!!!! The Gand Bahia Principe was generally a very nice resort with great facilities and beach. However there were several incidents that made our visit less than enjoyable and thus my lower rating for overall experience.First the cons.- Our flight was cancelled and we arrived a day late. Even though  the hotel was notified thru GOGO Travel there seemed to be a snafu with our check in at the Club Golden reception area. it  took about 20 mins even though we were the only people  checking in at approx 3:30 pm. Much computer checking for our room it appeared. Finally assigned Villa 64-110. It was 2 dbl  beds, not the king requested and we were told we would get. Unpacked and headed to beach/pool. Came back and went to  take shower and discovered water leaking from above our  shower from what I assumed wwas the shower above.  Contacted Club Golden to inform and they said thet would send someone. Went to dinner/drinks and returned to room late.  Shower was not leaking (Anyone using unit above?) but wiped up what I thought was residual water on the floor.- Next morning awoke and found puddle 2x4 ft on floor from  leaking shower. Also discovered no robes/slippers/room  service menu per Club Golden upgrade. Conatcted club Golden again and informed that i wished to be moved to another room, this time with the king bed and amenities included in Club Golden. Moved to Villa 23-104 around 4 pm when it was  available. Club Golden said that they would comp the cost of the in room safe for our inconvience, just stop by the Club Golden reception office to collect the refund. We set the safe and tested it once and all ok. When we got ready to go to dinner and lock it, it wouldn't work. Called Club Golden to report and  told a technician would be there in 5-10 mins. 30 mins later we carried our stuff with us and went to dinner because no one  came.- Stopped by Club Golden after dinner that same night to collect our refund, but was told that we would have to come back the next day after 10 am for this. Also checked on the status of safe repair and was told that we needed to be in the room when the tech was there. Call them when we get there and they will send a tech, 5-10 min arrival after call. We made the 1st call at 8 pm from the room. At 8:30 we made the 2nd call to inform no show. At 9 pm called main reception and spoke to a manager (???) who took info and said they would call right back. At 9:30 called guest services to inform of all the above  and my desire to register a formal complaint with management. I did not pay to stay in my room all night at this resort while  being told 5-10 mins, I had been more than patient up to this point. At 9:45 the tech finally arrives and replaces the 4 AA  batteries that caused the whole problem, a 5 min fix.- On our 3rd day there we were called at 8:20 am telling us we needed to stop by and sign new papers for the safe,even though we had done this with our initial room. Good thing we were awake. Finally went to Club Golden office late that  afternoon and they didn't know what we were talking about.  Told to return the next morning again to resolve. I'm spending more time with Club Golden than anywhere's else in the resort.- Finally on the 4th morning we meet with Juan in Club Golden office to resolve all this. Juan must be some kind of manager because he wears a golden yellow shirt to set him off the other employees. he now tells me that I must present my PASSPORT so they can make a copy in order to refund my measley $20 dollars. At this point I inform him and all in the office that I WILL NOT DO THIS AND THIS IS THE LAST  APEARENCE I WILL MAKE IN THIS OFFICE. I HAVE SPENT WAY TOO MUCH TIME IN DEALING WITH THE CLUB GOLDEN REPS WITH LITTLE SUCCESS.- Little do I realize that I have to go to Club Golden to Check out on my last day. When I do there is a discrepency in my bar bill. We had 1 scotch and 1 Grand Marnier that where not all inclusive. The first check presented to me that night was for $2500 Dominican which was an error and I didn't sign. The  correct amount was $510 Dominican which I signed for. Of course at check out they wanted $3010 Dominican. One more time I was asked to come back in a little while after they went to check the issue out at the lobby bar. We go to breakfast and return to find all is finally well and we are issued our all important CHECK OUT VOUCHER. Without this security will  permit you to collect your luggage and board the transferr transportation to the airport.- You must get up early (before 8 am) to place towels on chairs if you desire any shade during the day. Resort info says that this is prohibited, but not enforced. We observed many reserved chairs not occupied from 8 - 12:30 pm and then the reservers would leave by 2 pm. No consideration for others. And these were not all AMERICANS as a lot of people are fond of blaming.- Hard to make reservations for restuarants. With many groups staying for 2 weeks at a time it was hard for us on our 5 day trip to get in anywhere unless you wanted to dine at 9-9:30 pm.  Then there were still limited options. We wound up only getting one while there.Now the pros- Beautiful resort and generally well maintained.- Great beach and water. A little murky and choppy but still great.- Very hardworking employees, make sure to take $100 worth of $1 bills and tip. Not needed but they deserve it.- Buffets were good. Tried several things that I've never had  before. Never got sick.- Ate at the Mediteranean one evening.Good food and service. A nice change from buffet.- Outstanding bartenders in Punta Cana lobby bar at night. Say  Hola ! to Alexis and Juan. Great guys. Please tip them well.- Drink MamaJuana, it will cure what ails you. Called liquid viagra by some.We brought the makings home. Buy it at the airport after you clear inspection and carry on (bottle with dry ingredients only). If comming thru San Juan they may question you but will let it thru.My intentention isn't to slam this resort, only to tell the misfortunes that we encountered . Hope all that visit in the future have better luck than we did.IF IT WEREN'T FOR BAD LUCK I'D HAVE NO LUCK AT ALL !!!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	4	4	1	2	4	

<Author>TNTKingston
<Content>Can't wait to go back...5 star all the way!       Beach and some parasailing  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>JBfromToronto
<Content>A fantastic holiday resort We (ages 45 and 61) stayed in the Royal Golden (villa 3) from Feb 17 to March 3rd. We were very impressed by the property as a whole. It is extremely clean, very lush (the grounds are beautiful), the food is excellent.Food: - all restaurants are very good. We did not have a bad meal during our stay.- best is the Gourmet/Le Paris.... least favourite was the Brazilian,although it was good.Entertainment:- there is a show each night, but we didn't go to it. The lobby bars are great with live entertainment.Tips:- we didn't have an iron in the room, but they are available if you ask.- late check out is available at $10 per hour.- make dinner reservations on your first day- bath robes and slippers provided in Royal Golden- each room has a large golf umbrella in case of rain- Rum and coffee cost about as much at the hotel as they do at the beach vendor (walk to the right about 20 minutes along the beach). Just as easy to buy in the hotel so you don't have to carry them.- Cigars at the beach vendor were better and cheaper than in the hotel- only true disappointment was the massage at the spa. I'm a big spa fan and the massage I had (US$67 for 50 minutes) was the poorest I've had while on vacation or at home.- included wine is ok (white is better than red). A pleasant red from Spain was about $23 a bottle.- Casino is ok. Miniums on tables are $5 or $10.- only 3 quarter slots. The rest are penny or nickle slots- Rest rooms in Punta Cana airport are not great. Be sure to take wet wipes/purel.- There's now a Wendy's at the airport- don't pack any liquids in your carry on going home...they will take it from you (rum included).We travel every winter and never go back to the same place twice. I would return to the Bahia Principe again without reservation.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>J_travelB
<Content>You have to look pretty hard to complain!!! We stayed at the Bahia Principe from Jan 19 to 26th 2007.We have to agree that after reading so many reviews of this place, and having traveled to a large number of hotels in the carribean, there really isn't anything to complain about. This place is huge. But, it is a well-oiled machine. While we were there, it was to capacity, and that means (from what a worker told us) about 5000 guests. But, you really could not see it - the hotel covers so much land, its so well organized, and there are so many pools and beach - it really does not seem too crowded.I do have to say (because this was very difficult for me to get information on before I actually got there)--- something about the upgrades. We traveled from Canada, and got the Premier package. For us this meant that we were about as far back from the beach as you can get - they say this is a quieter part of the hotel, and we did have a large 'private' pool and a restaurant that was smaller and more 'personal' than the large main buffet restaurant. Anyway, I just thought that I would add that in because the way the travel supplier explained it, they figured it was closer to the beach. The Gold section is closest to the beach. The staff are trying their best, and are - unlike most places we have gone- are definately NOT moving at Carribean speed. These people hustle. They really are trying to please.It was a great experience overall. I could go on and on, but I just wanted to say that it was the cleanest hotel I have ever been to, and I never heard of anyone getting sick while I was there at all (which is always a bit of a concern for me, especially since I work as a scientist in the area of food microbiology). Keep in mind though, if you go there and eat 10lbs of fresh fruit - that will be a bit of a shock to your intestines (even though there are no bacteria involved)!!! Give yourself a chance to get used to the wonderful fresh fruits!!!Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sleepy510
<Content>Absolute Paradise!       Bavaro Runners trip  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Truman'sMommy
<Content>Great Resort! Great Time My family just returned from a weeks vacation at the Bahia Principe. My husband and I travelled with our young son (6 months old) and both sets of parents. We have never experienced such remarkable service before. We arrived at the hotel at about 10pm and our check in was easy and pain free. When we arrived in our room, our baby cot was not there but was delivered within 10 minutes. That evening we ordered room service and it also arrived quickly. Most of the staff members were very friendly and tried there best to help.The resort itself is large and when we were there it was at full capacity. We had some difficulty getting lounge chairs at the pool on our first day at 10 am. We quickly learned to reserve seats for the rest of our stay, even though the resort does not purport to allow this. The beach was beautiful and was less busy at the ends of the property. The water was quite wavy and our poor son was so afraid each time we took him in! The grounds at the resort were very well maintained and it seemed at any time of the day there would be staff members doing something to maintain its beauty!The food as well was excellent. The buffet had a lot of choices and there was always something that my picky mother could find to eat! For breakfast we ate at the buffet as well as the fish restaurant, which had less choice but was less busy. For lunch we tried each restaurant and there was always something different to try! We ate at four of the a la carte restaurants, Brazilian, Mexican, Japanese and French. The atmosphere at the Brazilian restaurant was nice as it was close to the beach and outside. The food was good but it was our least favourite. My husband and I went to the Mexican restaurant on our own and it was fantastic! There were plenty of appetizers to chose from (buffet style) and the main courses were delicious. We went as a large group to the Japanese restaurant which was a lot of fun. The sushi was great and the food could rival any Japanese restaurant here in Toronto. We also loved the French restaurant - the filet mignon was excellent and again the service was unbelievable! Oh, the cappuccinos in the lobby bar are delish and I think we had at least one a day!We would highly recommend this resort and would even think about returning!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Travelsof2
<Content>Bahia though it would be better Not to sound like a chump the place is OK Huge and thats what makes it not that great. No loungers after 8:00 AM try 7:00 AM. Eat breakfast at the beach. Dinner at the buffet so so. Restaurants fair to exceptional Brazil -3 Japanese 5 French 5 Mexican 4 lunch at the pool well lets see. Hot dogs -1 hamburgers -0001 Is this Alpo 鈥渨oof, woof Pizza -6 Salads none existent unless tomatoes and lettuce are your idea for salad. Note to the bacon lover you can get it at the beach (early) and from the line cook at the buffet, Oh by the way what is breakfast turnip? I ate a lot of fruit ( beware the nasty tummy thing not here... never got it!)The pools two in the middle of the resort quiet but in the middle of the resort The beach pool crowded, noisy lots of rude people and from all countries! Saw a family saving 12 loungers both at the pool and the beach at the same time. Best bar the lobby before and after dinner. Preimium drinks just ask you usually don't have to pay. All bars in the hotel close at 11:00 and you have to go to the party spot near the casino (lame)The place is clean as a whistle get the second floor as the ground floor rooms have a good selection of bugs!Staff great, Like I said the resort is huge prepare to walk and walk and ........... Security no sweat bring a C clamp for the sliding door and two tie wraps for the night latch Put one tie wrap around the door handle and the other on the night latch and through the first Presto no entry! (figure 8)Beach great and miles to walk if you go to the right you will find the Market (Little Chicago) To the left miles of solitude. If you got this resort on a discount its a good deal, full pop well not reallyThe size is just to over powering. Just a comment about kids they are everywhere and have the manners of a snake. Saw two playing soccer in the lobby with a beach ball and bouncing it furniture and people. All in all if you have small kids its a good spot if your older go some where else you might get a lounge chair too!!!!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Saskcouple
<Content>Grand Time at Bahia Principe Stayed at the Bahia Principe from February 16 - 23, 2007. This is our second trip to Punta Cana in 2 yearsCheck In - The Check in was completed on our way from the airport to the hotel. We received an envelope with our information and key cards. The bus ride was enjoyable, especially the stop on the way for Presidente's, nothing like a cold beer after a long flight. We were met at the front entrance by staff and our luggage was loaded on to the trams and we were transported directly to our room.Room - We were placed in building #62 which is in the newer section of the resort in Club Golden. Rooms are slightly larger than the regular junior suites, but I think this is more based upon the design of the new buildings. The room came complete with a 4 poster King bed and Sitting area. The bathroom was a pleasant surprise with a separate jacuzzi tub and stand alone shower. Beach - This is why we come to the Dominican, the beach is awesome, nuff said. Only disappointment is you must arrive early in the a.m. to choose your beach spot if you like to have some shade during the day. Restaurants - We had the buffet breakfast daily and were very satisfied with the selection of food offered. It is no different from your Sunday brunch buffet available at home. We had four Al a Carte meals in the following restaurants.Twice in the French restaurant. The food was good along with the service, no complaints other than the steaks were a little on the small side, but very tasty.One meal at the Italian restaurant. Pasta is very good and service was prompt.Our last Al a Carte was at the Brazilian outdoor BBQ. This was our favourite. The waiters come around to your table with BBQ portions of meat on skewers and you can pick and choose what you would like to eat. The choices include, Tenderloin, Pork, Chicken, Lamb, Lobster, Sausage, etc.Drinks - There are plenty of bars to choose from on the resort, and service is good at any of them. Never a long wait, even at the busiest of times. Although not all of the bars had presidente on tap, so if this is your drink of choice down there, you have to look to make sure that is what you are getting.Overall - We were very pleased with this resort and would recommend it easily.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>playaregular
<Content>You couldn't ask for anything more.... This is about my 20th trip south and have to say I was very reluctant about going to the Dominican Republic because I had heard about people having stomach issues. Needless to say I was fine although some of the people I was with did have stomach pain but I think it was the excess drinking and not the food. I was pleasantly surprised with this resort, everything you could possible want is there. Great restaurants, I have to say the French and Garden Grill very excellent, I'm talking gourmet style food. I find any buffet ever good ones very repetative by day 3 but there us something for everyone. The beach is beautiful, gorgeous water. Room was spacious and the maid was exceptional. We had big bottles of water, pop and beer in our rooms everydayt. The grounds are beautifully maintained the the trolly was a nice touch although it really isn't that far to walk from the lobby to the beach. The casino although pretty small was fun. The lobby bar had the best selection on drinks, especially the Irish coffee. There are shows and entertainment every night of that is your scene although with a disco that usually gets going at around midnight. If an all inclusive resort (never leaving resort) is your preference then this is the place for you. I can't complain about anything and trust me I usually do!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sun-travellersnowyon
<Content>Paradise       sanoa island  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>snowprincess80
<Content>We just got back and MISS IT SOOOO MUCH!! Feb.24th-Mar.3rdMy husband and I just got back from the Bahia Principe, and after staying for one week, we are missing it VERY MUCH!!!As the other reviews state, the resort itself is extremely large and beautifully landscaped. There is a shuttle that brings you back and forth to wherever you'd like to go, and you never have to wait more than 2 minutes for one. We found the guests to be of all ages, which was nice. Lots of families with young children.Lots of Canadians and French also.STAFF:We found the staff very friendly and helpful, although some don't speak english, but don't worry, because most of them do, and are always glad to help you out with anything.It's true about the tipping - it goes a LONG way with the maids and servers, so don't be cheap!FOOD:We found lots of variety at the buffet, especially for breakfast.Just like any buffet, it did get repetetive, but I expected it.Lunch was great as well (in the main dining room buffet). We ate at the beach snack bar once, but were a bit weary of the food sitting out in the heat.Buffet dinners were always good, and the restaurants were even better. Just stay away from the grill restaurants near the beach.Four of us went, and only one got a bit of a stomach ache (but that could be the result of the unlimited drinks!)POOL / BEACH:Fabulous, Fabulous, Fabulous!3 HUGE pools, and the beach is to die for (nice and warm)If you get there by at least 10:30, you should find enough beach chairs. FYI: BEWARE OF OLDER MEN WHO ENJOY WEARING THONG BATHING SUITS!!!  NIGHTLIFE: The nightlife is what you make of it. We had a blast at the shows, the casino, shopping, and strolling on the beach.There's also a small nightclub, but we didn't go. Lastly, take advantage of the excursions, they're worth it. We went horseback riding on the beach, and we rented some ATV's for a few hours and it was awesome.If you plan to book here, ENJOY!!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>saskrinkrat
<Content>Wow - what a place for a first-time traveller! I'd never been out of Canada (not even to the US!) so this was a trip of a lifetime for me. A friend from Ottawa and I (from Saskatchewan) travelled via Air Canada Vacations to Punta Cana on January 20, returning February 4. The airport itself was a real eye-opener, it is an open air, thatched roof building. Unlike our airport security, everyone was pretty relaxed. We arrived late on the 20th about 10:30 p.m. our bus ride to the resort was in the dark so I wasn't able to get a sense of the country at that time.We were welcomed at the resort at the reception desk, checked in quickly and were soon on our way to our room. I really question people who say the staff do not speak English, we certainly never had difficulty communicating with anyone, right from the beginning. We arrived at our room in Villa 10 and were thrilled. I had e-mailed the week before to request a second floor room with two beds and that is exactly what we got. Our villa was in the perfect spot, about 1/2 way between the main lobby (and buffet) and the beach. We soon devloped a routine, up about 8:30 in the morning, off to get our towels and grab a palapas on the beach. If you don't like crowds, try the right hand side of the beach near the sports equipment. The chairs are further apart so there are fewer people. We'd hit the buffet for breakfast about 9:30 or so, back the beach, lunch at about 2:00-2:30 at the beach snack bar, back the beach, making our way back to our room about 5:30 or so. Probably sounds very lazy, but we were both there to relax and unwind so for us, it was perfect. Back at our room, we'd have a drink or two on the balcony, then shower and change for the evening activities. Having said that, we did get off our deck chairs and check out the place. We wandered down the beach to a local market, did a little shopping. I'm not much of a haggler but came back pleased with my purchases. The shops have these fun names, like Sammy Sousa, John Wayne, etc. Watch out for Cheapy, Cheapy #1 - he's certainly doesn't live up to his name! My friend Tracy was brave enough to go parasailing while I booked a massage at the spa! We also did the Outback Safari tour - it was so much fun, a terrific day and well worth the cost. We visited the Pueblo Principe a couple of times to do a little shopping (and a little imbibing too!)One of the things we did early on was to book our a la cartes. Since we were there two weeks, we were able to get to 6 of them. I'd recommend the Medeterranian, the French (Gourmet), the Grillhouse, the Japanese, and the Mexican. The only one I was disappointed with was the Brazillian. They brought lots of meat on large skewers around to the table, salads, vegetables, etc. were available at the buffet. Since I'm not a big meat eater I was not a big fan. All of the others had great ambiance, terrific service and great food. If you can't find something to eat there, you must be a very finicky eater. The buffets always had an incredible spread and each evening had a different theme. My favorite dish at the buffet was the Chicken Gordon Blue (they list the dishes in five languages, so I guess sometimes the spelling gets missed!). I tended to stick to menu items I knew or recognized as I'm not a particularly adventurous foody but I always had enough to eat and enjoyed the food very much. Be sure to try the pumpkin cream soup at the French restaurant, it was fantastic! The staff were superlative, they were friendly, always smiling and eager to help, with one exception. The women who work in the main gift shop were, on occasion, downright rude and more concerned with how they looked that helping their customers. Some of the individuals we met were young Juan at the beach bar, Raphael at the towel hut, Mr. Stick (security on the beach - never did get his name!), Ramone and Justina at the main lobby bar, Mr. Finger (the maitre d' at the main buffet), and of course, I can't forget L.V. (short for Las Vegas). L.V. is the lounge singer at the main lobby bar and our nickname for him truly describes his persona. They all work very hard and we heard more than once, someone saying, I love my job. It would be wonderful if we all felt that way about our work.I would have to say that my only real disappointment (aside from arriving home to -30C weather) was the fact that people can, and do smoke pretty much anywhere. There are lots of butts littering the beach sand although the groundskeepers keep the rest of the resort clean. There is no smoking allowed at the main buffet and many of the a la cartes which was nice. Neither is it allowed on the trolly buses but that didn't stop some individuals. I would highly recommend this resort for people looking for rest, and relaxation. This isn't a party place as everything shuts down by about 2 a.m. We were only out that late one night of our stay because being out in the sun and fresh air everyday made sleeping easy. But if you're looking for somewhere to de-stress and unwind this resort is terrific. The gounds are immaculate and beautiful, the food plentiful and tasty, the staff courteous and helpful. Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>AdeChris
<Content>Loved It! I'll keep this short. We stayed at the resort from Feb 22 - Mar 1 2007. Loved every minute of it.It was spotless, the rooms where spacious, the food was good (considering it is mostly buffet), and the grounds beautiful. The standout is the beach - gorgeous white sand and turquoise water. The beach goes forever and if you like to beach walk and people watch, this is the place.The resort is large, the shuttles are frequent and easy to use. We would definitely return for another beach holiday.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Hunter75
<Content>Beautiful Resort, BUT beware of One serious issue!       Our view  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vanc0uverIslander
<Content>A stressless fun vacationing place. Vancouver Islanders CR We vacationed here from Jan31/07-Feb14/07. During our vacation we never really had a complaint about anything. We had absolutely beautiful weather for our whole trip. The rooms are clean and spacious, the food was plentiful, having lots to choose from, and of course the drinks...they are always good. I found that the staff were very professional at all times, providing good service without expecting tips which had really bothered me at other resorts we had been at. They worked very hard and seemed to be always working. On my birthday, they brought me a cake and sang Happy Birthday. Sure there is a communication barrier but you can still converse. We hung out at the Diamond Club pool bar around 3-6pm and seemed to hook up with a lot of Canadians. The beach is magnificent and you can walk for miles. If you want a chair on the beach, go to the left and their are usually some there. To buy your rum and souvenirs, go to the supermarket 2 hours away by walking to your right side. I was a little disappointed with their gym. It was very small for the size of the resort but...who goes on vacation to workout? The walk back and forth is good exercise. The food never made us sick. We tried the Japanese, Mexican, French, Brazillian, BBQ and the Italian for lunch. Great lunches there especially the peppercorn steak. The French was very classy and made the biggest impression on us. Remember that they do serve some of these foods during the buffets as well. Entertainment was above average and they weren't pushy but they were fun. They do prepare food on the beach and you have to try it. I just wanted to say we are from Vancouver Island in Canada and met up with coworkers in the second week of our vacation. We are all in the recreation field and this was truly relaxing for my spouse and I. All the people we met from Ontario, Calgary AB, and Winnipeg, if you are ever our way email us and we will show you around. You were all so nice. Dennis and Linda, Roxy and Frank, and Leanne and Jim, whenever you decide to come to Campbell River you have a place to stay. You made our vacation the best ever with laughs, more laughs and good times. Words of Advice: I could have been in a 3 star resort with all of these people and still would have had the best vacation ever. It is what you also put into it. Any comments or questions email me lg3rdcs@hotmail.com. Have fun!!!! I would go back to the Bahia in a minute.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Thewex
<Content>Just got back on the 25th for a 1 week stay. At the Bahia Principe you will get more than what you expected based on what you pay. This is how I sum it up for you because your perception of enjoyment at a resort is directly joined at the hip with the perception of value.You will get:- an amazing beach- large clean pools- huge luxurious room- excellent service- endless food and drink- spotless, tropical grounds- beautiful full service spa- awesome for kidsYou won't get:- privacy (its crowded)- lounge chair (unless you grab it by 8am)- water pressure before dinner- service if you check in late (don't do this at any cost)- great food or drink (it is what it is- but I didn't expect any better)- ground breaking evening shows (still doing a Michael Jackson tribute for G-d's sake)- a casino worth a dime- kids playground needs workSome Notes:- eat lunch at Il Capriccio. Awesome custom made Calzones- stock up on pool towels- its amazing what a tip will do- don't have your wedding here. ( I didn't, but from what I saw, its made into a public spectacle- not very romantic, too many kids)- This may be one of the best resorts to take young children to. They will have the time of their livesOverall, there isn't much better out there for the money. Take my word as a seasoned traveller.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	5	2	

<Author>ohiowilson
<Content>Ok, But !!!!!!! We stayed at The Grand Bahia Principe Punta Cana Feb, 19-26th. We were a group of 4 adults 40-45 years of age. We enjoyed our stay thoroughly. The resort is very well taken care of and comes as advertised as in most of these reviews. We had ala carte at the Japanese, French, and Garden Grill (steak). All were excellant with the Japanese being my favorite. The buffet had a good selection, but most of the items were repeated every night. But, we never went away wanting more. The rooms were well taken care of, and we never had any problems with the maid service. Resort and Beach:This is a large resort and the shuttles are a plus to get around especially for handicap and older individuals. We have stayed at several of other resorts over the last 15 years. I rate this one as average and is inline with the 5 apple rating due to the services they offer. It is also inline with the Iberostar and a little better than the Catalonia. Both of which we have stayed at. The beach is very nice, but crowded. It seems the trend in the Dominican is to go to these super sized mega roomed resorts. To this resorts credit, Bahia does a great job of handling the operations needed to serve such a great deal of people. Also, the bar service was excellant at all areas.PoolsAt all the pools expect to have alot of children running around. It's fine if that is what you are expecting. Also, it does seem that some parents let their parenting skills go on vacation also when at these resorts. I guess my point is that If you want solitude then you most likely will not find it at the pools. AirportNo problems here. Transfers were fast and easy. All in all we had a great time. We booked this vacation through [--]. For the price we paid it was worth dealing with some of the issues I discussed above. Though some people we met paid twice as much and that definitely would not have been worth it.For the same price we would probably go back, but if I had a choice between this one and smaller similar resort. I would go smaller. No doubt. If you have any questions please e-mail me. raybi@raex.com  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>sunshine055
<Content>Beautiful Resort My husband and I and our 2 children, 8  11, stayed at the resort for one week and it is beautiful.Unfortunately the week that we were there we had 2 full days of rain and two days of overcast weather, but nothing we could do about that.The service is outstanding at the hotel in every area. Our maid gave us lots of extras as we wrote her a note in Spanish (we had a dictionary) and left her a generous tip on the first day. We really didn't find that the language barrier was a problem, you can usually get your point across and if you can't there is some other staff member who understands better.The beach was beautiful and exceptionally clean, but I agree with other reviews, you need to be down at the beach or pool very early, around 7 or 8 am to save a chair.The food was all very good at the buffets and the a la cartes. We went to the Brazillian, Italian, Beach BBQ and Japanese and loved them all. Huge lobster tails at the Brazillian and Beach BBQ. You need to go and book all your reservations as soon as you get to the resort though or you may be disappointed. My only complaint with regard to restaurants is that the wine is really quite terrible. My husband and I are red wine drinkers and he is a bit of a conisseur, so did not enjoy the wine. We did buy a nice bottle at the Italian restaurant and it only cost about $12, well worth the money if you like nice wine with dinner.My only other warning, if you have a late flight on the day you are leaving don't plan on being able to keep your room late, we tried and it was already booked up. It is high season there right now, probably until April, so late check out was not available. We made due though with the hospitality showers off the lobby.Our kids had a great time and there was plenty for them to eat as well. None of us got sick or had any problem that way. We didn't drink the tap water though and brushed our teeth with bottled water, don't know if that made a difference.We would definately go back again, if not to the Dominican to another Bahia in another country.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bahia-Principe-PC
<Content>Holiday In Paradise Where do i start everything was fantastic. The hotel grounds were beautiful. Everywhere you looked there were gardeners keeping everything trimmed and tidy. There was not one piece of rubbish on the resort everywhere was clean. The rooms were very nice but i wouldnt say they were 5* standard. We had a room with one king size bed and had a connecting door leading to a room with two double beds as i had two teenagers with me. The rooms were big and spacious, with a/c, Minibar, TV, Jacuzi bath and shower, Fan, Sofa bed, Telephone, Table and chairs, Coffee Maker and Balcony or terrace. The maids were fantastic the rooms were cleaned every day and clean towels every day. Every bathroom had a basket with shampoo, bath gel, sewing kit, shaving kit, and shoe shine. This was restocked daily. The minibar was also restocked daily which had Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, 7Up, Tango, Cans of Beer and bottles of water.  There are 3 lake size pools. two are next to each other and the other one is on the beach which is the main one. each pool has a swim up bar where you can get any drink you can think of. the two swimming pools that are next to each other are quieter than the main pool at the beach. The pool near the beach alos had a swim up bar and also had 4 snack bars surrounding it. The sun bed are all taken by 10:00 am so you have to be up early to get a bed.  The beach is beautiful the sand is like white dust and the sea is warm. Some days the sea was a little choppy which brought a little sea weed. The beach had bar where you could get any kind of drinks from. The entertainment was run by the annimation team who were fantastic at entertaining you. Everyday they had arobics on the beach along with vollyball, football and much more. Then on the afternoon they have water arobics and games which entertained every one. The buffet was beautiful it had a wide range of foods to choose from. (salads, pizzas, pastas, burgers, meats, seafood, deserts, childrens selection and much more.) Every night was a different theme. The waiters wer excellent. sometimes they would be to quick to take your plate away. as soon as you had finished your food they would take your plate away within a second. There were lots of other Restaurants to choose from.  There is a selection of shops in Pueblo principe where you can buy T-shirts and Souvenirs. Theres also a casino and a night club in pueblo principe which is open on a night.  The is a lots more things there but you cant write everything because there is to much to write. Enjoy  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>staceskins
<Content>Beautiful       pool  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NAAA
<Content>Sensational 5 Star This is truly a Sensational 5 star resort in every way. I travelled to punta Cana with my wife and 5 year old daughter, and we all just loved it. We stayed in the Royal Golden area which was the best spot in the house in my oppinion, Villa 20 which is the first villa close to the beach and main pool. Any of the Royal Golden suites are good suites to be in just because of the proximaty to the beach. This is a very large resort, but large in beauty is a good thing. I would go back in a heart beat.Pros: Great Beach, Quality Food, Great Service, Georgeous Grounds, Clean Rooms, Luxury everything.Cons: Kids Club can use some improvement  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>brommersEngland
<Content>Loved it!!! We just returned from 2 weeks at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana, we had a gr8 time and would recommend it to people who want to get away from it all and RELAX.Where do I start???????Cleanliness - from the rooms to the pools to the restaurants, we were amazed at how clean and tidy and the keen attention to detail that was used, especially in a resort as big as this - and it definately is big!Rooms - not luxurious, but comfortable, air conditioned along with a fan which is needed on the hot days ~(of which we had many). The maids are very attentive, especially if you tip them regularly!Food - we were so suprised, we have stayed in an all inclusive in Bavaro before and the food was appalling. This hotel astounded us, the food in the buffets was excellent (not always hot) but the variety was excellent, and it didn't feel like a cattle market as can sometimes happen in a buffet. The speciality restaurants were also above expectations especially The Gourmet which could rival many A La Carte restaurants back home. The Steak House wasn't up to scratch which disappointed my husband, but the Mexican and Italian were very good.Reception - Friendly but be careful, they tried to diddle us a couple of times when giving change etc.Bars - The Lobby Bar gets really busy but the waitresses are really friendly. My husband thinks the spirits are watered down but never the less he downed far too many cocktails!Casino - I think the staff in there have all had sense of humour bypasses, you will mfind it really difficult to get them to smile. BEWARE, drinks are not all inclusive in here (madness really)! Another thing we found was that if you pay for things in Dominican Pesos, you pay roughly half of what you would if you paid in US$ so make sure you have the local currency with you!Shops - The lobby shops were ok, have limited stocks of things. It is the only source of medical supplies within the resort, so prepare yourself in advance as they charge astranomical prices for basics such as headache tablets. The staff in the shops aren't overly friendly.Beach - It is a really large and very clean beach with lots of watersports activities (book in advance).Pools - There are 2 main pool areas, the 1st in the centre of the resort, it is split into 2 seperate pools (1 for the Bavaro  1 for the Punta Cana) with a swim up bar. The pools are really clean and they put on entertainment such as aerobics. The larger pools are next to the beach, here you will find the snack bars (fabulous burgers) and swim up pool bars. This pool gets really busy and you find that the shaded sun loungers are taken really early every morning.The resort is honestly massive, but the transport from one end to the other is excellent, they continually have at least 3 train/bus type things going up and down the resort from early in the morning to I think 3am every day.We didn't bother with the entertainment in the Theatre on an evening although, people said it was good especially for families.My only real gripe would be that on the occasions that we had rain (1.5 days in 2 weeks) there was very little to do - the events team didn't have a backup plan, which I think they should have considering the tropical climate.Definately take lots of sun lotion with you it gets sooooooo hot that the rain is welcome when /if you get any.Enjoy  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>babs1316
<Content>Wonderful First Time To Dominican!!       The Buffet  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>leighann-7
<Content>Great 4 a vacation not a wedding! Lets start out with saying the resort itself is beautiful, the servers are attentive and the food is excellent. However the wedding coordinator was not very time oriented. At first I wrote it off as a langauge barrier however; my good friend and father in law (who traveled with us) speak very good fluent spanish and there were still way too many mix ups for me. So.... before we got to the resort I had attempted to get in touch with the wedding coordinator several times (five to be exact ) by phone and email, I did not receive a response until four days before we left. Then when she finally sent me the options on where i could have my reception and the menus, I printed them for my fiance to look at. The next day I receive an email stating that since I did not respond (in that time... one day) she would have to book it where she had availabe. When we got there our room was directly next to my father's..oh soo romantic. So we switched our room. However all of our gifts' from the hotel went to the wrong room day after day! The literature I was sent stated the would press the bride and grooms attire, did not happen! There was no rehersal just a quick do this do that... with a little map. They gave me a choice of songs to walk down the asile, they played the wrong song! So once we got there it was a little choatic. We arrived at the reception where our dinner was supposed to be a the hostess kept informing us that we wer not on the list...the cake served at the reception was only vanilla, when I ordered half vanilla and half chocolate. Okay fine so I drank a few more cocktails and then I was over it. Until I go to pick up my pictures and they were not ready and when we returned the said they lost them. We eventually got the pictures but the dvd we ordered was not finished.. big surprise! So we were leaving at 6 am the following morning the said it would be done at 9 pm that evening. By 11 pm we finally received our $220 dvd that has to be reformatted on a different disc to play in a standard dvd player (it will play on a computer if you own a cd rom). And the icing on the cake... it says JOHN AND MARY! which of course is NOT our names. So I suggest you go on vacation there after you have the wedding somewhere else.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>BarbPav
<Content>Wow, what a resort We just returned from Punta Cana where we had the priviledge of staying at the Bahia Principe. This is an absolutely beautiful resort. The people are outgoing and friendly. If you do your homework and learn a little spanish before you go, your experience will be even more fulfilling. The food was outstanding in all the restaurants. We made reservations at the Mexican, Brazillian Barbeque and the Seafood restaurants. The Mexican was my favorite. The appetizer and salad bar included lobsters and my shrimp fajita was delicious. Deserts at all the restaurants were delicious. Eating breakfast at the beach was the perfect start to every day and grabbing a quick lunch at the pool buffet was great.The beach is white sand and palm trees and the ocean is warm. The main pool area is too pretty for words. There are many chairs and cabanas at both the beach and pool.The Middle pool, was just a tram ride from the main pool and was less crowded and every bit a nice as the main pool.One of the best ideas this large resort had was to put in the tram service. You can hop on a tram and go anywhere on the property.We stayed in the Royal Golden section of the resort, building 61, first floor and couldn't have been happier with the location or the room. The room was very large with a king sized 4-poster bed, sofa and table and chairs. But the bathroom was the best - it was enormous with a jacuzi tub, separate shower, and throne room - all done in marble and travertine.This was our third trip to the Domincan Republic, the first one was to LaRomana and last year to Santo Domingo, but this was by far the best. We will return to Punta Cana and the Bahia Principe!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TraceyTravel
<Content>True Paradise       bathroom in Villa 60 Room 316  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tradition
<Content>Incredible - Loved It!!!! The place is gorgeous! Very clean! The food is excellent! The wine, however, is atrocious! For the most part the service was super - except for in our room (and we tipped 5$ a day), but constantly had to ask for towels, water, coffee, or cream to go with the coffee. We were in the golden, and they didn't start giving us the chocolates until mid week (not that I cared, or even remembered until I saw them). But everybody is so friendly, and the women who cleaned our room were friendly too, and came right away each time we needed towels or face cloths or water or whatever we needed, so we forgave and tipped anyway. They didn't ever make anything special with the towels on our bed or in the bathroom - but again, it isn't necessary to have a nice time. But is the Gran Bahia ever huge!!!! Not that I am complaining. I loved walking to and from places - it kept me in shape. We always walked every where, out of choice, because the weather was great and it was fun to do so! But if we didn't want to, we could have taken the transportation that was provided. We had block number 60 (super! super! super! with partial ocean view and as close to the beach as can be!) We loved it. I needed to get up every morning at around 6:00 a.m. to place our things or else we wouldn't have chairs (we went one morning at 8:30 - 9:00) and there were no chairs at all (we struggled to find the two we eventually found) - and definitely no shade. So after that I got up and we were set for the day. I was happy to be that close to the beach. It must have been hard for those who were further away.I loved having the beach towels in my room, and I especially loved being able to have the free INTERNET. Yes 15 minutes at a time, but you could go back several times a day if you needed to. We didn't - it was plenty to be able to communicate back and forth with our kids.The food was truly great! The restaurants were super (French and Italian were the best). Again, everybody was so wonderful it made our stay super. We stayed in club Golden and would do it again. We loved being so close to the beach.The shows were OK, but the Micheal Jackson show was super!!!! We enjoyed all the shows we saw.Coming home, they tried to charge us an extra 50$ for extra weight - which we didn't believe because we had plenty of extra weight going and we barely bought anything. So I remembered that if we told them we would pay with American express, they would let us go. At first they said, just pay us 30$ and they wwould be happy (but would not give us baggage tickets) and I was shocked and told them no way. So when I told them we only had American express, they told us it was OK and let us go through. I wasn't too pleased about that. Oh well, I am glad I knew ahead of time!!!!All in all it was a wonderful vacation. Sun every day with 30 c (the only day it rained was the first day, it rained for about an hour - while we were eating lunch).Would we go back? No. Only because we never go back to the same place twice - because we like to try different places. Next time we will try somewhere were we can go visit the country a bit more (museums and things like that). Also, though I loved the walking I did find that the place was maybe too big. That is just my personal opinion - it does not take away from the beauty of the place nor the service. And as for our room, it seemed like most people we talked to had wonderful room service, so don't worry about that (yes they do walk into your room at any time without nocking - it could have been embarrassing a few times - but we started getting used to it!!!!). Remember to pay for a safe. An absolute must!!!! As for the getting the room - is was great they booked us in on the bus - however, we couldn't get our key right away (it took 3 hours) and getting the safe and booking the restaurants was very, very, very long.A super place to visit! A great choice and we don't regret going there. I recommend the Golden to everyone. I recommend the hotel - I just loved it and had a truly wonderful time.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>dizzylizziesask
<Content>Loved this resort!! We stayed at this resort from February 7-14, 2007 and absolutely loved everything about it! The rooms are large, very clean, maids are very concientious. The restaurants were all excellent, very good food, superb service, very friendly workers, remember you from one day to the next. The beach and pool areas are kept very clean, as is the entire resort. Entertainment is very good, especially getting the crowd together to dance to their theme song, Volver, which CD can be bought at the lobby shop. There were many families among the guests, very safe to bring your children to this resort. Many of our group went on the shark boat trip and the Bavarro Runners excursion, both were excellent. We took a van into Higuey for shopping and to see the countryside, the driver was very helpful, spoke English, stayed with us during our trip, very safe. We all went for a wedding, great place to get married, wedding planner did everything and all were very satisfied. No problems with bugs (didn't see any) or getting sick from food or drink, everything is very clean and staff always ready to help. Just a reminder, if you get your laundry done, check the prices, the total could be an unpleasant surprise. To avoid, just take more clothes and enjoy this beautiful resort! The weather, scenery and ambience is fabulous!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carolive
<Content>i wanna go back now!!!!! We just came back from this resort and we are depressive! It was fantastic. It's our third time in Punta Cana, but this was the best place we stayed. we were 13 friends between 25 and 35 years old and everyone loved this resort. It's a Big beautiful and clean resort. People are so nice, they will do everything to make your stay unforgettable. The room is big and confortable and so clean. We tip 2$ per day and we had flowers and extra bottle of water. The food was very good. The buffet is big and you will always find something to eat. We went to the restaurant a la carte. we tried sea food, french and the grill. our best was the french. i would never thought eat that well in DR. The animation was great, always something to do on the beach, stretching, aerobic, salsa, merengue, volley ball, soccer, kayaking etc. In the evening there is shows but we didn't went because we used to have supper late at night so we went to the pueblo principe, were was others shows, the disco and casino. I am telling you, this is the place to go in punta cana, don'T hesitate please and bring me back!!!! sorry for my english , i am a french canadian, from quebec...  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fr0m
<Content>The Disneyland of Punta Cana       Always available loungers at the beach  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gabisia
<Content>Thumbs up! This resort is a beauty. I travel a lot and I have seen a lot but nothing like this beautiful resort. I was amazed! Me and my husband absoulutely loved it. Some travel agencies rate the resort as four stars but it is five stars, and we agree. Since the rule of the island is that the higest building cannot be taller than tallest palm :) ther is no huge condominium like hotels but villa type resorts. We stayed in villa number 5-close to the beach (2 minutes walking) and close to the pool (one of tree big pools). The food was great. We ate mostly at the buffe but we also tried a'la carte restaurants. The service was superb. Staff was friendly and professional at all times. Our maid was very nice and she decorated our room with fresh flowers every day and slipped few times sweet treat for late night sweet tooth :))) We loved walking everywhere. The resort is very well maintened and extremelyclean! Everyday there was different entertainment. We just enjoyed listning to local music, sip drinks and relax! We were happy to stay closer to the beach than to lobby and theatre beacuse it was nice and quiet at nights. Around lobby there can be a lot of motion around evening time (entertainment and restaurants are located around lobby). If you like quiet atmosphere ask for villa closer to the beach. During the day it was also very quiet ,there was music at the beach but the beach is vey long so everybody could find comfortable spot. There were some children but not many and there was no screaming,crying or splashing :) As far as our roo goes we didn't spend much time in it but it was nice and decorated with local artwork. We also enjoyed few excursions away from the resort. We took a quad adventure tour and Saona island tour-the Saona island has the most beautiful beach I have ever seen. And the ride on tha catamaran to get there was just a dream.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scottdrivers
<Content>We Are Going Back !!!! Last november we stayed in dominican republic for 2 weeks and enjoyed our stay! The hotel was great very clean 24hr service great. During the day there was lots to do like banana boating, kyaking, canoeing scuba diving etc. The food was at a all inclusive standard but there are many different resturants you can go to during the evening and there is a few for breakfast the best breakfast place is the one near the pool so you could just run straight out into a pool lovely. The beach was magnificant the waves were great it was fun to play in for kids AND adults. The entertainment was very entertaining but we were always in bed by 9.30pm hehe. The hotel is very big but the transportation comes along every minute of the day. We were so pleased with our stay overall and we have booked to go back this year in november again we cant wait!!!!!!!! xx  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunseekersOntario
<Content>Great Time... but Resort Too Big! My husband and I and his two sons 16  18 just returned on Tuesday from a week at the Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro. We had a wonderful time as it was the first time the kids had been on trip of this kind. My husband and I are frequent travelers and wanted to share the all inclusive vacation experience with them. After much research, reading many great reviews and our previous experience at the Bahia Principe Akumal in the Mayan Riveria a couple of years ago, we decided upon this resort and anxiously awaited our departure date. While on the bus to the resort staff attached our hotel ID bracelets and gave us our room keys. We were in the Club Diamond section (block 31) and our room was located in very close proximity to the Club Diamond pool and restaurant. We were very happy that we upgraded to the Club Diamond section, as we enjoyed the extras that it provided. We were entited to 4 a la carte dinners but when we were booking the times on the first day we were offered an extra meal at the Dominican restaurant. This was a very nice touch and proved to be one of the better meals of the trip. We very much enjoy the a la carte dining when we are on vacation and having a quiet relaxing meal. I felt that the meals and food were OK, but they were nothing really special. Everything was very mass produced and we quite often felt rushed from one course to another. Also, we were limited to the number of dishes that could be ordered. ie appetizer or soup but not both. I am one who likes to try lots of different dishes when I am on vacation and value the availablity. This is the first time that I have ever felt limited at an all inclusive resort. That being said, our favourite meal was at the Steakhouse. The steaks were fabulous, cooked to perfection and melted in you mouth. We also very much enjoyed having breakfast and lunch at the Club Diamond restaurant. as the main buffet and main pool snack bar were always very busy.The beach and the weather were both phenomenal. We walked the beach a couple of mornings in each direction it is wonderful white sand and the water is so warm. The week that we were there it was sunny and warm the entire week with the exception of one afternoon where it showered for a couple of hours.Our rooms were on the third floor of our building and were large and spacious. The marble bathroom was gorgeous and we always had hot water for a shower. The only thing that we found disappointing was the maid service. Our room was never cleaned before 3pm and most often it wasn't done until 5pm. This was inconvienent for us as we very much enjoy getting and early start to the day and returning to our room later in the afternoon to get out of the sun and relax before dinner.Overall, the resort is an amazing property. The lobby and lobby bar are beautiful. The best drinks are at the lobby bar! Much attention has been paid to detail throughout the resort. The grounds are so extensive and all very well kept, but the resort is massive. It is a lot of walking to get from any one area to another. The shuttle buses were always a welcome site, especially at the end of the day! Also with the size comes the number of rooms. With in the three resorts that comprize the complex there are approx 1500 rooms and they are still building more. It really felt as though you were in a small town. My husband and I really learned on this trip that we prefer the smaller resorts and their more personalized attention to detail.All in all, we had a wonderful time at this resort but are sad to say that we would not return, prefering to try another resort, perhaps the Excellence or Paradisus when we return to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>3	5	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>stpOntario
<Content>Fantastic! My family just came back from a week in the Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. Not enough time! What a fabulous place to stay. The people were great, amazing dancers, plenty of entertainment daily and nightly. The rooms were beautiful, clean, and always well stocked (mini bar and towels). If you tip the maids nicely, they treat you well. The pools were clean, with plenty of entertainment all day. Love the people that work there. Food was better than any five star resorts we have stayed at. Good quality, especially the a la carte restaurants. We had some trouble with our first room; we were changed to another room and well compensated for our troubles. What more could you ask for. Great weather, food, entertainment, accommodations, drinks, and atmosphere. We will definitely be back soon!Tammy  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sarah822
<Content>Spectacular Resort          wedding gazebo  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jessica_92282
<Content>belated honeymoon We went to the gran bahia, in punta cana on Jan. 28,2007 When flew into punta cana, the airport was open which was nice so you could feel the nice breeze, it was quiet fast getting through there. When you get your back and looking for your flight which ours was USA 3000, their is guys there waiting to take your bag, DON'T unless you want to tip them. It is a short distance to your bus, and some buses, they will have drinks waiting for you, which is nice and refreshing.When you leave the airport you will have between a 30-50 min ride to your resort, if you are scared of crazy drivers, cover your eyes. I think they are the craziest drivers I have ever seen.When you get to the resort they greet you with fruit drinks, sometimes you have to wait to check in, but they send you start to lunch and by the time you get done with lunch you can check in. The bell boys DO except a tip.Our room was nice we did have a king size bed, and there is a safe in the room but you have to pay $ 4.00 a day to have it activated in your room. I only have 2 complaints about out room, everything is marble, which can be slippery at times, when you come in with wet feet, and sometimes the maid don't give you towels after they take all of them, and we did tip them everyday.There is 4 to 5 pools the resort is huge. Our room had a balcony, whcih every room does, ours was over looking one of the pools, so it was a nice sighte.The beach is awesome the sand is not to hot to walk on, but you do have to go down early in the morning to reserve a seat at the beach.As for the nightly enterainment, it could of been better, everything either started around 9 but they danceing and stuff did'nt start til midnight and we don't stay out to late, to tired from the sun,I do recommend the excursion with the catermeran, with the starfish, and the snorkling, but take the darmamin if you get motion sickness.If anyone has any question just e-mail me at jessica_92282@hotmail.com  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	4	4	4	

<Author>irisheyesKillarney
<Content>The Trip of a Lifetime Just back home in Ireland after a 3 week vacation in the Dominican Republic the last week of which was spent in the Bahia Principe Punta Cana Bavaro. We were having a big splash to celebrate my husband's 50th birthday and our 25th Wedding Anniversary.The people of the Dominican Republic are absolutely beautiful people and could not do enough for any tourist.The Highlight of the trip was most definitely the Bahia Principie. It is an amazing imposing hotel absolutely spotlessly clean and the staff could not do enough to make you feel at home. We were pleased with every aspect of the hotel and the whole holiday. The Food everywhere both in the Restaurants (Our favourite was the Gourmet and we also sampled the Garden Grill, Rodizio and the Pescadora) and the Buffets exceeded our expectations and the service was prompt and efficient and definitely with a smile. Our lunch was often taken by the pool by the beach and we enjoyed the freshly cooked burgers and hot dogs Some mornings we had breakfast in the Pescadora which although did not have as good variety as the main buffets was very handy if you were spending the day on the beach.The pools were all well supplied with beds and the beach had a plentiful supply of sun loungers and Bohias so you could take advantage of the shade they provided. The beach was always spotlessly clean and regularly checked by the staff to keep it in that condition. We found it so hot that most of our time was spent on the beach as we found it cooler due to the breeze. We enjoyed the Kayaking and the Catamaran which were free as were all non motorised activities and the Snorkelling trip was enjoyed by my husband (even if the waves were very rough )at a cost of $31. If you just wanted to snorkel by the shore you just needed to pay a deposit of $20 for the equipment which was refunded on return of same. Paragliding was $95 per couple for a short trip. Our room was always cleaned to a very high standard and we were kept well supplied with towels and our mini bar was well stocked daily. On arrival we had a problem with the safe but that was promptly and efficiently solved by the staff.Travelling such a distance this was a very expensive holiday for us, we discovered that our week in the hotel was double was our Canadian friends paid, but to our minds it was worth it.Top marks all roundI would encourage anyone holidaying in the Dominican Republic to tip for service, the people are very poor and it does make a huge difference to them and practically no difference to the holiday maker..Finally I would like to thank everyone who took the trouble to write the reviews in Trip Adviser which I studied in detail before our trip. I was able to pick something positive from most of them.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dansi
<Content>A fantastic holiday--we will return. Here is from the good,bad and the ugly. . We stayed in Club Golden,at Bahia Principe from dec.7- to dec.20-06. Our flight was a long one,because we made a stop over in Puerto Plata to pick up passengers returning to Edmonton.Our checkin was a little slow.It is at Air transat check-in away from the lobby.All the other guests had their luggage loaded up and were on their way.AND WE WERE STILL LOOKING FOR OUR LUGGAGE.Yes this property is huge,but to their credit,it has a nice layout.Shuttle service straight through the property from the lobby to the beach,Half way to the beach are two pools and A la Carte Restaurants,At the beach are two pools,with lunch and bar-services at each one.The beach is beautiful,soft sand, no coral or schells to cut your feet on. Now I read some reviews about seaweed,,somedays there is some,all a person has to do is go a little to your left or right,And you will find a place with crystal clear water.We loved the buffet and we arrived mostly at opening time. The layout of the food was beautifully arranged,,lots of variety ..If people would only step back for a moment and look at the beautiful display and carvings and appreciate it. We let Julio, the manager know ,how much we liked the set-up,he booked us at two A la Carte Restaurants (steakhouse and seafood) also excellent. Later we found two t-shirts and a bottle of rum in our room.Maid service was very good,She would make beautiful figurines with the towels with flowers on them. At night another maid would bring fresh bath towels and beach towels again ,,then she would leave little chocolates and a little sign with Good night on it.Some people have complained about service people entering your room,while they are taking a shower ect..Please read all the information in your room,when entering your room,all it takes is hanging the (Do not disturb ) sign on the door.There is also a card ,that asks you when ,,would you like to have your room cleaned???(AM NOONor PM) leave it for your maid..All you poor people that complained about walking.I can't understand it ..You have shuttle service and a beautiful walkwaybeside it.Now no bragging here,as for me I am not far form being 70,and I walk every morning at day break for one hour on the beach.My wife would join me later,then we watch the sun with allit's glorious colors rise above the ocean,since our suite was close to the beach,it took us 15 min.to walk to the buffet..to top it off \,my wife had a knee replacement,But what the heck,,,we are walking in the garden of Eden,Back home we would be shovelling snow.All in all ,we recomend this place.We give this place 5-stars in all catagories and shall return this winter.They also added 700 new suites and planning a Brazilian RestaurantSpecial Thanks to Julio Carrion(manager)Camilo at Air Transat check-inDaniel at reception (check-out)WE WILL BE BACK HERB VI  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zoe30
<Content>Beautiful Resort, a little too big! The Flight to Punta Cana was about 4 hours and once we arrived at the airport, we were greeted by to ladies who we had our picture taken with and then sent of to give our Visa's. THe airport is really nice, open air and new. Once everything was done, we were told to go to our tour bus and we were given a package from our rep. We had alread been checked in and everything was taken care of which was great as it was not almost midnight. The bus driver's wow, they drive very fast and miss quite a few pot holes however, alittle scary when you are not use to this kind of driving. When we arrived we went to the front desk got our safe which was $31 US and proceeded to be dropped off at our room with our luggage. We had a great room third floor face into the courtyard Villa #37 very close to the lobby and all the action at night which was great. Not too close that the noise was to much. THe room was nice, king size bed and large area. THe maid was great, we always left her a tip every day and requested extra water. When she left the extra water we always gave an extra tip a few dollars. The resort if very well maintained and stunning with all of it's palm trees and gardens. There a few different pools, our time was spent near the beach close to the swim up bar. The staff around the pool are alot of fun and always full of energy. The drinks are good, somtimes almost too strong. Try the Miami Vice or the dirty Monkey very good. Mostly we drank MArgerita as the beer which was on tap was not very tasty.Every day their would be activities by the pool, aerobics, dancing, bingo, fun contests. Everyone pretty much reserves their chairs by 8 am, you have to get their early. If you can grab a palapa as the sun is so hot in the afternoon. For lunch most days we went to the snack bar by the pool. They were always serving up a variety of things, pasta, baked chicken, fish, salads, sandwich stuff, hamburgers and hot dogs. We found it to be quite tasty. The beach is stunning, white and long as the eye can see. We liked to walk it in the moring and watch the sun come up, it was beautiful. The food at the resort was not bad. The buffet was good, the pasta bar where it is made in front of you was tasty and the omellete station was great. Fresh juice and croissants with coffee in the morning will be missed. As for the Al acartes, the best by far was the French, out standing, great flavour and even a cheese platter if interested for desert. WHich my hubby did endulge. The steak place was great, we had the tenderloin and it was cooked perfectly. The seafood restaurant was okay, we had lobster tails for our main and was over cooked, the salad bar was good and the dessert. THe expresso, cappucino and spanish coffee is great. The Japenese was fun and very tasty, however a little salty but all in all fairly good. The wine was not good anywhere. The evening entertainment was nice, the shows and the lobby piano player. We did go to the courtyard one evening, but by the time the entertainment starts it is almost midnight. After a whole day in the sun we were always exhausted and ready for bed. We always got early to catch the sun rise. The internet service their is fast and easy to use. $10 US for one hour was great for us to keep in contact with our family back home. All in all, we found this resort very nice, beautiful but too big. We had a chance to check out the Majestic and would probably stay their if we return to Punta Cana. Great Vacation!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovesunnydays
<Content>A Fabulous Resort       Our Villa  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pammieh
<Content>Loved the Bahia, would recommend this Resort! I have been to Punta Cana on 3 other occassions and would rate the Bahia as the best overall resort I have stayed at so far !(Breezes, Palladium and Ocean Blue on prior trips). I came down from 2/3-2/10 with my mother for a relaxing get -away and that is exactly what we got! We arrived on Saturday night with no problems....USA 3000 Charter out of Hartford, CT was flawless. Went right through customs and straight to resort. We had upgraded to Club Golden and and were taken with our luggage directly to our room in Building 1 - what a surprise when we realized that we had a room right on the beach! The ocean breeze was fantastic and the location was close to both the main pool and beach which made getting a lounger in the morning very easy! The main pool and beach do fill up early, but that is no different than any other resort I have been to. By the time we unpacked, it was late so I called room service and nacho chips and cheese were delivered in less than 10 minutes!We ate at 4 of the Ala Carte restaurants and they were all excellent! Japanese was fun...after dinner you are moved to another table to allow the next group to come in and allow you to relax and enjoy dessert and an after dinner drink (try the Mama Juana). Le Gourmet, the French restaurant, was so elegant and the service was the best we received all week! I had the Surf and Turf and Mom had the pork tenderloin...excellent! The Garden Grille was also very good although my rib eye was a little grizzly...I would recommend the T-bone that our neighbor at the next table had...a large man and he could not finish it! Finally, on our last night, we ate at the Beach BBQ and feasted on all the lobster tails I could eat as well as steak, chicken, ribs, salads, etc! The buffets at dinner were varied and the food was fresh. If you can't find something you like, well, then I don't know what to say! Plenty of choices for breakfast and lunch as well. You can always go to the main buffet or a variety of other choices. We ate pool side most days and tried Italian on one occassion...the calzone was tasty as well as a pizza my Mom ordered. Variety is not an issue at this resort!Transportation is easy...this resort is huge but they have the trolley system down pat, so you never, ever wait around for a ride. We were so tired every night that we didn't stay up for the shows (other than watching the Super Bowl on Sunday night in the Karaoke lounge!) but we heard they were good. Our room was impeccable and our fridge was always stocked with water and other beverages. I tipped our maid $2 every day and left a small gift....not necessary but she left our room perfect every day! What is different at this resort is that everyone from the pool staff, to the wait staff, to the bartenders, all had a smile on their face and worked very hard to make your stay enjoyable. It was the most consistent service we have ever had. Sure, the language barrier was there...but we always managed to get our request across. It actually got funny sometimes! I went in with average expectations based on some of the reviews I read, and I must say that my expectations were exceeded! The food, rooms, and overall quality of the resort were absolutely fantastic!I would recommend this resort to anyone looking for great weather, great beaches, great accomodations and overall relaxation. You can do alot, or, you can do absolutely nothing! I am actually returning in April with a group of 40 friends and have no doubt in my mind that they will enjoy it as much as I did!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KennedyCanada
<Content>Had a wonderful time!!! My husband and I stayed at the GBP with a group of 44 ( for our friends' wedding). We had an amazing time. I had read reviews from trip advisor before we left and it helped out a great deal with tips and how-to's.The resort is big but never had a problem. Even with almost 3000 people (between the 2 sides), our group always found chairs around the pool or at the beach. And the staff are all very accomodating and friendly...they're out to please you and assist you in any way they can.Our flight was delayed in arriving from Toronto (not impressed with the service AirTransat provided) and the resort had a rep on the bus to check us in to the resort quicker...so that we could get to our rooms and still have time to get something to eat at the buffet. Many of our group were placed in the gold section (although we had not booked for this), so we were provided with beach towels, houserobes, slippers, free room service etc. It was a very nice gesture on behalf of the resort and greatly appreciated. (thank you Laura and the reservation staff)The resort grounds were extremely clean...everywhere you looked there was always work being done to maintain or clean the grounds, buildings etc. The ala cartes booked very quickly but you could always get a reservation if you needed one. We ate at the Garden Grill (not fussy on it) and the French Restaurant (amazing lobster and steak..they called it 'Surf and Thurf). We ate mainly at the main buffet for breakfast and dinner and the pool buffet for lunch.The bartenders and the waitresses at the pool bar and the lounge bar were wonderfully funny! Special mention to Frank, Juan, Vincent, Ramone at the bar and to the feisty waitress who liked to do the Mamajuana shots in the lobby!!! Great fun!Jacques, the AirTransat events rep, was very friendly and helpful if you had any questions. If your tour has an introductory session the morning after you arrive, it is beneficial if you attend to learn how things operate and the different tours offered.We went on the Marinarium snorkelling trip to swim witht he sharks and stingrays. Very cool...had fun but, of course, would have liked to have snorkelled longer. We had 21 of our group on the boat so it was a great party!!! In fact, out of the 72 people on the boat I think only 10 weren't Canadian!! Coco-locos were really good too!!!It truly is a beautiful resort. We all had a great time. I've read some of the negative reviews and have a few things to say:1. We never had a problem not being able to speak Spanish!! I learned a few phrases and by just using them, and attempting to speak some spanish..it was very well received by the staff...we had many laughs over trying to figure out what was being said!!2. As for the problems not getting your towels on time...if your room is cleaned first thing in the morning, you will get the towels cleaned from the night before. If your room is cleaned late morning or mid-afternoon, you will need to wait for the towels collected from the morning to be cleaned and dried. Not a big issue. There are over 1500 rooms..you're on vacation..relax!3. Yes the maid will enter your room to deliver the towels..however they knock first. If you don't want them to come in...there is a 'Do Not Disturb' sign to use. And tip your maid, and the turn down maid ..they do work very hard trying to please so many people.4. If you need anything from the staff, front desk, maids, restaurant staff etc...just ask...instead of demanding.. a smile and a 'muchos gracias' go a long way here. These people work for very little money and for very long hours. Get to know some of them...Kassandra, Quintin, Raul, Maryra, Laura..just to name a few...they all went to great lengths for us and we had many a laugh with them. (ps-Kassandra-if you want snow, it's still really cold up here. Come and visit!!)5. While you are in the Dominican... you will be running on Caribbean time...get used to it..it's called relaxing! Get rid of the hectic scheduling that many are used to...it's why people go on holidays.6. The rum and mamjauna in the lobby store were cheaper than at the store in the airport. Buy some here and put it in your checked-in luggage...NOT your carry-on. It will be taken from you and kept by security at the airport if you do this. (there were lots of boxes under their counters full of confiscated bottles!!!)7. If you get annoyed by the aerobics instructors at the pool blowing their whistle...if you ask them not to (no me gusta ...I don't like) they'll laugh and oblige! But be prepared to join in. The various contests around the pool start at 3pm.Have a great time while you're here. We're already planning on returning soon but with our kids! Buenos dias!!!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TammyParsons
<Content>What a Beautiful Place!!!!!! The place was great I don't agree with the upgrading.All the rooms are the same I brought my own slippers and my room was in a great spot!!! right between everything we stayed in Villa 11, check in was a breeze with drinks and fresh wet towels to wipe our faces, Food in all the spots were all the same 90% I didn't eat but there was always something good and filling .Maid was wonderful decorated everyday, it all depends who you get, some of the tours are as followed so you get an ideal of there pricesSaona Catamaran- Mon,Wed and sat Us $83 Per personCatalina Island -(snorkeling Tour)- Mon,Wed,Fri Us$89 p/pBavaro Splash (little Boats You Drive)-Us$69p/p two per Boat or $99 for your own boatFour wheels- half day-Us $58p/p two to a bike 1 to a bike is $87Lobster tour-Wed,Fri, and sun Us$65 p/pJeep Safari- Us$87p/p (we did this one you get really dirty from the roads fun to drive stick shift only! lots of kids begging hanging on your car I brought lots of little gifts from the dollar store ,pencils ect. the loved it even thou they always ask for a dollar) and many more.......when you go in your room I thought nothing worked but you have to put your room key in the box on the wall it turns everything on (tip put a piece of paper in there and it will keep your air on all day :)I feel bad for the workers there they try so hard to understand you but you have to remember we are going to there country our choice!! learn alittle spanish it goes a long way!!! if they came here you would exspect them to speak your language If you can't handle they Language barrior Stay home! some of the pool workers speak 3 different languages very inpressive you can go to www. free translation .com I printed out little phrases and taped them on my maid tip envelopes it made a difference bottom line you treat them nice and with a little respect they treat you like gods.all in all very nice place lots of fun!!!!!The Beach is awesome!!!!! Nice and warm not to many waves never had a problem getting a spot! There are lots of topless women which after a while you don't notice them anymoreThe walk to the beach isn't bad if you tired take the trolly there is two that circles all day and night with all the free soda in our fridge the couple we were with gave the night gaurds a drink every night they were so thankful!I didn't like the vendors in the Market area the stores were fine but the guys in the vendor carts were very pushie!!!!!Ran out of Suntan lotion brought 2 bottles cost $14 to $21 for theirs bring extraNO Bugs!!! were seen so don't panic just be prepared!any questions feel free to email me atparsonsfamily1@msn.com  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ABNewfieGal
<Content>Awesome Vacation               More photos  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sun_Soakers
<Content>Loved It! We travelled there with 2 teenage daughters and another family. We absolutely loved it! The weather was fantastic, the beach, resort and staff were great. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. The grounds immaculate. Plenty of food and drinks - never hungry or thirsty. Love those Bahama Mamas and Chocolate Monkeys! The ocean was warm and welcoming. Certainly a place we would return to one day - hopefully soon!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>princessABarber
<Content>Relaxing in the DR...       Entrance  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FamilyFun5
<Content>Great resort for kids       Approaching the pool area  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GORDIEOnatrio
<Content>Great Great Place -- Gordie from Ontario CANADA Jan 23 to 27.This place was great.Food was great,people were great,the service was great and the entertainment was good.I booked with sunquest club diamond and they stated the rooms are closet to the beach and this was right.Club diamond is in the middle of the resort but,some units are mixed with the gold which unit 25 was.Second unit up from the beach and the lake pool.No problem walking to the lobby area or catching the tram.Never used the diamond pools becuase the unit was closer to the best pool and beach.Always somethig going on in this area.Third floor was great with view and no noise being at the top.You can party all nite if you want as i did the first nite out till 5 am.Bar to bar and i met many other people from many different countries doing the same.There is 6 bars by the lake pool alone,17 in total.I talked to a wedding party from Saskatoon and they said it was great.They had there wedding party there for a week while the bride and goom stayed for 2 weeks.They were in unit 27.Many weddings going on at this place.Room was great,beach was great,weather was great and also the rum and beer.If you want more info e-mail gordtelectric@aol.com  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheGrub
<Content>Loved the place, would go back again.       Main  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>abcdefdsidhgasdk
<Content>Bahia - great resort Returned from Bahia on Feb 4th. Lovely resort. Kept immaculate. Grounds huge. Food good. Beach amazing. Rooms good. Problems: Front desk - as many others have said - not receptive to change when there are room problems. Rooms need to be close to the beach and main pool. If they agree to move you - they try to put you near the front of the resort. 2) Entertainment is cheezy at best - most other resorts 4 or 5 star entertainment is better. 3) Service always expecting tips - Manager really should speak to the staff about this. They send two bell boys to the room - each with hand out expecting tips. Everyone expects tips and are rude when they don't receive one.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	2	2	3	

<Author>miro666
<Content>Here are some tips.       Our wives swimming.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aburg1964
<Content>Wonderful vacation We just returned Feb.4 after 2 beautiful weeks here. The landscaping is nice and tropical and very clean. The workers are constantly cleaning and trimming. We stayed in the centre, villa 15 and liked the location. Not far from the lobby or the beach. We never used the tram because it was so nice to walk. The food at the buffets were alright but I much preferred the alacartes. We went to the Mexican, Japanese, Garden Grill and French . They were all so good. We had lots of fun on the beach everyday especially with the big waves. I enjoyed the aerobics and dancing to the Bahia song. Im so glad I purchased the CD to bring home. The bartenders and waitresses are all lots of fun, whether your at the beach or the pools. They work very hard to please the people. We did enjoy the nightly shows. I think they are far better then what people are saying. They are very talented people. The Michael Jackson show is the best. Our maid was very sweet and always decorated the room with flowers or balloons. Always had plenty of towels and cold drinks in the room. We tipped her daily. We did the outback safari and had a great time with Papa Bill. He knew everything. Overall we all liked the resort. Of course the animation people make it fun for everyone. My favourite was Ricardo. Its the dominican people that make this country so nice to come back to. We will return again next year for our 4th visit to this wonderful country.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Deliman_rn
<Content>Great with some dowmfalls!!       DELI  JENN  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mg38
<Content>relaxing and spotless resort We just returned from a week stay booked thru Apple vacations. Direct flight from Connecticut into Punta cana airport and approx 30' fast/aggressive bus trip to our resort. We didn't check in on the bus but that sounds like a good option. We traveled with 2 kids (3 and 7 y/o) and 5 adults.We have been to punta cana 3 other times in the past 7 years. 1st trip was to melia Caribe/2 times at the old sunscape grand, now called Globalia. Melia caribe was large like bahia, sunscape was very small and more personal but the bahia was superior in its upkeep/FOOD choices/plenty of staff/very efficent moving people around/more places to walk around but still be on the property.My only complaint was that making la carte reservations wasn't very easy....it was easy if you wanted to eat at 930pm but no reservations were available at the italian the whole week and I made them the 1st morning there. But it didn't matter b/c the buffett was excellent.We upgraded to the golden area b/c of the proximity to the beach/pool and that is were we spent 75% of our time, took the tram or short stoll to the main building for dinner and nite entertainment. Things are different in punta cana, it isn't las vegas/or broadway so don't compare the entertainment/casino's/resturants to it. It is a relaxing and beautiful place to spend a week with people who serve you better than anywhere else and you can't beat the price. This resort is definately the best I have stayed in punta cana and would return to it or try one of its resorts in other locations. I would recommend going to dinners/meals on the earlier side of when they begin serving b/c the lines are better and the food is the freshest. we had Japanese 2 nites and both times it was great. No the show isn't as entertaining as in the states but the food is fresh and there are so many people taking care of you-the service is great. TIPPING is highly recommended, bring tons of singles and you won't complain of the service you recieve. We tipped each meal, they work hard to be sure you are taken care of, but relax and remember you are on vacation and the nicer you are to them the better you are treated by them.....RELAX and enjoy it is a beautiful place....The weather was perfect also.Some bug bites from mosquitos at nite, no creepy bugs on 1st floor, rooms big and nicely done. Don't leave sliders open/no screens on doors. Have Fun.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>SunnyOntario-Canada
<Content>Good Food, Great Place.....       The Beach  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kids67
<Content>Excellent resort My husband and I plus our 2 children ages 2 and 9 months, wanted to take mothers on vacation. I decided on this resort. Excellent resort. The staff is fantastic and love children. The food was great. We did buffet all week. The restruants book up pretty fast. The pools and beach were prefect. The rooms are huge. We stayed in blook 33, right in the middle of the resort. Over all we are not ones for doing the same resort again, But we would in a minute go back to this resort on a last minute getaway. We will try other Gran Bahia Principe resorts.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MoosAlberta
<Content>Large but great place We stayed starting January 17th for 2 weeks. It is an amazing resort.Advice: Take American currency. If you need to cash a travellers cheque do it at the bank right in the hotel - they will give you American dollars (the money exchange will only give you pesos).Bring bug spray and an antihistamine. The 2 doctors on call speak very good English and are very willing to help with all problems.The rooms in the Diamond section are awesome but are on the dark side as the lighting isn't the best.Book your a la carte's as soon as you can as they get booked up really early. The new a la carte Dominicana is pretty much the same as the great buffets.Sit on the right side of the buffet restaurant as there is a smell on the left side. It didn't stop us from eating like little piggies but you could notice it when you walked around.The Diamond pool is a fairly quiet pool with the bulk of the daytime activites happening at the others.Be patient after all you are on holidays and don't have any real deadlines  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Retired2004
<Content>5 Star + Jewel In The Dominican Republic My wife and I spent 2 glorious weeks at The G.B.P. from Jan. 14th to 28th 2007We were in villa 61, 3rd floor Royal Golden Club and we loved every minute of it I read the reviews from other travellers before going and I kind of wondered what we had gotton ourselves intoSome were good and some were badWe are people who like to travel First Class so this is why we booked a 5 star resort to start withOur trip started out with Westjet, Great Check in and great service on board but seats on board seemed a little uncomfortable but only for 4 hours so we survived OK both coming and going On arrival at Punta Cana Airport got ripped off for 2 $10.00 US tourist cards she said the ones we received on board the aircraft were no good but later found out they were Good so watch that performance when you arriveDeparture from the airport went well located our bus with help from the Air Transat Rep and a baggage sharkCheck in was done on bus with Hotel Representative super ideaBut trip to Hotel about 35 minutes on a road cruiser bus very enjoyableOn arrival at hotel we were informed room will be ready at 3PMbut no problem went for lunch and drinks at Orquidea Buffet {Punta Cana Lobby}After lunch enjoyed more drinks at lobby barWhen our room was ready off we go by trolley bus to room again no problem Now I will tell you about our room It was first class, bathtub, separate shower along with free in room safe King size 4 post bed, beach towels, bathrobes and slippers which we made use off and all was spotlessThe only problem we had with our room was a little water behind toilet tank and I think that was caused by the humidity Also needed a stopper for sink all was taken care of in less than 30 minutes by calling the express phone number But some days we would be missing face cloths but no problem again call the express phone numberRestaurants Le Gourmet 5 starPiscis for lunch 5 starLas Olas 1 and 2 5 starLobby Buffet Restaurants 5 starGarden Grill 5 starIl Capriccio 5 star and open for breakfast and lunch Mediterraneo 5 starEL Charro Pass this one up poor service and all food undercookedBeach 5 star and pools as wellHotel grounds nice and cleanLobbys and lobby washrooms nice and cleanEntertainment excellent and You will be singing the closing song after 1 or 2 days after arrivingAll in All we had a great stay and already looking forward to next year Also no need to tip more than $1.00 US to maid per day both day maid and nightime maidBar tenders Very good and $1.00 or $2.00 per day gives you excellent service and quality of drinks {Better Rum}Also great the staff with a Hola and Gracias for service and they will respond If you want to ask me any questions this is my email addressjoseph_2@sympatico.ca  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mgaty
<Content>Beautiful Place ,bring the pepto . My wife and i stayed at the Grand Bahia Principe From Jan 20 to 26 . Let me start off by writing that we both have been to some beautiful places in the carribean ( St.Bart's , Anguilla etc..) and i think we can say the beach and weather at Grand Bahia is on par with these places . The Hotel consistes of well over a thousand rooms ,over two thousand + guests and considering the size of this huge resort they have done a fine job with the construction of the resort and the landscaping is beautiful .The staff are the highlight of the Hotel !! Always singing ,dancing and very polite and respectful . Can't say enough . Some advise though , be respectful and learn some simple words in spanish ,We found it helped bring a smile to there face and they were warm to respond . We heard all to often some guests saying I don;t speak no spanish  or  what did you say  . Sad !!  Only real complaint was the food . After the third day we just couldn't enjoy it . Look's better than it tastes . A few more trips to the bathroom then normal and a little of the pink liquid (pepto bismol ) helped. Enjoy .  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Blawatka
<Content>Amazing, Amazing, and Perfect       resort grounds  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Periwinkle9
<Content>Negatives add up, but still great! My husband and 3 1/2 year old son and I stayed at the Bahia Principe from January 23 to January 28 and spent the next day at Sunscape The Beach since the Bahia was overbooked and they paid us $200 US to leave early. After seeing the difference between these two highly rated hotels, I have a much better opinion of the Gran Bahia Principe than I may have originally. It was so far superior to Sunscape that I feel we chose the best hotel in Punta Cana at a reasonable price for our family.First let me say that the weather was perfect for our entire vacation. Not one drop of rain. One day, there was a red flag at the beach but this was the best day for swimming as evidenced by the large number of people in the water. The beach is long and wide and beautiful. Any small amounts of seaweed in the water and on the beach were a non-issue. The water gets deep quickly and although there are places with some seaweed on the bottom, I saw no fish when I snorkelled in front of the hotel. I did not find this to be a negative as I am a bit sqeamish about stepping on things I can't see when in the water. We did not get a lounger ANY day of our stay because people do put towels on them and then take off for hours (to banana boat, snorkel or have lunch or drink) or for the whole afternoon. How do you decide which lounger has been vacant long enough to take it? We couldn't but I had brought a great beach blanket and that was good enough for us. We had the same problem at both the Diamond Club pool and the main pool. I think people saved a lounger and then sat on a stool peeing in the pool at the swim-up bar the rest of the day. Maybe having a storage area available at the pool for your items to stay dry would help with this problem.We found both of these pools, including the children's section to be extremely clean for our entire stay. The pools are designed really well, with grates along the edges for debris to be siphoned off. The depth was good for swimming and the design of the pool was pleasing. The main pool at the beach is great and has a fountain in the middle of it to help keep you cool. The snack bars here (Piscis - good pasta and pizza and hot dogs and Las Olas - good chicken) were really wonderful and close for lunch. If you are here for the beach and pools then do yourself a favour and do not waste your valuable time by going back to your room to change clothes so that you can go to the main buffet in the lobby for lunch.There are lots of water sports here at the beach to keep you occupied if swimming and sunbathing and sandcastle building are not enough for you. Pool noodles or some kind of 'floaties' would have been a nice touch. I did bring a blow up mattress but decided it was too much to carry with all of the towels, blanket, shovels, pails, etc that I already need to bring to the pool and beach with me.The grounds here are beautiful and kept extremely clean and well manicured. One afternoon we saw a man scrubbing the walkways with a soap solution to make sure it was clean enough. The restaurants, lobby and hotel rooms are also spotless and well maintained. I even noticed staff in the restaurants moving chairs slightly to make sure that everything was just so.Generally, I would say the service by people who relied on tips to earn a better living was above average. We were always seated immediately upon arrival for both the buffets and the a la carte restaurants. We never had to look for a waiter/waitress to refill our glasses or take dirty plates or anthing else. They were maybe a bit too quick at times to refill or take away a plate while you were still eating but they were always friendly and tried to fill any requests. I called once for towels and received them within 10 minutes and also called with a problem with the safe and that was resolved in about the same amount of time. When we were checking out, someone arrived to help with our luggage within 5 minutes. Amazing!!!We watched a bit of the 'entertainment' at the Tropicana Theatre but found it a little too painful to stay for long. I'm sure there was a lot more than what we saw (to be fair) but any time we stopped in there was some kind of contest going on with the tourists (dancing, game shows). We did venture to Pueble Principe one evening and enjoyed the music and dancing there. Although the complex is large, you will find it does not take long to walk from place to place. And the shuttles run constantly, we never waited longer than 5 minutes (and that would have even been unusual) for a ride. The only time I found it a nuisance was when I needed something from the Diamond Club reception - don't kid yourself, they are furthest away for just that reason I am sure! All restaurants, pools and beach are just a quick ride away. HINT - if you want to go to Pueblo Principe or the front of the lobby, take one of the shuttles that runs along the edge of the resort, not the ones that run down the middle (look at the map they give you if this is not clear).We stayed in building 29 on the Bavaro side of the resort (watch out, here come some negatives). I had requested at the time of booking a room NOT beside the swamp in the middle and with 2 beds (1 child and 2 adults). Well our building is right beside the swamp and we only had one bed. Plus our room faced the construction of a new wing of the hotel. The construction does NOT stop when it gets dark. As a matter of fact, when we went to bed at midnight, the men were still working. They worked all weekend too so we suspect that they may be trying to catch up from being behind schedule. The smell of roofing tar permeated all the way to the lobby a couple of nights. I asked for a new room with 2 beds but instead was told they would bring me a cot. Then they decided not to even do that, but to put sheets on the couch instead. We decided to try that for a night instead of maybe ending up with a worse room. I was not happy that my request for a room with 2 beds was seemingly ignored but we chose to stay in that room for the week after all. I saw one mosquito on the first night but none after that. The construction equipment was exciting for my son (Scoop, Muck and Dizzy) so it wasn't all bad.We did have a couple of problems with our maid cleaning the room properly. To her credit, the room was always done when we got back from lunch or the beach. The second night my son had a wee 'accident' on the bed and she did NOT change the sheets. Instead, she put a blanket between the sheets (did she think the blanket would soak up the pee?????). So then we had two wet sheets AND a wet blanket. Really unacceptable. Two days later we did not get any fresh towels. We had facecloths on the first day only so if you do rely on them, bring them as we did. The next day our wet beach towels stayed on the floor for 1 1/2 days. When she came, she took 3 towels and left 1. Fortunately I had brought some from home so we were not really inconvenienced, it was just the irritation factor which we mostly ignored. The musty smell in our room was fairly strong. I brought a candle but forgot the Febreeze. I just finished 4 loads of laundry and even though I used some tea tree oil and lavender oil and a vinegar rinse, the musty smell remains on all of our clothes.We did have some complaints with the food as well. Some seafood looked cooked under the heat lamps (not high enough wattage to keep food at a safe temperature in my inexperienced opinion) but was obviously way undercooked when we returned to the table with it. Shrimps and fish and the mini lobster were undercooked and a really gross consistency. They were really mushy like mashed potatoes - bleck! The rice and cooked veggies were always hard to chew as they were rock hard. Everything else was quite good. One cold soup and two hot soup choices at supper. About eight different kinds of buns and breads. Two long tables of cold choices such as cheese, lunch meat, shredded vegetables and chopped items for salads. Every night there were sixteen hot food choices and a pasta bar. Also three different areas where the cooks would prepare something fresh for you (pasta, meat, seafood). Usually five fruit choices and three or four ice creams. Desserts were three or more mousse consistency desserts plus four or so other choices. They pretty much all tasted the same to me and I try to avoid dairy which really limits dessert to fruit. Oh they also had pastry and sugar 'sticks' and/or a cookie choice too. My son is a strict vegetarian (no meat, eggs or seafood) and we easily filled a plate for him at every meal. We all had 'the runs' in varying degrees during the last couple of days as did everyone else we spoke to. I don't feel I ate much differently when I was away and can count all of my alcoholic drinks on one hand so overindulgence or strange/different foods does not explain the symptoms anyone in my family suffered (and are still suffering frankly). I think the temperature of the food at the buffets is to blame. We have Health Canada checking into food safety at restaurants, I am guessing there is no equivalent here. The cold foods in some places were sitting in the sun streaming in throught the roof (cheese, lunch meat). Frankly I am glad some digestive upsets is all we are complaining about health-wise. And the smell you have read about is here in the main buffet. Yes it is worse if you sit to the left as you enter. It does have a sewage-type quality and is the FIRST thing my son commented on (something like, Whew it stinks in here!). Some countries do use composted/recycled human waste on their plants. I do not know what the smell is but it does seem to be coming from the vegetation/soil in the restaurant. It was strong enough to smell immediately upon entering but it did not ruin our meals.My last comments are involving issues with the Diamond Club reception and are directed towards mostly Martin and Rosa. It seems that you need to ask (and I was polite and using as much Spanish as I could) at least twice to get anything accomplished. I think you are ignored the first time you ask for something and they hope they are too far away from the beach and the pools for you to be bothered to ask again. For example, we arrived at 12 noon. We were told our room would be ready at 3pm. We came back at 3:30 and our room was ready. I asked to rent the safe. Martin told me to come back in 45 minutes (because he could not be bothered there is no other reasonable explantion). We did not come back in 45 minutes because we thought we would probably be changing rooms since we received a room that was pretty much the exact opposite of what we asked for. Our luggage did not arrive from the lobby until 6:45 pm. By that time we were starving and just wanted to shower and change now that our clothes and toiletries had arrived. By the time we finished dinner, I had a headache and did not feel like getting the safe. When we did get it the next day ($28 US - no discount for not having it at all the first day - b.s.) it was not working. I made the trek to reception and they checked something on the computer and said it was working. Again, I told them it was not. They said to go back to the room and try it and if it didn't work to call - how helpful -not! Of course when we got back to the room with the apparently reprogrammed key, the safe still did not work. We called maintenance and they arrived swiftly to solve our problem. No thanks to anyone at the Diamond Club reception, they really did not seem to care at all. Although this was now after dinner on our second night (so two days with no safe) there was no discount. I also asked for the free slippers and robes for the room which you get to keep. I was told they would be there that night or the next morning at the latest. The next night they were still not there so I called housekeeping and they arrived within 10 minutes with our items. Part of the reason we never changed rooms is because of the hassle dealing with the Diamond Club reception and the fact that it took 6 1/2 hours for our luggage to reach our room the first time. We did not want to waste our trip dealing with these buffoons. We also faced a lot of runaround when we decided to take the deal where we would spend the last day of our holiday at Suncape the Beach. I will not even bother counting the trips I made to try and get our money ($200 US) and arrange transportation back to the Bahia to get our shuttle to the airport. I had to fight to get the hotel to pay for our trip back to the hotel even though they told me they would pay for it originally. Then they tried to back out once we had already checked out. Again, if I hadn't insisted and asked more than once, we would have been left stranded. So the bottom line is that this is a beautiful resort in a wonderful location with many great ammenities (oh and the rooms are HUGE !). Just know that if you are unfortunate enough to need to deal with Diamond Club reception it will be a struggle no matter how polite you are. And for anyone who thinks any 'complaints' here are minor, I am just honestly telling what happened on our trip so that others know what to possibly expect. We did not let something like delayed luggage, a non-working safe, peed on bedsheets left on the bed or no towels ruin our vacation. The undercooked or improperly kept buffet food unfortunately did ruin the last couple days of my husband's vacation and is having lasting effects on all of us. Bring immodium and pepto bismol and extra towels and something like Gatorade with you as those all will help! Most importantly have fun, it is not snowing and 15 below in the Dominican.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TomNik
<Content>Loved it!       clean bathroom  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>pamejo
<Content>Great Vacation! Just back from a week at the Gran Bahia. I rely on these reviews when selecting my vacation resort, so thought I should return the favor. My husband  I travel often and have stayed at many all- inclusive resorts throughout the tropics. This was our first time in the Dominican Republic. It's a beautiful place. The water was beautiful and the beaches were wonderful at the GB. You could walk forever  the sand was white  firm. There is a lot of seaweed, but it's not a big deal. DR is working on its infrastructure. The roads are not good outside the resort area, but they are building new ones which will make excursions there much better. We didn't take any of the tours offered because of this, however. Most required 1-3 hours of travel and we didn't want to spend that much time on the road. We hesitated staying at the Gran Bahia because of its size. It is huge and we prefer smaller resorts. As middle age adults, we also prefer all adult - we've had our vacation ruined more than once by parents who don't control their children. We did have a few incidents of this type at GB, but of course that's not the resorts fault. The size turned out not to be a big issue. They have trams that run constantly. We never had to wait on one. They take you back and forth from your room to the pools, beach or restaurants. Very easy to navigate once you figure out where your room is! There were never lines at the restaurants or a lack of lounge chairs on the beach or pools. I didn't feel crowded at all.Our room was very nice. We had upgraded to Gold club before we went because our travel agent had told us they were the only rooms with ocean views. When we got there, however, there are NO rooms with ocean views. Not sure who got it wrong - the agent or the resort - but that was a big disappointment. We had told them that was 1 big requirement. Other than providing robes, slippers and in-room beach towels the room was exactly the same as those in the other clubs. And we didn't get fresh beach towels in our room the last two days. So I would definitely not do the upgrade. They keep the resort immaculate and the room was always clean. I've read about mosquitoes being very bad. I did get a few bites from walking on the beach, but didn't feel they were a nuisance. The food was OK. The buffets were normal all-inclusive buffet fare. The main buffet is much better than the ones around the pool. If you do eat at one of the pool buffets, Piscis (sp) has a better selection  has passable pizza, although you might have to fight your way to get to it. We had 4 ala carte meals included with the Gold Club. We went to the Garden Grill one night  it was OK. Had steak which was a bit fatty - but I come from the midwest which has the best steaks anywhere so my expectations may be high. The French restaurant was wonderful. The ambiance was great  the service was outstanding. Richardson was especially helpful! The best, however, was the beach BBQ. Don't miss it. We actually went there two nights because we liked it so much the first night. We had grilled lobster, ribs  pork chops. The lobster just melted in your mouth. And the atmosphere was really neat. It is done in one of the open air beach restaurants. We really enjoyed it. Neither of us got sick from anything. The resort provides 2 big bottles of water per day in your room, which we used for brushing our teeth  coffee, etc. We drank mixed drinks at the bar with ice  we were fine. The drinks, by the way, were NOT watered down. I had read many reviews that said they were and ended up getting pretty toasted the first day! And the liquor was pretty much top notch. My husband drinks gin  I drink rum and all the bars had Tangeray  Bacardi at no extra charge. The service was also great. I had been apprehensive about this based on the reviews, but for the most part everyone was overly friendly and the service was excellent. Not everyone speaks English, but I know just a tiny bit of Spanish and had no problem communicating. There was one girl in one of the shops in Pueblo Principe that was very rude and we simply left her shop. But other than that everyone was without exception very friendly and helpful. There is a lot of nudity on the beach. If that bothers you, this would not be the place for you. I didn't have a problem with it, but it does take a few days to get used to. Other than that, if you are flying from the midwest I would definitely recommend USA3000. We flew out of St.Louis airport direct to Punta Cana. Our flight was 3 1/2 - 4 hours and was the best flight I've been on in years. We had actual food (imagine that!) and several beverage services as well as very current movies shown each way. The flight attendants were very friendly and helpful. It was actually a treat to fly! Apple Vacations are also top notch. Their representatives are there to help you with anything you need and helped make our transfers go seamlessly.I would definitely recommend the Gran Bahia. We probably will not go back there simply because we prefer all adult and ocean view. Otherwise, the resort is really very good. Hope this helps!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Sal-Harv
<Content>What more could you ask for? Our party of four arrived at the Bahia Principe January 17 to 24, 2007. We read numerous reviews, all we can say is - this is a 5 star resort! We stayed in Jr Suites, booked throughTripcentral - Nolitours, their block of rooms is in an excellent location, near the beach/pools and lunch. We welcomed the music, it usually didn't start till after 3:00 p.m. There was plenty to keep you busy (bingo, pool aerobics, contests, entertainment, etc.) nothing was too loud, the pools are huge, you can be out of the action easily. Snacks/lunch/fresh fruit at the beach/pool was great during the day.Getting back to the resort, yes it is huge, but the shuttles are running every few minutes and till 3:00 a.m. The resort is spotless, inside and outside. Our rooms were huge, a/c worked fine, shower, etc. and no we had no bugs of any kind. The buffets and a` la cartes were excellent, the staff try hard (don't forget to tip!)We went snorkelling with Marinarium, booked at the resort, we all had a great time from start to finish, the crew was excellent, we had a blast. We found enough to do in the evenings, from shopping - the little shops are great,, open till 11ish (also down the beach 25 min away(huts)go during the day) entertainment till midnight, karaoke, disco till after 2 a.m. and casino till 4:00 a.m., if you choose to have a quiet evening you can.Don't think twice about this resort, just go, I hope to return soon.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>drog2000
<Content>5 Star + Hotel!       Diamond Club Pool  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Vollick1979
<Content>Wonderful Hotel but only so-so food This was my first real vacation and although I thought the hotel was amazing there were a few things I would have liked to been better:1. The food. Don't get me wrong I'm not a picky guy when it comes to food and I'll eat just about anything (and based on what my scale said after I got back home I must have) but the food was only so-so no matter what day of the week it was.  Also you get a set number of a la cartes for the week and do not choose either of the bbq's down by the beach... you may think a bbq on the beach would be nice but as it gets dark by 6pm you don't see the ocean and the tables are only covered by a tiki hut so you can get wet if it rains. Plus these 2 a la cartes are just buffets with all the same food at the regular buffet plus a few extra items.... bbq'd meat. So if you want to be served (and after eating buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner every day for a week you'll want to be served) go for the real sit-down choices.One good point of the breakfast buffet was the egg skillets that you get to make yourself and they'll cook them up for you (don't expect speedy service if you go for breakfast at 9am though, the lines can be long) and another great food item was the fruits and real fruit juices.2. The second problem we had was with the drinks. The alcoholic beverages that were inclusive were made with some pretty foul tasting stuff and it was hard to find drinks that didn't make us cringe when taking a sip. The quality of the drinks also differed greatly depending on which bar you went to. The bar in the lobby were served in wonderfully garnished glasses and had a very drinkable taste with timely service... although even when pointing to Banana Daquiri on the menu it was a 50-50 chance of getting the Daquiri or a Banana Magarita. The bars on the beach and pools served in small disposable plastic cups (understandable) and would contain either trace amounts of alcohol or serveral ounces of it with only a little bit of mix.I'm not a picky eater and not a heavy drinker but I wasn't going for the food and the booze but of course great food and drink couldn't hurt. I suggest bringing down some snacks you know you'll enjoy and buy some duty free alcohol on the plane if you plan on drinking.Everything else was absolutely amazing.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>LouLouCanada
<Content>our stay in this hotel Our stay at the resort was fantastic. It is a 5 Star hotel and lives up to the standard. it is quite a large resort with two hotels back to back ( the Bavaro and the Punta Cana) the beach is magnificent. Lots of room and chairs, weather was great. the rooms are very spacious and beautifully decorated with marble and tile. Service was outstanding in the rooms and the hotel services. Lots of places to eat and drink, beach bars, pool bars, snack bars everywhere. A great wedding location, they seem to cater to this event. one day there were three weddings one on the beach where they decorated an arch and even brought chairs for the party during the ceremony. It is hard to come up with a negative but if I was asked personally there were a lot of little kids, we figured they must offer a discount. however they were never in our face as the place is big enough with 4 pools to accomodate everyone. Lots of fun activities such as arobics, dance lessons, scuba diving, sailing, paddle boats, canoes, kyaks. included in the package. Para sailing and snorkling were also availabe with many other excursions. The food was incredible lots of it and plenty of variety at all buffets and a la carte restaurants, - you booked at the restaurants and could choose from Italian, Japanese, Mexican, steak grill, Seafood, French, Brazilian, I may have missed a couple I can't remember them all. Also there is a small Casino, Disco, Kareoke, nightly shows (in more than one location), Piano Bar entertainment, (some for kids)Drinks were all included and very available the only thing we paid for was a Bailey's and there was no Canadian Club Rye Whiskey! I took duty free so did not miss it! A baily drinker may want to do the same. Also snacks are expensive such as chips and chocolate so if you are a chocoholic or like snacks best to take some. If you are a shopper there are not many places to go, the hotel has a Pueblo with 9-10 shops and cart vendors I found their prices quite good if you bartered a little. We found the trip to town an experience but tiring as you get harassed by the vendors big time. Not a place to take children.( we did come back by boat taxi which was kind of fun and you get to see all the hotels on the way. A 45 minute walk along the beach also took you to a bunch of vendors with some nice jewellery, beach wraps, t shirts, hats etc. again bartering is necessary to not pay too much they start very high but with come down if they see you are interested. We would definately go back to this hotel at some point although we like a smaller quieter place. We were with a group of 12 so this worked well.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Suaga_Girl
<Content>Excellent Vacation!            
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LikeT0Travel2
<Content>Please do not idnore this review.... I ignored several negative reviews, thinking of that saying you can't please everyone all of the time, and that surely it couldn't be that bad, and decided to choose this resort because it is fairly new, and it looked beautiful. Well NEVER again. We were soon made to regret this decision. I know this review is long, but PLEASE take the time to read it. I wish I could warn everyone.We travelled to Punta Cana with our 2 children, ages 7 and 4.1. On our first night there, someone (hotel staff) came into our room during the night while we were sleeping (sometime between 11 pm and 8 am) and left beach towels on our luggage. I know this may be hard to believe, but it's the absolute truth.(There were supposed to be beach towels in the room when we arrived, and when we called down and said there weren't any, we NEVER thought they would bring them during the night.) This is SO WRONG, on so many different levels - privacy , security, safety. I just couldn't believe that this happened - especially in light of what happened in Mexico not too long ago. When I went down to the Club Diamond desk to complained about this, a guest there said the same happened to them, but he heard the maid open the door and was shocked too. We had used the bead-bolt on the door, but soon discovered that it too was activated by the entry card. Since there was no Do not disturb card we could use on the door, we constantly felt on guard and couldn't relax in our own room. We spoke with some other guests who said their maid walked into their room during the afternoon while they were lying on their bed. Didn't even knock first!!! This is obviously standard practice, especially since when I complained, no-one really seemed surprised. The lady at registration said she was sorry and would tell the maid not to enter during that night!!!! I was totally flabbergasted as this is a serious issue and shows total disreguard for their guests.  2. The Kids Club at this hotel was well rated which we thought was great and would allow us to have some quiet time without the kids. We soon discovered this would not happen. The staff at the club did not speak English - (actually throughout the entire resort, it was very difficult to communicate because no-one spoke English) , and there wasn't much to do there in the Club. The kids were left to play on their own and the staff sat around and chatted. There were no organized activities. Our 7 year old was happy enough playing Nintendo, and basketball with another little boy who was there, but after 2 afternoons that got boring and he no longer wanted to go there. Our 4 year old walked around the room and very soon discovered there was nothing for her to do. They had a couple of movies and that was all. When I asked about crayons and colouring (which I had to do through geatures), I was told they finished. How is it, at a 5 star resort, they could not ensure they had basics supplies like crayons and paper on hand. Had I known, gee, I would have picked up a couple boxes at the Dollar Store!!!!!3. I realize we were in their country, but considering tourism is so important to them, you'd think they'd want to speak some English. When I say practically no one spoke English, trust me, I'm not exaggerating.Despite the language barrier, and the Kids Club (which we could have done without it anyway), the biggest and most significant issue we had was someone coming into our room during the middle of the night, while we were all sleeping, they were right at the foot of our bed! We had no security in our room. If one of the maids lost her key and someone found it, they would have complete access to the rooms. The guests could do nothing, even at night there was no way to secure your door. This still sends shivers down my back at the thought of my kids being there, and what could have happened, and the total lack of respect for their guests?!?!We can honestly say we will never go back to this resort which is sad, because the resort itself is beautiful, the grounds are very well kept, and the food was fantastic. Definitely the best food we've had in the Carribean, but definitely not worth the risk to us!!!!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>suebee1177
<Content>Just Okay My daughters and I just returned from this hotel where we stayed for five days. I would NOT recommend this hotel mainly for one reason ...and that is that we have returned with mosquito bites all over us. Our room was infested with them and had to have our rooms fumigated. We were kept up at night with them attacking us and had to sleep under the sheets. I found the staff at times unfriendly and they did not understand much English. I had to contact the bell desk three times to come and pick up our luggage..but we ended up taking it ourselves to check out! The food was okay..and what saved this vacation for us was the beach...it is absolutely beautiful. But unfortunately, they were playing music non-stop, so if you wanted to have peace and quiet, you needed to bring ear plugs. The pools were nice, but also music was everywhere!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>corbobble
<Content>paradise plus perfection plus is what i would start by saying.it was our 25th anniversary,and we have travelled to many resorts,in aruba,mexico,and bahamas.this resort was listed as a 5 star and i would add a plus in front of it.we added the diamond club which i would reccomend highly.when we got off the plane we were handed our package which included our registation(so when we arrived we didn't need to stand in line and register,it was all taken care of,we were told to have lunch and proceed to our room which was perfect,it even over looked the out door wedding chapel.so during our stay we would sit on the balcony and watch the weddings....the room was cleaned to perfection everyday and there was fresh flowers placed in and around our bed and room.that was a nice touch.the food was so delicious,and was presented with elegance.the staff treated us with smiles and kindness,always wanting to do more.the resort grounds were kept clean and neat,and everything was trimed and washed.my wife and i joked about trying to find something wrong but we couldn't.we would go back in a heart beat,like so many couples that we met there did.....it was a great place to celebrate our anniversary,you are not taking a chance going here.enjoy  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kimberlee14
<Content>Amazing Resort!!! Hello!My husband and I just returned from a wonderful stay at the Gran Bahia Principe. The staff were very friendly and fun. Everyone always had a smile on their face which made our stay much more enjoyable.Personally, I thought the food was incredible. There was so much choice, however I am not a very picky eater. My husband on the other hand didn't enjoy the food so much. I highly recommend Maiko, the Japonese restaurant, muy muy bueno!!The shows were okay, nothing spectacular. There was a Karaoke bar which was a lot of fun!There is a mini Town Square at the resort called Pueblo Principe. That is where they held the shows at night, where the casino was, the Karaoke bar and the Internet Centre. My husband was very impressed with the internet centre. He had brought his own laptop and was able to use it in our room! They were very helpful and even delivered the modem to us. The beach was beautiful, by far my favourite part. Nice white soft sand and bright blue water. I spent a lot of time in the ocean and I noticed it was very murky. More so than other places I have been in the Carribbean. The resort is very large, but I didnt mind walking. And if I ever got tired I could hop on the trams that were always going from the lobby to the beach.Overall we had a fantastic stay and would definately return to this resort!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>SaskRed
<Content>Good Resort for the Price This hotel, like all of the inclusive resorts I have seen, has its good and bad points. My girlfriend and I just returned from a one week stay Jan 17 - 24.Food - I want to begin by saying that nowhere in the Dominican or Mexico will you find meat cut an quality as good as it is in Canada and the US - unless you are willing to pay huge money ($1000 and up per night) for the very elite resorts. There is plenty of variety in the buffets. True, any buffet can get somwhat repetitive, but there was plenty of choice here between beef, chicken, fish and vegatable dishes. Although some of the foods could be labelled better. I chose to not eat things called meat stew or roasted meat skewers. meat could mean almost anything. I agree with some of the other reviewers that food was sometimes undercooked. In particular - the hamburgers at the snack bar - many times served very greasy and very very red and soft inside. The ala cartes were ok for the most part. BBQ on the beach and Italian were both very very good. All you can eat lobster at BBQ on the beach. Good quality and well cooked meats  vegs and great service from the waiters. Garden Grill (steakhouse) provided very nice steaks with very terrible service. Mexican was ok, but pretty poor for an ala carte. Food undercooked and very little choice. Liquor - It is true that the only booze included is that of the cheaper variety. Although, if you order premium liquors directly from the bartenders and tip at least $1 they will not charge you. For those people wanting to go on a couple benders while they are there - does the brand of liquor really matter after the first 4 or so drinks? The bartenders are more than happy to mix drinks ultra strong if that is what you like. Free liquor til 11pm. Then if you go to watch the shows there is a charge. You sign a paper and it is charged to your room. And honestly, since there is no way for the waiter to know - I am sure many people just give a random room number and sign. This show closes at 12 and you can then go to the very nearby disco where you must also sign for drinks. I tipped the bartender $1-2 each time I ordered a round of drinks and he never charged me anything. Also, is it just me or did the Coco Locos and Pina Coladas always taste like there was no alcohol in them? (even when I specifically asked for alcohol) Resort Cleanliness - There is no question- this resort is spotless. Gleaming granite floors and tiled walkways always scrubbed. Everywhere you look you will see someone cleaning something. Very impressive in this regard. Also, maids may come at 8:00 am to clean your room or they may not show up until 4:00pm. They always do a good job but only rarley make towel animals or lay out flowers. Resort Layout - Everyone says this resort is too big - I disagree. I think it is just way way way too long. I have been to the RIU complex nextdoor which is larger and consists of 6 resorts and it seemed smaller. You would assume that a large resort would have clusters of amenities located at different areas. The problem is that your room may be located near the beach and in order to buy chips or go to the lobby you have to take a bus. There is no way to sort of get everything you need in various central areas. There is only 1 central area in the front of the resort and no matter where you are you have to travel there for the large buffet, lobby bar, and general amenities. The buses come by like every 2 mins which is fast but the constant exhaust fumes are nearly overwhelming. For this reason alone I would likely not go back. Staff Friendliness- Overall the staff is pretty good here. Tips always made a difference in service. Not that the service was bad to begin with, but it will get better if you tip. And honestly, what is $5 or $10 bucks a night in tips when you are getting unlimited liquor and food? Just so you know, when you tip you have specify that the tip is only for that server/bartender. Otherwise they have to pool the money and split it among all the employees in that area. Overall a good resort, but far far too long for any type of leisurely walking. Free internet is limited to 15mins per room per day. No difference between Gold, Diamond, Premier etc... Some agents would have you believe that one section is more elite than another but in fact they have different names because they are sold but different travel groups. Almost all areas get 4 ala carte bookings per week. All junior suite rooms are in fact a regular room with a sofa/couch added into one end. They are no larger than regular rooms. Bathrooms are regular sized with whirlpool tubs. Nice rooms but not on par with junior suites in other resorts.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>TurboTraveller
<Content>Do Not Use Telephones BTW we booked with SellOffVacations.com. Don't know why it's not in the list offered on this site.OK... my girlfriend and I travelled from Dec. 30th to Jan 6th. Our experience was pretty much the same as everybody else on here. The resort is huge, but we knew that going in. The service is not bad, but it's not as good as in Cuba (Varadero, Cayo Coco, Holguin).The reason for this review... we got screwed by using the telephone and charging it to our credit card. From the room we made two calls back home to say happy New Year to our parents. The calls were no more than 2 minutes. The hotel charged us 2 US$ for making calls from the room... NO Problem. Two weeks later, we get our VISA bills. 39.40 for each call !!!! COME ON. Two calls for 80 CAD$... We didn't call the planet Pluto (I know it's not a planet anymore... but it's pretty far).ALSO, our flight was delayed 4 hours, so we called our ride to let them know that we'd be late.... guess what... another 39.40 on the credit car. All said, we paid close to 120 bucks canadian for three short phone calls.Travelling is wonderful, but it never feels good to get the SHAFT from the country you're visiting.All that said, we won't be going back to the Dominican Republic anytime soon. We travel to the Carribean a lot and decided during this vacation that the service, scenery, SCUBA diving and beaches are better in Cuba...That's all I have to say about that. Hopefully I saved a few people a couple of bucks. If so, please make a small donation to the Hospital for Sick Children :-)G and J  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mish78
<Content>Loved it...second time around! I stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe from December 30-January 6. My friend and I are both in our twenties and this was actually our second New Year's experience at the Bahia. We rang in 2006 at this resort as well. We loved it so much last year that we decided to go back, but were a little worried because our expectations were so high. We were certainly not disappointed. The food was fantastic. We actually prefer the buffet over the a la carte restaurants so we didn't even bother to book them this year. I have a very sensitive stomach so have to be careful with the food I consume, but let's just say that I actually put on a few pounds throughout the week. It seems as though they've increased the frequency of the tram. Last year we ended up walking to and from the lobby quite a few times. This year, we didn't have to wait more than 3 minutes for a tram to come along. The staff is fantastic and will do anything to make your stay a happy one. We didn't have any negative encounters with any staff members at all. We did notice that we weren't getting the number of towels we needed so I made a very poor attempt at writing a note in very broken Spanish requesting 4 towels (I speak no Spanish at all). We were happy to find later that afternoon that our request had been fulfilled. On top of that, our housekeeper popped in to make sure that we had enough. My only piece of advice for those 25 and over...at this particular time of year, we couldn't help but notice a large number of much younger people in the disco every night. It's probably a better idea to offsite for a night of dancing. The resort's disco is not really suited for the more mature crowd and unfortunately, they don't play nearly enough merengue, salsa, bachata, etc. That's really my only complaint and it wasn't big enough to take away from my fun at all. The beach was beautiful, the resort is beautiful, the people are wonderful, and if you want to have a wonderful time, there's a good chance you'll have it here. On our flight to Punta Cana we decided that next year we ought to try a new location. On our way back to Toronto, we both knew that we'd be back next year. Enjoy your stay!!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>psychgirl
<Content>Nice resort - but bad food. My boyfriend and I stayed at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana from Jan. 13 to Jan. 20. Neither of us have been to an all inclusive resort before. We're both in our late 20s.We decided on DR  this resort, as both mine  my bf's relatives stayed there a year and two ago, and gave it pretty good reviews. I only skimmed some of the reviews here, but generally focused on the good ones  decided that the few bad ones in between would not really matter.Let me start by saying that we ended up having a good time and did get the rest we so craved. However...FlightWe took USA 3000. The flight to the DR was an hour delayed, but we made it there in 3 hours. Decent food and alcoholic beverages ($5 for alcohol) were served on the plane, plus a movie was shown which made the flight go by really fast.Our flight back was a couple of hours delayed and it was a 4 hour flight, but still went by pretty fast (with another movie and the drinks).Arriving in DRIt took us maybe 10 minutes to get out of the airport, and that included getting our luggage. Our travel agency representative was waiting outside of the airport  we got put on a shuttle to the resort. Everything was fast paced and went smoothly.The ride from the airport to the resort was about 40 minutes. It was dark and we were a little uncomfortable riding through the dark poor streets.Our check in was also quite fast paced, but overall smooth. For whatever reason we got upgraded to a better room, and ended up being in block 9, very close to the main pool  beach area. The feel we did get from the check-in was that if things were not satisfactory in our room, we would either have to deal with it or go through great lengths and pains in terms of discussions to have things improved. Plus, you get whisked away to your room along with your luggage, and you really don't want to go back to the lobby with your luggage again in order to be moved somewhere where you will probably encounter another problem. We had small problems here and there, and we decided to just take it and be happy.We did pay extra for the safe, as we did not want to have to worry about our wallets, passports, gadgets, and jewelery going missing. I think it paid off, as on one occasion when we got back into our room a couple pieces of the furniture were moved from their place - e.g., it looked like someone moved the night tables as if they were looking for items that could be hidden behind them. Also, the closets were open a few times, when I am very particular about closing everything and in general know when my organization of personal items has been messed with. I would definitely recommend that you invest the extra $30, and prevent any of your things going missing.The roomOur room was nice. However, the rooms are not exactly as they appear in pictures. Some wear and tear is already very obvious. For example, the couch smelled funny. On our 4th day there the toilet started leaking. Luckily it was against the wall and down a slant, so the water did not move to the rest of the bathroom. Each morning after we showered, I would throw our towels on the leak to absorb the water. The maid would then mop the water up, clean the floor, and give us fresh towels.Our maid was good. We tipped her $2 for the first 4 days, and then $3. We always got towels. Sometimes 3, sometimes 4, sometimes 2 (big ones). We always got hand towels and wash cloths. She would leave us flowers and put the towels into nice arrangements. I guess the tipping helped, and was esp. evident after we left a $3 tip. One time our maid did not have water to leave us and said she would be back later. When we got back into our room at 5 and the water wasn't there, I called the maid services to bring us 3 bottles of water. Within 10 minutes we had someone bring us 3 bottles of water. Then another person 20 minutes later brought us another 3. We tipped them both $1 each. The maid ended up bringing more water later that night. Needless to say, we had plenty of water :) On one occasion the maid did not clean our room, as we slept in and forgot to take the 'do not service' sign off our door. When we got back from the beach at 4pm, I called maid services and asked for someone to come in and clean our room at 6pm, but also bring us towels and water right away. Fresh towels and water arrived within 10 minutes, and when we got back from dinner at 8pm, the room had been cleaned.If you call the maid services directly, they will be very helpful and efficient.The fridge in the room is not really a fridge. It is a cooler. If you put cold beer in there, it will stay cool for a day and then will be of room temperature. We drank the fridge beer with ice.There was a small bottle of local rum in our room and coke in the fridge, so we made drinks with that as well.We did have little ants in our room, but decided not to complain as they were mostly found on the dresser near the packets of sugar (for coffee). We figured we were in the tropics, and were happy there were no roaches or other tropic bugs in the room. We did not have any mosquitos even though we were not too far from the bridge/pond. Then again, we never left our patio door open and had the A/C on at all times. Also, we did not experience any mosquitos while outside - maybe b/c of the season?We were advised to brush our teeth with bottled water, but we only did that for one night then forgot about it and felt like it was a hassle. You could tell that the water was different, but we did not get sick from brushing our teeth in it.We liked the jacuzzi in the bathroom, and took advantage of it every night after the beach. Very relaxing, with bubbles and flower petals floating around. On our last night there, however, there was a leak from the room above - it looked like the jacuzzi above us was leaking. But it was our last night, so we did nothing.Overall the room situation  service were ok. We basically only slept and showered in the room so it was not worth bitching about the small stuff. Tipping your maid definitely helps!The staffThe staff around the resort were generally very friendly and very catering. The bartenders are very nice and social, even more if you tip. The waiters at the buffet  a la carte restaurants were also extremely attentive and always there to fill up your glass with wine. Each time we were at an a la carte restaurant (4 times) we tipped the waiter  the person who kept refilling our drinks. We dressed up very elegantly for each of the restaurants and I think this added to the great service. We did see plenty of people wearing inappropriate attire (e.g., shorts, questionable shirts) to the a la carte restaurants, but if you dressed chic you got treated that way too. I'm talking nice long pants, collar shirts with long sleeves and nice dresses with heels. You get more attention and the staff gets a nice tip. I think they figured that one out, as did we :)The waitresses in the main lobby were very sweet and made a lot of rounds in terms of getting us drinks. We tipped.After a couple of days in terms of tipping, once you're spotted you get serviced immediately. I would ask for double rum in our drinks and would get that with a smile.The only people who were curt were the people at the front desk (check-in, check-out). We did not find that to be a problem, as we did not have any major issues that needed their attention.FoodNow here comes the bad part. The food was not good, and we were very surprised by it. The buffet had the same food all the time and it was never the right temperature, always too cold and did not seem fresh. It was worse at the lunch buffet around the pool area. The burgers were undercooked, the hot dogs were gros, and generally everything tasted like it was left out for too long. Even the fries tasted stale. I'm not afraid of junk food and at 125lbs I was not afraid to put on extra pounds, but I had trouble finding food that would satisfy me. I mostly stuck to pizza and pasta at the buffet. The breakfast situation was similar. The scrambled eggs were always cold, the bacon, the french toast, the fried 'stuff', everything was cold and tasted like it's been out for hours. I stuck to omlets, which were made in front of you, but still tasted bland (too much oil used), and my bf went with cereal and fruit. In short, the food at the buffet was horrible.Now a la carte restaurants... also very disappointing. We got into 4 restaurants, the hibachi Japanese, seafood, Brazilian, and Italian.Japanese - was the first and best out of all, at least the food was made right in front of us and it was hot.Brazilian - we were the first ones in the restaurant at 6:30pm - opening time - and so got the food right off the grill. Was ok, sausage was good, so was chicken. The rest was poor - beef was dry and poor quality. I did not even want to try the pork. The sides were from a buffet set up in the restaurant. Potatoes, rice, salad bar - was ok. Not a big fan of buffets, esp. ones at the resort.Seafood restaurant - bad. Threw up the salmon when we got back to our room. My bf had stomach problems all next day. Bring Immodium pills if you plan on attending this restaurant. My salmon seemed cool in temp. - that should have been my clue to stop eating it. I was hungry though. You gotta eat.The Italian restaurant was poor too. I played it safe and had pizza, but honestly this was the worst pizza I ever had. And you know what they say about pizza - even bad pizza is good pizza. Not the case with the pizza at this resort. My bf had some sort of pasta and was not impressed - this coming from someone who will occasionally eat macaroni from a box and feel satisfied.This should give you an idea in terms of food quality. If you really enjoy food, this is not a resort for you. We went as a couple and dinners were very important to us. Diner is a time where you sit, talk, enjoy each other's company and savor your food. The atmosphere is not as good when the food sucks and you are wondering whether your stomach will accept it, or whether you will make it to the room before it wants to leave (one way or the other). If we were with a big group and drank a lot of alcohol, maybe this would not have been such a big deal to us. But like I said. It was pretty bad. We ended up losing weight on this vacation, even though we had plenty of high calorie drinks. With the exception of the Japanese restaurant, we felt pretty gros every time we ate. It is no surprise that we broke the 'stay away from fruits and veggies' rule, otherwise we would have had nothing.The first thing we did when we got home to Boston at 6pm, was get dressed for dinner in the North End... We had to get some good food in our tummies before we officialy finished our vacation.DrinksIncluded: yes. Great: no. They only had one kind of local beer, and mostly on tap. Never cold enough, and quite stale. If you are dreaming of drinking Coronas at the beach, forget it. The white wine was the worst I have ever tasted, and even though I enjoy good wine, I have never complained about even the cheapest white wine you can get in the US. The house wine they serve you sucks. We did not try the red. We thought about buying wine in 2 a la carte restaurants, but by that time we were in general beaten down by the food/drink situation and just did not even feel like it. The cocktails are good, but you can only have so many. They are very sweet. Asking for extra rum is good, as it seems watered down and it would take you half a day before you got a buzz. You get the picture. But alcohol is alcohol, so in the end that was bearable. Not the food though.ActivitiesWe played tennis 4 times in the morning. The courts were always available. Not too many people into the sport there I guess. That was nice. So we got our activity on the court. We played voleyball once - it is organized right at the beach  pool; one of the staff comes around and encourages people to play. That was fun, even though we were all terrible at it :) There were some free water sports that were included in our package. It was too windy for most of them, but we did do canoeing/cayaking one time. Be careful though as you will get flipped over by the ocean waves. I stayed closer to the shore, as if you get flipped over (which I did after I decided to be more brave and paddle out further), you need to be able to swim to your canoe, hold the paddle, flip the canoe, and get back in :) all while in the windy waters. It was fun though. There were aerobics and dance lessons offered at the beach and by the pool. They were fun to watch, esp. if you had a drink in your hand and liked the upbeat music.EntertainmentNothing to brag about really. The disco was alright at best. The international show was amateur - the ladies did flash their undies/thongs a lot though. I suppose to keep the men interested, otherwise the auditorium would be empty. Kind of cheesy. We did like the main lobby though, some guy sang there every night. It did create a nice ambiance. We usually retreated to our room at around 10pm when the lobby started to clear out.The BeachWe really liked the beach, and found no problems in terms of getting loungers. You could always find one here and another there and bring them together. We found seats at 11am or 12pm under umbrellas, and under little palms. Same by the pool. We always managed to find something and create our own space. The beach has beautiful blue water and white sand. Very pleasant to sit out and watch others as they pass by or read a book/magazine. Lots of topless women, 95% of them should have stayed covered up... brrrr... mostly middle aged (or older) and mostly heavy women, all experiencing gravity, beared their tops.You can walk down the beach and hit the local vendor tents. The initial prices were ridiculous and you really needed to haggle to get a more reasonable price. I really wanted the handmade albums made out of leaves, etc. The initial prices given to me were $40 for one. We ended up getting 4 for $28. The vendors make you feel really bad and 'cheap' like you're robbing them, so it's hard, but you know that you're still paying way to much. I can't say that one of those albums is worth more than $3. It's up to you how much you want to argue and what you are willing to pay.The poolsWe stayed at the main pool with the swim up bar. The pool was great, seemed clean, swim up bar was convenient and a funky idea. We also had our floats and just sat in them in the middle of the pool sipping cocktails. Always found seats around the pool. Very nice!The resortThe resort itself looks great; the grounds are very well kept. The construction looks very pleasant and has a tropical touch. The lobby is pretty impressive, lots of room to lounge around and have coffee/tea/drinks. There is plenty of space to sit and relax. The resort is big and there is a trolley, but we almost never used it. It is really a 5 minute walk from the main lobby to the beach. We would end up getting to our 'stop' at the same time as the trolley, and we walked. It's nice to walk, esp. in the evening when the air is slightly cooler. Very refreshing. We loved the walks :) One night it rained so we got into the trolley, and if you are wearing heels you may want to take one as it's often slippery and you can get your heel stuck in the sidewalk stones.OverallWe had a great time at the beach  the pool, and definitely have some fun memories, but we were also disappointed at some aspects of this trip. In particular, had the food been good, I'm sure we would have been more satisfied. If you enjoy eating good food then this is not a resort for you. The quality of food was far below decent/average. You are guaranteed to get a better meal at a low quality chain restaurant or even MacDonalds in the US, than at Bahia Principe Punta Cana. After the 4th day of eating so poorly it ends up affecting your mood and quality of time.If you do go, have a great time! We made the best of it. Would we go there again? Nope.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jtkirk
<Content>The Best Resort This is a fabulous resort, we went feb,06 and it was by far, the best resort we've been to. We have stayed at Riu,Barcello,Superclub Breezes and Real, none of them compare. Food was excellent! and that says alot because we usually find the food sub par. Its a huge resort with four large pools and a beautiful beach. nice layout with a tram running all day to get around. The grounds were great well kept, rooms large and clean and everything works as it should. Had a great time would go back again. Only thing is, you have to get up early to get a seat at the main pool(golden section) or beach as the place is pretty busy. Also, you have to pay for your in room safe, so if you are Canadian pay for it with your credit card. its cheaper.Overall its the first true Five star we've stayed at. Enjoy  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunToronto
<Content>will never go back I have returned from Bahia Principe on Jan 19 2007 and will never travel here again. Resort was too busy, food was horrible, my husband and I were both sick with cramps, he is still sick and needed anti-biotics for his sickness. Our room had a leaky ceiling when the person above flushed the toilet. Raw meat in the restaurants, had to get up early to reserve a beach chair, the beach was so busy I felt like I was on the 401 highway, staff didn't speak english and were rude, pool bathrooms always had a line up and 2 out of 4 toliets were functioning the whole week, I guess they have a toliet problem, after eating that food, anyone would. Drinks were not all inclusive, only their cheap brands, no Baileys, no cognac, no Bicardi Rum, no whiskey. I have travelled all the islands and have never experienced this. The only thing that was good was the weather and you can go to so many other places for good weather. The staff never looked happy, we had to say good morning or no one else would. The entertaiment was boring, the night club was pathetic, and if you wanted to go to the casino, bring lots of money, the drinks are not included, how sad. Overall, my worst experience, will never go back and was happy to come home, this is no 5 star hotel, more like a 3 star.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>TnT2007
<Content>Our Wedding Vacation       View from the room 2  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>billsfan38
<Content>Great week at The Gran Bahia My wife, 27, and I, 34, traveled to the Gran Bahia frrom Jan 13-20th. We had a great time and could not believe some of the negative reviews we had read before we went, this place is great.It is a beatifully maintained resort, the pools are kept very clean and the service was friendly every where we went. We did not up-grade to the diamond club or gold club and never once during our stay did we wish we had.Please remember when you go, you did not pay for the Ritz, you will have a great time!!! We spent most of the week lounging around the pool and the afternoons sitting at the pool bar. The language barrier was only an issue once that was in the Lobby shop. All of the servers, bartenders, tour guides, etc. spoke enough english to make us feel very welcome.We stayed in villa 14 which was pretty centrally located on the resort. We walked to the lobby every time and only used the tram to get to the beach the last couple of days. This is a big resort but after reading the reviews, I was expecting much larger. Juana at the pool bar next to our building was a blast. I highly reccomend you make friends with her and the rest of the bar tenders at this pool early in the week. I never waited for a beer. I tipped them each $2.00 a day and they seemed thrilled.The buffet was good always alot to choose from. We did find it true that alot of the food was under-cooked, just be smart, you'll do fine. We ate at the seafood and japanese A LA Carte restaurants loved the J apanese, would not reccommend the seafood.We took the snorkeling tour with the sharks and the rays. The snorkeling portion of the trip was very brief, it quickly turned into a booze cruise, looked like most people had a blast but I was there for the snorkeling.Over all we had a great trip. I am going to give my e-mail and promise I will try to respond to any questions any has. Relax and have a great time.contact me at billsfan38@fuse.net  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>tnmama
<Content>need to complain just a little I spent New Years, and the week following, here with my husband,. mother and 3 grown kids...22, 20 and 16. It is a huge resort and we were glad the trolley ran as freqently as it does. We found the food to be very good and were lucky to enjoy rooms in building #1 which was right at the pool/beach. My kids had a great time in the evenings with kids their own age in the casino or karyoke bar for example. The only complaint was about their check-in procedure. It was THE worst check-in. As a Golden club member we were supposed to get prefferred service howevere the right hand did not know what the left hand was doing and check in took us from 3pm to 4;15. We had to be a little aggressive after a while or face being ignored. Signing up for dinner was awul as well and we never got the times to eat we reqested..in fact we ate at 10pm one night...way too late..we took our own bags to the room and back to the bus on check out...my boys were in a different building and despite empty rooms around me there was no way they were going to move them and would give no reason why not either...I guess I wonder what we got as a Golden upgrade and wonder if it was worth it( room close to beach was nice tho)...we really had a nice time but we decided to go somewhere else next vacation :0)  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	1	4	3	

<Author>Vdberg
<Content>High quality resort but far too big.       Parrots seen on safari  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Gorden3
<Content>Great service, very clean but thieves work there The resort is very well cared for. It is clean well maintained but is huge. It is so big that you have to take a trolley from the restaurants / reception to the beach!Food was also great. Many restaurants to choose from but you have to book (and waiting line for that) early in the week in order to get a seat.Over all, I would have returned to this resort had it not been for my wallet being stolen the very first day by the bell boy. Even after it was reported, I go little if no help getting it back. The written reports I saw earlier in the week suddenly disappeared when I asked for copies. Basically, a very corrupt people at a very corrupt place. Again, I must say, if it were not for that incident, my rating would be 4 or 5 out of 5 but having my wallet stolen left a horrible taste in my mouth.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cercy3
<Content>Great Resort!       Beach games  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>divagirl1969
<Content>Back from Heaven again.       Here is Jimmy  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FunCanadianCouple
<Content>Bahia Principe Rocks !!! Hi Everyone, I first have to say to all the naysayers, blah and sppshhsspp. The Bahia Principe was wonderful. Upon arriving we discovered there is a gold and diamond club. Ceaserino, you rock, after a small request and innocent looks, got us into the gold club, in a great room, by the beach, We did pay the differance. The location really did not matter as they have a real cool transport system. Never waited more than a couple of minutes to go anywhere. Getting your paperwork and keys on the bus is terrific, no wasting time at the counter waiting in line. We got there, tagged our bags and went to the beach. When we did get around to going to our rooms, our bags were there, too easy. The rooms are okay, large and comfortable ( Although I like the Iberostar Bavaro rooms better, differant layout) I liked having the HBO movie channel, as we like to settle in around ten or so, it is nice to watch some cool movies, Although the spanish channels are just hilarious to watch. The food, yummm, and I mean yumm. I am a Canadian from Alberta, the beef capital of the world (true LOL), and the steack house just blew me away, japanese mmmmm, italian mmmmm get the idea Ha Ha. The staff, all I can say is the staff rocks, they remember your names from previous visits, this is remarkable as there are literally thousands of visiters. The pools especially the gold and diamond ones are great alternatives to the really big pool. We found the management rocks, and all the staff was cool. We are learning Spanish and tried hard to speak in spanish to all the staff, sometimes is was just hilarious. Thank you to all of the staff that so very patient with us. So, in conclusion the Bahia Principe ROCKS !!! For all you people who find things wrong, lighten up, you are on vacation. Have fun. We are going again in March for two weeks and looking forward to FUN FUN FUN in the SUN SUN SUN WAHOO!!!FUN CANADIAN COUPLE  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LikeToGo55
<Content>Boring! My husband and I stayed at the Gran Bahia for two weeks over the Christmas/New Years holiday. We have traveled extensively (Mexico, Caribbean, Hawaii, Europe, cruises, USA, etc.), but this was our first (and probably last) time to the DR. The Good: The room, buildings and grounds were very clean and well maintained (except the pools), the weather was warm, and the wait staff and maid staff were pleasant.The Not So Good: The food--from the cold burgers, hot dogs and fries at the beach grills to the buffets with bland, lukewarm food to the ala Carte restaurants鈥攖he food at this resort was not up our standards for even a three star resort. The bars opened late and closed early, typical bar brands were considered premium (and cost extra), and the wine was undrinkable. There were no snacks at the lobby bar (if you were lucky and asked they would bring you some peanuts or olives!) The entertainment was so/so鈥攁 one-man band playing music that put you to sleep in the lobby bar, shows typical of all-inclusive resorts (Michael Jackson, etc.) and a very small casino (where you had to pay for drinks--$3 for a small glass of Coke). The shops were expensive and had items you can buy in the States for less than half the price. Overall, we felt that this resort was at best a 4 star (and we are being very generous). We also agree totally with a prior reviewer who said, 鈥淢anagement at this hotel comes across as incredibly cheap and stingy鈥?The hotel itself is also a disappointment trying to maximize their profits by being cheap in just about any area鈥? Believe them--this is definitely true! Excursions: We did take a day trip with the Bavaro Runners and would recommend this trip. We got to see the countryside, sugar cane fields, rice fields, ride horse on the beach, and the guide was excellent. If you take this trip, I would recommend taking some items to hand out to the children (they recommend you not give money). I took pencils and stickers and wished I had brought more!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Jhoe
<Content>Excellent resort with amazing service. I don't understand how people can criticize this hotel. We had nothing but exceptional service and amazing food. The beach is beautiful and the hotel itself is magnificant. The only draw back is that there isn't a whole lot to do at night. There is a discoteque and a few bars, but not much on resort. Other than that, fantastic vacation spot. Definitely recommended.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Owenjames
<Content>Wow We just got back from the Bahia and cannot stop talking about it!I cannot believe how incredibly clean and lovely this vacation spot is. From the moment we arrived we were in need of nothing. The staff is wonderful the drinks are fine and the food is not bad. No one in our group was sick and there were sixteen of us varying ages. Weall had a great time and I personally did not hear one compliant from anyone inside or outside of our group!People are funny.....I have read so many negative reviews I feel priveldged to be able to travel and have a wonderful time wherever I go. I certainly appreciate the hard work and dedication of the staff.....and tipping is necessary these people work there butts off. We brought all sorts of goodies from home for the cleaning staff and left a little gift bag each day with a tip. As for the bar and restaurant staff we tipped them generously just as we would at home!The resort is huge and I so enjoyed walking around from place to place in the shining sun.Would I go back? You know it!!!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jenpa
<Content>Beautiful resort but 3 out of 6 ended up sick I have used Trip Advisor many times when researching a holiday and decided to post a review of my most recent trip to Punta Cana so that hopefully others can learn from my experience.I travelled with 5 other people, ages 28-62. We stayed in the Golden Club section of the Gran Bahia Principe from January 4th-11th. The resort is huge as mentioned in other reviews but the carts made it very easy to get around. The golden club was great as it was closer to the beach however our room faced the construction that is being done on the Bavaro side. The rooms themselves are beautiful. Huge soaker tub, king size bed, nice sitting area. Only complaint was slamming doors from neighbouring guests. The waves at the beach were awesome! We got boogie boards (with a $20 US deposit) and played in them almost every day. We did notice that a lot of the meat in the buffets is not cooked enough. Beware!!! One person in our group got very sick the second day from eating an undercooked hamburger at the snack bar. Even chicken doesn't seem to be totally cooked. By the fourth day of our trip another person got sick with very bad stomach cramps and by the fifth day yet another in our group was sick with very bad stomach cramps. Not sure what caused this, hard to pinpoint when eating at buffets.Nightly shows aren't really worth watching but we already knew that from past reviews.All in all it was a wonderful holiday but be careful what you eat!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>NoeJoe
<Content>OUTSTANDING!!!!! Just returned from 7 days in HEAVEN!! The resort was beyond our expectations. Bright Beautiful landscaping and the friendliest staff. EXCELLENT nightly entertainment. The variety of food choices is beyond belief. They cater to all. Various members of the staff came to know us by name and would entertain whether at the pool, beach or even some restaurants.GREAT FAMILY RESORT...Our children had a great time, never a dull moment for them which made our vacation even better for us!From dancing lessons to bingo, water games and lot's of laughter!SMILES EVERYWHERE!!!!! From landscapers to maids, waiters, waitresses and hotel admin. staff! I highly recommend this resort to all! They cater to families and to couples!YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!We did not want to come home and we will definetly miss a number of staff members who made our vacation unforgetable!Already looking forward to next time!GRAN BAHIA PRINCIPE DIAMOND CLUB, PUNTA CANA IS BY FAR THE ABSOLUTE BEST!!!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SUPERWOMAN_T.O.
<Content>Gran Bahia - ROCKS I stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana Dec 24-31st 2006, travelling with friends. We are all in our mid 20s. I have travelled to other Caribbean hotspots (Cancun, Varadero, Puerta Plata) and had a wonderful stay here.Let me begin by saying that this hotel is indeed a 5 star resort. The grounds are always clean, food was great, drinks plentiful and staff were unbelievable. Check-in was all done on the bus ride to the hotel and once we got there we had the option of having our luggage delivered to our room while we ate dinner. Room was spacious, clean but lacked good lighting (but I always find this a concern in hotels). We never had any problems with our rooms - no bugs, water was always hot, good clean smell. One thing we learned a few days into our stay was that the air conditioning works only when the balcony door is shut - otherwise it turns off. The first few nights we left the door a tiny bit open and woke up the next morning with tons of mosquito bites - learned our lesson.Trams are great for access among the resort grounds. We were in the Diamond club - we had a great room location being in Villa 34. We could access the lobby and buffets very easily. I guess its just preference where you would rather be, closer to the beach or lobby.A la carte restaurants were good - Japanese sushi was a good try but the teppanaki was quite comparable. We also ate the Italian, Mexican and Garden Grill. Try the calzone at the Italian - was very good. Also - we realized that many people were not aware of the number of restaurants open for lunch - try the Mexican, Seafood, or Italian for a change from the buffets or the beach grill. Speaking of the beach grill - I have found from experience that usually the beach grills are very good - but here it wasn鈥檛 very good - food was repetitive and out for many hours. Oh yes - and if you ever do get a chance to get a chicken sandwich at the Hamburger joint in the Pueblo Principe you will love it - we had it on the first night and never again (they always seemed to run out).Beach was breathtaking - and pools were quite good once you get tired of the beach thing. The main pool can get very crowded and loud - try the Diamond club pools for a nice change - the seated cushions are awesome when getting over a massive hangover.It would be nice if the lobby bars were open longer than 11pm. People usually move to the Pueblo Prinicpe afterwards for the karoke/piano bar, disco and casino. These areas were mainly enjoyed by teens 鈥?its amusing watching them get drunk on tequila鈥entured off to Pacha and Mangu (at the Occidental and Riu) - music is much better (best reggaeton I have ever heard), and crowd is older 鈥?We overall had a great vacation here 鈥?staff were so friendly and approachable. We lost 1 of our room cards and they never charged us. The bar guys at the lobby always poured premium liquor (just tip them). Having read many other reviews on this site, it鈥檚 a shame that people will find so many faults and let the little glitches ruin a vacation. The Gran Bahia is a wonderful resort 鈥?have an open mind and some compassion 鈥?go with the flow and enjoy!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bella950
<Content>Good resort, but wouldn't return My husband and I traveled to the Dominican on a slightly belated honeymoon. I know this review is about the hotel, however, I would like to say a brief note about USA3000. The flight was only 3.5-4 hours, however, we were served a meal, snack, movies, and multiple passes with the drink cart. You don't really see that anymore and I was quite impressed. But, back to the hotel. Rooms:We had upgraded to Golden, which was nice, but don't do it unless you get a really good deal. It did put us closer to the beach, but we never used the seperate pool offered. The perk we really enjoyed was the beach towels which were left in our room daily. When we arrived to our room, it was decorated with balloons, flowers, a bottle of rum on the bed, and a hot bubble bath sprinkled with flowers with a bucket of ice cold beer next to it. It was so much fun and set a nice tone to our trip. The rooms were nice, the bathrooms were very pretty, and our balcony was quite private. Our fridge was kept stocked, we always had fresh flowers left, and often had lovely towel art. We left a $3 tip each day. Beach:The Bahia Principe had the misfortune of having the entire sea's worth of seaweed dump directly in front of the hotel during our trip. You could not even wade through the seaweed it was so thick. All you had to do was walk five minutes in either direction and you could find some beautiful swimming spots. Based of other reviews, this doesn't seem to be the norm, just a freak of nature when we happened to be there. The water was really rough the first couple days we were there, but once it calmed a little, it became that clear, beautiful water you always here about. But please keep in mind this is the Atlantic, not the Caribbean. It is not a peaceful, quiet ocean. The waves were highly entertaining for us, but just be prepared. The market is a 30 minute walk, I would suggest visiting because it was fun to get away from the hotel and mingle. We went about four times, and the last two we took a motor taxi back to the hotel. It was so much fun! We paid $10 for the trips, which we know was a lot, but well worth it! Food:This is our third all inclusive and the food was quite tasty. One thing, don't expect to eat healthy. Everything was covered in cheese, heavy sauce, fried, etc. But you're on vacation, so splurge. So to the point I know a lot of people are curious about. Yes, we did get sick. This is the lesson I have for everyone, anytime you lobster in a seafood mix, don't eat it, it is left over from who knows when. The next time we got it was the night before our departure when we decided to order room service. When it arrived we saw that it was simply the left overs from the lunch buffet. Did we eat it? Of course! And we enjoyed it! But I spent most of the next morning in the bathroom wondering if I would be able to make my flight. Also, I broke a cardinal rule of not eating any raw veggies and spent the next few weeks at home trying to sort my stomach out. Entertainment:I would really have to say don't bother. We made it to the club one night and had to sit through an hour of every horrible 1960-1980s pop song (including Gease) before they finally played salsa, reggaeton, and merengue. Drinks are extra, as in the casino. Also, people are not lying when they say the majority of the resort is full of Canadians. After our third bad encounter with a French Canadian, we began to wonder about our choice of hotel. I must preface this by stating that we love travelling and meeting people from all over the world, and we were excited at the thought of making some friends while we were the there, however, the French Canadians we encountered were so rude to everyone that crossed their paths. We saw fights between them, we saw them being rude to other guests, and we saw them being rude to a quite baffled Dominican simply because he didn't speak French. Again, I hate generalizing like this, but it was a dominant theme of our vacation. My husband is from Belarus and one evening we ran into another couple from Russia and we were so thrilled to experience their kindness. They immediately invited us to join them for a drink and they were just as desperate to have friendly conversation.I know I went on, so here is a summary. Hotel is nice, food is good, ocean is beautiful, and the drinks are strong. Would we return..no. We will most certainly return to the Dominican, but not to the Punta Cana region, at least not without some friends in tow. Would I be scared if I already booked...no. I know I spoke more of the bad then the good, but we really had a lovely vacation. But would I suggest this location to anyone...no.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>EvaMAria
<Content>Great Service We just got back from this great hotel. We had been to the one they have in Mexico so we knew what to expect. We were upgraded to the Club Premier. They had overbooking so they were looking for volunteers to leave the room one day, in exchange you got a free 2 days tour to Saona Island, Altos de Chavon and Santo Domingo all inclusive and staying at a 5 star hotel for that night in Santo Domingo, you also got 200$ in cash per room and free safety box. We signed up for that and it was great. We saved up 340$ in tours (we were going to do the tours paying) and got 200$ extra $ for souvenirs! I think it's a great way to handle an overbooking.The buffets were great and also the a la carte. We only used 3 of the a la carte: the Japanese (great), Las Olas BBQ (very good but buffet style) and the French (very good). The main pool was the busiest and in the afternoon it was full of drunk canadians throwing the lemons in the drinksinto the pool, we didn't like that so in the afternoons we went to the pool at the Premier that was more quiet and people there were better behaved.We loved Bahia Principe, I can't wait to see their new hotel in Jamaica!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>VictoriaTraveller
<Content>The Perfect vacation spot - the best in Bavaro!       fun at the altar  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>London-7
<Content>Good but not great! Just returned from Gran Bahia Principe, Bavaro. Spent 2 weeks over Christmas and New Year.Nice hotel very impressive on arrive, lovely large rooms although we requested a high floor and got a ground floor. Stayed in Diamond Club section.No explaination on check on what the different colour bands mean especially that you may have restrictions. Never mind Spanish speaking staff 90% of the guests were French and we later found out this is a very cheap holiday if you come from Canada unlike if you are coming from the UK.The staff had very poor English which is expected although I do believe the reception and customer services in the Diamond reception to be able to converse clearly, which they could not, if you want international guests unfortunately you need to provide the service.Most importantly if you pay any money absolutely must get a receipt, we paid $96USD in the Diamond Reception and when we went to check out they had no record of it even when we spoke to the lady we paid she conveniently could not remember and we ended up having to pay it again.Irrelevant of your band colour everyone and their uncle uses all of the pools event though they are not supposed to, so I would not bother paying the upgrade.At 11pm everything closes only option is to go to Pueblo Principe, we went there on New Years Eve and there were young guests stealing bottles of Champagne from behind the bar which was unneccessary as the drinks were free but made you wonder what else they might try to steal so we did not go back there again.Italian restaurant for breakfast was ok but dont ask for a cup of tea, it is totally alien to them, they are only ok with coffee and when you finally get yourself understood, even in Spanish, you get a cup of hot water with no milk!.Mexican was very disappointing, I love Mexican, it had no atmosphere at all and only served beef fajitas and I dont eat beef.The beach pools and the beach were like sardines in a can, it was very loud and if clubbing or playing bingo is your thing then you will love it.We stayed at the Diamond/Hacienda pool that was much quieter but is supposed to be for those guests only but all guests were using it. We did the helicopter flight it was excellent and Dolphin Island although you have to be quick to get anywhere near a Dolphin.Dont go to Manaty Park it is awful and if you have young children dont go to Soana Island, it is a very long day and there is no shade on the speed boat and it is very bumpy too.Overall, I would not recommend this hotel based on my personal experience, the resort is too large so if you like the personal touch there is not one, the small buses need to be changed to electric or battery operated as they choke you with fumes if you can stay on long enough. I would rate it as a 4 star and that is being generous  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>BanditAngel
<Content>Phenomenal!       mom and daughter at beach  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nonamesleftochoose
<Content>Beautiful hotel, Good Beach, No Nightlife Travelled to the Bahia Principe from Dec10-17. Beautiful resort, always clean, decent room and nice beach. Plenty of food to choose from for even the picky eater. Try the Japanese restaurant, excellent food. Be careful of the beach BBQ as a dinner option, they were grilling shrimp and chicken(what i though was a chunk of fish) skewers Luckily, i asked what kind of fish he was serving and he told me it was chicken!...i immediately told him that the chicken had to be cooked fully. Other than that no other problems with food. Although it may come as a huge surprise to most people, yes most of the staff only speak Spanish. Most of them are actually born and raised in the DR, a spanish speaking country. With that being said, you should have no trouble communicating with the front desk staff, greeters, waiters and the animacion team as they are fluent in about 5 languages.The only downside to this resort is that there is nothing to do after dinner. Nothing at all. The lobby bars close at 10 to get every to go to the main show. The main show is a joke. I have never really enjoyed any shows at any of the resorts but the shows here are even worse. After the 10 p.m show , you make your way over to the Pueblo Principe. This place has so much potential, huge open square which would make for an excellent outdoor disco, but instead is used to showcase yet another lame show. The shops are overpriced and not much to purchase. The show at the Pueblo Principe is about an hour long, at which point you make your way over to the disco, if you could even call it that. I think about 50 people stayed until 12 and then it emptied out. At which point you could make your way to the casino, if you can call it that.If you are looking for a big, beautiful and clean resort with a decent beach ( I forgot to mention..they have palapas on the beach...awesome!), good rooms and good food then you will definately not be disappointed with the Bahia Principe. If you are expecting any sort of nightlife, do yourself a favour and book somewhere else...you will be disappointed.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	2	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>IowaLuv2travel
<Content>Perfect vacation spot and hotel       Thatch roof airport  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Randola
<Content>Excellent place We loved this resort, it is big and the beds were a little hard but it was great. Every night we looked forward to the a la carte's so much that we returned to a few of them. The entertainment was typical resort which is not of interest to us but we loved the food and the facilities and service. A must stay in the DR!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kiki1963
<Content>Wondering what it was people liked.... We tend to stay in 5-star hotels whenever possible, and thought the Gran Bahia would be acceptable (and this understanding that Carribean hotels are not of the same quality as North American or European properties). Problems were not major, but extremely flagrant considering that this property is marketed as a premium hotel with all amenities. Particuarly irksome was the accumulation of unpleasant things. Not one or two, but a countless number (had a certain number of amenities been impressive, it would have made it easier to accept those things that were more bothersome.)Immediately upon arriving, we found out that a number of little things are not included (of course, if you can afford to stay at the Gran Bahia, the cost is not necessarily an issue - but it is a matter of principle...). First, the hotel safe. $31 USD per week, so there's $62 within 2 minutes of check-in. (This is after having been charged $10 USD each to enter the DR, b/c the airport officials told everyone on our flight that the airline's arrival forms were erroneous - it smelled like a sham, to be quite honest...). Next among the unincluded - drinks that we consider ordinary. Jack Daniels, Tia Maria, Kahlua, Canadian Club. While I can see paying for these at a 2-3 star property, it makes no sense at a 5-star hotel. We're not talking premium alcohol. (While we do not drink per se, the few libations we had were definitely on the yucky side ... meaning the drinks which are included - local alcohol - are far from good value for the price paid...). Other issues, price-wise: if you lose a room key or your little plastic/rubber ID bracelet, you get to pay for the luxury of receiving a new one. (Need I say duh...). Bottom line: management at this hotel comes across as incredibly cheap. (Did I mention that the plastic keys they give out are really old, and need to be changed every 3-4 days or so, b/c they get demagnetized?). This stinginess is also apparent with things like towels, some of them being so old there are actual holes in them (not just worn or threadbare - physical holes.) The hotel itself is also a disappointment. A bunch of issues, in random order: 1) Lobby: vast, but cold. No warm colours, or anything that even hints at cozy. 2) Furniture (wicker chairs and other to sit in, lobby and other areas, including rooms): not one single such piece was comfortable. Thin pillows, so much so that if you sat down too quickly, your butt would hit the undercarriage (yes, ouch...). Just horrible (As an aside, there was little to do on the site, so sitting in the lobby and bar area after dinner would have been an option, but seating was too uncomfortable to remain there for long periods of time...). 3) Outdoor walkways: made of painted cement, which was extremely slippery when wet (it rained for shortish periods every so often, so we did a lot of slipping and sliding). Particularly dangerous for the elderly - we saw a few cases of near-falls, etc. 4) Grounds: no colour, mostly sparse coconut trees and smaller shrubs, all green. The few flowers there were (ordinary, not even as nice as what we plant in our gardens around the house....) were picked every day by the chamber maids, to scatter around the rooms. Workers would also cut the grass with weed-eaters (whipper snippers...), leaving numerous yellow areas where they lost control and cut the grass to the ground...). 5) Reception desk: with the exception of one or two employees, most of the workers at the reception desk were highly blase, quasi-rude. (Cracking a smile would have killed them, it seemed.) 6) Pool: main swimming pool is littered (glasses, plastic bags, etc.) and the water is too murky (maybe not dirty, but bad enough that you see things in a haze...) There are two other smaller pools, but not large enough, and not equipped with enough chairs... and, a good number of existing chairs were broken in the back, so you couldn't raise them to a sitting position. 7) Specialty restaurants: while service was good, the food was more than ordinary. (I should say that the best of the bunch was a restaurant called Le Gourmet). We tried a total of 4, and only finished our meal in Le Gourmet - we barely ate in any of the others, and on one occasion, trekked off to the buffet afterwards, just to grab something before bedtime. (The food at the main buffet, in fact, was oftentimes better than that in the specialty restaurants). 8) Lack of wildlife (all wildlife): while we knew we were not going on a safari, seeing more than 8-10 birds over a 2-week period would have been nice. We saw: 2 pelicans, 3 white birds, 1 osprey, 2 parrots, a few greyish birds... The site is fumigated for bugs, but this obviously chases away some of the local fauna (the fact that there are few trees also doesn't help much, I'm sure...). This was likely one of the most disappointing aspects of our stay, as we felt we could have been anywhere. Nothing on the site made it stand out, fauna-wise, as the DR. (The only roaming animals were caterpillars and on occasion, ants....). 9) Dull, dull, dull: do not go to the DR unless you wish to do nothing. Bird in a gilded (and not that well-gilded, to be truthful) cage syndrome. There is nothing to do. While the hotel does put on nightly shows, they are overly geared to children. (That is the only entertainment). (There is a casino, but that's too funny to even describe - small building, perhaps 20 slot machines and 6 tables..... very shabby-looking and not a spot where one would be motivated to spend an entire evening...). 10) Shopping area: there's a small complex attached to the hotel. Most of the stores offer cheap souvenirs, most of them touting the hotel name (some overpriced, some not). While there is a wonderful jewellery store, Harrisons', which offers magnificent pieces, these are unfortunately priced at about 30%-40% above their market value. (No incentive to purchase there..) In the center of this market area are local stalls where merchants ply their wares. They are - every last one of them - extremely bothersome. Truly. So much so that even though you may want to shop (particularly given that there is nothing else to do at night...), you will leave after 2 minutes. Plus, there is nothing for sale that is unique in any way (cheap bracelets, wooden statuettes that all look the same, etc.). 11) Water: you cannot drink any water from the faucet. Bottled only. This even means you do not swallow - at all - when you brush your teeth. You need to be very careful when eating, as we - as well as everyone we met - battled at least 2 days or more of intense stomach cramps and the ensuing ... you know. (It may have been either washed lettuce, ice cubes, ... anyone's guess...). 12) Food in general: while the food was not bad, everything was pretty much cooked or fried in oil (lots and lots of oil). Steaks and other meats were also fried in (I kid you not) about 4-5 tablespoons of oil, on a huge plaque. Fish was fried (you could see the grease), or accompanied by a sauce. While not on a diet, we were often hard-pressed to find standard fare (ordinary food, baked, grilled, etc.) - of course, given the water/lettuce problem, salads were also out of the question. (To their credit, the food was tasty, and the variety impressive, it was just the sheet volume of grease floating around that made meals pretty difficult). We ended up eating pasta for the last 5-6 days (it was very good, excellent sauces). Aside: other excellent food items included all breads and all desserts (variety and taste truly phenomenal). 13) Rooms: good and bad. The good: quite large, with a sitting area (couch and wicker table set) and bathroom (exceptional, particularly the tub with integrated shower behind a glass partition). Bad: bed was very hard, sheets were thin and just a tad scratchy, and pillows were these small hard squares (we still have sore necks). All furniture was uncomfortable, as mentioned before, and we had truly cheap plastic patio chairs to sit on the balcony (which we didn't do often, as the view was of an empty field and a road leading to a neighbouring hotel). Toilet seat kept moving around, and we had to call a worker twice for lightbulbs, lamp which didn't work, etc. Overall, not enough lighting in the rooms (or not well-placed...). For some reason, doors are not as hermetically sealed as they could be, and noises from closing doors to other rooms (they make a major noise when being shut) is at times constant. The good (albeit limited...). Staff, with the exception of the reception desk, were very friendly. Holas all around. Chambermaid did an excellent job (don't forget to tip her, it makes a difference). Other guests told us barmen were also very jovial - and quick. In general, all restaurant staff were friendly and helpful. Again, tipping them is appreciated (although difficult in this case, as waiters were not necessarily always assigned to any one section, so you could be served by 3-4 people during 1 meal). Clean, pretty much everywhere (restaurants, rooms, etc.). Obviously, no bugs etc. (but that's expected with a 5-star). In general, DR is also a bit of a disappointment. Ocean not as nice as expected. Best way we can sum it up: sanitized site where all you can do is sit outdoors and twiddle your thumbs.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	1	3	3	4	3	

<Author>KayToronto
<Content>Great Hotel I went with a few girlfriends to punta cana and stayed at the club diamond bahia principe (dec 24-jan 1st) inclusive. Our stay was wonderful:Rooms:Beautiful, spacicious, clean and there is NO musty damp smell I usually experienced when staying in resorts like Cuba or Mexico. The bathrooms are large, with a jacuzzi, i didnt want to get out of the shower. We left nice little gifts for our maid daily and it was appreicated: extra towels, extra water, etc. We made sure we had an in-room safe to keep all of our valuables. We had no problems with security and felt safe. My weird expeirence was a maid knocking on our door early at 8am three times and then entering. When i said ola she left! Were they planning on cleaning the rooms this early? Also the other weird part was that the maids seemed to be cleaning the rooms more than once a day. I mean, i understand how cleanliness is huge at this hotel, but I felt odd that they just came and went when they pleased. Please be wary of this ---we experienced no theft or anything, but still....Food: The buffet was large, expansive and impressive. They could easily serve the same food everyday but they had theme nights and you could always find SOMEthing to eat. The service is excellent. We booked four a la cartes right away to ensure availability. All were very good, nice dining experience (mexican food not teh best!). If u are club diamond, nobody told us that you get to eat a la carte at the italian restaurant for lunch everyday. Make sure you dont forget this! We were stuck at the beach grill eating the cold fries and undercooked burgers until we realized. Nightlife:Not much in punta cana--at least not on the resort. The karoke piano bar is quite lame. The casino is small and the disco is more for the younger teenage crowd experiencing tequila and grinding on each other for the first time. I guess that happens when you travel during winter break! We went a few clubs off the resort, which were not bad --mangu club has great music and a good crowd ($10 cab ride and $5 cover with a drink ticket). Drinks are cheap too. Riu disco wasnt bad, not as hype of a crowd.Day Trips:We did the outback safari tour and dolphin tour. Both were very good. Open bar on the back of the safari jeep, and the tour guides speak very good english and show you a good time. Also went to the spa--a bit pricey for 30 mins but very very relaxing and clean services!Overall service:You give people respect, you get it! We enjoyed the service at this hotel, these workers dont get paid much, they work very hard and always are smiling. We made sure to leave behind gifts and tips. Somebody did something right when they built this resort. As for the negative reviews, things are not perfect: but when you make a huge deal out of not getting enough towels on your vacation, lack of english in a country that YOU are a guest in, not enough good wine (this is not naples!) you are obviously not going to have a good time. Cheers.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Oriphus
<Content>Excellent Fortnight in Dominican - Would definitely go back               More photos  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DK-TRIP
<Content>FOOD FOOD AND NO GOOD FOOD I hate reviews to begin with but have to write this. IF YOU LOVE FOOD AND IF THAT IS SOMETHING IMPORTANT TO YOU...PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE...STAY AWAY FROM DOMINICAN R...Second time to DR and same crap...I guess its the OIL they use...The fries, pasta, pizza...even the salad all tastes same.As for the resort, its beautiful..no complaints...very friendly staff.I guess it doesnt matter how well they maintain the grounds or how friendly the staff is....If the food is garbage ..its not worth it.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sjsldhs
<Content>Not what expected After expecting luxury 4*, we had leaking bathrooms, toilets that did not flush - including the public toilets, which were constantly overflowing, no fixtures or fittings in bathrooms, (we had two rooms as we had to change, after a flooding of water on bathroom floor), we were completely disappointed with the accomodation. Overall the rooms, we saw quite a few, are in need of refurbishment, the pictures in the brochure and online are nothing like where you stay, they are grubby. The Entertainment was very repetative, all by some nights embrassing the audience with going on stage doing pathetic games, it was just dancing the same dance to different music everynight. The food, was never hot, never had enough plates, and not enough variety. We were glad to be going home on the 31st Dec as on the 2nd Jan the hotel was 10% overbooked, which was going to be a huge problem. A lot of the guests were already unhappy and were changing hotels. After going to peurto plato in april 06, we have been very put off going back to DR. On a positive note, the pool and beach so close to one another is very nice even though the location is a little remote. In a nutshell, our advice is DONT GO!! Find somewhere else, there are alot of other nice places to go in DP.!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>shirleysmak
<Content>Problems from the start Please beware of this hotel. If this is one of your choices for a resort to Punta Cana, pick another hotel. From day one this place was full of aggravation. Very Important: ASK for a copy of the receipt they ask you to sign at the hotel bars or restaurants. They tried to cheat us when we were checking out on our last day. The front desk reception area are not properly trained, it took us 2 hours to get this charge removed from our bill. We had to actually keep explaining the situation about the bottle of wine, they said we order was not on the receipt when we signed it. We finally kept pushing them to get the waitress we had at the buffet to come out and tell them what happened, and she confirmed that when we signed it there were no charges on the receipt or the bottle of wine. They only got the waitress when we said that this was fraud and illegal what they were doing. They did not even apologize to us when they accused of ordering this bottle of wine this is not the kind of service you expect when you go on vacation. They don't always give you what you pay for. The 3 al carte meals are very deceiving. They tell you have to reserve it at guest services but when you go they don't have any reservations available, they give you a whole song and dance that they don't have enough food and staff. They had no problem taking your money right away. Also, you are only allotted 3 al a carte meals if you stay for the whole 7 days. They fail to tell you that when you check in. The food is much better at the restaurants then the buffet when you could get reservations. The food was just edible, nothing fancy or amazing. There were plenty of empty tables at the restaurant, The Grill near our rooms when we passed by it from 7 pm to 8:15pm when we were told that day it was totally booked. Also, they have a big problem when you ask for extra towels for the room, we had a flood from the ceiling leaking when we first arrived and the repairman used some of our towels to clean it up and they would not give us extra towels. We actually asked the maid next day to give us towels and she said she had to get permission. We got one extra towel the next day and guest services actually called up the room to basically scold us for asking for towels. Who ever heard of a hotel doing that? They made the excuse that they were booked and couldn't give us anymore towels. Believe me, I will never recommend this hotel to anyone. The waiters and waitresses might have been friendly but the upper management could care less about the comfort of their guests. They tell you that you can take up your problems with guest services but the manager, Helena was no help. She just made excuses why things could not be done. Save yourself the annoyances of this resort and book somewhere else where you will be treated with respect and be able to enjoy yourself.The resort may look pretty but there is definitely no substance behind it. I can't believe how unrelaxed I was from this vacation. You expect to get some fun in the sun. There is no reason paying good money to get this kind of treatment.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>BevandJim
<Content>exceptional except for small beds My husband and I with our two daughters stayed at club diamond Gran Bahia Principe Dec.17-31/06. This was our fifth trip to this beach, and the only resort we will return to- under conditions. People with children should be aware that king-sized beds are available only in rooms with one bed and something they call a sofa which is really a hard mattress on a wooden frame. There is no such thing as a pull-out couch or a roll-in cot. We had two double beds and the weird couch. If we wanted a larger bed, we had to pay $140 U.S. per night so our girls could have an added room. No way! We were led to believe that Club Diamond would put us near the beach, but we were closer to the reception and had to use the tram if we wanted to go back to our room for something. The Club Diamond lounge is a large office with too much air-conditioning, a small bar, two computers that are always in use, and the desks for the Club Diamond staff. Who would want to socialize there when on a sun holiday? Unfortunately, we spent hours there for the first four days, trying to get a better room. The head woman was on leave, and MARTIN, her replacement, would not help us. The woman returned on the fourth morning and immediately gave us a room near the beach. Mind you, by this time I had called my travel agent back in Halifax and she had worked hard to help. At least we got a third-floor room near the beach and not a second-floor room overlooking a construction site. Double beds and that weird couch, though. Before we left we collected e-mail addresses and phone numbers from everyone in any position to help with our next trip. Two discoveries: as a repeater we can book our trip and then e-mail the hotel directly to choose our room, which includes an add-on room in the price; there are extra rooms not numbered outside the villa which are kept for dissatisfied people. Our second room was empty for the whole time we were trying to get moved!Now, here are the reasons we will return (with our rooms guaranteed in writing); the food in all the restaurants was great, the complex is clean and new, the staff is well trained and effecient, the children's club has a full-day schedule, all amenities are abve-averege, the pools are numerous- basically, it's a great place.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>soleila
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised, Would Definitely Reccomend! After reading several mixed reviews of the Bahia Principe, we were a little unsure about what to expect, but would whole-heartedly recommend this resort to others. My husband and I stayed at the Bahia Principe with our 3 year old daughter from Dec. 16 - Dec. 23, 2006. Much has been said, here is my 2 cents:Food - is fine. There are no gourmet dining experiences here, but the buffets offer a wide selection and there is certainly something for everyone. We found all of the restaurants, with the exception of the Beach Grill, disappointing. For those of you who enjoy wine with dinner (as we do), prepare to pay between $25 and $35 USD for a decent bottle of table wine, as the wine that is served with dinner is truly un-drinkable.Room - Very large and very clean. Great bathrooms, no problem with AC, nice balcony. We had a king size bed and a smaller sofa-bed in our room, and all were very comfortable. There were bathrobes and slippers in the room, and our maid even brought us extra robes when we asked. The bar fridge was stocked with water and soda daily, and we had turn-down service nightly. We did NOT have any problems with security, and of course had rented the in-room safe for our valuables. We had specifically asked for a second floor room near the beach, and that is what we got.Beach - is beautiful! While some mentioned the water was too rough, we found it depended upon the time of day. The water is warm and beautiful blue, and we never had any difficulty finding lounge chairs either near the water or under shade. The beach bar was great too.Pools - Excellent. They were clean and not too crowded, and again we never had any problem finding chairs. The pools are perfect for kids, since there are specific areas for kids as well as loads of shallow areas. A member of the resort staff brings out monkeys, lizards and parrots for photo opportunities, which our 3 year old thought was great--and we figured it was a compulsory family vacation photo!Shows - One of the highlights of our daughter's day was the nightly kid mini-disco, where they danced and played games. The adult shows that followed, however, were of no interest to any of us. However, the main lobby is lovely and the bar and lounge area there is enormous, and lots of people took advantage of the warm evening air to enjoy an after-dinner drink or coffee with and without kids.Families - This is a great resort for people with kids. There are lots and lots of families, lots and lots of kids. I am not sure that this is a resort for a Honeymoon or a quiet, romantic couple holiday, but for those with children, it is really nice. The staff LOVE children and often chatted with our daughter at dinner or just strolling through the grounds. Service - Many reviewers have commented on the lack of English spoken--I figure if you visit a Spanish speaking country, you expect that most people will only speak Spanish, no? Despite the language barrier, we found everyone that we dealt with from bar staff to maids to bellboys were all very friendly and helpful. We tipped our maid daily and tipped bars for all drinks, which was definitely appreciated and did not seem expected. While we are not the type to stay at the same resort twice, we would definitely recommend this resort to friends with children. While not necessarily a 5 Star resort by North American standards, it is a beautiful, clean and lovely resort, worthy of at least 4 stars in any book.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	1	4	4	

<Author>frecklesgingi
<Content>Loved it!               
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xb0rg
<Content>Very nice stay. Read on for good advice :)               More photos  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>palmtreenut-7
<Content>Paradise We stayed at this resort upon recommendation from business collagues that had visited and were glad that we did. The resort is massive and there is lots of places that you can walk to. Shopping in the Plaza is also on-site. There is also shopping on the beach that is about 25 mins walk.The resort is beautiful and always clean. With the huge size of this resort it did not seem to be busy when really it was. We booked Diamond Club and would recommend paying the extra for the private pool. It is also a wonderful resort if you are planning on taking children. We went on our own and are planning a return trip with our 4 year old daughter. We ate mostly at the a-la cartes and they were all wonderful. The sea bass at the Seafood restaurant was wonderful and I'm picky with fish. We only had one dinner at the main buffet and we were not dissappointed with any of our choices. The only complaint with food is that it is all so good that you eat too much so that you can try it all. Drinks were also plentiful. The staff at the resort are awesome. They all work so hard for very little pay and are always smiling. We adored Jose in the pool bar and also at the Lobby bar at night. He always makes you feel special and makes extra efforts to ensure that you are happy. Nelson also does amazing bottle shows in the lobby at night.Rooms are out of this world and are all marble. This resort also has the most comfortable beds from any of the resorts that we have stayed at.The beaches were the best. White sands and beautiful blue water for as far as you can see.We went on one tour - The Caribbean Festival. It was great. There is a show and then snorkling at the reef. The guide took us away from the others and gave us some food to feed the fish. They swam right to us and he also took our underwater camera and took a lot of amazing pictures for us and of us together snorkling. We would never have had those pictures without him. Sailing to the shark tank was a little scary as it is a pen in the middle of the ocean and you swim to it and climb in with the sharks and sting rays. A few people declined but I figured I was there and I would regret it later if I didn't so off I went. It was amazing. The cruise back was also memorable as the staff put on an amazing show and they encouraged every one to participate.I would totally recommend this resort and are planning to return again in a few months.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nobo_17
<Content>Certified 5 Star This was my first time to the carribean and i was by no means dissapointed by what the Bahia Principe had to offer. The facilities were out of this world, clean and very well maintained. There was an abundant choice of different foods for breakfast, lunch and dinner and plenty to go round. I found the staff extermely friendly and helpful and would like to say a very big thanks to our maid who looked after us well. I happened to check out a few over resorts along the coast and have no hesitation in saying i definately made the right choice.We flew out on the 29th November which i would recommend to anyone wanting things a little quieter before the season starts, the second week so a lot more holiday makers turning and the resort got quite busy. If you've never been to the Dominican Republic befrore and are hesitant i would highly recommend this resort.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>veb
<Content>excellent customer focust hotel Arrived at the b/p punta cana on 14/12/06, travelling with my partner and our two teenage boys, unsure weither we had connecting rooms or not, because the hotel could'nt confirm this until we arrived(still wonder why not) but fortunatly we had one. our sons room did smell very musty but didn't want to be moved incase we were not connected, the hotel is absolutly immaculate, gadens and interiors,although i did spot cockroaches one night, were the chef was making pasta dishes, also a rat was chased from the restaurant on christmas eve by julio the catering manager, we were not happy with the waiter in the gourmet restaurant who was very very rude, i think his name was hanibel or somthing similar, we actually left the restaurant before eating, julio could not apologise enough and made reservations at the garden grill, which in our opinion was the best one ,for service and food, japanese excellent, italian ok mexican not the best,i was worried about the weather because the fore cast did say showers and cloudy every day, don't worry the weather was very hot with the odd shower, my only complaints would be one, the lobby bar closes down at 11pm on the dot which is too early as it is a lovely relaxing place to sit and have a chat a take in the atmosphere, you have to finish you drink quickly or it is poured into a plastic glass(not very 5 star) then the only other area is the market square which is not to every bodies taste, many holiday makers agreed with us on this point. two, there isn't really any wherw near the pool areas to have a coffee, and no icecreams for the children, but i would still reccomend this hotel the customer srevice was excellent  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>karly1919
<Content>Bahia Principe Punta Cana AMAZING!!!!! My brother and i stayed at Bahia Principe Punta Cana for 2 weeks. I am 25 my brother is 23 and we absolutely loved it. The staff were incredible and the resort was beautiful. The only negative thing about the entire trip were the ignorant tourists. For the most part people were great but there were a few that had no respect at all being in another country. No not everyone needs to speak english maybe you need to learn some spanish! If you do not know any Spanish you will still enjoy your stay but understand you are in a spanish speaking country and they understand more english than we probably understand spanish. All of the staff that we encountered tried there hardest and if they still had trouble found a co worker that could help them. If you leave a small tip everyday they are more than greatful. My brother and i did not think it was necessary to pay for the safe as we left money video camera laptop , jewelery etc. I guess if you treat the staff with respect there are no worries. Anything you would like to give to them leave a note with your name and room number as they are all searched periodically and value their jobs. This was an amazing vacation and i would recomend it to anyone. Families , couples or singles will love it! There is something for everyone. Ignore the bad reviews as there are always unhappy people. Cheers enjoy your trip!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KKglos
<Content>We loved Bahia Principe Punta Cana! Date 30/12/06 location: Gloucestershire ENGLANDWe have just got back 2 days ago from our holiday at Gran Bahia Principe punta cana. we went for 2 weeks all inclusive. age group:me and my partner in our 20's with my mum and dad in their 40's.Im sorry this review is so long but i wanted to fill you in on everything!!!We had a brilliant holiday! Best resort complex i have ever been to. The complex itself is absoultley huge! we couldnt believe how big the site was. they actually run 4 little open car trains which run around the whole site - theres one at each bus stop every 5 - 10 mins. these were brilliant and just what was needed! at the top end was the reception lobby with the bar and seating area, the main buffett is also here and the theatre. the main pool area which is situated next to the beach is the other end and all you do is just jump on the bus and it loops round to wherever you want to jump off! the alacarte resteraunts, the hotel rooms and other pools are situated all in between the lobby and the beach. on day 3 we were still finding more! we found a big market square, with shops and an outdoor theatre there was also another bar with karaoke and we also found the internet cafe! i have never seen a hotel complex with so much to do, we thought that with 2 weeks we may run out of things to do and be bored but we never did there was so much to do and visit. the days we spent on the beach, my boyfriend and dad tried out some of the watersports that were included (free) they had the kyak boats out which they loved and did this most days. tip - you do need to go down to the hut in the morning to book them for a certain time as they are usually in use. they also loved the body boards - they did have a few more of these so i dont think you had to book them. but for the bodyboards you had to pay 20 dollars as a deposit for the board but you get it back when its returned. there were other things included like windsurfing and sail boats but we didnt try this. the whole complex grounds were kept lovely - so clean and tidy and well kept - beautiful. a tip for the sun beds, for the beach and the pool, they are taken by lunch time but we worked out what was going on - the trick is before you go to brekkie 7 or 8 am go and reserve your spot with your towell - if there is a towell on it no one will touch it. it means its taken. beware that if you do take it off say to dry yourself and you do not put it back on - your sunbed will be gone!!as for the money we were told to get dollars and then change them to peso's but when we got there we were told by our rep to keep the dollars as everyone used them so we did and it was fine. As you probably already know they do reply on tips there and the pay is poor. we tipped alot as we felt they deserved it - but also sometimes we felt they expected it. in the buffet resteraunt, we never tipped for breakfast or lunch but always tipped for evening meals, try and get a load of 1 dollar notes for tips. we left roughly 2 or 3 dollars for our waiter in the evening, depending on how nice and helpful they were. sometimes more if they thought they made an extra effort. in the ala carte resteraunts we left about 5. this is not really alot - works out about 拢2.50. we found out that there pay is really poor - they work 12 hour shifts for 2 weeks and get 3 days off then 2 weeks and 3 days off! and they all live on site. and for this they get about 拢150 a month! so any tips they get they are so grateful. we tipped the maid too - we did this every other day and left bout 3 dollars. she was brilliant and the room was beautifful every day. she made it look like a honey moon suite! she would make hearts and swans out of towels with fresh picked flowers all around them - she would also put flowers and petals round the bathroom and it was wonderful - we felt so pampered! we have never been to a 5 star hotel before but we really noticed the 5 star extras! and we loved it! theres no going back now!! ha ha! the way all the staff treated you was excellent and i felt it a bit over whelming at first! they cant do enought for you. we got friendly with the bar staff. ( we also tipped these as you sit down in the gardens and they run up and down to the bar for you with your drinks we would always tip them as they were excellent.)The food was great - we had read a few reviews which had put down the food - but i have no idea why! the buffet resteraunt was excellent - there is so much choice! always something to choose from - my mum has a special diet where she cant have wheat gluten etc and we thought she might not eat well! but we were wrong every dat there was always something for her to eat and we all pigged out!!! we did go to the ala carte resteraunts - we went to mexican, seafood, french gormet, steakhouse and japenease, the 2 i was not looking forward to which was seafood and french actually turned out to be the best!!! the japenese was not really our taste but each to their own! overall we ate very well!!! the market was good but they do jump on you a bit - i didnt mind it as i understood the situation - they not going to ignore you - they want you to look at their store so they need to get your attention. i didnt mind and got my souvenires from them - do not pay what they ask...always barter!! put it this way - a ring i wanted with the domincan stone they wanted 55 dollars - and we walked away with it for 10 dollars which was our 拢5! so they do try it on - only pay what you want for it and dont give in! if you go to walk they call you back and its yours! im afraid to say the people in the shop wernt as helpful in the lobby shop and also the shops that surround the market. they are nice enough but are not as desperate to sell anything and it shows. take it with a pinch of salt. we went on 2 days trips booked through our rep - excellent - we went to saona island - this was lovely they take you to a carribbean beach where you have a bbq on the beach and you get there by speed boat which was an experience!! the only thing that put it down for me was the coach trip was long and to be honest im not a great passenger! we had a small bus pick us up from the hotel then met up at a point where we all got on a coach and then took us to where the boats were. a long day but was worth it. the second trip was excellent - carribbean festival, this is where you spend and afternoon on a cataraman boat and they stop at 2 points - the first one you can get off and snorkel with all the fish and they supply all the equipment and it was great. the 2nd stop you swim with sharks and stingrays! dont worry not as scary as it sounds the sting rays have their barb cut off and the sharks have no teeth - even still i opted out of this one and stayed on the boat with a cocktail in one hand and the camcorder in the other filming the others. lots of entertainment on the boat and only 30 mins coach trip. the trips were great and breaks thre 2 weeks up. we also got dvds from the trip which are on offer. the weather on our holiday was great so hot and sunny we did have some rain on a couple of days but only last 5 mins and its so different to england as the sun is still shining at the same time!! we all just got under one of the palm tree brolleys unitl it had gone. overall we really enjoyed our holiday and i would definatly go back to this hotel!!! i would reccomend this hotel to anyone... and if anyone is going here soon - i am very very jealous!!! have a great time! you lucky things!!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ilene
<Content>For Beach Lovers Only My husband and I stayed at the Gran Bahia from Dec. 23 -28, 2006. First time to Punta Cana and first AI experience. We're 36 and 39, from New England and have been to the Carribean before (Bahamas, Jamaica, Grand Cayman).The Good:The Beach -- soft white sand, warm water, perfect rolling waves.Cleanliness of resort -- common areas cleaned constantlyStaff -- happy, eager to please, especially Laura in Sales (trip planning) and housekeeping (fun towel designs).Weather -- warm, low 80's, sunny, breezy everyday.Convenience --- short ride from airport; everything you need right at resort; no need to carry money with AI.Clientele -- families, adults, polite and friendly.Free Upgrade to Diamond Club -- better room location, closer to beach.Beautiful Pools.Late check-out option ($10 per hour).Aerobics on the beach.The Disappointing --Airport -- forced photos (for a fee); $20 per person entrance tax after customs; being followed by musicians looking for tips; being mobbed by men who want to help with luggage for tips.Check-in -- Went to Bavaro side of resort, Shuttled to Punta Cana side, given a room on the Bavaro side (go figure). Told you take care of me, I take care of you before given a room assignment. Room keys did not work; had to get new keys.The Room -- very basic. Never did get our shower drain fixed. No ocean view. Maid entered without knocking. One 4 inch cockroach -- killed by brave maid.Diamond Club -- never received the perks I found out about later -- beach towels, t-shirts, bottle of rum, or fruit basket.Food -- plentiful, but mediocre and boring. Very difficult getting reservations to ala carte restaurants. Having to be careful with food selections -- husband got turista on second to last day. Casino -- tiny, tiny, tiny and unexcitingThe Bottom Line --Overall, go if you love the Beach amd are looking for pure relaxation in a family friendly environment -- you will not be disappointed. Don't go expecting luxury or great food. Don't expect the Ritz, or even the Westin or Marriott. This is a 5 star resort in a poor country; the staff takes pride in the resort and tries very hard to please. The common areas are very pretty and well-kept. Go with the flow; try to speak Spanish as it makes things much easier; and just relax.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>wtwhouse
<Content>Poor food and no personal service The room was lovely, available chairs in a crowded time. Food was very poor. Two rooms out of five in our party had money taken and upon complaint, got no feedback.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>SNOOPY'STRIPS
<Content>How Grand it Was !!!!       This is Room Servie - thanks staff  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>KJWVancouver
<Content>Great Hotel - all expectations were met! My husband and I spent two weeks at the Bahia Principe for our honeymoon. We were never disappointed by the service of the hotel staff. The staff works very hard to make sure the resort is always clean and presentable. The housekeeping staff speaks very little English; however, we found that the bartenders, wait staff in the restaurants, and front desk spoke enough English to communicate effectively. I've read a lot of complaints on this website about the staff not speaking very little English if at all. What the heck do you expect?!? You're in a foreign country whose primary language is Spanish. With a little patience and effort on your part, the staff will make every effort to make sure your needs are met.We were staying in the Diamond/Hacienda level of the resort. The difference between the Golden and the Diamond Clubs is that you don't have room service in the Diamond Club and for an extra $30.00/night for this convenience, I'm not too sure if it is worth it. We had turn down service, when requested we had robes and slippers, beach towel exchange in our room every night, access to a private pool (the Golden Club doesn鈥檛' t have their own designated pool), and private check in and out at the Diamond Club Room that has internet access, where you make your a la carte reservations etc... One more thing, you also have four a la carte restaurant choices for one week stay and six for the two week stay. The bonus to the Diamond is that we were situated right in the middle of the resort so it was equidistant between the beach and the hotel lobby where the buffet is located. As for the food, the buffet was okay, it was palatable; make sure you go to the grill chef to make your morning eggs. The a la carte restaurants were better, except for the Japanese Restaurant and my advice is not to have the lobster at the Seafood restaurant, you'll be disappointed. Other than that, the French, Grill and Italian were great. One BIG hint regarding the a la carte restaurants, even though you may only a set number of a la cartes, call into your club lobby and see if there are any cancellations for any of the restaurants, they'll fit you in. Even though we were designated for only six a la carte for our two week stay, we ended up having eight nights at the a la carte option.My husband and I went on four excursions during our stay 1) horseback riding, which is worth the money, especially if you have experience riding horses. We are veterans at riding so the guide took us galloping in the water while the rest of the pack, who were less experienced, were with another guide walking and some trotting. The guides will set you up with a horse that will meet your experience level. This excursion is about 1.5 hours in length.2). Helicopter ride, this is expensive, however, for us, it was a treat and the pilot took us up and down the coast line, which was beautiful, for a half hour. I don't know if I would do it again, however, it was a good experience.3). Scuba diving/snorkeling at Catalina Island, this is actually booked through Scuba Caribe, if you're looking at the water, they are to the right of the resort at the very end of the resort limits. This is worth the day excursion, a two hour bus ride there and back, however, apparently the diving is good and I enjoyed the snorkeling, a lot of colourful fish. This coral reef is not to the same degree as the coral reef in Akumal Mexico in the Mayan Riviera so you may be a bit disappointed.4). Caribbean Festival - a half day excursion, snorkeling with sting rays (they've had their stingers removed) and nurse sharks - this was an interesting excursion - don't know if I would do it again though. The boat trip was fun, a lot of Dominican dancing on the way back in their costumes.As for the resort itself, you won't be disappointed, the rooms are large and really nice - all the rooms, no matter what level you're at - are the same; the food is good, some better than others, the beach is really nice, the sand never gets hot and you can always find a lounge chair HINT: if you want to be right by the water you need to get your towel out there on the chair no later than 9:00am; and the people are really friendly. All in all you'll get more bang for your buck staying at this resort - also, book through Flight Centre, you may get a discount too.Enjoy your stay!!Karen, Vancouver, British Columbia.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>2dollargeorge
<Content>Principe is Grand After reading some of the reviews of Punta Cana in general, we were a little concerned about the food and drinks and rooms. Spent the first week in December at the resort. Rest assured, this place can please everyone. We love Mexico and stay at a Palace Resorts, which is building one in Punta Cana. The food is a step above at the Adventura Spa Palace but you can't go wrong with the buffets at the Principe. As mentioned the speciality restaurants are up and down. We didn't like the Italian and opted to leave early and head to a buffet. The others that we ate at were fine. Beach area was wonderful despite being a bit wavy. Total sand and warm. The local selling goods on the beach were no problem at all. Just a polite no and they didn't bother you. The transportation is quite dependable throughout the resort. We stayed at the Premier and it was the furthest area from the beach and we had no problem getting to the sand via the tram. The staff was wonderful. The bar guys are super and always smiling and love to great you. Just remember, you need your room key or a folded drink coaster in the slot for the AC to stay on while you are gone. I would not have kept the AC on but my wife, well you know. No such thing as mold or bad smells. Rooms were extremely clean and they do have shampoo etc. for you to use. I don't know how we got such a great deal through BookIt.com. I definitely check back with their website often to see if a good deal pops up for a return visit. By all means, don't hesitate to visit this resort. Restaurants, swimup bars, lobby drinks, staff are all tops. Enjoy!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>JADMontreal
<Content>Great trip, but food was poor Just got back from a week at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana. We had a fantastic vacation, most beautiful beach (nicer than Cuba  Mayan Riviera), although it is a very large resort, there are lots of lawn chairs, bars, restaurants and other accomodations for everyone. Our only negative comment was with regards to the food, restaurants were acceptable, but the food at the buffets was often cold (ie. cold scrambled eggs, cold chicken, burgers etc.) Your best bet is to wait for one of the chefs to cook you something fresh at their specialty grill (ie. omlette, pasta, steak). The house wine is not palatable, so we drank beer most of the week with dinner, and ordered a bottle of wine from an a la carte list which we paid for. Make your restaurant reservations as soon as you get there to ensure there is room. SPanish coffees in the lobby were a bonus! Cheers!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>piratesofdaCaribbean
<Content>excellent vacation destination I have read 2 reviews with misinformation. Both were from people booked in Club Golden. We were upgraded to Club Diamond and we also had 4 a la carte reservations, same as Golden. We ate Mexican, French, Garden Grill, and Italian. We had a private pool in the centre of the resort, free bottle of rum, towels, and also a private breakfast/lunch buffet. I think the confusion is that the Club Golden may not realize there is another upgrade besides their exclusive section, which is in my opinion too far away from everything, or they are not informed of the other similar upgrade. The resort makes the Club Golden seem exclusive but in reality it is exclusive in location only. We were in unit 30 close to our own pool and restaurant. The only extra Golden would have above this is the free bathrobes. As for the seperate check in, ours was all of 2 minutes. We flew with Sunwing and had a free glass of champagne, choice of 2 hot meals, movie and even warm towels to freshen up. Please when writing a review check your facts. Club Golden is not that exclusive  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Sunshine000
<Content>Excellent Resort       part of the bathroom  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Cyntella
<Content>5 stars all the way!!!       Diamond pool  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JP&Helen
<Content>Amazing!!!!!!       Towel Art  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NorthBayMurf
<Content>crapped out in the DR Firstly, My wife and I are well traveled we have traveled all over the world and extensively within the DR. I will go back to the DR again, but never to this resort. I will attempt to make this review short. If I were to have written this review after only four days it would have been a five star rating. However, as I plan a trip every year to celebrate my wedding anniversary, my fist of two points is really a little bit of a personal whining. As I stated before we have traveled a lot, so I know the importance of booking restaurants early, having said that I book our anniversary dinner almost immediately upon arrival. Then when it came time for my bride and my special dinner, they couldn't find our reservations but seated us anyway. I must say before going any further, the restaurant was the French restaurant and it was only half full. Anyway, after 10 or 15 minutes the manager called me aside and loudly told us to leave the restaurant right now and that we didn't have a reservation. To make this story short, I freaked out a little ok maybe a lot, went to guest services and everything was solved. We got into another restaurant and they treated us very well.If that were the only thing that happened, I would never have considered anything less than a five star rating. However, cleanliness is very important to me as it is I am sure for most people. Two days before we were to depart, my wife and I spent the day by the pool. Unfortunately this young boy I'm going to say about 10 years old had a case of the runs and ended up having an accident in the pool. To make matters worse, he ended up panicking a little bit and went in front of our building trying to clean himself off and ending up leaving a large amount of fececes beside the entrance to our building. Then later his older sister around twenty something told him to jump in the pool and give himself a good cleaning which he did on three separate occasions. Later this poor child had another accident, at this time his mother took him to the poolside public showers and cleaned him, leave behind well you can guess and it wasn't pretty. This child is not the issue, either is his families lack of common decency. The issue I have with this is quite simply this pool should have been shut down and cleaned properly. Throughout this whole scenario I contacted no less than five different staff members trying to have something done, friend we had met also did the same. It wasn't until I got very loud about this those three management flunkies showed up, looked and then disappeared.For hours we were warning everyone who approached the pool not to go in it, this included all ages from infants all the way up, the only people that didn't seem to mind they were sitting in a pool full of well you know, were the ones at the bar. Having seen no results after all this time from Management, I went to speak to the resort manager only to be told by his assistant that he would not see me, to go away and that I should speak with guest services. Ok this I did and guest services made phone calls, gave me all the right answers and in fact told me that some hygiene organization was going to come out and clean everything, I was satisfied by this but I didn't believe it.Well let me tell you I was right, when we left a couple days later there was still feces at the entrance to our building and at the public showers too.In my eyes Management failed their employers, employees and mostly the guests. Because of their lack of concern for the publics鈥?health, I left questioning what else in this beautiful resort was unsanitary and unhealthy. It is because of this, the resort in my eyes is only a two maybe a three star.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>4D Travel
<Content>Fantastic Place The Bahia Principe Punta Cana is a fantastic resort.The Air Transat Golden Club Section is closer to thebeach and therefore further from reception and some restaurants; but all locations are very nice if you don't mind a short walk to the people-movers..Only negaives I could find:- gaz fumes from the inter-resort people movers- room bar not filled 2 of 14 days- no swan towels on the bed (I'm searching deep)- no response to a balcony light after 4 requests- As a Travel Agent, it took 4 requests before I could getjust a price list from the wedding coordinator ...3 weddings a day there on average.- Air Transat priority checkin means you get your room keyson the bus ... we were the last ones to get shuttled to our roomin the pouring rain.Everything else gets very positive marks. Resort is large with the Mirror image Bahia Principe Bavaro on the other side. This is the Sunquest side. There is construction going on right next to their Diamond Section.Their Premier section is way too far from everything.Shuttle buses are right there when you need them, exceptat peak periods (such as supper) , but waits are relatively short.We chose to walk most times.Rooms are large, clean and well maintained (except for lightbulbs) Don't step on floor w/ bare feet after their dailywash, as it can burn.Pools are large, especially the beach one, and nice ajoiningkids pools.Beach is beautiful w/ a visible shipwreck about 600 yardsoffshore. There is seaweed in spots. Cleaning crews seem todo a better job here, than say at the RIUS next door.14 restaurants on site (10 of which are open to all).The Buffet restaurant is excellent. Great for breakfast with theiromelette bars. Theme nights are also very good.Ice and fruit sculptures daily. Large variety of everything.While there, had steak (ok), pork (good), chicken (very good),lamb (good), turkey (good), shrimp (very good), lobster tails(so-so), and delicious rabbit. Plenty of fish, salads, fresh fruit and always 2 soups (all were very good). Now for the All La Cartes - well let's just say they're all very good.Filet Mignon very good at the Goumet and French (identical menus) - very good Mexican - Pescador was ok if you like fish.Didn't try the Japanese or Grill or Italian. They say the Italian is just as good at the Buffet. The beach and pool restaurants offered usually one pasta, hamburgers (not great), hot dogs (not great); a nice variety of fruits and salads. You can grill your own ham  cheese at the Pool one, and the beach one has a bit more variety.These are lunch restaurants.Entertainment at the amphitheatre was unimpressive.Enjoyed the piano bars more, especially Jose in the Bavaro reception area. Pueblo Principe entertainment was unimpressive(begins at 11PM for 1 hr). Activities group appeared to be wellliked. Gardeners - housekeepers all quite friendly if you say Hola!All and All I was very impressed with this resort. Certainly they break the customary rule that Dominican food is bad.Met a tourist who said that the worst meal he had at the Bahia Principe was better than the best at the Rius, Palladium and Sirenis. Visted the Gran Occidental, Melia Caribe, Majestic, Rius, Iberostar and Ocean Blue while there; and they all seemed quite nice. The Riu Palaces are impressive. The New Majestic though may be the only able to offer true ocean views.If Barcelo can renovate the Breezes, that would be nice as well.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	-1	4	3	

<Author>wild00rose
<Content>A Wonderful Resort GRAN BRAHIA PRINCIPEWe left for Punta Cana Dec 13 out of edmonton.....Concerning this resort I have no real complaints. As I read in recent reviews there is difinitely a lang barrier if you do not speak spanish, but there is always someone around that does speak english. I was travelling with my husband and step son age 14. We wanted to upgrade so we were closer to the beach. We asked when we checked in, the were unable to accomodate as hotel was at capa city...ok...so we wanted a late check out as check out is at noon and our flight didnt leave until 6 pm, clerk said that we would have to come back the day before we left to do that...so we did....again unable to accomodate as people would be checking in at 3 pm.....so again I wasnt happy ....but on the other hand the location of our room was perfect Block 35.....the only thing we needed the tram for was the beach.....everything else was a 5 min walk. Restraunts---We only went to two Italian and French....both were very good and service excellent. Buffet ---lots of food to choose from......I person wouldnt starve. Every night the food is different. Spanish Monday Amercian Tues etc..Housekeeping--Our room was clean and nice...first morning left a note for maid and tip asking for additional towels and pillows as there were three of us....tip taken and no extra pillows or towels...I called down to front desk and they were delivered immediately.Pools- Three large pools that everyone can use, one for the upgraded travellers. Two swim up bars, there are usually enough chairs but if you want a cabana you have to get there earlier as they are taken fastBeach-- The beach is very large lots of chairs but again if you want a cabana get out there early. The water is warm but fairly murky....not nearly as nice as the beaches is Cuba but still goregous.Trips: Only took one trip...Saona Island...This island is breathtaking...a must see. Beware as in the trip info it says that you can go snorkling but no gear is provided so if you want to snorkle take you own gear. For the elderly or overweight it is a task to get in and out of speed boat. The trip was definately worthwhile.Just a few tips..you dont need a blow dryer one is provided, if you want to buy rum and cigars either get them at the Hotel or go to the factory..not much to choose from at the airport and a mickey is 14.00 us...if you want to upgrade or get a late checkout do that with your agent before you leave, dont forget your 20 per person to pay at the airport to come home,take some bug spray there are mostiqos didnt see many but got lots of bites, 30 pesos is 1 american dollar appx.Overall I would recommend this hotel lots of activities throughout the day to keep young and old busy and entertained, though for the single party type travellers this may not be the hotel for you as most activities are done by midnight......We will use the resort again when it is time to head back to the Dominican....  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mermaid08
<Content>An Amazing Week at the Bahia Principe!       Bavaro lobby statue  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Alskkk
<Content>Just Perfect. My boyfriend and I stayed for 10 great nights at the GBP. Last year we went to Mexico and got cought up in Hurricane Wilma. It was a dreadful experince, and i have to say going back to the Carribean was both on our minds prior to going. Once there, we had a ball. Fantastic resort. The food was excellent. In my opinion the Japonese and French were by far the best, and the worst was the Mexican. Service by all staff was excellent, they would whip the plates from under you just to clear things and have them tidy!. Everything was spotless. Its a very poor country, but i have to say that they are the happiest people around. It certainly makes your holiday to see so many happy people around you. I would have liked to venture out a bit more, but it wasn;t all that safe and we were advised against doing so. We had to leave a little early in the end. Nothing to do with the hotel, there was a death in my family. The Mytravel rep was useless in helping....thank god for internet access!!...i look back very fondly on the hotel and would certainly recommend it as a place to go to. An after thought goes to one of the trips we went on. The horse riding on the beach at sunset. Dont go!!...the boys running this were blind drunk the day we went. My boyfriend was never horse riding before and one of them took the rains off him and went off galloping...i dont know how the poor lad stayed on!...i was laughing my head off but he says he will never get on a horse again so just be careful if you are thinking of this one!!.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>agustas
<Content>Bahia Principe perfect we stayed on the Bavaro side of the Bahia. This resort ranks right up with any resort we have stayed at including Sandals Negril.Food is plentiful and presented beautifully and deliciousRooms are spacious and so cleanpools are sparkling beach is breath taking with lots of loungerspeople are friendly and helpful and seem genuinely happy.added bonus: we brought our laptop and were able to purchase service directly to our room for very little per day so we were able to conduct our business sitting in our room and at the pool.Did not do any excursions but will when we return in Feb/07Cannot wait!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ruby322
<Content>Great for kids.... My husband  I (along with daugters age 3 and 1 1/2) stayed at th Gran Bahia Principe from Nov 30 - Dec 7. Resort - it is huge but not a real issue since the trams run so frequently. A lot of places, other than beach and pool, to sit and lounge.Rooms- Big and very clean. We upgraded to Club Golden and it was well worth it. Were very close to beach and pool. Staff working in our Villa were awesome. So nice and great with the kids. We tipped daily and never had to ask twice for anything. Mini fridge was stocked with plenty of extra bottles of water since they warn you to not even brush your teeth with the tap water!Beach - Gorgeous and always plenty of loungers available. Waves were a bit rough the first couple of days but we still managed to have a lot of fun.Pool- great kiddie pools but found that the water in kiddie pool at the main pool was very murky a few days into our trip. We went to another pool and found out that they actually ended up closing off the main kiddie pool! Loungers at the pool a little harder to come by so have to get to the pool early!Food - travelling with young kids I thought I would have a problem but there is such a huge variety that this was not an issue for us. We along with our kids always found something we liked. Nothing like the fresh juices and fruit! The buffets were good. Mexican and Italian restaurants were absolutely fantasitic! Japanese was alright but they definitely get an A for effort!Entertainment - Mini disco for kids was a lot of fun. Although repetitive for the adults, the kids loved it. A lot of singing and dancing with a fun game at the end. This is something our older daughter looked forward to each night.Overall we had a great time and no major complaints. Great resort with great staff. Definitely a good place to go if you have kids.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RetiredOnTheBeach
<Content>Better than I expected       Reception  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Hateinlaws
<Content>Incredible!!       Amazing Bartenders!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	-1	5	4	

<Author>Wind-sea-mix
<Content>Stayed Dec 4- 11, Montreal Canada - Just returned from 1 week stayed at the Bahia Principe Bavaro.This is two hotels side by side (bavaro and Punta Cana) with the sames services (restaurant, tennis, water sport, pools,...).It is a great place deserving it 5* rating. if you go to a lower rating hotel, you will find that the beach buffet are poor and there is less variety in the main buffet. The bahia Principe Bavaro have lots of healty food, so you can eat well all week.Water sports are similar as other hotel in the area as they are provided by another contractor called Scuba Caribe. They charged an insurance fee of 5$/day or 20$/week and requires a 20$ deposit for body boards. That was my first experience with such a practice. Their equipment is not is such a good shape, so you are better to take the insurance as you don't know when it is going to break, even when handeled properly. I find out that many tourist take advantage if this insurance by breaking the equipment because they do not know how to use and don't want to pay for courses.Rooms are great, confortable and clean.The site is humongus, this is sad because it takes a long time to come and go from one activity to the other (beach to pool, pool to tennis, tennis to mini-club, mini-club to buffet and so on). So you do need to take the mini-bus that runs all day on the facility.Night life and show, well it is not my game, so I cant tell. I prefer reading at dusk and go for a jogg in the morning. The gym is great and I was supprised by the number of people that used it in the week. In conclusion, great place for a vacation, all services are good, but plannd fro 15 minutes to go from one activity to the other.There is a highway in construction in Punta Cana, so expect the place to be even more crowded in a couples of year. In fact I beleive that there is a third section of the bahia Principe in construction, just aside the Bavaro section, so expect the beack to be full pack in 2-3 years.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ktkaboom
<Content>BEAUTIFUL WEDDING  We travelled with group of 24 from Toronto Ontario for our Wedding. We booked in March for November 17-24. We chose the Club Diamond upgrade package, and it was well worth it. The age of our group ranged from 19-65ish. I was a little upset with our travel agent because she failed to tell me that Skyservice didn't have a closet on the plane, so I had to fold my traditional wedding dress in half and put it in above storage. Don't worry brides I hung it up in my parents room and the wrinkles were gone in two days. Flight - We flew sardine-quest oops I mean Skyservice, out of Toronto at 3:30pm and arrived in punta cana at 8-8:30. It is an ok flight if you are seated in row 1, 12 or 13 leg room for taller people (6-foot). The food on the plane was ok, it's airplane food right. When we got to the Punta Cana airport we had no problems with anybody's luggage. We had no problems with a language barrier whatsoever. We were directed to our bus with no problems.Bus Ride To Hotel - When we got on the bus the Club Diamond guests received their check-in packages and our bracelets were put on. When the ladies were all done checking us in on the bus we arrived at the Hotel. Hotel - We got off the bus at 10 pm and were greeted by dancers and given our welcome drink. Our luggage was loaded onto carts and the driver took our room number and off we went. Each room the driver carried our luggage into our rooms and carried on. TIP - if you tip the driver a 5 dollar bill he brings you back a 12 pack of beer.Rooms - SO Clean!!!!!! Big Bathroom. King Bed, Mini Fridge etc. Our group wasn't in the same building but very close by. So big and tons of room. Bathroom is beautiful. All I have to say is wow!!!!!Because the buffet closed at 10:30 some went and got something to eat and some went to their rooms and dropped off their stuff. We all met up in the market where there was a late night grill that had french fries, burgers, tuna sandwich. It was a small menu but it was food.The resort is HUGE!!!! Take the trams and you cannot get lost. Because we got there at night it was a little hard the first night but the next day we were ok.Information Session - Is a must gives you all the info you need. We had a seperate area Club Diamond where we dealt with our room safes, a la cartes etc. also where we got 20 mintues of internet daily for free. Jose the bartender was awesome!!!Excursions - Monster Truck - Not sure $ - Full Day See the country, visit school, meet a voodoo Dr.Saona Island - $80 US each - Full Day - 3 hour bus ride. Speed Boat to sand bar, Snorkel and drink, Speed boat to island drink, eat, dance, soak up the sun etc. Resort beach is nicer and cleaner. Catamaran back to bus 3 hours back. Long Long Long Day!!! Do not recommend to anyone over 40 no docks to board boats. YIKES!!! Very hard for larger people. 4 Runners - $55 each if you share one $80 each if you ride single. Half day excursion. 30 mintue bus ride. Ride through country side. You get muddy if you want some puddles you cannot avoid. Stop at beach with cliff view. It's so beautiful. nice tripSpeed Boats?Caribbean Festival - $74 each Full day - 45 minute bus ride. Fun ride. Speed Boat to large catamaran. Best trip of all of them. Enjoy entertainment. First stop reef enjoy snorkelling with tons of fish on a beautiful reef. Second stop swim with nurse sharks, and sting rays!!!! Wow what an experience.(for someone terrified of all ocean life) Then you party all the way home.Beach sports included - boogie boards, kayaks, catamarans $20 deposit. Parasailing $80 two people. diving etcWedding - WOW!!!!!!!! We received a bottle of rum and a fruit basket and a bottle of sparkling wine, already in our room. It was perfect thanks to Mariana and Janet. Brides get a hold of them before you go. They need your t-shirt size (gifts you get). Plus on your last day you get two more t-shirts and another bottle of rum. Get the Photographer he is amazing. We got 300 pics on a CD plus 55 prints for $600US. They advertise the DVD for $220 for 60 minutes. You get 20 minutes of your wedding and the rest is history of Dominican. Beach Wedding $1400 US for all the flowers (5 bridesmaids and Bride) ( 7 ushers) Tropical is so beautiful. When you pick the flowers they don't match the pictures they show you to a tee. Don't worry the flowers are awesome. It rained so it was a bit delayed but it cleared for the ceremony. The Trio was so cool. Very relaxed ceremony. The judge speaks in spanish then either Mariana or Janet translates to english really all you have to say is I do Dinner we chose the Italian and dinner was perfect, and private, we ate outside.We also hired a DJ so we could dance after and it was worth it. If there are any problems make sure you get Mariana's cell and she'll fix it. Wedding Night - Rose pedals in the tub, more sparkling wine. Pictures and DVD were ready the next day at the FOTO shop.All in all we wouldn't change anything about our trip to the Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro! We all had an amazing time with lots to do, places to go etc. We will be returning to this resort in a heart beat. Enjoy this 5 star resort it is worth every penny!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>djtomes
<Content>Loved this hotel We went to Gran Bahia with another couple, all of us in our mid to late 20's from November 29 - December 6th. We had an amazing time, and in my view this hotel is worthy of the 5 star rating for a tropical destination in a developing Country. To begin, a couple of weeks before our vacation to Punta Cana we were not having the best time with our Travel Agent and the Company that packaged our trip. But once we arrived in Punta Cana all of this was forgotten. Our Flight from Calgary was delayed for about 2 hours while we sat on the plane to take off, we had a stop over in Puerto Plata which was unexpected or at least we were never told there was one. Anyways when we got off the plane we very tried and hungry since plane food is never the best. When we arrived at our hotel from the crazy bus drive which was actually quite fun, we were greeted with a welcome drink and a cool face towel. We went up to the check-in desk and to our surprise we were upgrade to the Club Premier Gran Bahia, which we were told was the VIP section of the hotel. This was great, although this section was located at the very front of the resort, not close to the beach at all. The room was huge and we had a fruit basket and a bottle of rum waiting for us. In this section we did have our own lobby, pool, buffet and an extra ala carte restaurant (4 in total). We were supposed to have slippers and bath robes which we did request but never received, but we weren't going to complain since we were upgraded for free. The private pool was very beautiful, but you have to be up no later then 10am to reserve a lounge chair for the day.The 3 buffets were good, we got to go to all the buffets since we were in the Club Premier section of the resort. I heard from other people there was only one per section that was designated to the Punta Cana or Bavaro side of the resort. We also got to try 4 ala carte restaurants so we picked Mexican, French, Italian and Garden Grill. All were good but I think the French and Garden Grill were my favorite, excellent corn chowder at the Garden Grill. There was one girl in the Mexican restaurant when we were dinning that totally freaked out on the waiter since there was nothing on the menu she liked. He was our waiter too so we tipped him $10 since we felt so bad for him. Just something to keep in mind down there, beef in the Dominican is not comparable to Canadian or American beef but we did find one snack bar in our section of the hotel that had amazing beef skewers.The ocean was by far the cleanest from all the other resorts around us, the weather was unusually windy for the first 4 days of our trip but it made huge waves which were awesome to play in. We walked down to the vendors at the end of the beach about a 20 - 25 minute walk to get there, you could get better prices for items then at the square on the resort. We went on 2 excursions, one was the ATV tours which was great, I really think this is an excursion for the men. I still had a blast though. And we went on the Outback Safari, our tour guide Alex was amazing, very entertaining and knew everything about the Dominican and the people. This is a drinking tour and some things that he talked about were not for small children's ears. But again an amazing tours if you want to get the real Dominican feel. We did book the speed boat and snorkeling tour but it was cancelled since the weather was so windy, a disappointment but still it gave us one more day to relax at the ocean.This resort was extremely clean, everyone I saw that worked for the hotel was always cleaning. Dusting, polishing, sweeping, cleaning the ashtrays or scrubbing the roads. The staff were extremely friendly and they even helped us learn some Spanish during our stay. Some of the bartenders remember who you are and what you drink which I thought was pretty amazing considering the amount of people that are there. Unfortunately the hotel does basically shut down at 11pm where all the bars and lobby's close and then you have to go to Pueblo Principe. The nightly entertainment was not the best at Pueblo Principe and it was hard to keep track of what was open and closed to get drinks or food at. This would be my only compliant about this resort, not much to do past 11pm. One place I would recommend to everyone is the night;y show that starts at 9:45 in the main theatre, their shows there were very good and the Michael Jackson shows was am absolute must see.All in all I loved this resort and would recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ECoaster
<Content>Fantastic Vacation and Wedding       From our rooms  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Marijoy
<Content>Great place to relax and enjoy Bahia Principe is a beautiful hotel that is so clean and well run.The service is exceptional. The beach is very relaxing and beautiful. The pools are lovely to swim in being very large, clean, and numerous. Food is very bountiful and always available. Weather is fantastic. I would recommend it as a good place to relax and unwind.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Britty1976
<Content>Fantastic Resort!       The pool closest to the beach. Beautiful!!!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>happy4er
<Content>The dream....       room service breakfast  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>meatlovers
<Content>Adquate Stayed at the Baja Principe over the Thanksgiving Holidays. The resort and the staff were very good but some things need to be looked at. I upgraded to Golden to get closer to the beach and more reservations at the theme resturants. Since the resort is so spread out you need to walk or ride the trams either to go to the beach or to the resturants - so no need to get close to the beach. Also, upon trying to reservations to the themed resturants I could only get one to the steak house at 9:15 four days later - could not really use the feature. Food was fair at best and the variety was poorer. I was charged $28.00 for use of the in room safe. They also advertise the mini-bar in the room but if you use it and want more than the norm the is an additional charge. The exclusive reception and check in is no big deal because you naturally go to the main desk where they route you to a different area and you have to walk there leaving your luggage at the main desk - eaiser to check in at the main desk.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	4	2	

<Author>2moms
<Content>A Great Canadian Holiday!       Rafael on jungle safari  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pinchy_79
<Content>Another Wonderful Week in paradise Just got back from my second stay at the Gran Bahia Principe. It was a fantastic time again as i had expected. Was dissapointed all the good service staff we met last year were no longer there but the new staff was just as friendly and made our trip just as enjoyable. This year I went on the ATV tour.. It was a blast and i'd recommend it as it lets you see the local's as they live as you drive through the towns and it's fun to just drive down the trails and get soaked. Be kind to Johan and the crew at the pool bar they're great and they also work the theatre bar at night..Everyone at the resort seems to work long hours but they are always smiling and kind. Learning a little spanish or even just trying to learn some will make your time here more fun and enjoyable.The food was great always a large selection at the buffet's if you can't find something your too picky of a eater. The Japanese restauraunt was good The Italian better but the Grill (steakhouse) was the best and i highly recommend it. Don't be a shy and get up and join in the dancing and water aerobics just enjoy the time, the animation staff are fun and you might surprise yourself how much fun your having doing these activities.The resort is not really for hard core partiers rather just a very nice place to relax and enjoy the nice climate, the grounds are immaculate..no bugs were around this time of year (end Nov) and the weather was great .. one day of heavy rain, the rest was all sunny with a nice breeze. Hope this helps youDan  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Wellieboot
<Content>Fantastic Value       Sonar Island  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>karukera
<Content>Grate time My sister and I, haved a grate time on this big and beautiful hotel.We stayed in a standard room, very clean and lovely.The principal buffet and the snack at the pool were not very good but all the other restaurant was ok.But the best was an afternoon at the spa, we enjoyed it...  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>smileyme
<Content>wonderful people beautiful beach We had heard so many mixed things about the DR. Some good and some bad. Well I can say this about the Grand Bahia Pricipe we had an amazing time. The weather was great, the people were friendly and what an amaizing beach. We are going back in April to get married.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jsbutler
<Content>paradise found!               
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>FamilyGuy-CT
<Content>Nice Resort. Kids club was disappointing. We are a family of four including two boys aged 7 and 3. We had a very nice time at this resort last week.To quickly reiterate the plus points - Resort is huge, beautiful and well maintained. Rooms are large. Powerful air conditioning. Very nice beach. Very nice pools. Four buses/shuttles are constantly running and are a huge plus given the distance from the beach to the lobby. Very friendly and helpful staff. The buffet had a large selection and was generally good. But, after reading all the raves here, I was a little disappointed. Just remember - quality is difficult with about 1000 guests per meal ! The fish dishes were very good. My wife is vegetarian and she had limited choice. Even dishes which could be vegetarian (soups, rice dishes, etc.) usually had meat broth/sauce/pieces in them. The cooks also did not seem to have an appreciation for cooking with separate utensils on the grill. Luckily my wife is not picky, but some of the vegetarians may want to consider this carefully. The restaurants were good. The decor was nice. Service was good. But, the food choice was limited. The japanese food was what is called Hibachi style (atleast here in the US) - and was mediocre.One thing that disappointed us was the kids club. We reached it at 10am (starts at 9am) and there were just two kids there playing video games. The staff just sat around looking bored. The pools were well designed for kids but none of them had a pool slide. My kids had a good time in the pools and on the beach since they play with each other, but parents hoping to involve them in group activities may want to consider other resorts. One exception - little kids enjoyed disco at 8:30pm.During our stay, the crowd was mainly canadian (about 50%) with spanish/french/ british making up most of the rest. Very few americans.You can get by with english. Most of the staff speak atleast 3 languages. But, sometimes they baffle you. One server at the restaurant could not understand water ! We learned a few common spanish phrases and always eventually did manage to communicate (exaggerated gestures help!) but when you are having a perfect afternoon, a difficult session can be irritating. Just consider this before you choose a 5 star DR resort.Overall, we had a wonderful time. Usually, when we visit a new country, we try to get some local history and culture. This time, we never left the resort for the week (i am not counting the beach walk and snorkel trip) and completely insulated ourselves. We enjoyed it and wished that we could have stayed a few more days.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>HUCOMP
<Content>Slightly Disappointed       Main lobby  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Debs731
<Content>Will Most Definetly Return Spent Nov. 13th-20th at the Bahia. We were celebrating my husbands 50th Birthday. Very relaxed atmosphere. I would recommend getting a palapa (hut) early in the morning you will need shade at some point in the day extremley hot. Water is beautiful turquise but salty the sand is soft and fine. We upgraded to the golden club was well worth the few extra dollars. We had the best of both worlds at this resort. It is very large, our villa was both close to the beach and the tram was right out in front of the villa we were in #23. The A la Carte resturants we ate at were Gormet, Italian, Garden Grill and Japanese. Felt rushed at the Japanese the others were all good. Garden Grill was our favorite. Didn't find the lanugage barrier to be much of a hinderance most of the staff is multi-lingual. We met mostly French speaking as well as English speaking Canadians. The rooms were very clean and the mini bar stocked everyday. They need to install internet service in the rooms but , then again that 's what your suppose to be getting away from Right!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	1	

<Author>hamishh14
<Content>Place Was Fantastic It was our first trip to the DR, it was a great place to stay. Had the Golden Package. It was worth the little extra paid. The place was VERY clean. I was very impressed with that..The buffet was good and varied in selection daily. The Garden Grill and Italian restaurants were very good, the seafood and mexican restaurants just plain sucked. food was terrible and bland.Service (especially at the bars) was exceptional and the staff went out of their way to be helpful. Language was a challenge with some of the staff but they found an english speaking staff member to play translator.Beach and pool area was good but get there early as all the good lounge chairs were gone by 10 - 10:30. Don't pack a lot of clothes as beachwear is the is the common dress for the majority of the day. Men need long pants and the women tend to dress up a little for dinner.I would recommend this hotel wholeheartedly and am looking forward to returning there again soon.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Steep_n_deep
<Content>Great resort, great times ***** AWESOME *****       Airshot of the resort  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>VOOV
<Content>Worthy of a review       Diamond club pool  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>firefighterchic
<Content>Please Stop Complaining!!!!!!! If this place can't make you happy STAY HOME!!!!! I have been to Punta cana befor stayed at the Super Club Breezes, Cuba for the last 12 years, and Jamanica.Every thing was great good food, beach, pool and great people. Went with Sunquest so we were Dianond Club. Great service, great job guy's. No shortage with staff there everywhere and alway's busy. Don't listen to the reviews regarding the food. It's great and I noticed lots of hand washing. This place is spotless!!!!!!! We just arrived home thursday November 17th.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>smashingvixen
<Content>Great Food and Beautiful Place! Overall, they were very well organized and food and drinks were great. Service was not bad. They did their best in my opinion.Horse back riding excursion was something to remember...Swim-up bars were small but fun. Too bad they were closed so early. However, they can improve on few things.. Their night entertainment at the resort can get boring very fast. Japanese restaurant was terrible. The place itself looks beautiful from outside but the food did not taste good at all. Nothing like sushi in Vancouver, B.C!Resort vendors might bother you..LOL'Hey amigos!' and then they'll try to sell you everything they can...Must try their cocktails made with rum and their coffee!!Out of this world......  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	3	2	3	

<Author>4015100
<Content>My best vacation ever... We stayed at the Bahia Principe, Punta Cana from Nov. 6th and returned on 13th. Totally a great vacation.The hotel is massive and very organized, I must say. The shuttle bus service is really convenient and is needed.Plenty of great restaurants to eat all over ...I have never been to a resort before (in 10 years) where you have a choice to have buffet breakfast and lunch at 5-6 restaurants.. amazing...Food lovers paradise is what this resort is...Beach and the several pools are very clean extremely well maintained.. The overall service is superb.I highly recommend this resort as I have been to atleast 10 others.Sunny.Mississauga  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>patcroz
<Content>Loved Punta Cana! Just returned from the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana....it was absolutely awesome....one of the best holidays we have ever had staying in an all inclusive resort! Definitely a five star hotel...great staff, great hotel, great services, great food and wonderful beach! If you are looking for a holiday where there is little else to do but relax....Punta Cana is the place to go!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jrea90
<Content>Absolute PARADISE Absolutely the best place I've been. Beach, Pool, Rooms, Staff, Food all A++++++++++++  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lauzon
<Content>The greatest vacation ever       Beach Bar  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sheffieldcrew
<Content>brilliant holidays We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe from the 16th of Octber 2006, there were 17 of us in total, 5 families. We had read reviews before we travelled and had a few reservations about the hotel. On our return I would recommend the hotel to anyone. The staff are very friendly and cannot do enough for you, excellent food and a first class choice of restaurants, we enjoyed the Garden Grill restaurant for very good steaks.The only setback about the hotel would be that there was not enough for children over 10 years to do at night, although a few dollars was spent on the pool tables!!We travelled with a 2 year old and I would recommend the hotel to anyone with children of this age, my daughter loved the mini disco with childrens entertainer nightly in the main theater from 8 pm.The pools are all very good and we never struggled to get beds at any time.The beach was the tropical paradise that you expect from the Caribbean, there were daily activites aerobics etc.This is the first all inclusive resort in the Caribbean that we have done but it will not be our last, I would highly recommend Bahia resorts to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>parnisha
<Content>Great experience with a few minor complaints Overall, my wife and I were very happy with our stay at this hotel. The pluses definitely outweigh the minuses and here they are:What I liked:- the service in this hotel is 5 star in restaurants and buffet- the beach is amazing, white sand, clear water, pleasant breeze- plenty of beatiful AND topless women on the premises- huge, clean suite with good AC- resort was spotless, cleaned all the time- good selection of food in restaurants and buffet- French and Seafood restaurants get an A- for taste and presentation - large pools with convenient access What I disliked: ( I tried to fill in more details for the minuses )- 50% of the shows are boring- nightlife and dancing at Pueblo Principe and Disco start EXTREMELY late, at 11:45PM. If you don't like the only show running from 9:45PM - 11PM you are stuck since there is no other nightlife activities at this time. This is especially sad, since half of the hotel seemed like a young crowd ready to party, instead of being stuck watching the pathetic shows...- all drinks after 11PM, including the Publo Principe and Disco drinks are apperently not included, and the Hotel does NOT warn you about it. I saw a bunch of unpleasantly surprised individuals confronted with bills during the nightlife outings, so beware!- huge size of the resort, it took me 15 minutes to get to the gym!- the meat in the buffet was consistently unchewable. The only good meat I enjoyed was the lamb during the Dominican night. Japanese restaurant gets an A for presentation and a C for taste and variety.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gremlin22
<Content>Just what we needed... Well, long story, I booked 2 weeks at the Bahia for me and my boyfriend. Situations changed, and I took one of my (girl) friends instead. We went from 4 Oct for 2 weeks. Booked with First Choice. Flight there we were sitting behind eachother directly next to toilets, not happy as i booked it a year in advance! Advice you to pay an extra 拢10 to sit togther, my friend is petrified of flying, made it worse!The hotel was wonderful, elegant, gave drinks on arrival, and a welcome dance (all very staged, but thoughtful all the same) amazing reception, you and luggage carted off to your accomodation. We were round the corner, block 12, next to first pool and garden grill restaurant. Take a spanish phrase book, as this will help, luckily I speak Spanish so we were fine. The weather was glorious, apart from 2 days and 2 evenings of torential thunderstorms, the works. ever night there are amazing lightening forks in the sky in October, even when it's pleasant.Buffet was great, went there most times for breakfast, lunch, dinner, as so much to choose from. Booked up at Garden Grill, this was ok, not good for my veggie friend though. We loved Japanese, they cook it in front of you. Did'nt think much of the Italian either, we just loved the buffets! There a few around, the one on the beach/far pool is good for a snack in afternoon, paella there was yum. Beautiful beach, 10 minute brisk walk from our room, but regular trams to take you there. Yeah there's seaweed...but it's the sea funny enough, just float and don't tread in it, they did make an effort to clear it every morning. The shipwreck is a good photo opportunity! Pools were great, most days found loungers with brollies for shade. You need atleast factor 30 cream for the first week, even our eyelids and scalps burnt.We went on the Sanoa Island trip (amazing) the beach is gorgeous, like a postcard, so clear, our coach broke down in Higuey, a really poor part which was quite funny, got another one within 25 minutes. Horseriding at el pat ranch was the best, galloping along the beach, cannot beat it. Outback safari is a must to see how people live. If you take some packs of pens pencils, sweets, wait until you get higher into the mountains to reach the real poor children, or give them to the tour guide who will give them.The one night we were sick, was because we drank 7 tequila sunrises each one night and 6 mama juana (local drink) So it was totally self inflicted. tried to drink 2 litres of water a day. The rooms were spotless, had one teeny cockroach the last night, we did not tip the maid until the day we left, when we left her a nice little package, and the fridge was always stocked. The air con was freezing, we hardly ever had it on! coming from England, we like to feel the warm!Advise you take US dollars, Dominican pesos are so confusing, i still have no idea! Everything is priced in dollare anyway. the entertainment was bad apart from the Michael jackson tribute night, which was really good, and wait until the end for heal the world and it is hysterical.This is a very relaxing hotel, geared towards couples for sure. there's a wedding chapel, and we saw many weddings take place. We got hassled every where we went being two blonde 22 year old girls, the men do go on and on, which my friend did'nt like, but I have been to egypt/Turkey, and it's much worse there. Don't come here if you want wild nights out, there's a disco, open midnight til 2 (hardly worth it) It's a place to be lazy, with a few action packed trips to stimulate you really. People want to do whatever they can to make you happy, which is the same in all of the all inclusive resorts I have visited around the world. I don't have a bad thing to say about the place. the only bad thing was the rep did'nt have a clue most of the time, and messed up a few of our trips.If you want to be pampered, relax, then I definately reccommend this resort, it is pretty big though, so if you don't like excercise don't go! Enjoy!Any questions, feel free to email me:amyleighfoster@hotmail.com  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>rainyWA
<Content>fair stay at Bahia We returned from a 7 day stay at Bahia Principe on Oct 28. Many of the comments from previous guest are very accurate. I'll start with the positives. The resort is beautiful and huge (the tram makes it easy to get around). The beach is gorgeous with wonderful fluffy sand and warm clear water. The grounds are kept clean. The pools are a great change from the salt water and there are many of them to choose from. There are plenty of palapas at the beach and the pools. The drinks are good and plenty of them. The Coco Loco and Banana Mamma were our favorites from the Lobby Bar. We were in Diamond club so we went to the Italian Rest. for lunch daily. The Japanese restaraunt and the steak grill were really good for the a la carte dinners. Negatives:Our room stunk like must and humidity. It really smelled terrible. The cleaners moped with bleach one day but it still stank and we werent able to change rooms. I have washed all my laundry 2x and the smell is still in all my clothing.The food was typical buffet/all inclusive fare, fairly greasy, not always the temp. it should be. The individual restaraunts were better. However, this is pretty typical of the previous 3 all inclusives we have stayed at in the past.Some thing that I ate made me very ill for 2 days. I had a fever and felt naseaus and was unable to go too far from the washroom. From talking to other guests many others fell ill the same days that I did. I assume it was something I ate.The worst part of our stay was having belongings stolen the day before we were to leave. We had tipped the maid daily and were fairly pleased with our room cleanliness. The items taken were an MP3 player and headphones, a new bottle of Lacoste cologne, digital sport watch and a $10 bill from my backpack. I highly reccomend you use the safe for EVERYTHING you can fit in there. These items were not excessively expensive but they are a hassle to replace and they add up. We reported it to the resort and they were only able to offer us spa services and 1 hour prior to our departure we werent interested. In my opinion they could have done more to compensate us or to resolve the problem. Apparently this is relatively common as well.The shows were terrible but that also is pretty common with all inclusives. I agree with the previous post about the thongs.Our neighbors had a problem with bugs and mosquitos in there room, try not to have a room near the pond.It is true most of the staff dont speak english. However you are in a Spanish speaking country. If you ask respectfully if they can speak English most of them can a bit. When we were there most of the guests were also Spanish speaking.Overall we had a fair time at the Bahia, however I highly doubt we will return there nor will we reccomend it to others.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>rafael_lopes
<Content>Amazing hotel in the middle of nowhere. Sun, leisure, fun and a lot of food. My wife and I have stayed at this fantastic hotel 1 week, and we didn't go out of the hotel on single day. The hotel has greats swimming pools, excellent restaurants (make reservations at the first day), the room is very good, but with no luxury and as a little of bad smell of mildew of the humidity.The restaurant, the bars and the extra activity don't look like to be an all inclusive hotel.Watch out your call, they bill US$ 2 / minute and with no report.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Spring280
<Content>Loved it but came back with Salmonella Well, I thought I would add our experience as there is a bit of a mixed bag from people that were there at the same time as us. We were at the Gran Bahia from October 9 - 23. Just a bit about us first, I was 20 weeks pregnant, and travelled with my husband and 2 1/2 year old son. Lots of people have talked about the features of the resort so I won't really go into those, other than to say we really loved it. We booked Club Golden and had a great room down in villa 23, right by the mexican restaurant and near the beach and pool and if we strained really hard when looking out balcony we could see the sea! I'll cover things that I've seen people complain about and add our experience...Firstly Club Golden, did we think it was worth it. I'd say yes. The room was great, clean and well stocked. We were very close to the pool which meant It meant that when the rain came (which it did a fair bit in the second week), we could quickly get back to our room. It was nice having the additional nights in the ala carte restaurants as we were staying for 14 nights the variety was welcome. We did also use the internet access a few times and when we had a leak in our room, after the heaviest rain I have ever experienced so I don't blame them, we were able to call the Golden Express line and they sent someone immediately to sort it out for us.The staff - the staff were all fantastic, we didn't have one nasty or negative thing to say about them. I really believe it is a case of you get what you give with people and if you treat people well, then they will do the same for you. People we spoke to that did have problems more often did seem to occassionally bring it on themselves. We did also regularly tip both the maid and in the restaurants. We also left messages for the maid for the drinks we wanted the minibar stocked with (pretty much beer and diet coke most days), with a couple of dollars and without fail it was well stocked.The restaurants - we did find most of the restaurants quite good. I must admit I relied a lot of pizza, salad, ham  cheese toasties and pasta in the buffets, but being pregnant I wasn't feeling particularly adventurous. The food wasn't always very hot, but this is quite often the case with buffets. We ate in every restaurant on the complex and our favourites were the Grill and the Mexican. The French was good and it was nice to have a formal dining experience, the Italian was ok, but we found one day was significantly better than another so seemed dependent on the chef, the sushi was lovely in the japanese but not so good for our 2 1/2 year old and it would have been nice if they could have offered a child friendly option. Also, if anyone can't find anything on the menu in the mexican, grill and seafood restaurant you can just get the buffets in there and they were GREAT, lovely salads and different enough from the main buffet to be interesting.The pools - We tried both pools and they did have quite different atmospheres. The middle pool had music playing and was a bit more 'fun'. It was dirtier though than the main pool near the beach. But was nice as it was all in one with the swim up bar, toddler pool and jacuzzi. All the pools had fantastic toddler pools and large shallow areas next to them for younger children. Our son spent about 5 hours a day pottering around and had the time of his life. He also really enjoyed the bubbles - the cold water jacuzzis. For that reason alone this resort got a thumbs up from me. The main pool was actually split into two pools, one with the swim up bar and the other with the kids pool and also where water polo was played every afternoon. As far as activities were concerned I did water aerobics a few times but you didn't really know where they were as the activity board did not appear to state which pool the activities were being held at. I know everyone says this, but the resort was kept amazingly clean. I've never seen anything like it, the floors were buffed, the brass cleaned, the walls wiped down every day. Amazing.Language - For those that complain about the lack of english spoken, I say get a grip you are in a foreign country, I'm afraid I have little time for this complaint. If you do run into problems you will find that the staff on the front desk speak english well and are more than likely very happy to help. Also take an english / spanish dictionary as that will help.Rain - Hmmm, it did rain quite a bit, but the sun shone quite a bit as well. It was also warm enough that if you wanted to swim in the rain you could and it would usually pass quite quickly. There was one thunderstorm though that was AMAZING and the loudest thunder I've ever heard in my life, but by 7 o'clock it had passed and we had a clear night. (BTW, all the rooms have umbrellas for guest to use when they are outside - very handy)Finally sickness - we did unfortunately meet quite a few people that had been very ill while on holiday and two of them had to go to hospital due to severe dehydration, one poor little boy had a very high fever and severe diarrhea. I'm mentioning this because ultimately the hotel does have a duty of care in food hygiene and unfortunately I think this hotel has a problem in this area. We gave ourselves a pat on the back on our last day for having escaped without any major problems other than slight on and off diarrhea (which I would expect in a place like the Dominican Republic anyway). But on our return to the UK I got quite a severe case of it and had some tests run and it was discovered that I had Salmonella. I was lucky in that it wasn't a severe case (particularly being pregnant), but given the number of people that fell ill during our stay I suspect there was a contaminated area that was reinfecting the food and therefore people. All in all I think the Gran Bahia is a great resort and we would go back again as I think the sickness problem is something that can be addressed and I'm sure will be, but if anyone is going to be travelling there in the immediate future I would recommend taking some care.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lisa1012938
<Content>A Week In Paradise!       beach  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pitoune_en_vacance
<Content>Wanted to leave 2 days after getting here Well, I am staying at the Bahia Principe right now, I am leaving not tomorrow but the day after. Ive been counting the days.They say when you dont have anything good to say, dont say anything, so I wont say anything.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>Toronto_Gal22
<Content>Best Vacation by far! I stayed at the Bahia Principe Oct 14-21 2006. I went with my boyfriend and our two friends all of us in our 20's and our second time to Dominican (the first time I went to La Romana... which I DON'T recommend). I must say this was the best vacation and the best resort by far that I have been to. I am a Travel Agent in Toronto and I was amazed by the service, the food, the rooms, especially the beach. I wouldn't say it was completely full, as there are about 1500 rooms run by different sections and different tour operators. Theres the Primier Club, Diamond, and Gold Club. All of which have their own check in's and own reception area.The night we arrived our flight was late due to a lizard being onboard the aircraft, (go figure!) and by the time we got there it was pretty late but to my amazement when we boarded the bus at the airport we had our check in package all ready for us with maps, bracelets, room keys etc so we didn't have to stand in line for hours while everybody checks in. We were taken right to our room by the concierge. We payed for Diamond accomodation but I requested to be closer to the beach so we had shared accomodation with Diamond/Gold villa. Heres a bit of a discription about everything:Resort: The resort is HUGE... so be prepared to either do lots of walking from the front to the back, or hop on the little trams that take you back and forth. Its European style only 2 years old.... so the rooms are 3 floor villas... very nicely painted. Lots of palm trees and always always clean. Since we went in Oct, there were mostly couples and families... and because its a 5* resort... you won't get party life like you would in Cancun.Beach: very wide, white sand... turquoise water. LOTS of loungers so you don't have to go out early and save one. There were many palapas (huts for shade) that were available but those you should try to grab one earlier if you want some shade. The sand was very fine, and the water had next to no seaweed except when there was a storm but the employees cleaned it right up. You can walk way down the beach and check out the other resorts but the beach isn't nearly as good as ours was. The water was semi deep, you couldn't walk out too far before you had to tred water. Theres a ship wreck directly infront of the resort which made the scenery kind of cool to look at. Keep in mind there were many Europeans at the resort so there was alot of topless woman.Pool: There were 2 pools, both of which are pretty big, lots of space to swim, both have swim up bars, and lots of loungers so you can bake in the sun during the afternoon. The temperature was very nice and refreshing. Food: The food was outstanding!!! I have never eaten so much in my life! There was everything you could think of to eat. Traditional Dominican Foods as well as Americanized food as well. I was never starving for food, and I was always full and excited for the next meal. There is a main Buffet, a snack bar at the beach and 5 or 6 a la carte restaurants. We were able to choose 4 a la cartes for the week and we chose Steakhouse, Mexican, Seafood and Italian. All were amazing, some better then others my favorite was the Mexican... i LOVED the pico de gallo!! I recommend to bring some immodium with you. You never know what can happen or what your body won't like and better safe than sorry because it can ruin your vacation somewhat! Entertainment: We only watched some of the entertainment shows at night... Ifound them pretty mediocre but they put in alot of effort which made it really good. The one thing I would probably complain about would be that I didn't see too many activities going on during the day. Every day they had water aerobics and Bingo, but thats all I really saw. The other thing would be for them to switch up there music a bit.... they seemed to only have about 4 or 5 dance songs that they repeatedly played throughout the day. THey have an entertainment complex for the nighttime called Pueblo Principe, where they have dance shows and the disco, and casino... thats the big hangout during the eveningtime. THe disco is pretty big and they play good music but one night it was so loud my ears started to hurt alot.... and i've been to many clubs but thats never happened. But it was still so much fun... Dominicans have so much fun and love to dance!Shopping: Theres a little market in Pueblo Principe where they have some vendors and some stores, and they are all open until midnight I think. There aren't many vendors on the beach but if you walk down a fair distance theres many vendors and they are waiting for you!! People: Everybody is so friendly and great!!! Although they don't speak too much english you can still communicate. Don't listen to anybody who complains they can't speak english because you aren't in an english speaking country so what the hell do you expect!!! If you want people to speak english then stay home. They appreciate when you make an effort and try to speak in spanish.Room: The rooms were always kept very clean and tidy. They were very big with a king size bed or 2 twins, there was a little table where you could sit at, a couch, lots of closet and drawer space. The bathrooms were pretty big with a jacuzzi tub, and the shower was amazing... very good water pressure. Housekeeping always kept lots of water in the fridge for you. Unless you are in the Gold club, theres no such thing as oceanview rooms... but the view of the garden etc is nice. The beds were very comfortable... never had a problem with bugs, or theft.. even when we accidentally left our suitcase open with our money and passports just sitting in the open... and the maid had come in for the nightly turndown. So I was impressed with that.All in all, the whole trip was a very relaxing fun week. I would definately go back the next chance I get. As a Travel Agent I would have absolutely no problem having this resort being the first recommendation in Punta Cana. I can't complain about anything other than that one comment about the music... and it wasn't even that big of a deal. It it way way worth the money you spend to get there.... definately a 5*+ resort thats for sure. I had a huge Bahia Principe Vacation hangover the week following the trip.. thats how good it was. Definately a great experience!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yautsun
<Content>Got sick and went to hospital, missed my flight home... Like the title says I did not have a good stay. My girlfriend and I planned a 7 day vacation but stayed 10 days in punta cana as I will shortly explainEverything was fine (where fine is defined by the last paragraph) till the fourth night. My girlfriend really likes seafood (mainly from buffet) and was eating that all the time. By the fourth night she got sick and vomitted like 4-5 times and by the next morning we went to visit the hotel doctor because she could not keep anything including liquids in. The doctor recommended shots to stop the vomitting and then pepto bismal and some gravel equivalent i think... My girlfriend does not like shots and who would have thought just eating their food would require such extreme measures so we just opted for the medicine....After a few hours we had to come back because she did need the shots cause she continued to vomitted anytime she ate or drank. I by the fourth nite had diarreha but after taking some immodium felt fine. I actually hate seafood and never ate any. I like pretty much what my girlfriend does not so we pretty much covered the entire selection they had which after the first couple days you get sick of.On the last nite, we decided to use our last reservation for the Italian rest. I do not think my girlfriend was really up for it but she insisted on making the best of our last nite. I ate the lasagna which i thought tasted great but after eating it I instantly felt very uncomfortably full. 1 hour after dinner or so, I thought I would feel better if i went to the washroom and when i got there to my surprise had to vomit instead. And from then on, I pretty much vomitted every 20-30 mins. I could literally identify everything I ate that meal and afterwhich it was all liquid/acidic like vomit. The symptoms looking very similiar to what my gf had, I lasted 2-3 hours before going to the hotel doctor. She gave me the same treatment but it clearly was not working. She then proceeded to hook me up to an IV. I stayed there for a few hours, now very dehydrated, somewhat shaking and taking very irregular breathes. The doctor eventually called th ambulance. I stayed for 2 nites at the hospital before being released. A review of the DR hospital experience is probably outside the scope of this review...The doctor could only explain my illness by saying foreigners are sometimes not used to the food especially on their first visit. Although I am sure this is true, that seems like quite a poor excuse. Also note that the hospital was filled with tourist patients, and the patient across from us was from the same resort with similar a conditionI did not take any type of medication/shots that people have since told me may help before travelling. Thank goodness for all inclusive travel insurance. The delayed flights home, and hospital costs were well in the thousands. Also thank goodness my girlfriend was there to take care of all matters with the hotel, insurance company and me. If she ever happens to read this review, she'll know i am forever grateful...I know this is an extreme case and there seems to be a lot of highly rated reviews lately. Before i went i read a lot of reviews on tripadvisor and back then Gran bahia was rated #2 (guess it's dropped a spot since then). I was probably more prepared than the avg person because I had read so many reviews.... brush teeth with bottled water, get 3rd floor suite to avoid ants, not near marsh where there are a lot of flies etc, etc.....All I can say is go at your own risk. I will never go there again, probablly not even to the DR but that's just me.Aside for the being sick, the place was okay. nice looking resort and room but pool pretty dirty, bugs in the towel animals, they kind of skimpped on the towel/face cloth replacement but we had ample bottled water. not much to do besides lounge around on the resort. no night life. hope this helps.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	3	3	4	2	4	

<Author>traveljunkie21
<Content>Long weekend relaxation and Partying Just got back from a 5 night vacation at the bahia with 12 guys and girls all ages 17-20 it was amazing. The resort is very beutiful and in great condition. The Beach: very clean water and clean sand lots of chairs with plenty of shade if needed. The water sports are so much fun including the little sailboats and kayaks. I reccomend Bringing Your own snorkle and mask. The Pools: Thier are many! all clean and u will get great service, you will not wait more than a few seconds for a a drink!Dining: The buffets all seem to be good no one i was with had any problems only went to 2 ala cartes the japaneese def being my favrotie.Bars and Nightlife: Their are bars you can get drinks at all over the resort ... a nice place to hang out and get the night started after dinner is the lobby bar before you head to the casino or nightclub where it gets crazyThe rooms: All clean big spaces very good housekeeping service i left them a 2 dollar tip daily and wrote them a note in spanish and they stocked the minibar with all beers and bottled water.Met and talked to many poeple who have vacationed in punta cana several times they all said the bahia principle was def the best... Overall very fun vacation cant wait to go back.. i definetly would recommend young singles or large groups looking to have a fun day and crazy night to visit this resort.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>GoGlobal79
<Content>French Fries in Paradise I just returned from a week at the Gran Bahia Principe and it was a decent vacation but not necesarily because of the efforts of the resort.Rooms: The accomodations are very good. Definitely 3.5 star. Spacious, clean and comfortable. I did have a couple of problems during my stay 1) The tub clogged and there was a leak in the bathroom celiling due to heavy rain 2) After a major storm the power went out in the entire room...making it a pain to dress for dinnerService: This is where the hotel runs into the most problems. Everyone is quite friendly and makes it a point of asking you repeatedly if everything is okay. The problem is that they can't understand you if you have a problem and if they can understand you they don't seem to know what to do about it. My bathroom repair took a long time and the electrical problem that happened in the afternoon was not fixed until after dinner at about 9pm. Both repairs also required that I call twice to ask someone for help... not what I want to do on my vacation.Also, my call to bell services at checkout was futile. 10 minutes they said. I suspect if I had waited, I'd still be sitting on the edge of my bed!In short: The service is non-existent.Food: Now this can chage things for me. A place with all the aforementioned problems could still win me over if the grub is out of this world. Unfortunately, that was not the case here. The buffet food is, well buffet food. Nothing memorable there. You can probably find an item or two that you like...mine was french fries. Can't go wrong with french fries.My package also included 4 ala carte selections. We chose Japanese, Steak House, Mexican and Gourmet. Again nothing to really rave about. A bit higher quality than the buffet but most folks have a hometown favorite that could easilty beat any of these establishment. The Japanese was the best; courses of sushi, tempura, then meat and veggies flamed on the grill right before your eyes before you're moved to the main dining area for dessert.Everything was kind of rushed in all the dining establishments. No time to linger. If you want whats on your plate you'd better be actively eating or the plate will be snatched instantly. I found that rather annoying. Of course drinks are included. Dinner comes with wine selection of red or white. Both overly sweet...should be dessert wines. You can order different wine at some of the ala cartes but of course it will cost you.The Pool/Activities: The pools are great. Clear, clean and always full of fun. Plenty of room to gather or for couples to float off quietly alone. All have jetted spas which are nice for a nice water massage and swim up bars. Of course you have to tip the bartenders for drinks that are more that really cute smoothies. As for activities, I felt they were lacking or less publicized than true five star resort. I did see water polo being played daily and a few random dance contests and disorganized games by the main pool. Supposedly there were aquaerobics, volleyball and spanish lessons just to name a few happening, but I never saw or heard about them.The beach: It's pretty to look at. Plenty of loungers for all who wish to bake. However, if you want to go swimming you might like to stick to the pool. This is the Atlantic Ocean, not the Carribean Sea so the waves are pretty rough and sea weed is very heavy on the beach.Overall, your vacation is always what you make of it. However, if you're going for ultra luxury, five-star service, fine dining, english speaking, grown-up oriented...THIS AIN'T it.If you have a family (kids) and want someplace laid back and are super easy-going this might be the one.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	3	3	3	1	3	

<Author>mhass
<Content>party with friends Def the crazyiest vacation ive ever had ....traveled with 3 guys and 3 girls from college we had a great weak of partying....great service great food and great drink...cant wait to go back!! if ur thinking of going anywehre in punta cana this resort is def the place to go with friends  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>guimar茫es
<Content>Best Time ever in Punta Cana We stay in Bahia Principe between the 03/10/2006 and the 10/10/2006, with my girlfriend and some friends and we love it.we stay at golden club Bavaro near the beach, the room was perfect, the mini bar always full of drinks, big jacuzzi, King size bed, good balcony.The food at the resort restaurants was very good, we eat at el Pescador, Garden Grill and Japonese Restaurant.The night life at Pueblo Principe was amasing, with the show every night, the casino, the disco, the shops.the Beach was very clean, lots of seats.The main pool was always very busy, so we went to another pool, other times.We do the Saona and altos de chavon tour, I recomend it.Any question write to: nmbguimaraes@gmail.comNuno, Castelo de Vide, Portugal  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MEinerman
<Content>Great Resort, Great in Size The grounds at Gran Bahia Principe are beautiful. The upkeep of the resort is impeccable, and the service was also outstanding. I suggest trying to use a little spanish (as bad as you might be), because most of the staff speaks very little english and they are much more accomadating if you try using their language. The beach has calm water, plenty of chairs and umbrellas, and is private. You can rent a variety of non-motorized boats at the beach free as well (reservations required).The hotel has about 6 pools, all of which are vast, shallow, and have swim up bars. Chairs at the pools are in abundance because each is so huge. Each pool has unique activities from aerobics, vollyball, dancing, ping pong, water polo, however most activities take place in the main pool by the beach. The hotel has a large variety of a la carte restaurants and buffets style ones. WIth the all inclusive you can go to 3 a la carte meals a week (reservations required), and as many buffets as you like. The buffet food was decent at best, the a la carte was very good. One night as an a la carte meal they had a BBQ of jumbo shirmp, strip steaks, lamb, filet mignon, chicken, and flank steak, and it was all you can eat. This meal was outstanding. The drinks keep flowing, but most are served in small cups. They have all liquors and only a few premium ones and only presidente beer. The room are very large and clean, all have balcony/terrace, all have a whirlpool tub, and the minibar is restocked daily free of charge. The nighttime entertainment is pretty weak, and the shows did not keep my interest. The hotel has a mix of people from Europe, Canada, and the U.S.The only major NEGATIVE of the resort is it's IMMENSE SIZE!!! Most of the rooms will require you to get on a trolly to get to the beach because the place is vast, however the trolly runs often. You can walk from end to end of the resort in about 20 minutes, but all the dining facilities can range from 5 to 15 minute walk. The complex is very spread out, so be prepared to do some walking, even with the trolly.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Safyre
<Content>Fantastic Resort! We just got back from Bahia Principe last night, and the hotel was wonderful! The pools were great, the beach was terrific. The a la carte resturants were not too busy for reservations, but we chose only to use 2 of our 4 a la cartes. We preferred having a variety at the buffet.We ate at the Italian Resturant, and the Garden Grill. The appetizers at the garden grill were the best, probably the most americanized you will find.There is no food would say to beware of, we didn't have any problems with upset stomachs.There were always tons of beach chairs when we went to the beach, early morning, late afternoon, anytime of the day. same with deck chairs at the poolsThis was our honeymoon, and to be honest, that was the only disappointment. They don't do much for honeymooners here, they give you a plate of fruit (which we didn't even know what it was, except for the two banana's) and the smallest bottle of wine possible.We booked our vacation through redtag.ca and sunwing vacations, and it was incredibly easy. Tickets were at the airport, the trasnfer bus from Punta Cana airport to Bahia Principe, one of the hotel resp was on the bus to check us in on the bus, no long lines for check in.The other thing that was awesome is that there were tons of canadians at the resort, and alot of them had tired other resorts in Punta Cana, and all said they preferred Bahia Principe. So if you're trying to decide, this hotel isn't a risk, book it!!! Any other questions if you have any, feel free to email me, heatherlina@hotmail.com  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Kalisomer
<Content>Loved it! Would definatley recommend to others!       View of resort  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AshKat
<Content>Didn't want to leave!       At the beach  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>curious-in-t.o.
<Content>Loved the Bahia Principe Just got back from Bahia Principe. Loved everything about it. I can't believe people actually complain about this hotel. After reading some negative reviews about this hotel, I had second thoughts about booking, but I still did. Whoever is thinking about booking this hotel, please ignore the negative reviews. My husband and I went for one week and enjoyed every minute. The hotel is beautiful, the lobby is one of the nicest I've seen and I've been to Punta Cana 3 times. The room was large and very clean. No bugs anywhere. The pools (and there's many) were lovely. We spent 2 days at the quiet pool and the remainder of our trip at the main pool beside the beach. The beach was beautiful, the sand was white and the water turquoise. My husband went snorkeling and loved every minute. You leave a $20 deposit at the rental hut to receive snorkeling gear and you get it back when you return the equipment. Can't complain about the food because there was nothing wrong with it. (Unless you don't like a huge selection of food that tastes good). We went to the El Pescador a la carte:Great, Gourmet a la carte:Good and Garden Grill a la carte:Good. We were happy with just going to the buffet beings it had great food and a large slection of it. Try the grilled fish at the buffet it was good everynight I had it. The chocolate covered donuts were delicous as was the thin crust pizzas being made every few minutes. The lobbybar was huge and is were we spent most of our nights listening to the piano player drinking specialty coffees that they would have every night.The tropical drinks were also good. Try the Dirty Monkey (no alcohol) or the Bahia Principe and Banana Mama if you prefer alcohol. They were all good. The night show started at 9:45 pm every night and ended at 11pm. Then the party would continue at the Pueblo Principe (an entertainment village located in the resort) with another show that would involve the guests more. This show would end at midnight, from there you could go to the disco that ended at 2am (sun. to thrus.) and at 2:30am (fri. and sat.). I agree that there is nowhere to go clubbing outside the resort like Mexico and Cuba, but why would you have to with all thats happening at the resort. My husband is 28 and I'm 29 so this review is from a younger couple who do like to party, and also relax when in the mood. We did both.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>stincey
<Content>Amazing hotel and location! On arrival at the Gran Bahia, we were amazed to see the most beautiful expansive lobby with fantastic marble floors. From the first moment, we found the service provided by the staff to be of excellent quality, everyone was so attentive and helpful. They have to be among the most friendly hotel staff I have experienced! Also, everyone we came across could speak English very well- no problems. Our room was on the first floor with a lovely pool view and was immaculately clean, with the maid ensuring this was so throughout our stay; with towel changes everyday and topping up our mini bar daily. We had fantastic AC which worked perfectly well, an essential whilst staying on this island! It is so hot!The pools were huge! There were plenty of sunloungers to go round and we never had any problems with those. The pool bars were also brilliant and a godsend on those hot afternoons! There were 5 huge pools, 2 being very close to the beach which was perfect. At those pools there was a daily program of entertainment, with all of the other pools being more quiet. The beach, well what can I say- AMAZING!! A big stretch dedicated to this hotel alone, with many, many palapas and loungers. This beach is one of the best on this whole island from my experience, and as beautiful as any other in the Caribbean. The snorkelling was also excellent and the hotel allowed free hiring of watersports equipment, which was great- we took out the catamarans and kayaks which were great to see the whole coast. Food was of a very high standard- everything was well presented and prepared, with amazing choice at the huge buffet restaurants, as well as in the other restaurants: French, Japanese, Mexican, Fish, European, Steakhouse, and Italian. We even had Lobster, Filet mignon and smoked salmon on two occassions! I would not say the food was of the standards you would find in the Four Seasons, however it was great. We NEVER had any tummy troubles at all. Also, just to mention, we only ever saw 2 mosquitos our entire stay!Evening entertainment was very good- a show of some sort every night in the theatre, continuing on in the Pueblo Principe 'village' where there was also a large sports bar, pool table area, diner, shops and fab nightclub open to 3am. Also, the lobby bars had good live music on most nights if you don't have the stamina for the shows or nightclub! Drinks and cocktails were always of good quality- but if you do want them to be stronger, make sure you ask. You can also take a look in the bar menu to check out the imported spirits as they are often included in the all inclusive option, such as Stolichnaya Vodka, which is great!Some tips I would give any potential visitor would be 1) ensure you have enough sun lotion 2) take an excursion out snorkelling and take some fruit or bread along, as you will attract a million different fish 3) take an excursion to see the island i.e the safari tours 4) enjoy yourself, you're on vacation! This hotel is absolutely fantastic and really is a great choice- one of the very best on the island- and I will definitely be back!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AnatD
<Content>Amazing holiday, great food, beautiful resort We just returned from 2 weeks holiday at the GBP punta cana, we stayed at the Golden club and had an amazing room with pool and sea view.The service was great, the food was very good in the buffet and in restaurants.We did a mistake and rented a car since we wanted to get to know the area and learn a little bit more about the place we are visiting. The local people CAN NOT DRIVE, most of them were never certified, therefore, driving their roads is very dangoures and scary. - In any case, there is not much to see out side of the resort, there is a great view most of the time but not worth the hassle of driving.all the of offered trips are quite expensive, and to our hamble opinion do not worth the money.But all and all we had a great holiday!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Jemmalou
<Content>coco-loco I went to the Bahai Principe, Club Golden, I have read all the reviews and was very discourage about going, but I went anyways and I must say I had the greatest time ever, the hotal was amazing and the service was great and most all we made some great friends. I have to say dont go by what you read, you have to experience it for yourself and believe me it was amazing, I would rate this place a 10/10 , I have been to many places and so far this was the best.To all my friends in Punta Cana, Miss you all and hope to see you soon.PS learn some spanish, and try that coco-loco'sJemma Evans  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tequilasunrise8002
<Content>so so vacation Just got back from our stay at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana. Warning: if you are from the states, don't expect great service. Pros: The beach was beautiful, although packed with topless smokers. If you put your blinders on, you could look past that and take in the beautiful water and white sand beaches.The rooms were immaculate. Despite other reviews, we didn't have any insect problems, and our maid Romona was so sweet and did an excellent jobs.The grounds were very well kept. They were constantly cleaning it and keeping it nice. The pools were nice as well, although they too were super crowded. Weatherwise, we could not have asked for a better week. We had low '90s everyday, and not a drop of rain.Cons: The people were not friendly. I took basic spanish years ago, and while I am by no means fluent, my effort was not appreciated. We got snapped at on many occassions. While plates we cleared quickly and drinks were brought fairly quick, we were rarely approached with a smile. This is quite opposite from my trip to mexico, where any attempt at the language was appreciated, and they were just as eager to learn about our culture as we were theirs. The front desk did not speak good English. They pretended like they did, although when you really needed something, they could do little to help. I am from the new york city area, and I was looking forward to a low key vacation. Believe me, I was not anticipating a five star. I would have stayed here and dined at the Ritz if I wanted that. Our first night there, I read the policy that you must wear long pants and long sleeves to the buffet (but only for dinner). I was upset as I looked at my boyfriends wardrobe and saw the endless short-sleeve polos. I asked the front desk what women must wear, and guest services told me that to the dinner buffet, women must wear skirts or long pants. Again, I glanced over at my 5 or 6 pair of dressy bermudas that are good enough for my office, but not for their buffet. I told him this, and he said bermudas were not allowed. I decided to check it out for myself, only to find the buffet packed with people in shorts, tees and flip flops. I am still confused....The food was not good. The steak restaurant was the only really good meal. However, to their credit, this is not a 5 star, so you can't expect too much. I left dinner everynight with a stomach ache....it was that or starve. I am not sure where you people are eating that found the food fabulous. Edible is more like it.....Not much to do other outside of the resort, as the cities are not very safe. We did the catamaran exursion, which was nice, and finally the staff was nice. The only downside to that was the snorkeling....big waste. Saw only 2 types of fish. I have snorkeled in Belize, however. I guess I am spoiled. I was suprised to see that we were one of the few to tip at the end of the trip..........cheap cheap people in the dominican.To add to the above, tourists there are unfriendly. All they do is smoke. I was bumped into several times, and I got not one excuse me. And ps....while this is an all-inclusive trip, please tip for good service. I was astonished at how ungrateful people were.I could go on and on....while I have more negatives than positive, all in all, it was a relaxing vacation. If you want to sit back and relax and aren't looking for crazy ngihtlife, this is for you.To add to someones point about north americans staying away, I would like to agree.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>Fechas
<Content>Relax and Relax . . . We have just returned from Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana / Bavaro at Punta Cana. We stay from 11 to 19 of September.I have to say 3 or 4 things:- No mosquitos- No problems whit the water- Everyone was simpatic and gentil . incredible staff !!!!I have 29 and my wife also, and we loved Bahia Principe. If you want relax and relax and relax....Bahia Principe is a nice choise.I stay in Hacienda Club, and i love it. The resort is very big, and there`s no problem if you want to go to the lobby or to the pooll etc. There are many mini trains to pick you up. The beach is awesome, white sand, blue cristal water, no problems to pick a sit. Maybe i have to speack about the restaurants and the gardens, but truly you gone liked.The only thing that a dont liked was the guys who wants to sell you things, you just dont know if you buy by the right price !!So if you have any question about Bahia Principe Punta Cana / Bavaro fell free to send me a e-mail: fechas@sapo.pt.Fechas  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>birminghamtraveler
<Content>Beautiful Resort!       One of the shows at the theater  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>beachE_keen
<Content>Great resort, but food ????? My friend and I stayed at this resort Sept 9 through 16, 2006, in the Club Golden section. We got a great deal through selloffvacations and also paid for Club Class with Air Transat. Both upgrades are well worth the money - the Gold villas are closest to the beach and main pool while Club Class on the plane meant decent leg room and food and priority baggage service (first off the plane). The Gold villas are also those furthest from the lobby and buffet restaurant, but we spent most of our time at the beach anyhow and only had to take the resort shuttle for dinner.Overall, we enjoyed our stay however I did suffer from food poisoning the last 2 days (my first experience ever), so I personally can't give the resort 5 stars. My friend didn't get all out poisoning but he did have to pop a few Immodium pills here and there (which by the way, I strongly recommend you bring from home) to settle his stomach.Pros:Lovely room and maid service - everyday we had different towel art with fresh flowers and balloons.We stayed in villa 2 on the Punta Cana side, close to beach  pool - suggest you get a room on the 2nd floor as we met several couples who had 1st floor rooms with major bug problems.Beach was great - long stretch of white sand. Staff are constantly cleaning up cups, seaweed, etc. Would be nicer if guests disposed of their cigarette butts properly instead of just leaving them on the beach though.Cons:Staff were friendly but english was limited - suggest you brush up on some basic spanish on the plane trip down.Food - although there were 6 a la carte restaurants (only 5 were open during our stay - the Mediterranean restaurant was closed), we found the food good at only 1 - Le Gourmet (the French restaurant). We also tried the Japanese (was ok), the Garden Grill Steakhouse (beef was tough and salad bar was extremely salty), and the Seafood restaurant (terrible!). The food at the beach snack bars (where most people ate lunch since you don't have to get dressed out of your beach wear) was the same everyday. I avoided all raw vegetables and peeled fruits for the first 3 days (stomach was fine then) but gave in on the 4th day. That's probably where I went wrong and got the food poisoning. I'm still not exactly sure what it was that did me in but I'd stick with the rule: hot food should be served hot and cold food served cold (not lukewarm or room temperature as was the case at the buffets!). Also, I found the house wines undrinkable (especially the red) but you can order other wines (average bottle $20 USD, better bottles $25-30), which we did at the a la carte restaurants.I doubt that I will be returning to this resort anytime in the near future, just based on the food poisoning experience (I've never been so sick in my life!). If I didn't get sick, I imagine I'd be recommending the resort to everyone for the price and service alone. Hopefully if food quality improves, I will have a change of heart.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>sunni25
<Content>Loved It !!! This resort is outstanding. The hotel is beautiful a true paradise. The people there are hard working and constantly at it. The food is great and the people are very nice. They try very hard to keep you entertained and there is always something to do if you want to participate. They take pictures during your stay during the day by the pool or beach, during dinner and in scattered places. Very nice place also for small wedding celebrations. There was two during the week that I was there. The scenery is beautiful. Great place for kids also. There is a Mini Club for kids (like a day camp) that is fun and the kids do many activities. Even though its an all inclusive I tipped everyone that either helped me with my luggage, to people in the restaurants, to the bartenders, and the lady that cleaned my room everyday. It made me feel great to see a smile on these people's face that work so hard to make our stay a pleasant one. I would go back any time.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Sav&Carlo
<Content>Amazing, Amazing at the Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro We just returned (sept 03-10) from the Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro resort in Punta Cana (hotel is about 2yrs old). I travelled from Montreal, Canada with my husband  2yr old daughter.....this hotel is just so beautiful and huge. We booked a Sunquest vacations/Diamond Club package which is a grade lower than the Golden club, but not much of a difference between the two. To start off, we checked in on the bus on our way to the Hotel. Upon arriving at the hotel, our luggages were right away delivered to our room....love this kind of check-in.DIAMOND CLUB ROOM, was spacious, clean and all ceramic on the floor. The bathroom was large with a jacuzzi bathtub. Our room was slightly far from the beach  pool, but I didn't mind the walk. Every night we got fresh pool towels  chocolate..RESORT GROUNDS, this resort is huge. There is also the Bahia Principe Punta Cana on the other side. We were on the Bavaro side. There is a mini-bus that always passes and takes you from one pool to the next and one restaurant to the next. There is a casino on sight with all little shops which is great to pass your time at night. The front lobby was very nice  big, which is great in the evening to have a drink.POOLS, so many. We stayed everyday at the pool by the beach (close to the Golden club rooms). There was music, very big, clean with kidddy pools. Lots of pool chairs. There were daily activities in the pool so you are never board. As for the other pools, don't know if there were activities or music. BEACH, not exactly white sand, but was nice. The waves were a little rough and had sea weed. We still prefer the ocean in Cuba.LANGUAGE, the people there do not speak much English. We didn't mind it much, we enjoy speaking Spanish. Same for the tourists, lots of Europeans (topless!!!) from Chile, Spain, Portugal, England, etc.....RESTAUANTS, the food at this resort was very good. As for the buffet  A La Carte (Japonese, steakhouse  Seafood). my favorite meal was breakfast. Thomas made me my omlets  I had chololate dipped FRESH/MELT IN YOUR MOUTH CROISANTS.ENTERTAIMENT, was a bit bland. The shows are nothing great, but as formy dughter she had a blast dancing with the clown during the kiddy show (8:00-9:00pm). the nimaiontem is great, and are always on time for the daily activities.OVERALL, we had a very nice time. We had beautiful sunny weather which made our vacation all worth while. Like I said, the hotel is very big so you may love it or hate it. Food was very good  large variety (lots of fish  sea food), so if you are a picky eater, you may love it or hate it.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Ilonka29
<Content>Best vacation ever, great people in Dominican       Main pool swimup bar  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>clcochrane
<Content>Loved this Wonderful Paradise Resort This was our first travel to anywhere and we had such a great time at this resort that we are planning to return in the near future. Our stay was from Sept 2nd to 9th.This resort as whole is beautifully designed from the gardens to hotel rooms. The staff are extremely friendly and are always cleaning and working hard to please you. I recommend tipping as a good gesture and the fact that the service is great. We were concerned about the food as people had warned us before we left that it will not be great. This is not the case at this resort. The food was very good and there is lots to choose from. They have buffets from morning, noon and night and then there is there is 6 a la carte restaurants to choose from for dinner: Japanese (excellent), Le Gourment (excellent), Garden Grill (very good), Seafood (very good), Italian (didn't try) and Mexican (didn't try). Our Club Golden package allowed us to choose 4 out of the 6 restaurants.I recommend the Club Golden package, as this gives you many additional extras. Such as: Free internet access, private check-in, free 24hr room service, in-room mini bar (stocked daily) etc.Overall the beach, pools, staff, food, the weather and the villas was perfect. It was a great choice we made for our first time travel. PS- My husband and I didn't know any spanish and we still were able to communicate with everyone as you'll find most of the staff speak enough english to get you by.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sherry0418
<Content>Bahia Principe- Excellente! Arrival- We were greeted at the airport with music and photo opportunity. After immigration you check in with your tour company and are lead to a tour bus. You are checked in on the bus and greeted at the hotel with a drink and taken directly to your villa. The resort is divided into two sides. Punta Cana and Bavaro , they are identical. We stayed in the Punta Cana side. We stayed in villa number 8- very close to the beach and main pool area. We were Club Golden- don鈥檛 get an upgrade. We had all the same privileges as the other resort guests.Rooms- Our room was on the first floor. We heard stories of bugs, etc but experienced none of that. Our room was clean and well kept and our mini-bar well stocked. We tipped our maid $2 US a day. We also left notes asking for what we wanted, in our limited Spanish. Our maid also gave us the t-shirts that the guests who paid for the upgraded rooms received. Food and Bars- We had the ability to eat at three ala carte restaurants. We ate at the Mexican, Japanese and French. All were great, the French was fantastic. We ate at the main Buffet 4 nights. The food is fantastic. They offer a huge variety of foods and a great selection of Caribbean foods. Don鈥檛 be afraid to try new things. They also have things like fried chicken for people who are afraid. Breakfast at the main buffet is great. They make omelets to order and have great fresh squeezed juices. The Snack Bar near the beach is also great. Hot food and lots of burgers and pasta and hot dogs. All of the bars were good. There are many. The bar in the hotel lobby is very nice. You can sit in the lobby and relax while being served wonderful concoctions by very nice people. It is a nice setting. The bar at the Snack Bar is also nice and Fabio, the bartender, is very friendly. Beach and Pools- The beach is beautiful. Very clean and well kept with white sandy shores and blue water. The hotel has lots of lounge chairs but you maybe out of luck if looking for shade. There is limited shade although you will get a palapa or a coconut tree of you go early enough. No one bothers you or harasses you on the beach. The pools are very clean as well and also have a large number of loungers. There are two jacuzzi鈥檚 in the main pool area. There are two smaller pools on the middle of the property. One is strictly for Club Diamond members but no one will stop you from going in. You can also get a massage or a fake tattoo or hair braiding done near the pools. Entertainment- During the day you can take tours which are extra. We did not do any of these as we saw no need to leave the resort. There were tennis courts which we used. There is also mini-golf and bicycles available on the resort. At night there are shows put on by hotel staff. There is also a Casino which we spent time in. It is very small but adequate. The disco was small but lively. It opens up after the shows are over. Mainly Spanish music is played at the disco. Other- You don鈥檛 have to tip your servers or your maids or bartenders but they deserve to be treated fairly. Just because you are in a 3rd world country you should not forget your manners. These people work very hard and deserve to be rewarded. The resort is immaculate. Very well kept and maintained. Don鈥檛 be deterred from going to Bahia Principe.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>mbeach66
<Content>The Truth about Bahia Principe.       Buffet restaurant near the beach  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>simonb8832
<Content>Fantastic hotel highly recommended We stayed at this hotel 16th August to 30th, fantastic hotel visited all restraunts except the seafood not a bad thing to say about any they were all excellent in the main buffet it was some thing different every night always some thing that we liked. The staff was very cheerful and helpful they coulden't do enough for you especially josefina who works in the lobby bar. I have to agree that the nightly shows were a bit BORING!! Beach was fantastic white sands clear sea and lots of palm trees what else can you ask for the pedalos got booked up very quickly so get in fast for them. The main pool near the beach got very busy so stick to the quieter ones. The rooms was out of this world really spacetious.Only got one complaint full of moaning americans!!!! who did not want to obyed by rules for example did not want to stick to dress codes in restraunt and wanted to go in swim wear with no t-shirts on. If you dont want to stick to rules then dont go!!!!!!!!! All in all excellent place to go and we will be returning very soon.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Owlisn
<Content>Take a spanish dictionary Just returned on Saturday from 5 days. We upgraded to Club Golden for $30 a night. We were in the building closest to the pool and ocean. Nice view. Well worth the $30 extra. Rooms are very nice and the maid staff is always busy attending to your needs.Service was phenomenal. Everyone there was so helpful and nice. Knowing spanish is definitely recommended (at least some phrases). We were there at a time when 95% of the guests spoke spanish. The only english we heard was at the Lobby Bar. Odalis and Miguelina were great bartenders. Odalis speaks decent english.La Orquidea was a great buffet restaurant. The Piscis restaurant was open air so not that great. Hamburgers were not beef, not quite sure what though. We went to the seafood, italian, Mexican and japanese restaurants. All were good.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>zul6522
<Content>our trip Me and my wife just visited bahia principe resort in punta cana. The resort it self was very nice. It was huge resort as to get from the beach to the lobby you had to take a tran. The food was alright and the staff was helpfull to the best of their abilities.There were few tourists from toronto canada who were bunch of dummies. I think they came with their families. They took part in karokee show and sang the snoop rap song which sounded very stupid. Everyone who dances to the theme song is also very stupid.Other than that the resort itself was nice and i might go back again just not during the month of August.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	1	

<Author>OakONResident
<Content>A Good Choice of Resort My husband, 11 year old daughter and I just returned from a one week stay at this resort. We have traveled to other parts of the Carribean, but this was our fist time in the Dominican Republic. We were nervous because we did not know what to expect, and also because we were traveling during the heart of the hurricane season. Fears about the resort proved unwarranted. The Bahia Principe Punta Cana/Bavaro, although huge and subdivided into at least 3 segments each with its own lobby and restaurants, is very well-maintained and clean. We found the lobby very impressive and elegant - with its airy openness, gleaming marble floors, wrought iron fixtures. It was especially gorgeous when lit at night.Accommodations, which are in two or three story villas, are clean. As in any tropical country, there will be the occasional ant(S) or cockroach, but nothing to cause any major discomfort or concern. We were prepared with bug spray, but never had to use it. Hardly encountered any mosquitoes at all. We were happy to be in a villa situated close to the beach, but even if you are a bit further away, there are regularly scheduled shuttle cars to take you back and forth the different areas.Food and service were generally good if somewhat inconsistent. Buffets offer good selection. In the week we were there, we were able to try 4 ala cartes - the French, Italian, Seafood, and the Garden Grill. Our least favourite was the Garden Grill, but taste in food is subjective, and besides, I don't think anyone travels to a beach resort expecting culinary excellence.Tipping never hurts, but doesn't always help.The nightly entertainment did not interest us.There are several swimming pools in the resort compound to accommodate the various clusters of villas. The beach is indeed long, walkable and expansive, and although the water may not be as calm or clear as in other Carribean beaches (I think Punta Cana/Bavaro still faces the Atlantic), it is still swimmable. For good snorkelling, you would likely need to hire one of the snorkelling taxis constantly plying the shore to take you further out - perhaps to the area by the ship wreck.Concerns about the weather also proved unwarranted. Luckily, Hurricane Ernesto did not affect Punta Cana. I can only remember a brief evening thundershower during the entire week we were there.Overall, a good, safe choice. Not a bad introduction to the Dominican Republic. If we do go back, we would likely try the La Romana area to be closer to Santo Domingo.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>Mtlsouth
<Content>Nice! In general, all previous comments are accurate and I didn鈥檛 feel the need to add my own but this website is fantastic and I want to give a bit back.I鈥檓 38, from Canada, and I travel a lot. I stayed 1 week (Aug 20-27) at the GBP and was pleasantly surprised.Hotel: (see map) The Gran Bahia Principe (GBP) is a huge hotel (1536 junior suites) divided into 3 sections: Punta Cana (708 rooms), Bavaro (540) and Premier (288). A 鈥渞oad鈥?used by little buses splits the hotel in half: while looking at the ocean (hotel to back), the right side is the Punta Cana and Bavaro is on the left. The Premier section is closer to the lobby of the Bavaro and a bit far from the ocean. Some areas are exclusive to each side (Punta Cana/Bavaro): they both have their own main buffet, French/Gourmet and Japanese restaurants but all other buffets and restaurants are opened to everyone. A Punta Cana guest will not be accepted in the Maiko (Japanese restaurant) on the Bavaro side: he has to go to the Mikado. Check your voucher for the A la carte restaurant name. Furthermore, there are 4 sub-sections: A)Club Golden (offered by Transat): rooms closest to the beach, free internet, private check in, in-room beach towels, 4 A la carte restaurants choices, room service. (NO private pool).B)Club Diamond/Hacienda (Sunquest): free internet, private check in, 4 A la carte restaurants choices, private pool. C)Club premier: more quiet, private check in, in-room beach towels, 3 A la carte restaurants choices, room service, private pool.D)Regular junior suite: 3 A la carte restaurants choices, plastic cards to be exchanged for beach towels daily.Clients of each section have a different coloured bracelet but if you are not part of an exclusive club, you will never feel like a second rate guest: everyone is treated equally. Each club has his pros and cons: golden is close to beach but can get noisy due to proximity of pools, snack bars and buffets/A la carte restaurants. Premier is far from everything. Diamond falls somewhere in between. In all, if you can get a great deal on club Golden, then go for it. Otherwise, stick to 鈥渞egular鈥?I recommend building 14 (on the 鈥渞egular鈥?Punta Cana) which stands halfway between the beach and the lobby/buffet and faces both middle pools (the one on Bavaro side is exclusive to Diamond club). Note that there is construction outside the Bavaro side near building 20-21 close to the beach. We received the hotel info, bracelet and room card/key on the bus from the airport: super great idea, no wait time to check in.Just outside the main lobby lies the Pueblo Principe which is sort of a mall: shops, casino (very small), restaurant and disco. It is part of the hotel (free drinks and food) except for the casino.The grounds are extremely well maintained and beautiful. 1 or 2 mosquitoes here and there.Rooms: huge junior suite. A/C, fan, marble bathroom with Jacuzzi, satellite TV, mini-bar restocked daily with beer, soft drinks and water bottles. Safe cost additional $26US/week. Everything was fine except for the constant humidity in the room. I liked the idea of the Jacuzzi but thinking about how many guests used it before and the cleanness of the pipes, I used the shower instead! The maid was amazing: balloons, flowers, towel animals. I left her $1US/day with other stuff I brought from home.Pools: 5 pools and pool bars in total. 1 at Club Premier (far from everything), 2 in the middle (1 exclusive to Club Diamond) and 2 near the beach with all activities (more noisy and crowded). I never had problem finding a chair when returning from the beach around 4pm. Each has a Jacuzzi section that was a great hit with women ;-) ...Buffet: Each side has his own main buffet. The d茅cor is very nice and luxurious. Great food, many choices, kids corner, never been sick鈥?enough said. Some A la carte restaurants become buffets for breakfast and lunch (Seafood and Mexican near the beach). Different theme each night although a lot of the choices are the same every night. Lobster is served on Wednesday and Saturday nights. Note: for diner, men are required to wear long pants (nice Bermuda tolerated) and a shirt. A la carte: French/Gourmet (Main lobby on each side), Mediterranean (club Premier), Japanese (Main lobby on each side), Seafood (near beach Punta Cana), Mexican (near beach Bavaro), Grill/Steak house (near middle pool Punta Cana), Italian (near middle pool Bavaro), BBQ (at the beach). Note: for diner, men are required to wear long pants and a shirt. Reserve early for the whole week.The French and Steak house were really good (lots of choices too) but the Japanese was just OK (dry and overcooked). I would go to the Japanese only to have fun/talk with friends around the table while the chef cooks the food and for the d茅cor. You can sit 10 around the cooking table. Service: simply amazing. No issues, no problems: waiters and barmen were great. The only problem was for tipping: in Cuba, the waiters will split the tips at the end of the night but not at this hotel (according to our rep). Someone will sit you, someone else will pour water then one will bring you wine and another one will take your plate away鈥?Lots of people to tip! They all understood and replied in English. Entertainment: for the size, I didn鈥檛 find there was much going on daily. Activities and animation staff were limited. The (boring) nightly shows start at 9:45, a bit late and the disco only opens at midnight to close at 2am. I saw better entertainment in many other hotels not quoted 5 stars. Very disappointing!Beach: Beautiful, large, nice sand, lots of space. You can walk for miles on each side. A bit of wind and small waves. I you want bigger waves just walk about 陆 h to the left (facing the ocean): past the Breezes hotel the waves are bigger and more interesting. There are enough chairs on the beach but not much shade. Everyone stays near the beach bar (Punta Cana side); if you want a palapas, a tree and tranquility, move to the Bavaro side of the beach. There鈥檚 a shipwreck just in front of the hotel and it is a wonderful photo opportunity.The water is nice and clear. Seaweed is picked up every morning. Ropes delimit the swimming section (which I find a bit small); outside that section there are all sorts of boat activities. Scuba Caribe is in charge of the beach activities. You can find more details and prices on their web site [--]. I wanted to snorkel near the shipwreck using a pedal boat to get there but they forbid me without giving me any explanation. Their English was very weak. They offered me to enlist into their diving program instead (which go to the wreck) but it is expensive. They want to make a quick buck with parasailing, banana boat and speed boats renting rather than letting you snorkel outside the swimming ropes. The only snorkel offered cost $31 for 2 hours and it is not at the wreck or you need to go for 1 day or half day trips. You basically can鈥檛 snorkel around the GBP: I was extremely disappointed. To snorkel, you need to walk 20min. to the left in front of the Gran Paradise hotel. Lots of topless women: if you get easily offended by naked breasts, please stay home (and break your bathroom mirror) and stop complaining so much! It is not pornographic, it is not sexual, and we all have breasts!!!Summary: Pros: beach, pools, service, rooms, food, bars, grounds, not expensive for what you get.Cons: no snorkel, boring entertainment, late show/disco, $26 for safe, lots of walking (but good exercise!).GBP is a great hotel. Although not a real high-end 5 star hotel (which would cost you double), it is a 5 star family hotel for the general public: it tries hard to give you that little extra. Great bang for your buck.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RAM2615
<Content>Truly a Relaxing Vacation Resort.       Lobby Centerpiece  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>amberjo24
<Content>Hits and Misses Hits:BEAUTIFUL grounds, very cleangorgeous poolsimmaculate, large roomshousekeeping staff incredible, our room was cleaned 2-3 times a day and we got fresh beach and bath towels atleast twice a day, our maids even made us swans and baskets out of towels and fresh flowersJapanese restaurant is GREATplently of food and large variety on buffettPrincipe village is very cute, and has reasonably price stuffdrinks are goodwaiters and waitresses are very eager to serve and you are never waiting for a drink or for a dirty plate to be removedMisses:front desk is not helpful, upon arrival they didnt have our reservations and we still aren't sure if they was Pricelines mix up or the hotels but they did nothing to assure us that they were working things out, instead they let us wait for 2 hrs without knowing what was going on, and then when my husband complained for the 3rd time they let us go to the buffet and get drinksNO ENGLISH, even when they tried to speak english it was with such a heavy accent we could barely understand them, and it almost seemed if they were trying to make us feel stupidwe stayed for 6 days and could not get a reservation at the seafood restaurant and all the reservations we did get were for 7-730 which was way to early because all the bars close at 6 so really after 6pm there is not much to do. the entertainment was terrible.food was edible but by no means GOOD. nothing really had a great flavor, and they tell you that the buffet has seafood on wed and sat which is true but its basically just lobster tails done on the grill that tastes charred.this resort is huge and therefore very crowded. the pools were always pretty busy, and if you didnt get there before 10am it was hard to find even 2 chairs together, and we never found available ones under the shade umbrellas.the beach is pretty crowded also, and topless, the do not have a very large section roped off for swimming,the included water activites such as the kayaks and cattamarans require a $20 holding deposit if you want to use them. You get this money back, but we've stayed at an all inclusive resort that doesnt require that.this resort is gorgeous and well maintained. the food and drinks are plentiful. There are not alot of activites unless you want to pay additional money and the entertainment is not good. It is very crowded but still peacefull. After 6pm its like the whole resort shuts down but the main lobby. We have only stayed at one other all inclusive resort which was a Sandals and nothing could compare to that so maybe I am being too hard on Bahia Principe.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	3	4	1	4	3	

<Author>Florence14
<Content>Wonderful vacation Thank you to everyone that shared their experiences on Tripadvisor. Although I took every review with a grain of salt I would say that the overall experience was just what we expected based on this site. My two cents:- THE BEACH is absolutely beautiful. Clear turquioise water; white soft sand; we had no problem with seaweed, you can see where there are small patches of it so just swim around it; lots of palapas for shade. Just walk a little away from the main pool and you will find one.- THE POOLS were also beautiful and immaculately clean. We spent our morning and early afternoon at the beach and late afternoon/early evening at the smaller pool closer to the lobby. This was much less crowded and quieter than the main pool. If you want quiet stay away from the main pool in the middle of the day.- SERVICE was excellent!! These people work sooooo hard to cater to your every whim from the crack of dawn to past midnight. Give them a break!!! And be nice!!! - LANGUAGE BARRIER - Yes, the main language is Spanish but they will try to speak English. They also speak French and German. Amazing. However, we made an attempt to speak Spanish whenever possible and they REALLY appreciate it. Learn a few basic phrases (Hello, how are you today, please, thank you, your welcome, Where's the _____, etc.) It's not difficult and such a great opportunity to learn something new.-MAIN BUFFET is in a very nice restaurant that feels less 'buffet' than other resorts I've visited. Lots of selection and pretty good food. If you like lobster make sure to check for the 'seafood' night before you book your a la cartes. Unlimited grilled lobster - yummy! Of course, like with any buffet we were a little tired of it by the end of the week but that was expected.- A LA CARTES - beautiful restaurants with amazing service that was above and beyond. We tried the Japanese, Garden Grill and Le Gourmet. All were fabulous. - WATER SPORTS - i.e. non motor sports like kayaks, catamarans (sp?) etc. book up fast so be sure to book 2 days ahead of time. - ENTERTAINMENT - salsa lessons by the pool were fun and funny, evening shows get an A for effort but were not as 'professional' as other resorts I've visited. Lobby bar is pretty hopping in the evening and we mostly enjoyed sitting there and chatting over drinks after dinner. - ROOMS were great. Ours was on the first floor near the lobby and we loved it. No musty smell, no ants, no other bugs. One note is that you have to pay an extra $26 for the safe. Oh well.All in all we had a fabulous, relaxing vacation. There is not much to do outside of the resort so if you like to go clubbing in the evening or shoppping in the main towns, then Punta Cana is not for you. The region is entrenched in poverty but the people bend over backwards so make your stay an enjoyable one. Just remember that your 'standards' may be based on 5 star hotels in North America. So keep an open mind and you'll have a great time. P.S. As another reviewer commented there are lots of Europeans thus lots of topless sunbathers. For many people this is perfectly normal and it does not mean the 'want attention'. If this seriously bothers you then you might not like this resort.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rosa29
<Content>The greatest vacation ever You must go to Bahia Principe it really is a dream come true. Our family trip was incredible. There are plenty of activities for both children and adults.The food was excelent but dont go to IL Capricho restaurant the food was not good. Go to Maiko Japanise and to Garden grill. As soon as you arrive at the hotel go to guess relation to get dinner reservation. Also go to the excursion for Saoma all day on the beach and oceanYou have to go to this hotel the service is incomparible to anywere else  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tchoke
<Content>nice resort very big       beach looking towards bahia  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	-1	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Emma707
<Content>Fantastic Hotel - Dont bother reading bad reviews from picky people My husband and I have stayed at many all inclusives before and I would like to say that I could not fault the hotel, beach, pool, food, grounds or otherwise. It really is truly lovely and worth every penny.However, I would like to make notes about the following:1. There are a lot of topless sunbathers. Bathing in this fashion is normally conducted by people who are either in their later years or who need some kind of attention. If this offends you please do not go to this hotel.2. People will continue to stump out cigarettes on the beach. This causes enourmous aggravation and being non smokers, there were times we were being hit by smoke from all directions. It is a shame that people do not look after the environment.3. I got pushed by 1 male guests as I was coming up the stairs to the bar on the beach, and one other male guest also cut me up in conversation with a member of the bar staff. This also caused me aggravation and I could not believe how rude these people were.Please note that the only negative comments I can make are from some of the guests themselves and NOT the hotel, whose service is second to none.I also seem to get tired reading a lot of the reviews about the americans putting the europeans down and vice versa in the reviews I read. Please remember to describe your experiences, you do not necessarily have to put down peoples nationalities. It can be quite offensive and also to put people in the same barrel is also quite short sighted.This hotel was brilliant. If you have the chance to see how people live in the Dom Rep, or go through Higuey, you will understand that these people could do no more in terms of everything that they do. It saddens me that people could complain about such silly little things. Remember this when you visit!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>it's_chilly_here
<Content>Wow!       Sugar Cane Plantation  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lori_agi
<Content>Non Habla Espagnol After spending a week at Bahia Principe, we are glad to return to Toronto. We travelled as a family and found both pros and cons to this resort.Beach: There is seaweed and sand. The water is not clear. However, the sand is nice and white. We were not able to find shade most of the time. The beach is also very small. All water activities are over-priced.Pools: The pools were always packed with people and unfortunately, the water was very very hot( the jacuzzis and the pools use the same water).Food: Decent. You won't go hungry but don't expect gourmet meals. The french, mexican and japanese a la carte restaurants were better than the buffets.Entertainment: Terrible. The largest problem we had with this resort was that most employees there did not know how to speak english or even french. We found that if you did not speak spanish, you did not get as much attention, hence, bad service. The nightly shows were all in spanish so we did not understand much but the dancing shows deserved an A for effort but not for presentation. We spent a whole week saying non habla espagnolThere is also a casino where you can kill an hour or so.Rooms: The rooms were clean enough with the occasional creepy crawlers. There were little ants on the dressers and ants crawling on the walls.Due to the massive size of this resort, there is a train/taxi service that drives you to one end of the resort to the other. Tipping is optinal but is always appreciated. The alcoholic beverages were exremely weak.Having been to Cuba three times before, Dominican pales in comparison. Although it was not a bad vacation, we will not be going back mainly because of the language barrier.In conclusion, North American tourists: STAY AWAY! This resort is mainly for Europeans!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	1	4	

<Author>CheltenhamLady
<Content>Fantastic Was initially very snobby about going to the Dom Rep as had heard mixed reports, however this hotel was fantastic. Extremely clean, staff very friendly, nice rooms with good sized balconys, and great pool. We stayed for just a week and probably wouldn't have wanted to stay any longer but if you fancy a week not doing anything then this would be the place. The pool was really quiet, with a nice swim up bar, always a free sun lounger. It seemed to be mainly spanish holiday makers here, didn't hear another english voice whilst we were there, bliss! All the restaurants were nice, especially the seafood one for breakfast, which no one else seemed to know about except us, so that is worth the walk down to the beach in the morning. The restaurant staff were so efficient, they kept clearing our table when we got up to get more food! This hotel is not your typical Dom Rep hotel, so would definantly reccomend it.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jperri
<Content>"Beautiful Resort..... Longing to go Back"       "Yummy Coffee"  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>ADavies
<Content>Superb holiday! Just returned from an excellent two week stay at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana. What can I say other than we had a superb holiday at this resort. Don't be put off by some reviews of this hotel as everything was very near perfect as most of the bad reviews are from people who would complain if they spent two weeks holiday in heaven (bloody angels!). Some of the reviewers have complained about very petty things, the waiters didn't speak English (interesting to see how many people in the USA and Britain that can speak more than one language) and things like the rice was overcooked (you've just spent 2 weeks in paradise and that was the most memorable moment!!)Anyway, back to the hotel. The hotel is huge (some people even complained about this!) and there are trams to take you from different parts of the hotel. The grounds of the hotel were immaculate and there were staff constantly working to tidy the place up, painting, gardening and the sprinklers were on for long periods of the day which made the gardens lush and beautiful. The room was excellent - the air conditioning was a welcome relief from the heat outside and we left it on constant for two weeks, The mini bar was fully stocked and the maid every day left our hand towels in differenr arrangements.The beach needs to be seen to be believed and I cannot really describe how beautiful it was in words - never seen anything remotley like it before. To swim in the beautiful clear light blue sea was an experience in itself. The pool was also excellent especially as you could spend a few hours sitting at the pool bar.The food was very good. I know some people have complained about the standard of the food, there is a need to remember that yyou are staying in the Dominican Republic and the standard of food is not as high as back home whether in Britain or the US. There was plenty of choice at the buffet if the food was a little cold at times. The restaurants were excellent and a much better standard than the buffet. By far the best was the Japanese and a must for your stay at the hotel, I am a bit fussy with my food but I loved everything we were served at the Japanese. Th whole ambiance of the place makes you forget for a while that you are in the Dom.Rep. The other restaurants were also very good, especially the Garden Grill and the Mexican. We did have a few dodgy stomachs a few days but put this down to eating food we were not used to, ate a lot of fish which is something we don't do on a daily basis.The drinks were plentiful and the service at the hotel was one of the highlights with regard to the hotel. Our glasses was never empty and we were tended hand and food. We joked one night that we were going to make a complaint beacuse we had to wait TWO MINUTES to be served by a waitress for drink!! Considering how much the staff get paid they did a remarkable job and as long as you are pleasant and make some effort to speak Spanish then you and the staff will get along fine. If you only speak English and are unpleasant and arrogant to the staff then what do you expect.We went on a few trips were excellent. My girlfriend swam with the dolphins and this was an excellent experience, especially as it was done at Dolphin Island where the dolphins are kept at sea rather than in a zoo as at Manati Park. We also went on the Outback Safari which was superb - we went to a typical Dominican house and met some of the locals, went to a coffee and coco plantation, and went boogie boarding on a secluded beach which was an excellent experience. We also went to Saona Island which was a very good. The Caribbean Festival was also superb as we had a chance to spend a few hours snorkelling and swam with sharks. Trips were a must to see the real Dominican Republic on your holiday.We had a superb holiday and would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone and we will most probably visit this hotel again in the near future. If you go to this hotel and find it poor because it is not 100% perfect might be worth that remembering that life itself is not perfect, and this hotel is not completley perfect, but it's pretty damn close.Visitor from the UK  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>susono
<Content>Ideal in every way! My wife and I, both 49, and our three more-or-less grown children -- 14 to 25 -- descended on Bahia Principe Punta Cana in the second week of August, 2006 to celebrate a milestone in our lives. We've never done the all-inclusive thing before, and my observations should be considered not only as those of a rank novice, but also in light of my admitted cynicism towards people who manage to become connoisseurs of this sort of holiday. For us, all the broad elements of the experience were perfect: the beach is postcard perfect, the design of the resort is elegant and practical, the people are friendly, the food and drinks are copious and appealing and everything is spotless, with no lineups. In short, resort life is quite unlike our regular lives, as it should be, and if I ever became so familiar with idle luxury that I would be anything but amused by variations in the facade then I鈥檓 not sure how I could stand myself, especially as the airport shuttle hurries me through neighbourhoods of hot crowded concrete sheds three feet from the highway. Thankfully, along with our first taste of grand luxury and pure leisure, we found lots of comedy. Perfection, as it turns out, is probably very tedious.I suppose by definition the resort experience is one of elaborately contrived leisure, but at the so-called 'A La Carte' restaurants the theatrics lurch into high gear. As good North Americans we've developed a healthy suspicion of any organization that has obviously coached its minimum wage staff to be exceptionally obsequious and fawning, so it wasn't long before we were trading glances about the ministrations required of the multiple waiters, wine stewards, busboys, maitre D's and chef-like fellows swooping about in any of the stand-alone eateries, all the while serving complex variations of the same food available at the buffet. Clearly the A La Carte experience was crafted to appeal to visitors who want to feel pampered and 'served', regardless of the actual fare. Despite the great ceremony the wine, even by our standards, was laughably bad, and the desserts, always fashionably drizzled with chocolate syrup, quite often had a recently-thawed quality...Our favourite was the Japanese restaurant, where the unspoken motto of 'Who's gonna know the difference?!' is embraced most desperately. As twenty-somethings in the early 80's my wife and I spent two years teaching in Japan, so in fact we actually DID know the difference. For example, the walls are decorated with seemingly authentic calligraphy, but I was able to identify the characters on one scroll as reading 'three - four - five - six'. Similarly, while the tempura was great and the sushi was just as nice as any Loblaws bento, our cook made up a whole batch of Rice-A-Roni from scratch, right in front of our eyes! Fried rice, with the consistency of Quaker Harvest Crunch, a novelty that no Japanese would recognize let alone cook, but my daughter enjoyed. This was followed by a standard pre-grocery-trip stir fry, prepared with great flourish by our friendly cook who repeatedly tapped out 'Shave and a Haircut, Two Bits' with his cleaver. Let me repeat: aside from the wine, none of this was bad or unenjoyable. The vaguely oriental griddle mix, along with the other concoctions of dubious authenticity in the other restaurants were all prepared with earnestness and were a pleasure to eat, and the waiters/actors, bless their souls, delivered head office's mandate with admirable dedication. All of us, however, especially the staff, were far more at home in the buffet, where the atmosphere is relaxed, the food is honest, and the hospitality is, well, Dominican. The buffet was quite simply the best array of food I've found anywhere, and I experimented and sampled recklessly with no ill-effect. I will forever crave something called a 'tayoda'. (My 18 year old, on the last day of the visit, pointed to a small green lizard on a building wall: Look, a tayoda!) A similar but reduced spread of food was available conveniently at the beach, just one of the many well-thought-out amenities. Somehow, there were never any line-ups. The trolley was always there with space for us, and we always found loungers and shade at the beach, whenever we arrived. In fact, the only blight on the beach was ourselves, I suspect, labouring under the heat and our own luggage, variously greased and sunburned, highly conspicuous among the topless sand nymphs of Europe. 'Mon Dieu, les Canadiens! Don't let them set up camp by me!' I have to say that wherever we ventured we tended to stand out a bit -- the regular clientele is largely European, and, typically, indulge these pleasures with a more elegant simplicity: half a bathing suit and a book of Word Searches and they're good to go. Oddly absent from the mix of guests were Americans and gay couples. Perhaps they were there, but for some sad reason both felt it wise to keep discreetly under the radar. (Perhaps some unspoken foreign voice on the beach was beseeching the same discretion from the overfed guy in the faux-Tilley hat.)The weather was perfect, which came as a huge surprise to us. My wife and the 18 year old are obsessive weather junkies in the most routine of times, and they had been tracking disturbances and comparing stats for weeks before our departure. At best, we were told, we should expect sweltering humidity and daily drizzle -- It's the Caribbean! It's August! Are you people mental? The house meteorologists sagely concurred, and that to escape confinement in some sort of disaster relief facility would be considered a major success. As it turned out, the only rain that fell all week was one spectacular cloudburst while we were visiting Santo Domingo, and we were safely in the discount rum shop for its 6 minute duration. Every other day was sunny and comfortable, 30 to 32 degrees, and the steady gentle breeze from the sea made our encampment in the sand positively temperate, and infinitely better than the record heat wave that had roasted Ontario all of July. We lucked out. Unfortunately, the Dominicans didn't have the foresight to stage the major events of their history close to the Punta Cana resort strip, so we had to take a long bus ride to get to Santo Domingo. We all agreed it was an interesting if lengthy day, and served one extra purpose: it provided some relief from all that leisure! It's an unlikely phenomenon, and I would certainly never complain, but there came a point for us -- Day 5, I think -- when the notion of dragging our butts down to the unrelenting perfection of the beach was losing its charm. (I should add that bobbing neck-deep around the swim-up bar with a Doro Monkey in hand is unlikely to ever diminish in charm -- my wife is in danger of discovering me in a tepid bathtub with a beverage and sunglasses later tonight, I'm afraid.) Maybe, unlike those roasted European seniors in Speedos, some of us have a maximum capacity for leisure and luxury; when day 7 rolled around we happily hung out at the lobby bar to wait for the bus, drinking iced tea and orange juice, as far from the sun as possible.All in all, we can't imagine how it could have been any better. Well, the resort does need a better introductory booklet to issue with the room key to explain the all-inclusive features, but perhaps the initial befuddled exploration is all part of the fun.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Oceanfans
<Content>Beautiful Resort My husband and our 2 kids (4 and 7 years old) stayed at the Bahia Principe from August 6-13, 2006. We usually travel for 2 weeks and regreted that we only stayed at this resort for only 1week. We had the Club Diamond Package and we were very pleased with the services. We had the check-in on the bus on the way to the resort and that saved a lot of time, as many people were on the bus with us. Our room was big with 2 double beds and a sofa. The room was located in the centre of the resort, villa 31 111. We were close to one of the 3 pools. The resort is huge and is very clean. They do have buses that come every 1 minute through the resort. Thank god, because the weather is hot and with small kids, is hard to walk a lot. Every night we had clean beach towels and chocolate delivered to our room. We were very surprised, as we never had that anywhere else. We didn't have any beach towel cards, as later we found out, other guests had. There are different packages, like premier, hacienda, gold and diamond(which we had) and the services are different. We talked to a family that stayed in the same villa as us and they never received any chocolates. The big pool is very crowded and you need to get there early to get lounge chairs. We stayed at the pool close to our villa which was great because it was reserved only for the club diamond and hacienda guests. The beach is beautiful, the water is nice, but with some seaweeds. We had a lot of waves and wind and our boys preferred the pool better. The buffet restaurant is big and has a lot of variety foods. We didn't have any problems, or get sick. We were very pleased with the food and the service. We had 3 reservations at the A la Carte restaurants. The Italian restaurant wasn't that great. The service was very slow, for some reason. We waited one hour before our soups were served. Our kids ordered a pizza with cheese and ham and received pizza with spinach and salmon. The server appologized and told us to wait 10 more minutes for another pizza but the second one was a pita stuffed with ham and cheese. My husband ordered pork which he didn't like. I ordered the chef's special, lobster, which was pretty good. The French restaurant was amazing. We had the fillet menion, and chicken for the kids. The service was great and the food was very good. The Medeterranian restaurant was good as well. The service was great and the food was also good. The evening entertainment was a bit boring. The kids shows were ok from 8pm-9pm., but the adult shows from 9:45pm-10:30pm were not that great. We will definetly return to this resort because of its cleaness, and friendly staff.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Original-Jerseyman
<Content>A relaxing holiday My wife, 2 children (17 and 15) and myself stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks from August 2nd. We travelled with First Choice travel company, who were very good in all aspects of the arrangements. The Hotel is enormous, 1500 rooms on 3 sites but we never found that there was a problem finding an area in which to relax, which was our prime intention. The pools are huge, the one nearest the beach is noisy, the others less so. The beach was lovely except for the cigarette ends and we always found 4 sunbeds under a shelter. The best place is near the watersports hut because it is quieter. The staff work very hard and there are hundreds of them all over the place. All greeted us with Hola and if you know a bit of Spanish, which we made it our business to learn before we went, you are their friend for the whole holiday. Watersports are good but it was windy so some activities were restricted on safety grounds. The food was good, lots of choice, local, European, and Mexican dishes, and the Gourmet French restaurant is superb. There are lots of holidaymakers from Spain, a few from Italy and France and the U.K. and, sad to say, many from America. Most were loud (why do they have to shout when 3 feet away from the person they are talking to?), had appalling table manners (don't they use knives and forks in the USA?), filled plates up then left most of the food, and could not adapt to the international atmosphere at this hotel. This was a big shock to us and very disappointing. The Spanish were really nice, the French were charming and the Italians had just won the World Cup! We would recommend this hotel to anyone in the UK who want a relaxing, warm, clean and gastronomic experience.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jersymom
<Content>Very Relaxing Vacation My husband, daugher (17) and son (15) stayed at the Bahia Principe from 7/30-8/6 and had a really nice time. We had 2 rooms, 14108 and 14109, connecting.Upon arrival we were offered drinks while checking in which was very quick. We were carried along with our luggage on a tram to our room. I had requested an upper floor as i had heard there were bugs that got into your room if you were on the first floor. I am happy to say we did not see one bug our entire stay.Our room was by the middle pool, it was huge and clean. We were welcomed with tshirts and bottles of rum. The door connecting our room to our kids was locked by key, our maid happened to be right outside and she had someone come and unlock it very quickly. Our room was decorated with towel art (swans and hearts) and flower petals. Air conditioning worked perfectly. A few days into our vacation i shut the sliders and a piece of the plastic from the top fell off. The air conditioning wouldn't go back on. Called for service and it was fixed within an hour. No problems after that.Having read the other reviews, i made all of our a la carte reservations the first day. I got the exact times and days i wanted. Within minutes of unpacking i received 3 calls welcoming us to the resort, one from the lobby desk, one from our tour rep. Johnny from Go Go and one from guest services.The first full day there i met with our Go Go rep. and he gave us an overview of the resort (most things i knew already from TripAdvisor) and told us about some excursions we could take. Pool:My husband and son spent most of their time at the pool. It was not crowded, they always had lounge chairs. The pool bar was great.Beach:My daughter and i spent most of our time at the beach. There was a lot of seaweed. I had read reviews about using the beach to the left of the volleyball net and that was a help, less seaweed and always lounge chairs. There was only one day with absolutely no seaweed. The water was beautiful though, very clear and warm.Food: We booked our 3 a la cartes at the Gourmet, Japanese and Garden Grill after reading reviews. These were all very good, and our rep. was even surprised when i told him which ones we booked, he said i had booked the 3 best at the resort.The service at thses restaurants was excellent and the food was very good.Both my kids were under age, but we had to tell our servers not to put alcohol in their drinks. I think they would have been served if we didn't.Drinks we liked a lot were Coco Loco and Banana Mamma.Water: We made sure we did not drink the water, used the bottled water they gave us to drink and brush our teeth. I was the only one that got sick and that was on the very last day and it was just a little diarrhea, it didn't stop me from going to the beach. The bottled water is fine to drink, we drank tons. I read a review that said the bottled water is tap and that is just not true, it's fine. Excursions: My daughter and i did the Catalina Island trip. It was a full day, 7am -7:30pm, a little too long for us. First we took a bus (all other Americans) to a river ride which was nice, they served drinks and had people dancing. Then the bus took us to a town which was basically a tourist stop and we walked around, went into shops and took pictures. Then the bus took us to the marina where we got on a speed bus that took us to Catalina Island. The island was very pretty and the snorkling was great. They served a really nice lunch for us. The only complaint i have is the bathrooms. The toilets didn't flush and they were surrounded by bees. My daughter was in tears walking in and it was very dirty. Another problem was our bus's air stopped working, we had to make a stop and wait for a new bus.My husband and son did the Speed Boat/Snorkeling. They drove their own speedboats our to snorkel. They had a great time and got a picture that came out very nice. They didn't snorkel as long as they thought they would, only about 45 minutes. My daugher and i also did the horseback riding. This was really fun. A truck took us and another family to the ranch. We had to wait about an hour though, i think we were late getting there and the tour that left right when we got there was probably supposed to include us. It worked out though because it was just the 6 of us on the next tour. Our guide was great and we got to ride on the beach and through a banana plantation. My horse was very slow so our guide had to keep coming back and making him move quicker. My daughter's horse was great. Activities at the resort: We did the kayaks and the catamarans. They were both fun, a little hard kayaking out on the ocean. Reserve these a few days in advance as they don't have many.We didn't participate in any of the pool activities or go to any real shows. The one show going on that we stopped in on was basically Simon Says with members of the audience and was pretty boring. We were so tired most days and went to bed early anyway.The resort has a little shopping area that was nice. The vendors outside the stores are very pushy though. They have a pool table there that my husband and son used a few times, you have to pay for it though. They also did the mini golf which is down past the shopping area on the left a few times. Pros: Very clean, nice beach, nice weather, friendly staff, easy check in and check out, good food.Cons: Not many English speaking guest, only bumped into a handful. Mostly Spanish speaking guests, some French and Italian and German. Pool activities in Spanish, didn't feel all that welcome to participate. Pool activtiy leader was making fun of certain nationalities at one point. Not many teenagers there, better for couples and families with young children.Overall, if you want to relax and love the beach, this is a great resort.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>easterlily8
<Content>Excellent! I can't wait to go back!       transportation inside the resort  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>REM75
<Content>Great Tour of the city The good aspects included the general scenery and landscaping. The grounds were well maintained. The staff in general was very pleasant. Walking on the white sand beach was also a must do activity. By far the best thing to do was the trip to Santo Domingo, truly rich in historicity and old world charm. The Japanese restaurant was also a positive experience. Room service was mostly good. Good general ambience.The not so good aspects were:1.If you have a sinus problem or are a non smoker this is not the place for you. My wife and I were surrounded by smokers everywhere even in places that had some semblance of non-smoking signs. This was the worst aspect and I would not return for this reason.2.The huge property uses shuttles which become a necessary evil on very hot days. Sitting in the shuttles usually meant ingesting a lot of fumes.3.I found that the rooms were not well lit. During the days this was not an issue as you could open up the blinds but during the night there was barely enough light to read comfortably.4.The food was average. I had stomach problems and had to settle on white rice and bread by the fourth day.5.Plan to carry basic stuff like Advil and Pepto-Bismol as you will pay dearly in the shops for these amenities.6.The airport was a nightmare. It was too small to handle the volume of passengers. There was no AC and once again my wife and I were subjected to cigarette smoke.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Jathebeach
<Content>Amazing!!! First I just want to thank all the people who write reviews on this site and helped us make our decision before leaving. Without this site we would have been forced to judge solely on pictures of the resort and we all know how deceiving that can be.We just got back from a one-week stay at the Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana. We were there from August 6th-13th, 2006. We had a phenomenal time. We tried to visit the other resorts around the Gran Bahia to get an idea. A couple of the higher rated resorts are next door and I have to say that the Gran Bahia had the nicest grounds out of all its neighbours. Obviously we didn't eat at these resorts or get to go inside the rooms, but I have to tip my hat to the conditions of the grounds of the Gran Bahia. Let's start with the draw backs. Yes, the pool was always packed and people seemed to be reserving their spots from early in the morning, however there was plenty of room at the ocean (only 50 m away). Personally, why swim in a chlorine pool, when you can be in the aqua waters of the caribean sea? Second negative comment would be concerning our check-out. We had to wait 40 minutes for a bell-boy; but the hotel was extremely apologetic.That is it for the negatives. We found the food to be exceptional. We were able to eat at the restaurant five out of the seven nights. We loved the Mexican, Grill, Japanese, and Gourmet restaurants. The Italian was our least favourite, but still quite good. The buffet was not as good as the restaurants, but the variety of food offered, and the different themes each night made up for it.Our room was beautiful. The maid service was exceptional (we did tip her everyday). We always had towels. We purchased all this bug spray after reading some of the other reviews, but not a bug in sight. We didn't use repellent once during the trip. We will return and we would recommend this resort to everyone.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mgolfi197
<Content>It is not a five star To all who are researching on this hotel I want to tell you a few things before you make your decision.My husband and two year 1/2 old daughter decided to go away and stay at Bahia Principe in Punta Cana.First when we landed and we got on the bus to take us to the hotel they did the check in on the bus. That was great it saved us alot of time. We stayed with the gold package only because air transat was having a seat sale for children. The minute we got to the hotel we were take to our rooms which were very clean. We were really close to the beach which was a bonus. Since we arrived near night time we went for dinner. Restaraunts were amazing and the food and service was outstanding. They also have a kids menu just in case if there was nothing on the regular menu for them. This hotel was great for children they were really into making the kids happy. Whether it was going to the restaraunt or the show they always acknowledged children. Every day at 8:00 pm they had a mini disco for the kids. Then they had the show for everyone from 10-11:00 after that you would go the another area where there was dancing and singing. This hotel offered many activities and they was never a boring minute. The entertainers were there from early morning to late night with so much energy. The staff at the restaraunts were always there to serve you with smiles. This was a great vacation and I would recommend it for families or honey mooners. They served you like queen and king. I think that we will be staying at bahia 's for a while.If you have any questions pls feel free to ask  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LeoLucie
<Content>Relaxing vacation       Pool near beach area  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Paynekrl
<Content>Amazing resort My boyfriend and I ( 18 and 21) stayed at this resort from August 1-8, and had a great time. We booked through Apple and stayed ain Villa 22 in the Club DIamond section by the pool and beach, a two story building. We were on the 2nd floor. When we arrived there was rum, a letter, and shirts waiting for us.Check-In: This took about 5 minutes and went very quickly and smoothly. There were no problems with luggage or going to our room. They give you a welcome cocktail, and the bell boy takes your luggage on the cart and takes you over to your room.Room: Very large, beautiful, and spacious. When you walk in there are 2 large closests to your right with a small hallway. On your left is the bathroom which is all marble. In the center was a King bed, dresser, 2 night stands, tv (all in english), and then a sitting room with a couch and table and chairs. Then was our balcony which also has table and chairs. The maid came a few times a day with towels and tidyed up. She also left dirnks in the fride and swans made out of towels. The only problem with the room was that the toilet got clogged everyday. Maitnence arrived in less than 5 minutes to fix this problem. (the lobby is the same way)Food: The food is not horrible but not excellent. There is defintely plenty to eat. Breakfast is okay, the eggs are great. We never ate lunch except at the pool side cafe and it was the worst of all the food. At dinner we had 4 nights of buffet and 4 nights of restauraunts. The restaurunts were very good, and the service was unbeliveable. Everyone is very clean, well dressed, and very quick to get you what you want. The best is Le Gourmet (if you go at 7 dinner is happy hour all you can eat), Followed by Mexican, Garden Grill, and the Italian. The lobster at every place including buffet is terrefic. Drinks: We never drank the water not even the bottled water except to brush our teeth. For non alcohol the Cool and Nikes is very tastey. The best drinks we tried were the Bloody Mary, Dirty Money, Pina Colada, Strawberry Daquiri. We tried the coco loco, mama juana, and blue hawaii but they were incredibly strong. They are very picky about who they serve alcohol to. I am 18 and they thought I was 15, and I had to show them ID in order to get my drinks.Resort: The resort as posted is very large. We didn't even see the enitre resort while we were there. It is beautiful and very well kept. The men and women are constantly working and cleaning around the clock. I didnt see one bug or trash anywhere. Everything is done with a machete which is interesting to watch when in the US we see all yard work done with actual tools. The tram takes you in a circle from your resort down to where to main lobby is because it was a far walk with great scenery. We went next door to the Riu and Majestic and they didn't compare to the Bahia at all. Pool/ Beach: We loved both. There is entertainment everyday which is very funny to watch. They are both very clean, and the water is very warm. We went to both everyday. We would get a lounge chair at either the beach or pool leave our stuff and switch back and forth between swimming at both. We went kayaking twice (included) out to the ship wreck and that was a lot of fun, a rough ride though. We never woke up before 11 am and always had a pool side lounge chair or a good spot on the beach. Weather: Very warm and and party cloudy everyday. When it rained it was at night and only for a few moments. It wasnt as hot as I expected. It felt like 80 and there was a cool breeze. At night around 6 it got very chilly I would bring pants or long sleeves.Puebloe Principe: This is the mall inside the resort. The vendors are annoying, just dont look at them. One guy wanted to sell me a handmade phot album for 63.00, and we talked him down to 20.00. Inside the actual stores prices are excellent. Tshits are 9.00 and under. The casino is farely small and machines are 25 cents and under. Together we played 20 and lost 20.Shows: They start at 9 pm in the tropicana theatre and it's a lot of dancing. The guys typically don't enjoy it. At 11:15 you can go to the Pueblo and watch live music, magic show, or dancing. There's somethihg different everynight. The lobby singer was very good. We are early birds and were alseep everynight by 10pm so we only saw two shows.Excursions: This was the best part of our trip. We did two excursions: ATV, and Speed Boats/Snorkeling. They were both awesome! 3 1/2 hours each. We did one on Thursday and one on Monday. They leave 3 times a day. 9am, 11am, or 2pm. The ATV's are AUTOMATIC so if you do this get two! They are 55.00 per person. You go visit the countryside, a store, and macao beach. It was a great day. They put you on a tour with people that speak your language. On the end of this trip we got a DVD of our day (35.00) and a bottle of rum with our picture on it. (12.00) The Speed Boats/Snorkeling was also great. This was 56.00 per person. You drive the speed boat for 1hr 30 mins and snorkel for 1 hr 30 mins. Under the water is gorgeaous so warm and clear. At the end of this day we got a pucture with us driving for 7.00. Both excursions are worh the money. Our only complaint is you go to the Tour room in the resort and book through your rep (ours was Apple) but the Apple rep is only there 1 hour a day and not everyday. So we ended up booking these throught Coco Tours.Language: We both took spanish in high shcool for 4 years, and we could easly have a conversation with the workers. We knew as much spanish as they did english so it made it easy for us to communicate. WIthout any spanish at all you may have a slight problem nothing major.THE BAD: On the last day I got VERY sick to the point I could barely stand. I almost passed out in the punta cana airport and had to be taken to the hospital in a wheel chair. I was in the hospital for an hour with IV's to try to stop the pain and excessive vomitting. It worked for about 6 hours. Then I became very sick again in Georgia ( 3 hour lay over) and had sever chills, fever, and vomitting again. We finally arrived back to CT at midnight and my mom took me to the ER. I was there for 6 hours hooked up to more IV's and antibiotics. My boyfriend was not sick during this. He became sick (less severe) 2 days later. The doctor said we both got sick from the water, which we never drank. If you accidentaly swallow pool water, or the shower water it can cause it, also the bottled water is tap water. We both have a viral infection and can't eat actual food for 2 weeks. It's been 5 days and I am still sick. Be very careful of the water everywhere!!Besides that one incident the trip was fabulous and beautfiul. We would defintely return but be more cautious next time.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eurocivic
<Content>great vacation My husband and I stayed at the gran bahia principe punta cana from july 23 to the 30th. We stayed in room 10311 club golden. Our first impression of the hotel was boy is it ever huge! Check-in was no problem, went very smoothly. Had no problems communicating with any one at the front desk , restaurants or any where on the hotel grounds. At check-in we were given a passport book containing 2 room key passes and 2 towel cards. There was a map of the hotel grounds and some words translated from english to spanish. They are a very friendly people and greet u at all times. I will go by category to give u some ideas of how we found the hotel. They use a trolley to bring u from one place to another. They run until 3 in the morning and come by every 2 minutes.Room: All rooms are junior suites. It was a very nice size. Our maid kept it very clean and decorated it with flowers. The mini bar was stocked at all times with bottled water, pepsi and beer. We left the maid two to three dollars every day. The A/C works with your room key card, but our maid had but a paper to make it work at all times.Pool : The pools are very huge and very clean. Never had any problems finding shade except for one day. The pool near the beach is more crowded so we stayed at the Hibiscus. Jocelin was the animator and he kept us entertained at all times. Beach: What can I say . It's beautiful . The water warm..There is some seaweed but nothing to freak out about. There are always palpas to be had.Drinks: Very good. They put plenty of alcohol.... no watering down. My favorite banana mamma with rum. Try their Mama Juan very potent.Weather: Was nice the whole week we were there. Some showers did not last long, max 5 minutes. Used 45 sunscreen first day then 30 the rest of the time. Came back with a gorgeous tan no peeling so far. I am a mosquito magnet. Am glad that i brought some repellant. So do bring some.Food: We went to 2 a la cartes. Itatlian and Grill House. Loved them both. They both have a small buffet before the main meal. Buffets were good. There was something for everyone and plenty of it. We had lobster 2 nights at the buffet. We have gone to a few all inclusives (last year sandals grand bahamian) and this is the first time we were served lobster.As for stomach problems, my husband was fine. As for myself, a bit of discomfort the first day there, nothing immodium didn't cure. The nightly entertainment was not bad. Went to the casino a few times and lost. Went shopping at pueblo principe which is right near the hotel. Got some nice souvernirs. Hotel lobby shop is a bit expensive. We had a great time and we're sorry to leave. Would definitely go back.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UK_NEWLYWEDS
<Content>Fantastic 2 weeks My wife and I stayed at the Bahia Principe Bavaro for two weeks at the beginning of May. From the moment we arrived to the moment we departed, we were just so impressed with the hotel and its staff. On arrival, we were checked in with no fuss whatsoever, glad to be over the 8.5 hr flight. In the lobby we were given a lovely non alcoholic cool cocktail as a welcome before being driven in a 'golf buggy' to our room. After unpacking, we had time for a walk around the complex, magnificent gardens and what a fantastic beach front setting. Our first experience of the buffet dinner was gob smacking!! The choices available were amazing and probably topped 100 different dishes from starter to sweet, this is how it stayed for every meal for the duration of our stay. The meeting with the 'rep' the next morning was a must, he explained everything that was available to us including visits and excursions. You could book them there and then, or go away and think about it and book them at a later time. Days were spent alternating between the pools with their swim up bars and the beach with a great beach bar where everything all inclusive is available from 1000.  The weather was great throughout with only 1 afternoon of rain.We went on the Monster Truck Safari day out, a must if you want to see the real D.P. At about 拢40 per head, it was good value for money, included lunch and all you could drink on the lorry all day - yes!! they had a bar and barman onboard too. Our other excursion was the morning spent swimming with the sharks and rays, this was also fantastic, but could have been a little longer for the price we thought. Get an underwater camera for this one, you wont believe the siaze of the sharks just feet beneath you. Going back to the hotel, the evenings were ok, but the entertainment was a little mundane. They tried to put a show on every night of dancing etc but it was much the same each evening. We just enjoyed going to the lobby cocktail bar where we never waited ever to be served and always had a glass in our hand. Elizabethythe waitress hovered around in the background and was there as soon as she saw you down your last mouthfull for a refill. The rooms were immaculate, cleaned each day with fresh sheets on the bed every other. Towels were refreshed daily as was the mini bar. Air conditioned it was always nice and cool on returning from a day out in the hot sun. All the staff without exception always wore a smile on their faces, never tired of assisting you in every way they could. We both had upset tummys a couple of times during the two weeks, nothing down to the hotel, just too much sun, drink, food etc we think. Kids would find it quiet at this hotel, not alot to offer them although there was a kids club on the site, dont know what they got up to there. Plenty of water sport activity in the beach area, diving, windsurfing, pedlos, kayaks etc. Nightlife outside the hotel main entrance consisted of a big square with a casino, disco and lots of bars. We think the bars were part of the all inclusive ticket, not sure, didnt venture out there. The only down side of the whole holiday for us was some of the Canadian guests. They seem to like to take over the area they are in, especially the younger ones in groups. If you were looking to lie by the pool and quiettlu read a book, this is not possible if a group of Canadians are at the swim up bar, they are loud, smoke in the pool, drink heavily and at times the language is offensive. Not withstanding the last bit, we would reccommend this resort to anyone, even with the Canadian Cabaret.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>carla&simon
<Content>Longing to go back! We stayed at the bahia last november after a terrible start to our holiday. We had booked to stay at the casa marina reef hotel in sosua originally. After a couple of hours we had to go and see the rep to get moved to another hotel. Having never been to the dominican before we had no idea of where he was planning to move us to. Thank god it was the bahia! ! We thought the hotel was to die for after entering the private gates. we felt secure and knew this hotel was the bees knees! I would recommend it to anyone. All rooms were the same but we stayed near to the beach snack bar which we found seemed to be close to everything. Food was brilliant and really clean, very few bugs about, we never got ill once. Beach was superb and the wave breakers made it easy to swim without getting knocked about. Word of warning to all those GHD freaks like me. They don't work over there as the power is minimum, I spent the whole two weeks with a perm! but after a few cocktails mid morning you dont sem to care anymore. Entertainment was good, get there early though if you want a seat it gets busy very quick. All a la carte restaurants were up to scratch especially the mediteranean. Mini bar in room with beers was very nice, just call room service if you run out and they will bring you some more beers. When you get there regardless of the weather use your umbrella card and blag one. Youll need it if it rains as they run out really quickly and everywhere is open plan so youll get soaked, over all a fab holiday, going back this november for second helpings.!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>CCK1019
<Content>A Love/Hate Resort Experience What is funny is that just about every instance mentioned in recent reviews, we encountered to some degree or another during our stay. And I know that if I started another sentence with well, a lot of the people on TripAdvisor said..., my husband was going to deck me.Anyway, I absolutely agree that the grounds of the resort are gorgeous and the facilities and rooms are kept in immaculate condition. We were very fortunate that we didn't encounter any major intestinal issues as some of you did (with the exception of some touch and go situations). But I will admit, I was a bit leery of how the food was prepared and set out. Hot food was never really that hot and the cold stuff was never that cold. The snack bar at the pool was especially worrisome as there are some things that are just not meant to sit out in 90 degree heat for hours at a time. (I starting taking acidopholus the week before we left and recommend it as a preemptive strike against any possible bad bacteria.)Everyone will undoubtedly find something to keep them from starving but I think we were a bit disappointed to find that we were at an all-inclusive resort and couldn't always satiate ourselves at mealtimes AND that we managed to come home skinnier than the way we left. (We did enjoy the Japanese and Mediterranean a la carte restaurants immensely --- service, quality, and atmosphere were perfect!)Ultimately this was a nice resort and they do make every attempt to be of service to their guests, even if it isn't 100% what you are used to. HOwever I can't say I would recommend it for anything more than having a place to go where you can lounge by the pool or on the beach and get some sun. If you are looking for a place to indulge your tastebuds and have absolute serenity, this is not the place for you.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>Cassava
<Content>Excellent Resort I just spent 1 week at the Gran Bahia Principe, Punta Cana. I recommend this resort to anyone. The service was 1st class, the staff was excellent. The food and beverages was excellent. Every area of the resort was well maintained and clean. and well organized.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Air-Transat-Sux!
<Content>Beautiful Resort       View of Beach  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>Papagaios
<Content>One Regret... Our only regret is for only going for 1 week and not 2 weeks!!!We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe from July 22nd to July 29th and we must say this was defintely a 10 out of 10 vacation!FOOD: We went to 3 a la carte restaurants, The Grill, The Italian and the French. We enjoyed all, but the service and food at the French restaurant was outstanding, a meal and service like that in Canada would cost us over $200 for sure! The buffet was amazing, the variety was great, there was always tons to choose from, even for picky eaters, such as my 4 year old. I'm a seafood lover and I was in heaven, my boyfriend on the other hand is allergic to seafood, and he always had plenty to choose from as well. The food is well cooked and has alot of flavour! Some dishes are different than what we're used to, but then again you're in the Dominican Republic, but they also cater to those who dare not to deviate from their boring day to day food by providing pizza, hot dogs and fries!ROOMS: The rooms are definately larger than your standard room. Always clean and cool! Our room consisted of a king size bed, and a day bed (twin mattress) that was perfect for our 4 year old. It had a mini bar that is well stocked everyday. A coffee machine. A sitting both inside and in the balcony, and the bathroom was gorgeous, all marble tile, and the tub is great! The satelite tv was also great with 32 channels to chose from.RESORT: The resort is breathtaking. From the grand entrance with sparkling floors to the beautiful furniture and centrepieces! The grounds are very well kept, beautiful flowers and plants perfectly groomed! Even the ashtrays/garbage cans are given special attention to by imprinting the logo in the sand!! It's perfectly manicured, nothing seems out of place!!! STAFF: The resort staff are always happy and in a good mood. Always trying to help you and attending to your every mood. $1 or $2 is absolutely nothing to you, but to these people it's a huge deal and they are very appreciative of it! The staff working at the a la carte restaurants have impecable serving skills, they are definately aware of all the do's and don'ts!! Our maid, Cecilia was truly an amazing lady, always in an excellent mood and so nice to us, our room was always immaculate and she always added to the carribean feeling by leaving our towels in beautiful shapes of animals, or hearts with beautiful red flowers... and either balloons or candies on my son's bed...POOLS/BEACH: The beach was beautiful. The shipwreck is a nice sight... There is little seaweed, but seaweed is actually healthy and not dirty! There's always plenty of loungers, and you can always find shade... but of course if you want a premium spot, go early! The beach is wavy but nice!The pools and surrounding areas are very clean and there's always plenty of loungers and shade.SHOWS/ACTIVITIES: There are nightly shows every night from 9 to 10 (with an earlier show for children), then there's live bands at the Pueblo Principe from 11 to midnight, and then you can always go to the disco. The pool area offers a variety of activities, from aquatic aerobics to bingo!CHILDREN: If you're travelling with children you'll be happy to know that every pool has a kiddie area. There's a Mini Club that works like a daycare, you can drop off your child where they'll be entertained by the nice english speaking staff. There's a playground and always a Kid Section at the buffet and kids menu at the a la carte restaurants. And the staff at the resort love children!!!RECOMMENDATIONS: If you want to buy souvenirs, definately buy at the resort, they offer much better prices and variety than at the airport. If you buy from the Bahia Principe street vendors, definately bargain with them, we bought 3 bracets, they started by asking $65 and we ended up buying them for $25, and could probably have gone lower, but we thought that was the worth price!We are truly surprised at the negative reviews on this resort, some of the complaints we've read in previews reviews were totally not valid or true as per our experience, for example: we did not see any moskitos at the resort, no ants or bugs in the room, no sewer smell, we didn't encounter any rude staff, and language was definately not a barrier, surprisingly some of the staff not only speak spanish, but also spoke english, french, german, italian, portuguese, which is alot more than some of us can speak!We highly recommend this resort, go and enjoy, you'll love it!Should you have any questions, we'd be pleased to answer them, email us at greeneyed123@hotmail.com.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sadieMASON20
<Content>Don't go if your the fun loving type... very boring. perfect for families We stayed at the hotel july 13 - 28.This hotel is brilliant if you are a family with children under 10 years old, for us (a couple on our own) it was boring and offensive. The beach is wonderful with beach bars and water sports and water taxis down to the nearby market (not worth the visit as all haggle stupidly high prices and all sell pretty much the same thing-unless you smoke, 拢11 / $20 for 200 is cheaper than the hotels shops) beach bars unfortunately shut at 4pm and they dont even serve the water after this.The room was really nice 7x7 square bed was a nice surprise and the maid kept it clean every day and decorated it with pretty towel art and fresh flowers daily (we didnt tip her until the end of our holiday and that was of all the change we kept). We had a few tiny ants but nothing to worry about. The air conditioning is brilliant-leave it on all day to walk into a fridge! clothes got quite damp though with the humidity, even in the wardrobe.The grounds are kept to a very high standard and clean. Theres a bus that goes up and down from the top to the bottom constantly which was helpful when your a little bit tired. it runs all nite too which is helpful if your staying near the beach after a night in the square.The pools are really nice and big we found we could get deck chairs around 10am but after 11 youve got no chance. pool bars were a great idea. the waiters come around the pools, and well everywhere really, asking if you would like a drink, which was really nice - they even bring trolleys with fresh fruit on now and then. the fruit is so soft.Pool entertainment wasnt brilliant, aerobics every day, excercising to the same songs every day which were released about 6 years ago. Learn salsa dancing - dont bother, you'll learn three steps on moday, learn the same three steps on the tuesday (and to the same music) and same again on wednesday, thursday..get my drift. we were blessed with the wonderful voice of shakkira and her new album three times every day (on repeat) and then to a spanish album, again on repeat. The welcoming song you arrive to on the coach soon begins to get under your skin as you hear it at the pools, the beach, the restaurants, the lobby, the bars, and its on the first channel when you turn the tv on!! you can even learn the dance if you wish.. (this would be great for kids) we saw water polo once and a beer drinking competition but thats all.we found the entertainment was very disorganised, and worst of all in spanish. there was no sort of tanoy telling you what was going on there were a few bulletin boards but they didnt really add up to the activities (and they didnt say where abouts). Evening entertainment (again if you have children under 10 they would love it, any age older or a couple like us would find it monotonous, boring and again disorganised.) they have 12 dancers on every night, pretty much dancing the same dances just to different music.. its nice to watch for a couple of nights but after 14 it gets boring, they dont even dance in time with each other. there was however a brilliant show on a friday night called UN TODO UN POCO this was really good-it was a glow in the dark show and was the best show of our holiday. the shows however were spoken in spanishfirst (obviously),then in fast broken english, then fast broken french, then fast broken german. so it was hard to understand what was going on.The barmen/women were really friendly but there is a strong language barrier, if they cant understand you they will move on and ignore you, more than likely to serve a spanish person, which is highly irritating. you could be queing and waiting patiently for 10 minutes when a spanish talking person will shout over every one and tell the waiter what they want to drink and that they want to be served next. so they are. the hotel is extremely spanish orientated, if you are anything but spanish dont bother going. we got infuriated to the point that we wanted to leave because of it. once we asked for a vodka and orange (which is pronounced bodka) and the bloke stated to mop the floor! we asked for a coconut liquor and pineapple juice and we got a glass of coke and a glass of pineapple juice. made you want to pull your hair out.The restaurant meals are nice and the service is to the best of their knowledge (not up to our english standards but still good) you do get the feeling however though that the staff are exploited but still loved their jobs. The buffets were also good, plenty to go around, however did feel a little concerned about the flys-lots around on the food. the hotel have a set routine at night for you to follow: The lobby - where an annoying stevie wonder look-a-like plays the same songs every night in the same order with the same backing music for every single song. 7pm-11pmThen you move round to the theatre to watch a show. 9.30-10.45Then you move to the outdoor square where you can listen to even more spanish music and still not understand what's going on as it is all in spanish, though you can dance the merengue with a memeber of entertainment staff. 10pm-12pmThen you can move on to the disco for two hours of even more spanish music.you can dance the merengue but a bit faster. they will play 1english song for you if they understand you but then its straight back to good old spanish.and best of all its on for a whole 2 hours!! woohoo! 12am-2amif you dont want to do this routine you can go to the karaoke bar, dont think of singing though as the english book has 15 pages with about 8 dvds, of which 4 were broken, scratched or worse - snapped in half! thats if the system is working in the first place. its open till 2am but you cant sing after midnight as the machine mysteriously stops working.or you can go to the casino, play on one of the 4 tables and buy your drinks.The evening entertainment really DISSAPOINTED us. we were hoping to have a relaxing day on the beach, fun around the pool, a nice meal and then a night of fun filled entertainment. We were let down, we did get a nice day on the beach and a nice meal in nice grounds but not much more. Overall, we wouldnt go back and we certainly wouldnt reccommend it if you were like us. families would be ok. wouldnt advise to take teenagers though.oh, and as a last message, probably most important of all TAKE LOTS OF ANTI-DIAREAH TABLETS WITH YOU. every thing is made with coconut milk which is a natural laxative!!!!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Lecker
<Content>Just wonderful! I am Portuguese and I stayed in GBP Bavaro since 25/6 to 03/7.I went on my honeymoon and it was outstanding. Everything was just how you can dream or imagine it.Trip:From Lisbon to Punta we spend about 8 hours of flight. A normal trip without any stress.We arrived at the airport about 23:00. Be prepared of 99% of humidity. Forget the jackets or pants. That place it鈥檚 so hot!!!The transfer to the hotel was fast, about 20min by bus. No complains about the bus driver. How it was late, the check-in was made in the bus. When we left the bus we already knew witch room was ours.Room:Very nice, clean and big enough. King size bed. Air-conditioned worked in perfection. The bathroom was also very nice. Everyday we had flowers on the bed and bathroom. We only tipped the maid twice with 5 and 3 USD. We hadn鈥檛 ocean or pool view, but had a nice view of green gardens.Gardens:Only 2 words...Just Beautiful!!Workers:Learn to say this: Buenos Diaz. If you say this you get everything. They love someone from outside talking their language. All them are very nice, and they work very hard to keep this has one of the best hotels in PC. We never tipped the bartenders and they still were very pleasant to us, always with a smile. Try Mama Juana...its PODEROSO (powerful local drink).Food:Imagine that you go to a marriage every day, during a week. At the beginning everything its good and fantastic. At the end you cant see and kind of food. You have food 24 hours a day at this hotel. The buffet has many choices, and it was for us, the best one.We tried 4 a la carte restaurants:Jap: good, but nothing special.Grill: Very nice, relaxing, good meat.Piscis: Best one. At the beach, relaxing sea sound, sunset. Great grilled fish and meat.Italian: Very good also.Pool:Very clean, big, with many animation. The bars at the pool are magnificent.Beach:The water is worm, no waves, and light blue. The sand is with and the only vegetation its palms. We always got up about 10:00, and we always found chairs at the beach and pool with no stress.If you want to do some included activity here, book it early, because you will have to wait 1 or 2 days.Excursions, we went to:Saona - 75eur (1 day): 3 hours of bus, 3 hours on a big boat with music and drinks. Waiting for you was a beach just like the one that you have at the Hotel. At the return you have 40min on a high-speed boat, a bus stop to buy some souvenirs and another 3 hours bus. Doesn鈥檛 worth the money.Swim with Dolphins 60eur (half day): 10min of bus to Manati Park. We saw a parrot show, horse show, crocodile and at least...the dolphins. This was till now, one of the moments more special in my life. Me and my wife loved it. You get in a pool with 3 dolphins. They make 4 or 5 exercises with you, including a kiss and a hug. Just...no words!Animation:At the pools and beach you have music and activities all day. Overall:We choose this hotel just because what we had read about here in tripadvisor. We read about many hotels, and this one, hadn鈥檛 many bad reviews...so we choose it, and I鈥檓 glad we did it.7 magnificent days! GBP it is absolutely a spectacular spot to spend your holidays if you want: relax, do absolutely nothing, enjoy with your family, eat and drink quite well. This is a family or honeymoon hotel, singles will not feel ok here...I think. Hope this review helps you to decide.Feel ok to make me any questions to brsilva@netvisao.pt PS - sorry my English :)  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MariaHa
<Content>Travelled extensively and the Bahia is one of the best My 12 year old daughter and I spent the first 2 weeks of July at the Bahia and loved it. One of the last places we stayed at was the Paradisius in the Mayan Riviera and the Bahia is very comparable to it.Yes the hotel shop was expensive but what do you expect.The food and availability of the 9 gourmet restaurants was fantastic. You could book up until 3 o'clock that afternoon.We were part of the Gold club and loved that we were so close to the beach. Also when it came to the trolley service we were at one end and never had to wait more than a couple of minutesThe one thing that totally impressed me was that the main buffet was air conditioned and therefore not in open air. Also with all the travelling that I have done I have never seen so many times that lobster tails were served in the main buffet. We also had roasted turkey that they were carving in front of you. They also had sliced prosciutto one night with various cheeses. I have never seen a more extensive buffet before. Being part of the gold club we had our own concierge and any minor problem we had it was remedied immediately. We also recieved house coats and slippers in our room which was an added bonus to our package. I have been all over the Caribbean and I will be back to the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tripping2
<Content>Had to write................. I don't normally write, but after seeing some of the reviews posted, I felt the need to share our experience. We stayed here for the last week of May and had a GREAT time. Villa 14 was our home for a week with quick access to the pool where the bartenders and entertainment staff were Awesome! The pool was super warm and the music was great. We even purchased the CD so we could listen to it at home. Our maid was Excellent always leaving us pretty flowers and towel art everyday. We ate at the Gourmet, Steakhouse and Seafood A la Cartes and enjoyed each one. The service was a bit slow at the Steakhouse, but we were not in a hurry to go anywhere else so it really didn't matter. The front desk staff were always helpful and the lobby served the best drinks. The lobby staff were always so happy and friendly as they refilled our drinks.The beach is beautiful with its white sand and gentle waves. Enjoy the paddle boats or a walk along the long stretch of beach and you won't be disappointed. A holiday is what you make of it. Previous reviews where ther has been complaining about a slippery area around the pool is not something that we would even notice - guess what, our deck is slippery around our pool at home too - Imagine? A small Casino - well we don't go there to gamble - we are there for the sun, beach and relaxation so again this is not something we would consider a negative of our holiday.Now had we shown up and been taken to a shack in the bush, with no running water and rice for a week we might have something negative to say about this place. Considering we were shuttled to a beautiful junior suite with a pool view, king size bed, running water (OK you can't drink it), but that little fridge in your room stocked with beer, water and pop helps when you have a thirst on. Being able to get up everyday to beautiful sunshine and sit on the white sandy beach listening the ocean waves just does some wonderful to the human spirit.Not having to cook or do dishes for a week was an added bonus for me and basically not doing without for a week sure topped the holiday for us! If you are conisdering this hotel, you WILL NOT BE disappointed. Go and Enjoy!! We sure did!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>claire47
<Content>Beautiful resort-sad to leave We stayed at the bahia principe punta cana from july 12-19 and we had an awesome time. we went down to punta cana for a family vacation. last year our family stayed at the bahia principe tulum in riviera maya, mexico and we loved that vacation, but by far this resort in punta cana is a lot nicer. but both resorts i would go back to in an instantFOOD- The food is very good considering that you are at an all inclusive resort. One plus is that the main buffet is air conditioned. every night at the dinner buffet they had new and different food to choose from. each night they also had a different theme like american or dominican food. there is something at the buffet for everyone. they have a kids a corner with kid friendly food and then they also have chefs making you your own pasta, fish, or steak. the waitors and waitresses working at the buffet are very nice and they get your drinks for you right away. you do not have to tip, but they really appreciate a dollar or two. if you go for a week vacation you get 3 a la carte restuarants to go to. we chose to go the the garden grill(steak house), the italian restaurant and the japanese. the japanese restaurant is very cool since they cook the food right in front of you. they start off by giving everyone a plate of sushi and then a plate of deep fried vegetables. then the cook cooks fish, chicken, beef, shrimp, rice, and vegetables on the grill. the food was very good but if you are a picky eater then it might not be a good idea to eat at this restaurant. the only thing that we did not like about this restuarant was after you were done eating your meal they moved oyu to a seperate area to have dessert, we felt rushed at this restuarant. the italian was also delicious and the garden grill was also very very good. also the drinks that oyu get at the buffet, lobby bar, snack bar, or pool bar are not cheap on the licor at all.GROUNDS- AMAZING!!!! i have never seen more beautiful flowers or shrubbery in my life. everywhere that you turn there are bright and colorful flowers, bushes, and palm trees. it gives the resort a very elegant feeling. after stopping at different resorts when going on excursions, the bahia principe definately looked the nicest.ROOMS- gorgeous! the entire bathroom is made of marble and the water pressure for the shower is very strong and the room itself is very clean and very nicely decorated. the maids do a very nice job of cleaning the rooms leaving you towel art and/or flowers and flower petalsBEACH- they had the prettiest beach i have ever seen in my life. the beach area is very clean with little seaweed. the sand is very soft and white and the waves are not strong. there are many things to do at the beach like volleyball, kayaking, windsurfing, banana boats, speed boats, parasailing, and much much more. my daughter and my husband went kayaking out to the famous ship there and they said that it was fun and had a breath taking view. we also did the banana boat which was also fun. it was 10 dollars a person for 10 minutes which is pretty resonable and we stayed out for longer then the 10 minutes. also if you like walking the beach there is a flea market about 25 minute walk to get there along the beach(when looking at the beach walk down towards the right). if you want to buy something, that is the place to go because they will sell things to you for very cheap. they sell painting, jewlery, pottery, clothes, and much more.STAFF- staff was very nice, they were always smiling and always williing to help you. some of the staff does not know how to speak that much english so sometimes it can be a little difficult to communicate with them what you want.EXCURSIONS- we did the outback safari and the saona island. the outback safari was 79 dollars a person and you get to go through a typical domincan home, see crocs and iguanas, visit public schools, and at the end go boogie boarding which was extremely fun. you get to see a lot of the real domincan republic on this trip. the saona island trip is very relaxing and you go to one of the most beautiful beaches in the world. You are taken to this island on a catameran( hour and 45 minute trip) and then when oyu are at the beach you have lunch, swim, dance, sun bathe, play volleyball or pretty much do whatever you want. then when you are leaving the beach you leave on a speed boat and you go to another beach spot where you get to see and touch star fish. if you go on this excursion bring bug spray with you! this trip was about 89 dollars a person and it was an all day trip. both excursions were very nice and well worth the money.So if oyu are thinking about going to punta cana i would for sure recommend the bahia principe punta cana. we all loved it so much and we would return in an instant. i hope this review helps you to make your decision.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mango2004
<Content>Recommend 110%!               
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HeatherandJay
<Content>8 Days in Paradise! My boyfriend and I just returned from the Bahia Principe after an 8 day stay (7/8-7/15). This place is wonderful, ignore all the bad reviews! We started off like everyone else, reading the reviews and getting scared of what we were going to encounter. BUT there was nothing to worry about at all :). We booked through Apple, and the whole experience with them was great. They pick you up at the airport and from the hotel in an air conditioned van. They also have a representative on site to tell you about excursions and things to do at the resort.About the resort:When we arrived we were upgraded (for free!) to the golden club, building 24. This was very nice because we were near the beach, and we were given beach towels each day in the room.The room was beautiful, very clean and the maid did a great job everyday. She left towel animals and flowers after each cleaning. She also turned down the bed at night. We left her a tip each day. The only two complaints about the room was the ants, which are very tiny, and seem to love the bathroom sink, and the half glass shower door. This tended to make a mess if you weren't careful about where the water sprayed.We thought the food was really good. We tried 4 restaurants, Le Gourmet (great!), El Charro (not so great), Le Mediterrano (nice) and The Garden Grill (also wonderful). The buffets were good, especially the lobby buffet. That was the biggest and nicest of the buffets. There was always something to eat, even for picky eaters, and there was always island specialties (like paella). The service in all the restaurants (except El Charro) was far better than anything you will find in the states. Everyone is very eager to please, and they really appreciate when you give them a dollar or two for a tip.The drinks are strong! Especially at the snack bar on the beach, the rum punch is half rum and half punch, so beware getting drunk while laying in the sun! We drank so many pina coladas and rum punch. You must try the rum punch, it is definately worth it.During the week we went to the beach, which was great. The sand is golden to white, depending on where you walk, and the water was turquoise blue. Yes there is some seaweed, but it's the ocean, do you expect the resort to clean the ocean? They do clean the beach each morning, and there is hardly any seaweed on the sand. Most of the time we could see our feet and the ocean bottom even when we were out over our heads. The water is always pretty warm (especially when you are used to CT shoreline water!). And there were plenty of palapas available, even at 1:00 in the afternoon! If you just walk to the left of the snack bar you will find plenty of available shade. We never once got to the beach before 12 in the afternoon, and we never had a problem finding a palapa.I can't comment on the pool, we never went swimming there, it was always packed to maximum capacity.Word of warning, please bring at least SPF 30 or you will burn after one day of sun. I still got tan even with the SPF 30 on.We only did one excursion, the ATV adventure. It was fun, they brought us to an abandoned resort, the spot where the Caribbean meets the Atlantic and to see where Shakira, Julio Iglesias and Oscar De LaRenta live. It was a very dusty trip, so be prepared to get dirty. But it was a good time and had photo opportunities that you can't find at the resort.There is a courtyard where vendors sell their wares. They are pushy, but most are pretty nice and you can get them down in price with some haggling. I am a sucker and didn't get them as low as I probably could've, but they are poor and could probably use the money anyways. :) The native stone, larimar, is very pretty, worth buying a necklace or earrings. In the courtyard they also have a stage where bands play each night, a small casino and a night club. We never went to the night club, so I can't say how that is.The resort is big, but there are trams for those who don't want to walk. We hardly ever rode the trams, we mostly walked and enjoyed the scenery. It really isn't a far walk from the beach to the lobby, only about 10 minutes. We also brought off, but never needed it, there were no mosquitos to be found. (or at least they didn't like us :)Overall this is really a great hotel. We switched hotels 3 times before staying with this one and I'm glad we did. Not once was any staff mean or ungrateful, each person did their best to accomodate everyone. Take it from me, a completely paranoid person, this place is worth it. :)Any questions please feel free to email me-billings222002@yahoo.com  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paulheale
<Content>What a wonderful time My husband daughter and I have just arrived back from a two week stay at The Bahia Principe, we have had a wonderful time. We can鈥檛 fault any part of it, the whole complex is spotlessly clean. The food although sometime not what we were used to, was always of a very high standard, with plenty of choice, there was always something for everyone. We made use of the Mexican, Italian, Steak House and Japanese restaurants, which were all very pleasant. All of the staff, maids, gardeners, waitresses whoever, were always polite and friendly.It was our daughter鈥檚 16th birthday while we were there. On the day, balloons were left in the room, we had also asked for a birthday cake to be brought out to her during our evening meal, which was done along with many of the staff singing to her. It made her day that bit special.If we had to find fault, it would only be that perhaps the evening entertainment could be slightly better, but that is no major complaint.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>awesome time!!! i stayed at the gran bahia principe from june 17-24. there were 4 of us who went. in the past 2 years, my mom and i have gone to cancun, mexico, varadero, cuba, and las vegas. let me break down the trip for you:POOLS-very nice. we planned to go to the pool at some point of the trip, but never got around to it. we were in the middle of the resort, so we had 2 pools right in front of our villa.RESTAURANTS- we booked club diamond through sunquest, so we got 4 a la cartes instead of the regular 3. we did the steakhouse, japanese, italian, and french. the french restaurant was AMAZING, but small portions. my mom was jokingly bitter about that, lol. the japanese restaurant was good too. the italian was a disappointment, and the steakhouse was not good at all. overall, the french restaurant was the best. the buffet had great food, and i can't understand why people would complain. unless you eat at your local burger king 24/7 and aren't used to different food. open your mind!!! so much to choose from! and keep your eyes open for the mangoes, they go very quickly! a waiter was nice enough to give one of the people in my party 2 WHOLE mangoes! now that's great service! the smell that everyone complains about isn't sewage. it's from the sea. my mom grew up in jamaica, so she knows. the smells hits you at first, but goes away instantly. try the COCO LOCOS!!! YUM!!! that was my drink of choice for the week!!!ROOMS-we stayed in villa 31, which is smack in the middle of the resort. the couple we went with had a room that overlooked the exclusive pool. whew! what a view! our room was great. two of the lights weren't working, but that was fixed. the minibar wasn't as cold as i had liked, but my mom reminded me that we're in the carribean, and they don't get as cold as north america. not to worry, there's only about a million bars on this resort, lol! never stayed at a resort that provides you with shoe shine sponges!!! the shower was interesting. the glass goes half way, so instead of facing the shower head like you normally do, i just turned around and faced the door. less chance of having a wet floor that way.THE GROUNDS-oh my god! now, i've seen the pics on here, and it doesn't do justice to the hotel unless you are actually there. it was absolutely BEAUTIFUL. all 4 of us were more than impressed. it's true that the resort is huge, but doesn't feel that way at all. from our villa to the lobby was about 5 minutes, and the beach was about a 10 minute walk. we used the shuttles only twice during the entire week.SERVICE- overall, it was great! i would like to acknowledge wildi from the buffet(this guy is HILARIOUS, you can't miss him!), hector from the italian restaurant(such a sweetie!), josefina from the lobby bar, carlos manager of the buffet, elizabeth, our housekeeper,ramon from the punta cana side's lobby bar, and abel(sp?) our sunquest rep. they made our stay very enjoyable! most of the staff speak english. but people please, take the time to learn some basic spanish phrases. it does help, and the staff get a kick out of you trying out your spanish on them. the only thing that put a damper on our trip servicewise was the mgmt from the punta cana side's gift shop. she constantly followed us around as if we were gonna steal. she made no secret about that. do NOT shop there. we felt like criminals, and i put in a complaint to reception. the next night we went in, no problem. maybe it was her day off, lol. but the pros far outweigh the cons, so we just kept to the bavaro side of the hotel.TRIPS- we went to soana island, bavaro runners, and santo domingo. saona island was nothing but pure relaxation. if you use the bathrooms there, please tip the lady who's job is to flush the toilet for you after you use it. it's a 2 hour boat ride there with drinking and dancing, so bring along your dramamine if you're prone to motion sickness. i'm glad i brought mine. mexico was a learning experience. bavaro runners was an interesting trip into the countryside. DO NOT throw anything at the kids running behind the trucks. if it lands on the street and they run after it, that's an accident waiting to happen. if you have AMOS as your tour guide, you are in VERY good hands! he is the best tour guide i've had to date! it also helps if you have a good group on the trip. take the time to chat with other people in your group! santo domingo was great. lots of history. but rest up for the 4 hour bus ride cuz your bus will come to get you at 6am.we also did some shopping at the bavaro shopping plaza, and el cortesito. these are small, yet beautiful places to go, have a few drinks and do some shopping. don't worry too much about the vendors. if they start to bug you, keep looking straight and keep walking.all in all, it was a great stay at this hotel! half the we had rain, but that was no big deal. please go to DR with an open mind, and don't become a vacation snob. not everything is gonna be perfect, so relax and don't get stressed over little things. save the stress for when you get home, lol. carry all of your valuables with you, or lock it in your suitcase to avoid any mishaps. we did that and had no problems. out of all the hotels we've stayed at, this was the best one. would recommend it to anyone!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bring Pepto-Bismol I read a lot from Trip Advisor prior to our flight, but booked way before. My aunt had been to the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana before and raved about it. Hence the reason we decided to go. We visted Bahia Principe from July 10th to the 17th.Let's first start off by saying that I have read many things about this place and before going, I didn't want to believe the bad things stated about it and therefore, either ignored them or rated them as if they didnt help me. Granted, this place was a BEAUTIFUL resort, but don't judge such a book by it's cover for within is what matters.The weather is beautiful. If the forecast calls for rain, do NOT cancel your plans. Instead, realize you are in the carribean. If it rains, it pours and only for 10-15 minutes tops. Enjoy the pool in the meantime. Hey, you're wet anyway, right? Why run for cover.The maids, waiters and anyone who worked there was extremely helpful. They sang along with the music and seemed to LOVE what they did. A dollar tip went along way. My favorite drink was the Banana Mamma, Although it tasted better with no liquor. Another great alcoholic drink is the Blue Hawaii. I found out about it because it was the Drink of the Day. I tried EACH drink of the day, Blue Hawaii was the best and isn't good unless it comes with the liquor it is meant to be with.The rooms are clean, the maid does a wonderful job with the presentation. The flower and towel decorations was done nicely. We had 3 families present and had 5 rooms. Room 17110, 18102, 18105, 18203, and 18204. Each BUT the 17110 had a KING SIZED bed!117110 had two full sized beds. The water was nice and hot when needed and cold when desired. Nothing seemed wrong. No problems with Mosquitoes.18102 had a problem with ants as does all 1st floor rooms. They seem to have parties in the bathrooms. 18105 no problems.18203's AC didn't work too well. We called someone to come fix it and all they did was change the filter. Thanks for nothing.18204 had a BIG mosquito problem. I must have killed over 25 in a 2 day period.If you notice on the walls, there are bound to be mosquito guts because maids don't clean the walls.YOU CANNOT, LET ME REPEAT, CANNOT DRINK ANY OF THE WATER IN THE ROOM.Out of 11 people in my group, 6 got sick. Out of those 6, two got terribly sick. One had to go to the clinic where over 30 people were. There were cihldren being sent to hospitals and adults being put on IVs (IntraVenus shots).All 6 members of the party had green diarehha and green vomit. We never knew what caused it.I suggest any AMERICAN who is going to the BAHIA to visit their doctor to tell them of your plans. They should prescribe some sort of Amoxycillian to you prior because you WILL need it. Hence why the title of this review is Bring Pepto- Bismol.We, as 6 people who got sick and another 3 who felt nauseus the entire vacation, Pepto Bismol was our friend. And at a dollar a pill, i suggest you bring it from home where they are priced more reasonablly.One night, my sister got so sick that I called the doctor. They told me they were on their way and would be there in 5 minutes.... they NEVER showed up. My sister could have been dying and they would have never came to help. The pool was decent. The water was cool in one pool and VERY warm in the one with the swim up bar. Children usually hung out near the bar, which turned it off completely for an adult like myself. -- I cannot tell you about the golden guest pool, we werent Golden members. Pool is clean, they try their best to take away cups from the perimeter. A lot of children got sick because they usually have a tendancy to open their mouth in the pool. Because of the heat, Chlorine dissapates quickly and urine is left in the pool. That alone equals not safePool activites were at an all time low. Water Aerobics was decent sometimes and extremely boring and uneffective at others. I saw ONE pool game being played the whole week, water polo. I didnt see any organized game after that.The floor ARUOND the pool is EXTREMELY EXTREMELY slippery. Please, watch everywhere you walk. I am a heavy set person and I fell on one of the steps and hit my tailbone. Lucky for me, An ADVIL helped, anyone else would haev probably needed more aid. I saw many people with broken arms and some in crutches and wheelchairs due to the slippiness of the floor around the pool.The ocean water is dirty. You cannot go one place on the beach where there isnt seaweed. You will always come back with at least one piece of seaweed in your bathing suit. I expected to be able to see my feet when in the water since we are in the Carribean Sea, but to no avail. I could never see my feet due to the mucky water and the seaweed.I suggest you go VERY early to get a lounge chair if you want one with an umbrella. Even after 7am, they are gone anda fter 10am, all lounge chairs are taken. The ramps next to the steps are not RAMPS most of us are used to. If you are in a wheelchair, make sure you haev someone VERY strong to carry you up the ramps because they are EXTREMELY steep.Now, onto the food. The buffet food, plain and simple, was horrible. The selection was minimal. I lived on white rice, pizza and french fries during buffet. No matter if the buffet was on the beach, near the pool or at the lobby, it was always the same, even during dinner. This upset me. Sometimes, they did have really nice food, but that was rare.We decided to try the Seafood, Japanese and French resturaunt.The french resteraunt was maticulous. The staff was phenominal. Very posh resteraunt and they did all they can to make your dinner lovely. The soup I had needed salt, and my Filet Mignon dinner was wonderful.The Japanese Resturaunt was my favorite. I loved how we watched our waiter cook our food. He did neat tricks and tried his best to entertain us. Sake wasnt on the menu, but we asked for it and they had it. So we got some. They do rush you to eat dinner, but I didnt feel TOO rushed as I am a fast eater. After dinner, they bring you to another place in the resturaunt for desert. I had the fried icecream. The outershell was a bit moist, but I thought it was delcious none the less.The seafood resturaunt had calamari, shrimps, and a assortment of fishes and shell fish. I do nto LIKE seafood, so I ate the Beef. It was a bit overcooked and TOO thin for a Filet Mignon, but I enjoyed the healthy sides of Brocolli, sauteed onions and cabbage.You CAN go to the Mexican and Seafood resterautn for lunch without reservations, but you must be dressed and NOT in a bathing suit.The lobby store is VERY overpriced. The coffee is the only thing that isnt. So if you are planning to buy coffee for friends and family at home, buy it at the lobby store and NOT the airport. We made taht mistake.The market where outsiders can sell you their products bothered me a bit. They are VERY pushy and always want you to come on over. But they annoyed me alot so I walked AROUND the outer parts of them instead of in them.The casino was VERY small. It looked big in pictures, but it was small in reality. They only had 4-5 play statios with Roulette, BlackJack, and Poker and slots. I had fun in their for what it was worth, but I would have loved to have more. Their water isnt filtered, which was a big problem for me. Why couldnt they filter their water is beyond me. Bavaro, another resort, filters their water. Bahia Principe, which is a newer resort, shouldnt of even questioned weather or not to filter their hotels water. The band at thepool and beach LOVED to repeat Music. I, in total, heard about 15 songs throughout the week. I heard The TITANIC theme song by Celine Dion around 7 times a day. If not more.The one man band in the lobby was TOO loud. I would have prefered him to be a bit quieter and left the loud music for the club. I had to scream to speak to someone right next to me. He too only plaid a total of 4 songs about 3 times a night. He never changed his music, it was the same 4 songs. The card key to open the rooms NEVER worked. I replaced my card 2 times. Other people replaced theirs at least 3. Since some rooms are VERY far away from the lobby (I was lucky to have mine closer), imagine going back and forth on that trolly just to see if your card worked and realized later that it didn't. The trolly was ALWAYS available at its ports whcih is one near the beach and the other near the lobby. Others had to wait 2-5 minutes for a trolly to go their way. Since i was RIGHT near the lobby, I was lucky enough to always haev a trolly readily available. I wouldnt suggest this place. Yes, I made the best out of what I had, but I wish that they offered better food, nicer music and cleaner water. I will NEVER visit the Domican Republic ever again. If any of you reading this have been to the Palladium resort in Mexico, you will be very dissapointed with the Bahia Principe because they dont even compare.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Good, The Bad and The Ugly Just retrurned from the Bahia on July 17. We were three families for a total of 11 people. 9 out of 11 had various levels of illness ranging from stomach upset to full blown vomiting and diarreah. The Good- The resort is very beautiful and well andscaped . The employees at the resort were very nice and really tried hard to please you. The trolley car was always available to take you back and forth. We never had to wait longer than a minute or two.The Bad - The food was not to our standards and not kept to a safe level of refrigeration on the buffets by the beach and pool. It was impossible to keep the flies and mosquitoes off. While there was a wide variety of food none of it was quality. It would have been helpful if the signs gave a small description of what the native dishes were made with for allergy purposes, etc.There was no organizaiton as far as daily activities. Unless you made a special trip to the bulletin board near the beach and pool, we never really knew what was going on from hour to hour or day to day. The main beach area was horribly filled with seaweed and made swimming totally unenjoyable. It was nearly impossible to get a lounge chair under a palapa unless you reserved your chair at the crack of dawn and when your on vacation, the last thing we wanted to do was to rush in the morning. We found out too late that the beach was far better where the volleyball courts were. The casino I would not call a casino. It was pretty much a game room.The Ugly - As I said, 9 of 11 of us were sick to various degrees and unfortunately lived on rice and bread, therefore, leaving the rest of us unfortuantely, totally paranoid to eat anything out of the ordinary. The lobby shop was ridiculously overpriced for something as simple as Pepto Bismal. The onsite clinic when we were there was standing room only so obviously we were not alone.While we all really tried hard to enjoy ourselves, it was really difficult under these circumstances. We will not be back.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice resort Random thoughts! My wife and I stayed at the Bahia July 7-14. We've been to Riviera Maya (Gala Playacar) and Punta Cana (Riu Bambu) last year. I feel obligated to write this review because we became addiicted to this site prior to this recent trip. We found this resort to be better than our trip last year to the neghboring Riu.Food was definitely better with much greater variety. (we don't expect much from all inclusive's) Breakfast and lunch were pretty much the same everyday, but we never tired of it because of its better quality than Riu. The dinners, whether buffet or a la carte was WAY better. (and Air conditioned!) This resort is Huge, really too big for my liking and probably would choose a smaller one next year, the pool area was very crowed. We liked the elegance of the lobbly/bar and rooms and the grounds were almost immaculate. My wife and I are morning people and each day we were out of our room at 7am to walk the great beach. We had no problem saving our palapa at this time, however, we weren't the first ones out at this time. To save a palapa at the beach pools was nearly impossible at this time. Even the chairs unshaded were being saved and gone by 8 or 9 am. To be fair, the pool in the middle of the complex was under repair and we think this may have caused some of this overcrowding, but we aren't sure. We could only use the pool at 8am and later at@4-5pm. The ocean was like last year....not as clear as Mexico, the waves were very sandy making the water kind of unclear. There was a lot of sea weed that we had to swim around, but still the sand is awesome. The entertainment was more plentiful than other resorts. The shows are very amateur. But the Bahia had live music in the lobby as well the Pueblo area with the house band who were pretty good. We missed Albita, who evidently is a popular Cuban singer who has had some Grammy nominations for tropical music. This show started way past our bedtime! I have to mention that we both got sick and I am just getting over this after being home 2 days already. I wish I knew what got me...water...food? Fruit? I have to say that I have a senstive stomach and I seem to get sick at these resorts. We found this resort to definitly be the best weve been to. We didn't use the in room safe, instead we bought a tumbler type lock and used it on our one piece of luggage. After the 1st day at the beach, I came back and noticed all 3 numbers to be on zero. (default combination at purchase) I have a good feeling that someone tried to open it, so please beware! I didn't suspect our maid, rather perhaps the one who brought in the 2 t shirts and bottle of rum that were given to us for our 23rd anniversary. We had the same maid for all 7 days and she was very sweet. (we tipped her everyday as well as left her a small gift...make-up or chocolates) We got flowers everyday! On our last day after the beach, we would jump in the pool...in this short time someone stole our hotel towel. The front desk gave us another pool card, but we were told to be more careful and guard our towels (they will charge the next time $20) so beware! Lot's of families with young kids, again I would prefer my next resort to be more couples. We really liked this resort and our only real complaint is probably some of the rude people who cut in line...this happens all the time in the buffet lines and all the time in most all inclusives. Don't hesitate to choose this hotel over other ones in Punta Cana unless you share similar concerns as I have.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dstar816
<Content>Awesome My boyfriend and I (we're in our 20's) visited the resort in June 2006. Let me just say, I would recommend this resort to anyone. The room was gorgeous and the maid kept it very clean. When we arrived in our room, we had been left towel art, balloons, t-shirts, a fruit basket, and a bottle of Dominican rum. The service was excellent in all aspects. All of the employees we encountered were very friendly, and many of them love to entertain, especially the bartenders. You're not required to tip, but we did tip the maid $2 every day, $1 whenever the mini bar needed to be replenished, a dollar here and there for bartenders we had more than once, and a dollar or two at dinner. We also tipped the bellboys - They even call and ask what time you will need a bellboy on your checkout day. So overall, service and the room - excellent.Our travel agent recommended that we reserve a room in the Club Golden section, which is the closest to the beach. We had an ocean view from our balcony, which a lot of the rooms in the resort do not have. It was also a very short distance to the largest and nicest pool. Club Golden also gets you free room service, private check-in  check-out, free internet use, an extra dinner reservation, and beach towels delivered to your room daily. It is not much more expensive than the other clubs, and I would definitely recommend that if you have the option to, book a room in Club Golden.The beach and water are absolutely gorgeous. There is a shipwreck out in front of the resort, and the resort has free use of watersports, so we kayaked out to the shipwreck. The pools by the beach are the best. The resort grounds are very well kept and nicely landscaped for it being a fairly new resort. We didn't have any problem w/ mosquitos, but there is a wildlife preserve within the resort and a couple staying in the building next to it said that they had encountered a lot of mosquitos. All the common areas are grandly decorated in island decor. I was very impressed. They use lots of marble and tile and really go all out. They also have trams running all the time to take you from place to place. Food - We liked the food. I was a bit worried before we went that my boyfriend would not be too fond of the food, but he actually ended up liking it too. Almost every morning for breakfast, we ate at the Seafood restaurant. They have a smaller version of the regular buffet. They had some odd breakfast items (by American standards), but we found plenty of things we liked. Try the passion fruit juice! For lunch everyday, we grabbed some food at the Snack Bar by the beach. They had a lot of American themed food - hamburgers, hot dogs, pizza, french fries, pasta, etc, but the fresh fruits were the best. For dinner, we ate at the buffet a few times. They have themed nights, and we always found something we liked. We were supposed to have 4 reservations, but we missed our 4th because we got back from our excursion too late. We ate at the Japanese restaurant (very good), the Gourmet restaurant (good also - French cuisine), and the Seafood restaurant (Tim liked his meal (Salmon) but I did not like mine (Shrimp  Fish Turbans)). Like I said, the food was good, but we were a bit homesick for American food by the end of the week.Entertainment - During the day, there's lots to do. Our favorite activity was lounging at the pool by the beach and hanging out at the swim-up bar. They had various activites at the pools, some of which were a little corny but fun to watch. In the evening, they have shows that start at 8 or 9 and are more child oriented. The lobby bar makes the best drinks (try a dirty monkey or a coco loco!) and is open til 11pm. After that, everything moves to the Pueblo Principe. The have themed nights also - different types of entertainment like Dominican dancers or Cuban singers, and of course they keep the drinks coming. At Pueblo Principe, they also have a lot of shops and vendors. We preferred the shops, because the vendors seemed to pressure you. There is also a casino and a disco there, neither of which we went to. I speak some Spanish, but most of the staff speaks at least some English, so it was easy to communicate. Many of the guests when we were there were either Hispanic or European, so you will hear a variety of languages being spoken on the resort. Last thing - You meet with a representative of your tour company on your 2nd day there who tells your some important info (like that it's OK to drink the water that is served to you on the resort, but don't drink from the faucets). The tour rep. also gives you options of excursions you can take. Our tour rep., Johnny, was awesome and so friendly! We did the Saona Island excursion. You leave at 7:15 am (our driver was 25 mins late though) and take a 2 hour bus ride north. It was very interesting to see the countryside and the towns. Our tour guide told stories and informed us a lot about how Dominicans live. A tip - use the bathroom on the bus, because you will not want to use the one in the town you stop in to get on the speedboat. The speedboat takes you to the 'natural swimming pool', where you can stand in crystal clear water 3 or 4 miles off the shore. Then they take you to Saona Island where you get to swim, relax, and have a Dominican lunch. Bring bug spray though, because there were lots of yellowjackets. The island was amazingly beautiful. They then take you back on a slow ride on a catamaran and finally another 2 hour bus ride. We didn't get back until 7:30 pm. It is a long day, but we definitely thought it was worth it. Oh, and drivers on the island make very bold moves. I was scared for my life a few times, haha. Overall, we couldn't have asked for a better vacation, weather included. Feel free to take a look at our vacation pictures:http://community.webshots.com/user/dstar816  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nicolesayshi
<Content>Amazing Hotel.               More photos  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only 1 week of a fantastic holidays. I have been with my family (wife and two kids 14,10) at Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro from 2 to 9 of July.Arrived at the small but cute airport where there was the tour operator (SOLTOUR) waiting for us. Didn麓t take more than 15 minutes to get on the bus that took us to the Hotel. There was an employee of the hotel on each bus delivering envelopes with the room cards and all the instructions. So the check in was made on our 30 minute trip from the airport to the hotel. Very efficient and smart so we don麓t waste time at the arrival of almost 250 people at the front desk.Arrived at the front of the big and beautifull lobby were they had small trains to take our bagage and us to our rooms. We stayed at HACIENDA CLUB, compund 31 which is great coz is right in the middle of the resort and just next to two quite pools in the middle of the resort.The resort is big but not huge as some people refered in other reviews. If you are half way as we did, you could walk perfectly for 5 minutes on each way to go to the beach (and big pool nearby) or the other way to the LOBBY- THEATER- BUFFET.The rooms are big well decorated and very fresh, air conditioning and a big fan on the roof. Never had a problem in our room. The two double beds are very confortable and allways very clean. The service was great and we left $2,00 everyday. But thats not usual. I spoke with other people that went with us and they didn麓t tip and still had a great service.Actually I only tipped RAMONA the lady that cleaned our room (did that usuall stuff of flowers and tower art) because all the other employees work with joy and efficiently but you don麓t have much a chance to tip them unless you look for them on the way out of the restaurants. So when I see some reviews saying all the employees are waiting for a tip that麓s not true, They work a lot from day to night always with a smile and a HOLA when you pass them.The pools are great, specially the 2 in the middle of the resort coz was not so crowded. The big pool near the beach is very crowded and a bit dirty coz people don't shower after being in the beach.The beach is just OK. Not clear water coz these part of the island is on the Altlantic Ocean. The temperature is great, fine sand a lot of fuss going on the beach. Not quiet but OK its a big resort with 1500 rooms. A lot of water sports to do on the beach. We did SCUBA DIVING for the 1 time. (WAs not so great experience coz the way up was very fast, so almost every one felt sick.)The BUFET is great. A lot of variety of nice tasting food. A lot to eat. So be carefull. Don麓t mix up lots of food. Eat just 1-2 different food every meal. There麓s a lot to choose from but liked the Spanish Night (On mondays) and the Gala Night (On Saturdays). On the Gala Night just ate a 3-4 nice grilled lobsters with rice and lots of tropical fruits for dessert. (Papaya, Mango, Pinneaple, etc,etc).We had 4 a la Carte Dinners.The Gourmet was nice (French Nouvelle Cuisine). Nice taste, beautifull plate decoration but litlle to eat. So eat first at the bufet if you are a big eater.El Pescador was great with all the sea food.Garden Grill was the best. Grilled meat.We also went to Il CAPRICIO (Italian Rest) with nice food and desserts.We also ate at lunch at the grill near the beach (PISCIS) were you can have light meals (Hamburgers, Hotdogs, Salads, Fruits, etc,etc).Well, could stay here for long writting about how good this resort is (and I have been to quite a few in Europe).I did not have 1 single complaint about this resort. The animation is also fantastic and the shows at night very funny and relaxing. Even the weather helped on the week we stayed. (It only rainned one night)Fantastic Holidays, only felt bad when living coz 1 week is a short time to do all the visits and sports (did the ISLA SAONO tour which I recomend, 4 wheel tour, Snorkling with speed boad driving, etc) So would loved to stay another week.Some bad reviews I have read before I just can say it was bad luck.If you are thinking of going or booked to GRAN BAHIA PRINCIPE you'll have a great holidays, and I hope I can return back next year.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>audrav
<Content>what a difference I will try to make this as brief as possibleI just got back from my second trip to the Bahia Principe PC, the first trip was February this year. We stayed in the Gold Club both trips.I can鈥檛 believe how much abuse a resort can take in 5 months. The grounds and the food have stayed the same. The main pool has many tiles missing, and people where getting cuts on their feet, one of the other pools was under construction, (the main will be repaired July 15th), there is a lot of garbage around the pool and on the beach, I don鈥檛 know if they are on summer staff rotation or if there is such a thing, but the pool and beach area were quite dirty, and it was disappointing after having such pristine areas in February. We had 4 people in our room (2 adults and 2 children). For 4 days we did not have enough towels. We would phone in and request additional and no one would come. We also were without bottled water for a couple of days and the mini fridge was never topped up all week. We had to 鈥渟teal鈥?the towels from the bags that were placed outside in the morning, or we wouldn鈥檛 get any. When we were there in February, there were fresh flowers placed around the swans made out of towels daily, we didn鈥檛 get it once. We were tipping daily, then decided not to bother any more. There were only 2 towels left in our room for the beach, and every day we went to the towel hut to ask for extra鈥檚 we would get the same story, they should be left in your room. Thank God I knew the girl working there.My son got sick on our second last day, and we needed extra towels and Kleenex, finally someone showed up 2 hours later. Maybe because someone got sick, it justified the need for the towels. I called for the doctor at 7:00 am, spoke to her live, she said she would see him in 15 minutes, 2 hours later, still no show. Thank God she didn鈥檛 come, (I've heard about the costs, but didn't care because my son was miserable). On my last trip there, one of my coworkers paid $250.00 US. I had some friends make me some concoction at the bar that took care of the problem for free!The shows at night were better than February; the animation team did a good job of keeping people busy, but also left you alone if you were not interested in participating.The service from the Gold Club as abysmal. The people that worked in the Gold Club were rude and were really not willing to help or accommodate. There were notes placed on my file as to who I was and why I was there, but it didn鈥檛 seem to matter to them. I was supposed to have the safe for free, late check out, and of course the gift bag with the shirts, fruit basket etc鈥? there was none of that, and I had to pay for the other stuff (it wasn't the cost, it was the principal). There was one gentleman who worked in the club when I was there in Feb, and he was the only one who was willing to help. I left him with the parting message that they had just lost out on a large amount of business for next year, (65 people) he reported it to his manager, but didn鈥檛 hear anything about it.I鈥檓 not sure if the service was the way it was because of the low season, or perhaps there is more competition in the area, regardless, when paying good money for a vacation, in a so called 5 star resort, you expect the service. I will not return to the Bahia, it鈥檚 a shame they would let it run down like that. When we return in February next year, we鈥檒l be going to another resort.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mechatorakichi
<Content>You'll Love it...or hate it!! I debated giving this place only 1 star because it wasn't entirely terrible, but there were enough negative incidents that I could not recommend it. I visited Bahia Principe with some friends and my extended family for a wedding in June. I called the resort several weeks before arrival to confirm that my extended family would all be able to stay together even though we had booked through separate travel agencies. When I arrived, the front desk immediately tried to separate us (and take us to separate lobbies) even though some of my relatives did not speak Spanish or English. The front desk staff were INCREDIBLY rude and inflexible. I was told, My friend: You are in gold are, they are in diamond area...end of story. Do not try to argue. You get in your shuttle and they get in the other! Then the bell hops forcefully tried to separate our luggage and carry us on separate shuttles to our rooms. After that, they lost our luggage because it was not tagged and brought to another area of the resort (the resort is huge). Eventually my wife and I WERE separated (while I was trying to work things out at the front desk my wife jumped on a shuttle with a porter as he tried to drive off with her non-English/Spanish speaking relatives and some of our luggage to only God knows where). It took a full two hours before we found each other again. Until that time, I was not allowed to check in because they needed my wife's passport number and signature and needed to put the all inclusive bracelet on her wrist. By the end of the first night I was seething with anger at the way I had been treated. I'll mention some good points before I get on with my complaints: The sewage smell that people complain about was not bad and only in a very limited area of the resort. Most of the staff (waiters, bartenders, cleaning staff, maintenance staff, concierge staff) were friendly and polite. The grounds and rooms were clean and well maintained. The lobby was very attractive. The food in the common dining areas was not bad. The beach was beautiful. Many in our party had a great time participating in activities at the pools/beach and socializing with others and enjoyed the spa services. To be sure, there were some in our party that had a great time at Bahia Principe and who didn't have any issues...they were the few lucky ones. One minor complaint I had: the resort is not all inclusive. I have stayed at a few all-inclusive resorts and this was definitely only partially-inclusive. A safe is extra charge, certain liquors are extra charge, if you drink the stock of beverages in your room (2 beers, 2 diet pepsi, 2 waters, 1 orange soda) and want replacements before the next day it is an extra charge, room service is extra charge (in most areas of the resort), many water activities (which were not at other all inclusives I have stayed at) are extra charge, and drinks at the wedding reception were extra charge (this was not the case at other location weddings I have been to) and I understand drinks in the casino were also extra charge, and late checkout (even 10 minutes) is extra charge. I would not waste a meal eating at the Japanese restaurant...it was far from gourmet. I won't go so far as to say it was inedible, but many in our group left their meals half-eaten. During our stay we ate at almost all the a la carte restaurants and were mostly unimpressed. Despite the fact that the staff wore tuxedos and male guests were required to wear long pants (jeans and t-shirt is acceptable -- polo shirt and fancy shorts are not) the food was not much better than the food in the main common dining areas located in the lobbies. With the exception of the Japanese restaurant, the a la carte restaurant food was not 'bad', but it was not delicious by any means. I was particularly offended by the host of the seafood restaurant who actually put his hand on my chest and tried to push me out because he thought I did not have a reservation (it was part of a group reservation). It was his misunderstanding, but he was very, very impolite both in his tone and his actions. I was utterly shocked that he could get away with treating his guests in such a manner. He was not only impolite to me, but also to another member of our party who lodged a formal complaint against him after we left. Although individuals tried to be helpful, overall service at the resort was mediocre at best. For example, we requested an ironing board from housekeeping and were told it would be there right away. It never came. We requested from the front desk and were told it would be there in 15 minutes. We waited and it never came. We called back and were told it was on its way...it never came. We requested it from the concierge and were told it would be sent later that day...never came. Finally we requested one in broken Spanish and hand signals to one of the housekeepers and she used the radio to call for one which came in about 10 minutes. Our toilet was clogged on the last day and it never got fixed. Many others in our party had similar issues. If you request a special service, flowers, champagne, extra towels, another blanket or pillow...it may never arrive and there is no reasonable system for voicing complaints to a manager...because there didn't seem to be a person in a position of authority who had the power to make things happen. The wedding we came for started more than an hour late because the shuttles that were supposed to pick up the wedding party didn't show up. If you MUST stay at this resort, some practical advice: mosquito spray and sunscreen is a good idea, lots of US 1$ bills for tips are useful, walkie talkies are great for keeping track of others in your party on the spacious resort grounds, mixed drinks in the lobby bar are better than other bars, small towel or handkerchief for wiping the wet seats in the shuttle are handy if you're wearing nicer clothes for dinners, and show up on time for your dinner reservations or you will be refused admittance (even though your reservation cannot be given to someone else) I'm not someone who is accustomed to receiving the very best service...I don't normally stay at the Four Seasons or the Ritz or fly any class other than coach. I don't consider myself a connoisseur of fine food or wines, and I don't usually have a problem if tasks are done on island time, but I found this resort utterly substandard. The facilities are nice and most of the staff were friendly, but the resort seemed to lack the organizational skills or proper training to properly take care of their guests. I can't say if it deserves its #2 popularity ranking because I have not stayed at other resorts in the Dominican Republic, but I would certainly not recommend it and I will definitely never go back. I was prepared for the odd mishap, a sewage smell, mosquitoes and possibly even food poisoning (some in our party got really sick), but I could not prepare for the rude welcome I received and poor service that I experienced.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An American Opinion I depend on this website before making any travel plans.. I looked for advice and suggestions before booking our trip to the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana. With that said, I hope that my honest, maybe even too honest opinions are helpful to those researching this resort. Here's the real deal..... My husband, 14 year old daughter and I booked through Apple vacations from 7-3-06 thru 7-10-06. Apple was great at providing all info to get us there and back.Airport was easy - Apple transfer to the resort - easy.... As we arrived at the resort we found our way to the front desk and then escorted to Golden Glub for check in. We do not speak Spanish however it was very easy to understand that while the Golden Staff was trying to find a room for us they were very upset with something. As we were escorted all the way to our room in Bldg 7 we found out very fast why they were a little discouraged....there was only 1 bed in the room (not a good start). We were then transferred back to the front (luggage in tow) to switch rooms. It just so happened as we arrived back up front there was another couple requesting a king size room so we swapped. Again, back at building 7 we found our room with two beds and bugs on the floor- very small ones almost like gnats. We had our rooms switched again the following day to building 1 No bugs very close to the pool and the beach.8 days - 7 nights and here are my thoughts, opinions and suggestions....*If you're looking for quiet - romance - this is not the place.*If you're looking for good food - this is not the place. We had egg omelets for breakfast, pizza and french fries for lunch -- everyday... (Again, by American standards -we live right outside of DC and travel to Boston, NY often - we are used to very good food). Please understand - they try very very hard to please you and we could not help but smile every time we came into contact with one of the staff.*Lots of kids unfortunately due to the language barrier none of them were able to interact with one another. *The grounds of the resort are beautiful!!!!! Absolutely beautiful.*The beach --- again, beautiful however they have a lot of it roped off for the beach activities. The water is not the flat Caribbean that you may experience in Puerto Rico - there are waves and even a bit of a current - lots of seaweed.*Lots of topless women - my daughter was surprised and it took a little explaining. My husband did not mind this ate all.*There are several pools - one was closed down and the others were extremely dirty (my daughter took a scuba lesson in the pool and confessed she would not be swimming with her eyes open again after seeing the fungus at the bottom and the black particles floating around). Also, there were 3 very obnoxious girls from Canada, 16, that were drinking profusely and announcing that they were in fact urinating in the pool. I bring this point up because the bartenders will give children who look 14 and over alcoholic beverages. My daughter was very honest about it.*Make your dinner reservations as soon as you get there..... Again, make your dinner reservations as soon as you get there. We arrived on Monday afternoon and tried to make reservations Monday evening around 6 to find out all of the restaurants were booked until the following Monday. Impossible - yes, my husband found Laura in guest services who made us reservations 6 out of the 7 nights we were there. All the dinner restaurants provided excellent service and very good food. Steak (the grill), French, Japanese steak house, Mediterranean were all good - Seafood was okay. Steak was my favorite---- only!! Because they had a great cesear salad you could make.* Drinks ---- not so good - the liquor is all watered down - none of it is top shelf. All of the beer is draft - no bottles and no cans. The wine is not so good - my husband and I drank draft beer during the day (don't think I've done this since college) and we paid for a bottle of wine at dinner every night. Try the Cabernet Sauvignon from Chile - only $13-16 US dollars. All of the bars close at 11 and they send you over to the village area where you can pay for your drinks.*When shopping the the village area - talk them down.... My daughter wanted a necklace the guy started at $45 we got him down to $10 (I think we could have gone even lower) - they make you feel very guilty.* Casino --- basically non-existent.*We went through Apple to book the 4 wheeling adventure - I recommend this for children 10+ and adults. The drive to the activity is rough. If you are an animal lover be prepared for some pretty said sites once you arrive - the dogs are scarcely thin. My daughter cried her eyes out for the dogs. ***We spoke to a Canadian family who went on another 4 wheeling trip, booked through their tour operating company and they were scared to death for their lives. - Ask questions on where you're going, how you're getting there and the views you will see on your adventure.*Golden Club - you get Room Service which basically consists of hot dogs, hamburgers, fries, fruit and nachos w/cheese. I was afraid to order as I did not want to leave plates laying around in or outside of the room.*Golden Club is suppose to give you special privileges such as a private pool ---- not so private- we were told due to the capacity of the resort anyone was allowed.*The shows are funny and entertaining. During the day they usually have a surprise or two for you. Watch out for the police man and the priest.Again, beautiful resort, beautiful loving people who try their hearts out to please you. They depend on tourism and it shows in every moment of their day. The workers start at 8am and do not finish until 11. They work many days at a time with no break what so ever. We spoke to one girl, who had worked 21 days straight ---- and she was so grateful for every moment of it.I really hope my review is helpful and if you chose the Bahia Principe - I hope you have a wonderful time.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place, but kinda BIG! It took me a while to get around to writing this review, but thought I'd throw in my two cents. A friend  I went to Gran Bahia in mid-May. Excellent deal - 7 nights, air, transfers, etc. for $1200 each, which was well worth it. I've stayed at mostly smaller places in the Caribbean, Mexico, and Maui, so that is something to consider when reading my opinion.Check-in: was pretty terrible. We arrived at around 4 in the afternoon, and were told our room wouldn't be ready for at least an hour or two. I thought this was unacceptable, considering that there was a standard check-in time. I complained, but got nowhere. We went to the lobby bar and tried to think cool thoughts (it was hotter than any place I'd been before.) The bartender, who we ended up seeing a lot of during the next week, was just great and made us laugh and forget being agitated.Room: was large, extremely clean. It was fairly close to the lobby and our pool was just on the other side of our building (I think is was 13 or 18, can't really remember!) It was actually a good location as far as going to eat, getting on the trolley, going to the pool, but the big drawback was that it wasn't on the beach, and I missed the sound of the waves that I am accustomed to. (My own fault, though - should have upgraded.) Listen to those people who tell you to beware of the marble floors! I stepped out of the shower one night, slipped, and I'm STILL nursing my elbow. Biggest problem was that the air conditioning went out (on the whole resort) and was out for three days. The nights were unbearable. Couldn't leave the sliding doors open, due to no screen (tried it the first night, and the bugs ate us alive.) Basically, did not sleep at all those nights, and as others posted, management gave excuses and offered nothing. Best part was that we had a wonderful maid who left us extra water, Pepsi, or whatever we asked for. She made the pretty towel forms every day, and always left flowers. I left her gifts and tips every day - she was worth it. Oh, by the way, I think it is a crime to charge for the in-room safe. That is something that should be included in cost of the room. Just my opinion.Pool: was fabulous. We were there all day, every day. Especially since with the no A/C, it was the coolest spot. Pool bartenders were awesomely nice (except they talked us into too many shots of Mamawannas, which are lethal! Water temp was perfect, everything was clean, always lots of towels and chairs available. I, personally, hated the music they played, over and over, but again, just my opinion. My friend had her IPod. I was jealous. A drawback - one of the pools, also in the middle of the resort was closed and empty. Not a big deal, but it would have been nice to have that one open too.Beach: the beach is beautiful beyond belief. Water is a most amazing shade of turquoise, prettier than just about anywhere that I've been so far in Caribbean. Unfortunately, since the hotel was so large, the beach area seemed crowded to me, and I didn't really like hanging out there. I was actually more comfortable at the pool, which is unusual for me. I walked the beach in the morning, though, and it was just beautiful. (By the way, weather was perfect, not a drop of rain.)Food: Maybe I'm easy to please, but I thought the food at Bahia was just great. We ate at the buffet for just about every meal, and never had a problem finding lots to eat (usually TOO much!) On night, they did delmonicos and seafood to order - how can you beat that? We also ate at the Italian one night - lovely atmosphere, good food, and most important - it was one of the few places that had A/C during the outage. Also ate at the Garden Grill (steak place) one night, which was the best meal I had there - just fabulous. The flaming sambuca show was cool, and the waiters just swarmed us - wanting their pictures with us, bringing us things to try. Such fun. We went to the Piscis snack bar by the beach for lunch most days. They had a fruit bar, pasta bar, salad bar, and were always grilling burgers, chicken breasts, etc. They had pizza, pork chops, you name it. Shopping: sucks. No where to go except the lobby shop or the stores at the Pueblo, which I did not think were any great bargain, and the guys at all the booths  stands were a real pain, plus, they were all selling the same stuff and very whiney. I bought a few things, but got sick of them pretty fast. Entertainment: forget it. Really, really bad. Laughably bad. But who cares when you are in paradise with free drinks? One night, we went off resort to the Mangu, with is in the Riu down the beach, with some of our bartenders. That's a really hopping place, with tons of people, but truthfully, I was happy just hanging out at the bars or lobby on the resort (except everything closes at 11.) We never made it to the disco on the resort, but everyone told us it was pretty lame. Maybe others will disagree. The casino wasn't too hopping either; but that's okay - I go to Vegas when I want to play blackjack, not the D.R.Other Activities: We did a 4-wheeler half day group trip, which I thought was fun. We rode 4-wheelers around and stopped at a coffee bean place, and then stopped on the most beautiful empty beach, where we could swim. Wish that I'd taken some gifts or treats with me, because there were some local kids at the coffee hut who were so sweet and beautiful. People: Everyone that we met, with the exception of the front desk people (which is usually the case, isn't it?) was extremely nice, happy, and friendly. We adored our bartenders, and as I said, they took us off resort to a disco one night and were extremely friendly (but not inappropriate) way. (In other words, they flirted but never tried to hit on us!) The other guests at the hotel were a really interesting mix of cultures and languages, which i thought was really fun. German, Italian, French, British, and LOTS of Canadians - who, by the way, were the nicest, and most party-seeking group. (Except possibly that group of boys from Baltimore that we kept running into, who loved to describe just how much they had DRANK that day!)All in all, it was a great vacation. Had a wonderful time. Best things: the beautiful beach, the friendly Dominican staff, the food, and the pool bars! The Worst: the lack of A/C, and having to jump on a trolley to be able to even SEE the beach. Would I recommend? yes, because I felt it was a good price for what we got and we had a great time. Would I go there again? Probably not, because I like to try new places, and I really like the smaller, boutique kind of places, where EVERY room has a view of the ocean!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation Ever! Please do not listen to the negative reviews that some have posted about this resort - they are far from the truth! We have just returned from Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana and had the best Honeymoon! The resort was not only beautiful and clean but the food was amazing and the staff was great! The all-inclusive package is fantastic - the array of drinks (both regular and alcoholic) was more than we could sample during our 1 week stay.Our room was very spacious and very clean. It was always attended to promptly and we felt very safe leaving our personal belongings in the room. We had a great view from the balcony of the pool at which we spent most of our time. The pool we frequented was very well maintained and it was never crowded. Because there are so many pools on the resort, most of them have just a handful or regulars. There are plenty of restaurants and buffets to choose from at Bahia and all have fantastic food! We ate at 4 a la carte restaurants and they were all beautiful in decor, excellent in service and served delicious food. Also, all the buffets we tried were very good which made me happy as I am a picky eater. Before the trip I was worried about the quality of the food but to my plesant surprise the food everywhere was excellent. Throughout our entire trip, we did not see a single fly on any food at any of the outdoor buffets - the staff at Bahia Principe takes really good care of the presentation and quality of their food and it that to me goes a long way.The beach is also very beautiful and clean but depending on where at the resort you are staying, it may be a bit of a walk. Bahia Principe is a huge resort but we had no complaints as there is a shuttle bus that runs every 2-3 minutes to bring people to and from the beach and all around the resort. What surprised me the most was the fact that there were absolutely no peddlers on the beach forcing you to purchase their merchandise and the beach was regularly patrolled by hotel officials. Overall, we felt VERY safe in all areas of the resort and we are already planning to go back there for our next holiday.Gran Bahia Principe is a great place for couples and families to visit. It was the most relaxing vacation we have ever been on and this being our first trip to the Carribbean and all-inclusive we are afraid to go anywhere else but the Bahia Principe!For anyone going to Gran Bahia ENJOY!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>momatlarge
<Content>Lovely, with a few minor quirks We just returned from a week stay-6/28-7/25. As my husband accurately stated, thr DR is about 5 years behind Mexico in tourism. Positive- The hotel is lovely, very clean and we were very pleasantly surprised-no bugs; none in the room, or by the bars., or at the beach. We were 2 families and we went to the beach every day. Got a lovely spot under a pulapa(sp) every day. The sun is very intense, I used a 45 every day and came home with a tan. Be sure to bring plenty of lotion. We brought 3 bottles of 45 for 4 people and had to buy another there to the tune of $18.00 ! The beach is beautiful, the water gorgeous and the kids loved the shipwreck. The trams are always running, but it is nice to walk and get some exercise. Our maid was very sweet but didn't speak a bit of english. We left some goodies for her as well as a tip and she was very grateful. On the 4th of July they left red, white  blue hats , bandanas, leis, and bag in our rooms. We were very touched that they commemorated our holiday.The food is not bad, not 5 star, but we certainly all found something we enjoyed. The buffets have a huge variety; at breakfast the lobby buffet has made to order omelets. There were carving stations one night and the turkey  prime rib were delicious. We ate at the French, the Mexican, the garden grill  Japanese and were satisfied with all. At the beach or pool bars, look for Luis- a lovely man. At the beach/pool bar- John  Jhon were very gracious. The lobby bar is lovely, a nice place to have a drink after dinner. There is a fellow who walks around in different costumes every day and he is very funny and personableNegative- some did get diarrhea, but for most it lasted just a day. Pepto-bismol helped. A majority of the help speaks limited English, it helps to have some Spanish under your belt. When we were in Mexico last year we had no problem communicating- here much more difficult. At the beach bar I found the bartenders (with the exception of Luis) very rude. They would wait on anyone who spoke Spanish first, even if they came after I did. I ended up going to the pool bar, because I didn't need to be treated like that on my vacation.There is not much to do for teenagers. Again, in Mexico, the Iberostar always had some activity going on geared to teens. By day 7 our teens were ready to go home. Not much to do outside the resort. Unfortunately, the 2 most interesting trips they have- the catamaran  the safari ride we didn't do because our daughter suffers severe motion sickness.Other- You'll save money on souvenirs, because most of it is junk! You MUST bargain with the vendors. We got everything down to 1/2 of the first price they gave. Walk away and you'll be able to gauge how serious they were about their final price. We preferred Mexico, but it was much more expensive this year. The Gran Bahia was an excellent bargain for what we paid. If you enjoy leisurely days on a lovely beach you will enjoy here.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort Just got back from the Gran Bahia. Spent a week from June 24 to July 1 with my wife and 6 month old infant. Not sure why there are so many negative comments about this resort. I have travelled to many resorts and you have to remember that a 5 star in mexico, dominican, etc. is not a the same as a 5 star in North America. If you're wanting a rating based on North American standards, I would rate this a high 3 or 4. The resort is beautiful and the pools are amazing. Can't say enough about the beautiful beaches and the blue water of the Caribbean. The rooms are spacious and clean. The maids and servers doing an amazing job. The entertainment and pool activity staff do their best to entertain. I would say the shows are definitely far from 5 star quality, but again, remember where you are. The drinks are fine as long as you ask for doubles. The food is about 3.5 since they do use a lot of oil to cook their food. Don't get me wrong, I always found something I enjoyed eating, but I would have liked to enjoy more if they didn't cook with so much oil. The ala cartes were ok. It's just nice to sit down and be served for 3 meals rather than going through the buffet. Resort is great for couples and families with kids. If you want romantic, probably try somewhere else. If you're single and are there to meet other singles, might want to try somewhere else. Overall, very good resort. Please email me if you want to know more. I didn't add any photos since most of the photos on here already capture the resort.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paradoxical
<Content>Some tips You can probably get a good view of the resort from the photos and reviews. I read most of them before going, ignoring the obvious ones from rival resorts or from people who couldn't have a good time in heaven, and I ended up with a pretty accurate picture.Now for the slightly different stuff.i) Ask for a room that is not on the ground floor. We did, and stayed in villa 30. Perfect location for us, a first floor room, quiet and 50 yards from one of the pools (probably the nicest one with rarely more than 20-30 people swimming at any one time and always room at the swim up bar)ii) Don't sweat the small stuff. Your key card will stop working at some stage. It's hot, humid and has probably got beer or sun cream on it. Wipe the magnetic strip down a few times and don't be shy when pushing it into the door slot. Try it fast a few times and it will work. Don't waste you time going back and forth to reception. (I saw an amercian guy who was quite irrate about this-for gods sake relax your on holiday.) The room was great and always well cleaned but not perfect. One socket had virtually collapsed but still the coffee maker worked, the toilet seat was a bit broken, but okay to use, and the cable kept comming out of the back of the TV when you turned it around. It did not have a proper connector, just a bent wire. This was easy to fit back in and reception was fine. This was very important as it was the world cup!When you take a shower it will leak all over the floor. What's happening is the water is hitting the glass screen, running aloing the edge and onto the floor. Put a wet flannel there and it will drain into the bath. Just don;'t worry about these little thingsiii) It will rain. Normally in the afternoon. Usually a short sharp welcome shower and you can swin in the pool or stay in the sea just fine, both are wonderfully warm.iv) The beach slopes quite sharply and just at the depth I like say 5ft or so, there was a band of seaweed. Can't be helped but stay in the shallows if you don't like it. The sea is great. Rent a Hobie catamarran, it's free for an hour a day. So easy to sail and just cruise up and down the beach. Idyllic. Watch out for the any dark patches in the water. That's parts of the reef.v) Make the most of the mornings. Weather is great, the breakfast bufet starts at 7am and everything has just been cooked and there are no crowds. Having said that we only had to wait for a seat one time in 14 days..vi) Book up the restuarants as soon as you get there. My favorites were the garden grill, the bistro and the mexican. The italian was lousy and the japanese restaraunt good for the experience but rushed and not many of my fellow diners like the sushi (my first and probably last time too but at least I gave it a go). As always it's the company you keep as much as anything that makes a meal. In the Japanese you are seated with up to 11 or twelve others. You may get lucky- I didn't.vii) The spa was great and the massage really helped after playing tennis. Again try and play at 8am if you can, otherwise it's too hot.viii) Smile a lot, it's sometimes difficult after a long day in the sun but some people looked like they couldn't cope. Why do they stay out so long??Finally, found the staff great, very helpful, sometimes a bit haphazard but with maybe 2000 guests to cater for, it's probably worth cutting them some slack.My first A.I. trip and I found 14 days just a little on the long side. !0 days would have been perfect.I would go back to the DR, and probably to the same resort (although there seems to be a fair bit of building going on next door) but not for a few years. In context I've never been to the same place twice so I guess the fact that I am considering it must say something for this place.Enjoy your stay.........  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>charliemuff
<Content>Not Gran Bahia Principe, Punta, Cana June 30th thru July 7th, a week to forget. Pros: very clean, the general help, maids, waiters,try very, very hard to understand our needs as we speak extremely limited spanish.Beach is beautiful, packed with people. had to get there early to find a spot., not a way to spend a vacation. Cons: Handicapped accessability not handicapped Welcomed.I use a wheelchair when I have long distance to travel, my chair broke, they promised to deliver one to my room, waited 2 hours, called repeatedly, told it was on it's way. We went to the main desk, where a extremely nasty mgr. told us they do not have wheelchairs. The first room I was put in was a handicapped room that flooded when you used the shower.They would only change rooms for us after 10 phone calls and going down tothe main front desk. I them originally do not give me a handicapped room if I coud not be with the rest of my family, we were a group of 12. Customer Realtions is totally lacking at this hotel. You are not a guest youare a Prisioner. Food :We had 4 nights gourmet resturants, Lucky Us. Do Not ask for anything special or different, You will not get it. they do what they want, not what you want. The section we were in was advertised as auluts only, every room had families with several children and babies.The Main pool packed with children, kids in diapers, people drinking at the pool bar, the Filter did not work for 3 days and they kept it opened. Heavy duty constuction equiptment wakes you up every morning at 7 am and goes continusouly until 8 pm under spot lights. Food buffets are not kept cold or hot enough, front desk people are rude. The Bahia Principe is a prision dressed up to look like a resort with alcohol, no one could drink that much to make this place and the wardens who run it acceptable.One word of advice Change hotels, find a place with class, this hotel is clueless on how to treat it's guests.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>ready4hols
<Content>Great Holiday I travelled with my husband and 4yr old son and I must point out that none of us had a tummy upset and my son never got bitten by a mosquito and we got just a couple.Our room was in villa 15 and on gound floor and yes there were a few mosquitos but we took a plug in and some good spray and never had a problem. This block suited us because it is close to the pool for the day and lobby at night. You could jump on the funbus to the beach.Out maid was brill and would leave flowers in the room most days and I couldnt fault her.The plug in our bath didnt work so we went up to the lobby to report it and when we got back to our room (5mins later) there was a maintenance guy on a bike waiting for us and it was fixed right away. Definately 5* service there.The resort is absolutely beautiful and spotlessly clean and I never saw anyone struggle to get a sunlounger around the pool although I did notice that the pool at the beach was a lot busier but as my son doesnt like sand we stopped at the top pool.The food I thought was way above average, there is no breakfast item that I can think of that wasn't served. The pasta at dinner was beautiful as were other dishes and there was lobster and smoked salmon and other dishes that you certainly dont get at 3*. My son took a liking to lobster and theres no limit as to how much you can have, he ate more than some adults.The speciality restaurants are worth a visit, I had a good steak in the gourmet and excellent fajitas in the mexican.People who get the runs need to think about what they eat and drink as many of the cocktails and puddings contain coconut which is natural laxative so look out and alternate those yummy cocktails. I saw people really piling their plates high and I actually saw one lady who couldnt wait her turn use a serving spoon from another dish to get her food and then left it for others to use talk about asking for poorly tummys!The pool was very clean and I often saw the guys actually in the pool cleaning it very early in the morning. However I did find it upsetting to see a party of Americans totally drunk at the pool bar one day smoking and dropping ash  alcohol into the water, I'm sure they would be first to complain should the pool be closed to clean!!!!The entertainment wasn't brill but the kids seem to love the shows put on at night. I think the booze took over us adults!We bought inflatables from the plaza and I thought they were expensive so if you can spare the weight get to asda where I saw them really cheap! Do however watch the weight of your luggage as if you are over they will charge you in punta cana even if they didnt outbound.The staff are very friendly and make a huge fuss of children which at first is a bit bewildering but they get used to it and by the end of the hol the high fives are flying out.Overall we really enjoyed this family holiday, we met up with some lovely folk from Lancaster, Hello to Ang, Dave  Thomas, Kathy  John, Tracey, Pete  Oliver! I would definately return to this resort and I'm sure the British won't have a problem there.If you go looking for home standards then my best advice is to stay at home!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jkuppart
<Content>Nice Vacation My husband and I returned from the Gran Bahia after staying from June 30th - July 6th. We had a wonderful time. We arrived at 2 p.m. in the afternoon and were checked in within 15 minutes. (We used VIP Travel for transfers from airport/hotel) We did purchase the in room safe and upgrade to Club Golden. (Club Golden gives you free access to internet, one extra dinner in the resturant, express check-out, room service) Our room was in Bldg 20 and right by Las Olas Snack Area. We made our reservations for the resturants and off to the beach we went. The resort is very populated; there are 1536 rooms, therefore if you are wanting to go some where quiet and peaceful, this resort will not be for you. Very busy and loud by the pool with lots of familes with children. We spent the mornings at the beach and the afternoons by the pool watching all of the activities. We did not have a problem finding a spot at the beach, the area to the left of the beach always had numerous empty shaded areas to sit in the sun. Remember to take your sunscreen. The sun is very very hot and if not protected, will burn you and ruin your trip. We saw lots of really red people. We used sunblock 30 and reapplied several times a day and still got alot of sun. Make you dinner reservations for as late in the evening as possible, because there is not much to do after dinner. There are a few shows, but mainly just people sitting and listening to music in the lobby bar.The tram service was always ready to take you to the main area of the hotel. The lobby bar was the best with many friendly people willing to assist you. We did not find that people demanded a tip as we read in other reviews. The employees are very appreciative of any tip you do give them. We tipped at the bars, resturaunts, room service, maid service and bellman. We did not experience any bug problems while we were at the resort; however, there is always a breeze on the beach, and that may be why we didn't experience any issues with bugs. We took small trinkets for our maid, and she seemed to really enjoy them. We also took school supplies and everyone we gave those items to were very appreciative. I would recommend immodium as their food is a bit different than ours. We did not get sick, but I would take the medicine as a precaution. We found everyone at the resort to be very accomodating. Other than that, Punta Cana is a very poor country as you will see on your ride to the resort (45 minutes) and the people do their best to make your stay as enjoyable as possible. The resort is a five star resort by Dominican standards, please don't compare it to a five start hotel in the U.S. or you will be disappointed. This is a nice resort for the price. If you have any questions please feel free to email me at jkuppart@yahoo.com  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Bahia Principe       The RIU palace next door  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PuntaCanaBride
<Content>My Wedding at Bahia Principe PC was Wonderful!!!               More photos  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing vacation/Wedding I just came back from having my wedding at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana and it was AMAZING! Who ever is going to get married there....you have nothing to worry about! Everything was beautifully done!Resort: Was really big, but a shuttle bus continuously ran. You would never have to wait around.Rooms: The rooms were beautiful, clean and spacious!Beach: Beautiful, big beach and there was always availability for huts and chairs.Pools: Didn't really spent alot of time in the pool because the beach was so beautiful. But from what I saw, it was really well kepted and everyone was having a great time!Food: I was so amazed at the food! So much variety and everything tasted so good! The a la carte restaurants were spectacular! The service and food was like I have never seen before at any resort that I have been to. Definitely 5 star!We went down with 22 people for my wedding and everybody had a great time! I would recommed you to stay at the Golden Club section because the rooms were closer to the beach. I would also say that this was a family resort, but there are adult sections in the resort aswell.Overall....had a great time!!! :)  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation I visited on June 11, 2006 and left June 18,2006, I found the Hotel beautiful and very clean, no trash on the floor and the service was fantastic, the food was excellent, the only thing that I found out was a little boring was the music at the pool, you should have a best disc jokey and a good merenge music that will have the people dancing and happy instead of being seating on the pool chairs.Thank youManny VallinMiami, Fla  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GasKat99
<Content>A very well Recommended resort. Expect a very gigantic resort. Very CLEAN, spotless and detailed. First night was very confusing (considering we arrived very late). We kept getting lost in which way to our Villas. There was 12 adults  1 kid. Adults are ranging from (1-54yrs old) then the rest are 11-21 - 33 yrs old  1- 8 yrs old kid.RESORT is divided into side. Both has their own LOBBY,restaurant, buffet, and lounges.Theres a square the has stores where you can buy stuff. WATCH out for the kiosk store. BARGAIN until they give up. This people will RIP you off like crazy. ITS SO CLEAN.. When you walk along the alleyways, take a look at the cigarette sand trays. its all contains the Bahia Logo.. I was very impressed that they have a designated person that goes around the resort marking these logo in each tray. VERY COOL. Shuttle Bus, it gets full on busy hours, but its still okay.. Accessible. FOOD: We ate at Japanesse (very well recommended), French (good) and Grill (so  so)Buffet was okay too. You know, repeatative food. Theres 2 snack bars by the Beach and they are TERRIFIC. PAELLA is so..so good.. Their PIZZA is so delicious. Thins slice and just the right amount of cheese. MEAT.. always ask for welldone. I eat at the Grill and although I asked for welldone, my meat was pink.. I didnt eat it at all. MANGOES...very sweet.. gotta have those. In the snack bar (LOS OLAS) they dont have in the table sometimes, but ask the people and they will specially cut some for you. ALL and ALL, food is absolutely good. DRINKS: Chocolate Monkey.. Very good.. Kids will love it too (but dont forget to say SIN ALCOHOL) Watch out for Iced Tea. My 8 YRS OLD nephew asked for Iced Tea and he got a alcoholic iced tea. He took a sip and he told his mom that its taste weird. I think he was given an Long Island Iced Tea cause, men, i tasted it myself and its full of RUM. My nephew didnt even finish dinner, he was already sleeping. Banana Mama is not so bad too. But to be in the safe side stick with CERVEZA. Most cocktail drinks contains Banana, Coconut or something that can really upset your stomach. So..if you dont want to get sick.. watch what you drink. MARKET (45 mins walk along the beach) PLEASE... BARGAIN.. BARGAIN... BARGAIN... they will give you some crazy amount, like, $28.00 for an 8yrs old RUM.. but we got 3 (thats right. 3 bottles) for $25.00.. so BARGAIN.. we also got T-shirt for $5.00 while they first wanted 15.00... so, you get the idea.. TRUST ME.. they will accept your bargain offer.. POOLS  BEACH: Wake up in the morning and reserve your seat. There seems to be very limited seats anywhere in the beach and pools. My sister would wake up in the morning (7AM) just to reserved seats (well, she's a morning person anyway). What we do is, we get all our towel cards, trade it and use it to reserve the seats, which is good for the whole day. Its a pissed off sometimes.. but what can you do.. Everyone else does it. Anyway, I have so much more to say.. BUT YOU JUST HAVE TO SEE IT FOR YOURSELF. The resort is ABSOLUTELY beautiful. WORTH EVERY PENNY. So enjoy.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what I expected!!!!! A group of 17 went the week of June 9th - 17th. The resort itself is pretty, but they need to have more to offer. Went to the main pool on Tuesday and we found turds floating and immediately got out and reported it to the staff and they acted as if they did not care. We waited til Friday to go back and try the main pool again, well.............we should have stayed at the diamond pool. Same problem. The food in the buffets were just okay. We found the Japanese and Garden Grill Steakhouse to be the best. As far as the drinks went, we like tequilla in our margarita's not rum. Apparently the Dominican people do not know how to make a margarita's with tequilla. As far as the room goes, nothing to brag home about. Just a piece of advice, if you want washclothes, you better pack your own. They use them in the al a carte restuarants for guests to wash their hands with and not in your rooms. (We went from Saturday night til Friday night without washclothes, and with three girls sharing a room it becomes a problem.)Do we plan to return? Nope, for the money we spent we should have went back to Moon Palace. (Nothing compares to that resort!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing Overall the trip was very relaxing. Stayed at the Bahia Principe May 29-June 2. Traveled with my son who's 4, my parents, and brother and his wife. We all had a good time! I have been to Nassau, Freeport, Cozumel, and the Florida Keys. This place was the best!The beach: Very beautiful. Soft white sand, blue-green water. The water did have some waves but nothing much. The last day of our trip there was a storm off shore and the water did have lots of floating seaweed that day (also some on shore) but the hotel had loaders on the beach quickly removing it. Pools: Main pool was too crowded, but the other pools were very nice (clean). Be careful because the tiles on the bottom of the pool are slick! We spent most of our time here because of the pool bar. It was great! Drinks were not watered down. When you asked for a dirty monkey with extra alcohol, they would say, oh, you mean nasty monkey!They were very friendly, and even better if you slip them a dollar once in a while.Food: Honestly, did not like the food very much. Not at all American food. If you are not used to eating different types of food, stick to a bland diet. Hamburger was raw at the poolside buffet and don't forget--lettuce is washed with water--I got sick! Wait staff was friendly, but did not understand any English. We had to eat buffets because all the theme restaurants were booked. Book as soon as you check in. Hotel: Very clean, you always see grounds keepers and maids. Our room was nice, two beds and a couch. The air conditioning worked great. If you take showers, there are no shower doors or curtains, just a half piece of glass. We flooded our bathroom the first night. At check-in had to wait two hours, but we just walked around the resort to see where things were. Ecological area does stink like a sewer when there is no breeze, we only smelled in once while passing over. Airport: NO ONE SPEAKS ANY ENGLISH!!!!! This was the only major down side. Advice: Get through there as fast as you can. The transportation was a blast. They drive crazy over there.To sum it up: If you want relaxing, down-time this is the place to be. If you want nightlife, go somewhere else. My mom and dad, who are in their 50's can't wait to go back. My brother and his wife, who are in their early 20's, want more bar hopping and shopping malls (they go to cancun every year). My son and I loved it. He cried the last day we were there because he didn't want to leave.Any questions please e-mail me  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>dream               More photos  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for 3 days more than 5 don't think so We had a group of 12. Food was below average... Buffets were OK, the Regular Service Restaurant below average. Service was very good at the Bars and the Snack Bar... Good tipping helped... Rooms were very, very nice and everything worked... To find a shade at the beach was a challlenge, while reservations are not allowed, some do and create problems, we had to call the GM twice for unsued huts reclaimed by user since the pay for the reservation.... Gynm and the Casino are a joke.... beer very cold and good, (can't go wrong with cold Presidente beer same for drinks.(Barcelo Imperial is extra, but Brugal is very good)... They tend to carter more to Europeans... we saw Albita, on Cuban night, great show...Mojitos were good too...Summary, if you like buffet 3 times a day for 7 days, go for it, I will not do it again...  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mrsg55
<Content>Loved Grand Bahia We just returned from a vacation at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana. Although my husband and I were quite nervous about going to an all inclusive, we were quite pleased. The food was not gourmet fare, but there was always something delicious to eat. Breakfast at the main buffet was delicious with omelttes cooked to order, crepes, pancakes, etc. Make reservations at the speciality restaurants as soon as you arrive. NOTE: there is only 1 Grill restaurant and 1 Italian restaurant so these reservations are the hardest to obtain. The other specialty restaurants (Mexican, French, Japanese) are on both resorts (Punta Cana and Bavaro) and you can go to either, so they are not so difficult to obtain reservations. The Japanese restaurant is hibachi style, then they seat you at individual tables for dessert. Not good for a romantic dinner. Brush your teeth  rinse with bottled water just to be safe.We found all the help to be extemely helpful and friendly. We did not go with any children, but all the help was very kind, and playful with children. Although tips are included we did tip a few dollars at breakfast and lunch, more at dinner. We tipped a dollar at bar, and had more than enough liquor in our drinks. We left the maid $3 a day and had extra towels, diet soda, bottled water, etc. NOTE TO PEOPLE COMPLAINING ABOUT LANGUAGE PROBLEM: you are in a Spanish speaking country, in a Spanish speaking resort, where the great majority of guests are Spanish speaking. A little effort goes a long way. We found that everyone we tried to communicate with had no trouble with just the 1 or 2 words of Spanish that we used. The hotel gives you a Passport book about the hotel with some helpful Spanish words in the back.The resort itself was immaculate, and people were always cleaning. Although the resort feels large, it really is not. They have trams that bring you from the main reception all around the resort, and we never waited more than 3 minutes for a tram. We walked next door to the Riu Palace which was beautiful, but you would be doing a lot more walking there!There is a (very) small casino, shows are ok, audience participation shows are actually the best and the most fun. There were beach and pool aerobics, dance lessons, etc.We really enjoyed our stay and wouldn't hesitate to recommend this resort!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mosquito and more as your room guest I will never stay at the Bahia Principe again!!!!!!!!!! The check-in desk stared the disaster(two hour check-in) and things went down hill after that. I was assigned a room with one king sized bed (3 adult males), and the staff said that they would not be able to accomodate me with a change of rooms. Later that day, this issue was resolved, but after much debate. The hotel sits atop a lagoon with all of the residents of this logoon will vist your room on a nighly basis. I was forwarned of this possibility at check-in by another hotel guest, but dismissed the complaint as trivial. I realized that I was in the tropics and insects can on occasion be a problem. I was wrong, and he was right! The insects at night are terrible, and during a week stay, the hotel only bothered to spray twice. I left the Bahia Principe with more than twenty-five mosquito bites, even though I slept under cover for six nights of my stay. The food is average at best, the selection at the beach resturant is far below average. IThe pools are over crowded and rowdy. Fights broke out between guest and the staff seemed unable to handle the situation. The beach area was not clean, and there was never enough chairs at the beach unless you reserved on at daybreak. I have stayed at over twenty hotels in Punta Cana/Bavaro over the last ten years, and I would rate this hotel by far the worst. If I had just know how over-priced this hotel was, I would have made another choice. Afterwards, I stayed at The Majestic Colonial, just a few hundred yards south of Bahia Principe (forty dollars a night cheaper). It is head and shoulders above the Bahia Principe., Please be advised, make an alternate choice. There are too many hotels in The Dominican Republic to be subject to such a dump. This is by no means a knock on Punta Cana, as you read, I have been there many times, but I will never stay at Bahia Principe again!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gotta love the Bahia! Location: Gran Bahia Principe, Punta CanaDate: May 28 to June 4, 2006My wife and I have been to many all inclusive resorts over the years and this one in Punta Cana ranks amongst one of the tops! I have read many reviews about this resort - some good, some bad. Personally, the folks who gave bad reviews just happened to have bad luck and it was their way of venting off, that's all. I have had those moments too with past resorts, so I know what the feeling is like. Anyway, the whole week we (my wife, 2 year old daughter, a good friend of mine, his wife and their 2 year old son) were at this resort, we had nothing wrong to say or point out - except one minor thing. My friend and I would take turns waking up at 6:30 in the morning to go to the beach and reserve a hut (needed the shade for the kids). Besides this little inconvenience, I can't recall any other issue.Okay, here goes with the review:LOBBY: Very big, very clean, very comfortable! Lots of marble all over the place! Every day, we saw cleaners buffing and cleaning the floors to a sparkle!ROOMS: Large, clean and comfortable. We used to play soccer in the room with the kids! The washroom was also a nice size and clean. We stayed in complex 10 which was not too far from the beach and not too far from the Lobby and other main areas. The Air Conditioner worked like a charm. It worked so good we froze at night and had to turn it up a little to stay warm! The week before we arrived there, we heard that one of the delivery drivers had an accident and hit the main AC unit which knocked out the whole complex's AC unit. Thank God we got there the week after or it would have been a little uncomfortable. POOL: There are two large pools to choose from plus another pool reserved for the Diamond Club members. The bars are always stocked up and the staff is always eager to fill up your glasses with whatever you wish!BEACH: The beach was big, clean and beutiful! You have lots of room between the huts/trees and the ocean - oh yeah, there's enough huts and palm trees for shade however as i mentioned, you need to get here early in the morning if you want to have a spot to take a siesta in the afternoon!BUFFET: Not sure why some folks bashed the buffet. Between the various grills running and the different foods provided at the large buffets, I have to admit that the food was good. We've been in Cuba 3 times (and the last time) and got sick of the food. We've been in Mexico at different places and also got sick once there. We've been in Venezuela, US Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, two other places in the Dominican Republic and each of these places gave us some stomach troubles. For the first time in many years, not my wife or I even had a hint of stomach or other digestive problems. The food was just good!A LA CARTE RESTAURANTS: One word: Excellent! We had a choice of three a la carte restaurants for the week and we did the Japanese, the Grill and the Italian. Let me tell yoou that all three restaurants were just superb - especially the Italian restaurant!!! If you go there, ask for the Parmesan Pasta entree. It's to die for!!!SERVICE: I'm the kind of person who tips. Yes, to get things you must spread some cash. But let me tell you, whether it was for breakfast, lunch or supper, $2 US each time got you a long way. These people were ready to jump through fire for us. Whatever we asked, they went and got it for us - no questions or hesitation. We spent about $40 US the whole week in tips - a small amount considering that back home I spend twice that on tips in restaurants in one week and some of the waiters/waitresses are unappreciative! SHUTTLE SERVICE: The resort is very big (that's the Bahia Principe style) so to get around from one end of the resort to the other (ie: from the beach to the lobby) they have these little shuttle buses complete with Bus Stops along the main path to take you where you need to go within the resort - provided it's along the main road. It does not go into the building areas.GROUNDS: The greenery and landscaping were beautiful. The grounds are well kept, the lawns groomed and watered, and the banana tress with the little bananas are tasty too! Beautiful backdrops for taking pictures!All in all, we had an excellent experience and i have already recommended this place to some other friends of mine who are going in August. Will wait to see what they have to say. For me and my family, we are planning to return next year with my parents. I know we'll have a great time!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could not wait to leave!!!! We had heard negative stories about Punta Cana but decided to go anyway. Immediately upon arrival we found out that this was not going to be a relaxing vacation! The night prior to our arrival, I emailed the hotel to confirm our arrival time for purposes of our transfers from the airport to the hotel. As expected, no one from the hotel was there to pick us up. After waiting over an hour in extremely hot conditions and several phone calls to the hotel, no one came to get us. We ended up paying $30USD for transfers that were supposedly included in our hotel rate. When we arrived at check in, I presented them with the receipt for the transfers and they argued with me that my reservations did not include transfers despite my emails from Albania confirming same. Needless to say, that after much back and forth, no reembursement for transfers was obtained. This resort is spread out over several acres. Our room was located in a building about a half a mile from the lobby, 400 yards from the beach and about a quarter mile from the nearest restaurant. This was very inconvienent because every time you went somewhere from your room, you would have to walk endless distances in extreme heat. It was exhausting. They provide little buggies to take you from place to place but they are often full with other guests so your options are to wait in the heat for one that is available or walk, neither option is plesant in light of the 95+ temperatures. The pools were nice but very slippery. Our first day, I slipped walking in and cut my hand on the pool floor where tiles were missing. The beach is average. Very little room to swim since there is a net about 15 yards off shore. The food at the buffet was average at best and it sits for hours. Not very good. The all inclusive drinks applied only to Presidente beer and thats it! If you wanted premium brands, prepare to pay. BY the way, this is the only casino I have been in that actually charges you for drinks while you play. go figure? The restaurant food at the steakhouse was very good, all others were very bad.On day three, a rainstorm hit the resort and to our surprise in this supposed 5 star hotel, guests were moving their luggage out of their rooms becuase the rooms were leaking rainwater. Everyone who works in this hotel is clueless on how to treat hotel guests. No one provides you with a straight answer. They either refer you to someone else or tell you they are contacting someone to help you BUT help never arrives. And thats dealing with me that I know how to speak fluent Spanish. I can only imagine the treatment those who cannot speak Spanish get. On four separate occassions we had to take the half mile trek to the lobby to get new room keys because the ones provided did not work. On the last occassion, I approached the front desk for a new key and they advised me they could not give me one because the machine that programs the room keys was also broken.After waiting 40 minutes with a tired 4 year old, they finally sent someone to take me to my room and open it for me. On day 3, at 9:30 am, the MILITARYshowed up at the resort and forcefully entered the resort with semi automatic weapons drawn, putting the fear of God into families in and around the lobby area. The reason, to collect a judgment that the hotel had not paid after losing a lawsuit.Also you could not leave the resort for anything. Conditions in and around Punta Cana are horrible. Very poor areas everywhere you look and people at every turn trying to scam you. Stay AWAY.Finally, you will return with diarrhea and or vomiting. No doubt about it. Everyone on our plane home was complaining about their stomach problems. We have been fortunate to travel the world in our young age and I can say that I have never, ever seen such incompetence, inconvenience and mediocrity. I would like to meet those that rate this resort 5 stars to ask them exactly what they are comparing this resort to when they assign it 5 stars.SO HAPPY TO BE HOME! NEVER AGAIN...  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Caroline07Elliott
<Content>Frist - Class Holiday All The Way :-)       Great Entertainment Staff  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>randydandy
<Content>Good Hotel Hey Guys I am a little bit late with this , My wife and Myself stayed at the Bahai the last week of April. We are in our Mid Forties. we ate at a few of the speciality restaurantsI was not too Fussy on them ,my wife liked them. My main problem was not being able tofigure out what I was ordering and I could not get any info from the Waiters.Who cares, if i did not Like the order the Buffet was open. I liked the Buffet the best large assort. of Food , I could always find something I liked.The beach , We always managed to find a seat with some shade on the beach it looked like most chairs were reserved the night before or REAL early in the Morning. But I WILL NEVER be one of those people LOL.The beach was easly one of the best ive been on and we have done quite a few Countries. To sum it up I liked the place it was a good value.The only thing I did not Like was the way the rooms were set up , when someone leaves the room the noise from the Door closing was loud. So when those losers were getting at 5 and 6 am To get their Chairs reserved it would Jolt you outta bed.For anyone that does not like too much walking I would suggest that you get a roomeither closest to the main Lobby or Closest to the beach as sometimes if you are waiting for the shuttle they were full in the Middle of their route and you had to wait for a few togo bye before you could find a seat if you were at the beach or close to the lobby that is where the shuttles starts and Finishes. I just mentioned this in case you are older andhave troubvle getting aroundIf anyone has any questions feel free to email me at norcross41@yahoo.comI have a good knowledge of the hotel  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>its5oclocksomewhere
<Content>Beautiful Resort My husband and myself just returned yesterday from The Bahia Principe yesterday and have a few things to comment on this resort.This was our 4th time to the DR. 3rd time in Punta Cana. We stayed twice at The Barcelo Caribe in Punta Cana and we also stayed at The Grand Flamenco in Puerto Plata. We have also been to The Mayan Riviera(Grand Palladium) and Jamaica(RIU Tropical Bay).We were at the Bahia Principe from June17-24. Flew with Skyservice. Trip there went smooth, no problems.Check-in was done on the bus ride there. This was great! As soon as we arrived we were taken to our room. We were in the diamond club (room 25301). Beautiful room. A fruit basket, t-shirts, bottle of rum and ballons awaited us (nice touch). Nice big king size bed (very comfy). This section of rooms are closer to the main pool and beach. Rooms very clean. Our maid Dora did a great job! Nice mini bar in room with beer, water and softdrinks. Use the bottled water!!! Their water is not drinkable.Grounds: The grounds are absolutely beautiful. Didn't see one piece of garbage anywhere the whole week. I have never been to any other resort that had such beautiful flowers and greenery than this one. Pools: The pools are all very clean. No complaints. We spent most of the week at the diamond club pool mainly because it was quieter than the others. There was a lot of activity at the main pool as well as a lot of kids. Definately a family oriented resort.Food: Was not impressed with the main buffet. There is a horrible smell in there. You acually smell it in the lobby approaching the buffet. It was bad enough to turn your stomach. The buffet food was no way near 5* quality. Everynight had a theme night but as far as I could see it was the same thing every night. Once we tried the main buffet for breakfast, lunch and dinner and found it to be not of the greatest quality we started eating breakfast and lunch at the Italian Restaurant (IL Capriccio). This is available only to guests in the diamond club section of the resort (well worth the extra few $'s, just for the food alone). The food in there was of a much better quality. It was fresher and tastier and it was a more enjoyable meal just for the simple fact that it was quiet.Snack Bar on the beach had good food. Burgers, fries, pizza, rice, salads, chicken etc. Nice cool breeze from the ocean.A La Cartes: Cafe De Paris- By far this was our best meal of the week. I had the grilled lbster and it was to die for. The atmosphere in there was very quiet and romantic (unlike the main buffet which had kids running all over the place). Would highly reccomend this one (5*).Garden Grill- My husband or myself were not too impressed with our meals here. He ordered a steak which was comparable to a fast fry you would get here and her was only able to eat half of it because of all the fat. I ordered the BBQ chicken which was supposed to come with baked beans and baked potato. The chicken was very good but I got cream corn and what appeared to be pork slices instead of the baked potato and beans. I'm not sure if this was due to the fact that we had the later reservations (9:30) and that they were out of baked potatoes and beans. All in all very disappointing meal.IL Cappriccio: Very busy restaurant. My husband had the grilled lobster and really enjoyed it. I had a great 4 cheese penne. Dinner was finished off with flaming zambuca. Very nice.Shows: Only went to 2 and both were very amateur. This turned us off from going to any others.Activities: There are lots of activities to choose from if you choose to participate such as volleyball, ping-pong, aerobics, mini-golf, beach soccer. Beach: The beach is beautiful. Nice white sand, turquiose waters. You can walk for miles. The water was choppy all week but it was still nice to dip in to cool off.Pueblo Principe: This is like a mrket square where the vendors are set up. They are very aggresive. Be aware. We bought a picture for $20 which started out at $90. In the square you will also find the casino(didn't go), Bachata Disco (didn't go), Piano Bar (good drinks), La Castia (place to go if you want a late night snack like burgers and fries. They are open till 7:00 am) Cigar and liquor store, Internet center, logo shop and lots of little souvenier shops. We didn't bother with paying the $26 US to get the safe. We just kept any valuables locked in our suitcase. This is the first resort that we have been to where they acually charge for the safe. Spa: Did not use. Looked lovelyPublic Relations: They were very helpful when we had inquires.We had 2 minor problems in our room during our stay that were not addressed in a manner that you would expect from a 5* resort. The first one was early one night when there was a rain storm. The rain was coming down pretty good and within no time the water from our balcony was entering our room. At first we just took our room towels and lined the bottom of the sliding doors to soak up the water. This only bandaged the problem, as we added our beach towels because the water was puddling over the towels. We called quest services one the water had run past the toelw and was running underneath our bed. Our response from the front lobby was that is raining outside!!! We pretty much had figured that one out. We went to the lobby 2 hours after the original complaint was made and they had no record of our complaint!! We went out for dinner and upon our return someone had come and mopped up the water. The towels were thrown into a pile on our balcony as well as the comforter from our bed which was wet and didn't replace the towels or comforter which in turn we had to make another call for new towels and comforter. The second problems was with the toilet. It got clogged. 4 hours after our original call still no one to fix the problem. Once again we had to make a second call. When we were out for dinner it had been fixed. We do realize that this is a large resort and they have many other compalints to tend to but I think it's unacceptable that we had to wait so many hours for these roblems to be corrected and that each time we had to make 2 calls. Not 5* service!!!If you are wanting a resort that has a night life.........this is not the place to go. The beach bars close at 4:00 and 6:00!!! After that you have to go to the main lobby to get a drink which only serves till 11:00 and after that you have to go to the square!! With a resort this size you would think that they would have bars throughout the resort that serve into the night. If you are in the diamond or gold club you have quite a way to go to get a drink if you just want to have a quiet night and sit on you balcony. It was very inconvenient!!!Staff: They try their best. The english/spanish language barrier is very evident and difficult at times. If you speak spanish you will be fine.Overall we did have a nice week but would not go back to this resort. If you have any question please feel free to eamil me with your questions and I will do my best to answer them.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>stench due to ecological area after staying for one week,..i must tell you that all appears ok,..till you have or need anything,....everybody is deaf and mute.they sold postcards,....ha ! try mailing something or let alone buy a postage stamp,...i challenge you !things and service is a bumpy ride,...all the way,...cafeteria food,....japanese cuisine with background laughter and staff making barking sounds ! this is the type of humour,..you do not want to deal with,....there is no seriousness.lastly no agency will tell you that in the middle of this huge resort (5star) there is an ecological area ? more like swamp land,....that has a serious sewage stench,...i will never go back,...even if they would offer for free !  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sarahygrc
<Content>Loved the hotel       This was the bathroom  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OKAY. But do not recomend it!! We stayed in this hotel from June 18th to June 25th 2006.The good: The hotel looks very nice, the rooms are big and confortable, the food was okay at the buffet restaurant but not good enough to be called a 5 star resort.- The beach was great- The bar service was good- The pool snack restaurant was good.- And the pools were overall good.- Maid service was very good...- The mini club for kids was goodThe bad: Where to begin!!...- The smell around the resort was horrible. The smell was so strong you could get it even inside the restaurants and in some rooms. Imagine if you can, raw sewage around the gardens and common areas in the resort. We confronted the management of the hotel and all they could come up with was that it was due to the humidity. - The food in the a la carte restaurants was horruible except for the japaneese restaurants, and even that wasn't great. The service was very slow and we could not understand why...At some point we thought about getting up and leaving. Imagine getting the apatizers and having to wait more than 1 hour for your main dish and then when it comes, it is cold...- The shows for the must part were average at best. Then again you don't come here for the shows.Conslusions: DO NOT GO HERE!!!!....Specially if you come from the US or Canada...This hotel caters to Europeans....  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great My girlfriend and I stayed at the beautiful Gran Bahia Principe the week of May 22nd till May 29th. The hotel was very nice and big. I must admit the staff works very hard for the little money that they do get for working so many hours a day. The beach was very clean and if you walk a little to the left of the hotel you can get a private area for you and your other. The water to the left a half mile down is cleaner due to no hotel traffic in the water. The pools are great but a little to warm for our liking. The club was okay nothing special . There were pretty cool karaoke nights and we sang our hearts out. Make the most out of the trip, dont forget your not in the U.S. The bartenders are great and the main lobby bar was the best, the bartenders dance and are very nice to everyone. We upgraded to Club Golden and it was well worth it. We got a close up room to the beach and the pools, what more could you ask for?....The food was very good at the buffets and no on in our party got sick at all. There were three nights where there was no air conditioning in the hotel, but it was livable and not to bad. Plus the hotel was nice enough to give everyone who complained a nice 3 night stay for free when they come back next time. There was a room safe which we needed to pay for but we got our money back for it, so we had no complaints. We heard from other people the massages were good but we did not get them. To go from the rooms to the restuarants in the lobby you would need to take the trollys. The trollys were extremely fast and always available to go anywhere you need to. The staff at the resort work their butts of and make every effort to understand you and help you understand them. We learn a lot of different words everytime we come back to Punta Cana ( 6th time there). This was by far one of the best hotels in Punta Cana which we stayed at. My girlfriend and I are going back in a few weeks and are expecting a good time just like we had the first time. We have stayed in Cancun before and Riviera Maya and Punta Cana is by far the best place to relax, and enjoy what you paid for. The entertainment was very good and it made us laugh all the time. We enjoyed everytime they took us on stage and did crazy things with us. We played all sorts of games and interacted with everyone. We made a lot of friends there with people from other states and countries and enjoyed all of their company. The rooms were very nice and we never saw any masquitos at all. We were never bitten by any bugs while down there. There is no need for masquito spray. There is plenty of liquor down there and boy does that Mamajuana hit ya. Try the Rojo Diablo its crazy, I had about 4 of them plus Rum 151 and a shot of vodka and 4 of Mamajuana and boy was I done for a few hours. I did not do any excursions but my girlfriend went on the Sea Doo excursion, she said it was amazing and well worth the money. All of the restaurants and buffets were extremely nice. Try the wine its okay, nothing special, as I like hard liquor. We would definetly say this hotel was amazing in all the ways and very worth the money we spent on this holiday spent together.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Terrible My family ( me, husband and 7 years old son) went to this resort May 21. I want to point some cons for those who plan on going.Air conditioning didn't work for the whole week and staff seems didn't care much. We couldn't sleep, eat and there wasn't any rest from steamy hot weather. There were only promises to fix it, which never happened during our stay. And this is 5* resort, we went to 4* stars before, and let me tell you Bahia doesn't deserve even 3*. Can you imagine this resort during the hurricane? Management just didn't handle situation well. Neither any acceptable offer was attempted to cover this inconvenience and conditions. We did paid for AC suites, which we didn't get.Then bartenders at the beach pool were realy rude, they just made anything they want and not even close to what you asked. Also making dirty comments about ladies.We planned on snorkling trip, paid money and waited for a bus to pick us up for a 2.5 hours, which by the way never came and we have to cancell this trip.So if I were you, I would choose another resort.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>jaymade
<Content>had a blast , loved it!!! June 5-10 / 06If you want to see photos slide show follow this link:http://jaymade.com/honeymoon.html We had a great time on our honeymoon. Highly recommend. I thought the buffets were impressive. It is a fairly large resort. But easy to get around. The drinks flowed. You had to ask for the topshelf booze. Tipping is not required but is appreciated. The people were very friendly on the resort. I wouldn't stray to far off of grounds at night and if you decide to go on an excursion definitely book through resort. Some reviews complained about the walking distance. It took about 10 minutes from the beach to the front lobby. And trams ran like every 5 minutes. Maybe that is too much for some folks. I felt like I needed to go for a walk after all that food and booze. The wine offered was so so. But you could buy a better bottle for like 20 buck.  I would recommend learning some basic Spanish before visiting. Take plenty of sunblock, Pepto  Amonium AD, some sort of mosquito repellent. The blood suckers come out at night with a vengeance and have ninja training. They leave whelps the size of nickels. Do not under any circumstance getting an unmarked cab, drink the tap water and eat mayo that is left out in 90+ heat. But this is common sense and there are plenty people lacking in this department, enough to warn everyone that hops off an airplane.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort, Poor Service Just got back from Bahia Principe June 17/06. Before leaving for my Vacation, i read all of the reviews posted every day. Despite the great and not so great reviews, I still chose to see this resort for myself. One Major comment: STAY AWAY FROM THE BUFFET! Apparently the Resort's A/C broke down the week before we got there, but when i stayed there it was back up and running. Breakdown of the Resort in my opinion:ROOMS: The rooms were actually pretty large, and clean. When we got there on the side table we noticed a family of aunts. My husband and I stayed in Villa 31. (right in the middle of everything, and right infront of the Premier Pool) The maid was ok.. Didn't really speak English, so it was hard asking for things.POOL: It was crystal clear. Large and Beautiful. Most people hang out at the Main pool closest to the lobby, and the pool closes to the beach, so this was perfect for a quiet and relaxing day.WEATHER: SUNSHINE ALL DAY LONG...It ony rained one night at about 9pm. Heavy Rain for about only 20 minutes. MOSQUITOS: None! Between the both of us, didn't get one bite! BEACH: Gorgeous, it's absolutely breathtaking.BUFFET:(Bugamvillia's) One word...SUCKED! The smell was horrible when entering the buffet. The smell of sewage was soo strong, it turned your stomach. The service there was also horrible. We walked in, and before going up for food, ordered our drinks, and by the time we were finished lunch, our drink still had not arrived. this happened most of the week. so we went prepared by going to the lobby bar first, ordering drinks and bringing them to the buffet. The food itself at the buffet, was alright...something different every night. GOURMET RESTAURANTS: we did The french, Italian, Steak, and Mediteranian...those were really good.. fast service...and really clean. SPA: was incredible...my husband and i went 6 times... Gets expensive by the end, but well worth it! Tips: From the past reviews, all ppl spoke about was making sure you tipped. Tipping did not get you better or faster service...it only gets you a smile and a handshake!! If you are going to tip, tip less than $5US!!Shops @ the Resort Circle: Bargain.. if you're not good at barganing,... Learn. I bought a necklace, the guy began his price at $85 US and i ended up buying for for $ 14.US...All and all, the resort itself is beautiful.. unfortuneately something my husband and I ate, made us sick, and are now both on antibitocs for Stoamch Infections. I've travelled to Mexico before, and would consider it paradise compared to the Dominican Republic. If i had to recommend Punta Cana to anyone, i wouldn't.... and if you do decide to go, please make sure to bring some of your own food to avoid the buffet!!!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lexxie99
<Content>Absolutely Perfect!!! My Husband and I just got back from the Gran Bahia Principe--Punta Cana. We went from June 11th to 18th for our honeymoon, and were we ever impressed. It was absolutely amazing. Here is a brief (some what) overview of our stay: We took the 6:30am flight from Pearson on Sunday, and arrived at Punta Cana International Airport at around 10:30am. It was awesome. The Airport was absolutely wonderful--hard to believe that it was an international airport at all!! Remember to wear something really light--was I ever shock to discover the heat when we landed. We got through customs quickly, and off to the resort we went. If you鈥檙e like me, and have never been to a third world country before, it is a huge culture shock. Vehicles traveling in all sorts of directions, a family of four w/ a baby on a small motorcycle, motorcyclists driving with propane tanks, drivers going extremely quick into on coming traffic鈥 think you get my drift. We were absolutely floored when we arrived through the gates at the Resort. The grounds were beautiful. The Lobby area was huge, and immaculate. Check in was a breeze. We got upgraded to the honeymoon suite and stayed in Villa 22 (Rm. 22104) right by the beach in the Golden Club Section. I don鈥檛 know what some of the complaints were about鈥攖he Staff were extremely Friendly, and quite frankly, their English was good enough to understand, what are we really expecting?鈥or all the staff to speak English Fluently鈥ike I said, it is a third world country, and these people get paid less then $1 per hour (yes, I know, tips aren鈥檛 included yet, however鈥?, and they work their butt off to please us! Our suite was perfect. Nice and Cold with the Fan on at all times. We bought along a suitcase full of gifts for the children in the village, and lots of gifts for our maid. We always left her a $2 w/ a gift. Our first night we received a bottle of rum, a fruit plate, the second night we received a bag w/ two shirts and more fruits, and on the third night we received another bottle of rum and two more shirts鈥nd yes, more fruit. Our Bar fridge was always equipped with bottled water, pop, and beer (we found that we didn鈥檛 use it as much). We never had to wait for a trolley to get back to the lobby鈥lthough it was a pain sometimes if you forget something at your hotel room, and have to take the trolley鈥?both ways usually took 7-10 minutes. Food: The Buffet was good, lots of choices for eaters of all types (including children). We ate every morning at the Buffet, and had lunch and dinner there once鈥he rest of the time we ate at the burger stand/buffet area on the beach right by our room鈥攆ood was good, although a bit salty. We were always full. We had 4 a la carts, here is our ranking: French鈥攁wesome. Italian鈥攁mazingSteakhouse--GoodMediterranean鈥擸uck. I guess it just depends of the type of food you order. We found that the service was excellent in all the restaurants. We did Room Service about 3 times. The BLT and Fry combo is the Best!!!!! This is all included in the Golden Club section. Night Life: We went out once to a Bar on the resort. Really Fun!My husband and I have absolutely nothing to complain about. This was an amazing adventure and experience. We would definitely go back to this Resort in a heart beat. Oh, and I did use the tap water a few times to brush my teeth with鈥攖his appears to be fine. Our Air Canada Rep have been there for 2 years, and said it was fine to do so. I did not get sick.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Week!               More photos  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Andrew_From_Hamilton
<Content>Just The Facts - okay, but some problems We stayed at the BP from May 21st - May 28th. I'll try to approach this from as an objective a standpoint as I can. Check in was a little crazy. There were a lot of bell-boys, which is always nice, but none of them spoke english. It was dark out, and I wanted to make sure the bags were not misplaced, so trying to find someone who could give us straight directions was a little difficult, but we managed just fine with a little patience. The microphone on the bus on the way there was malfunctioning too, so we were only getting partial instructions at the rear of the bus. Everything worked out fine, it was just a little crazy.The rooms: They're nice. We were on the 2nd floor and didn't have any bug problems. Our maid, Wanda, did an excellent job every day and we have no complaints. Our remote control for the tv did not work. On the first day, i took the batteries out, and placed them on top of two, one dollar bills, hoping to get new batteries for the remote. We never saw the remote again... Also, make sure you point the shower head as best you can away from the glass wall or else you'll have a mess on the floor after.Front desk: There were some top notch service people there. They explained how to use the safe very well, and provided concise, accurate directions around the hotel when you asked. The pools: The diamond pool was closed while we were there for repair, even though we didn't really see any repairs being done. It wasn't that big of a deal, there are plenty of other pools. We didn't spend a lot of time in them, however, since they were in at least the high 90's. Not that big a deal for us though, since there was a nice ocean only a few feet away. I'm not sure what happened, but on the 3rd day, we jumped in the pool with the pool bar quickly on our way back to our rooms from the beach and I opened my eyes underwater for a split second. Did I ever regret that...... I don't know if it was alcohol, chlorine, or something else but my eyes burned for about 20 minutes. I stood under one of the beach showers for a long time flushing out my eyes before the pain stopped. If you've got kids, you may want to talk to them about not opening their eyes while in there.The beach: The beach, physically, is gorgeous. They kept the sand free of debris, there are no shells to step on, and the water is nice and clear. I don't know if this is typical, but during our visit, there were hardly any waves at all. This would be ideal if you're travelling with children, but for me it was a little boring. I've always enjoyed choppier water, and this barely had enough kick to wash the sand away from under my feet while standing at the ocean's edge.The food / drinks: I can't complain about any food in specific, it tasted good for the most part and the drinks were fair too. I can't identify specifically what it was, however, but after the first day I developed a severe case of diariah. I did not drink the tap water at all. The only water I had was in the restaurants, which we were assured was safe, and from the ice cubes in other drinks. The severe diariah affected all 4 of us in our party, and was so severe for myself, that I could not keep the pepto in me long enough for it to take effect. Around mid week, I finally got fed up and more then doubled the suggested dose to stop it up. This continued for more then a week after we got back as well. I was constantly fighting to stay hydrated, and made beach / lobby bar outings awkward.The Entertainment: If you're going to one of these places for the entertainment, then you probably deserve to be disappointed. I've always been of the opinion, it's up to you to make the vacation. What I'm saying is, the entertainment was typically poor, but the effort was appreciated.The Staff: People are people. It's no different in Toronto or NY then it is in Punta Cana. We encountered staff that were incredible. Specifically, the girls in the Lobby bar did a fantastic job every single night. They were friendly and enthusiastic. In other places, we found the staff to be not very helpful. One security guard asked us, quite randomly, for a tip. When asked why, he responded quite clearly with, just give me a tip. Like I said, people are people. Don't get too worked up over it.Pueblo Principe: The entertainment square has quite a few shops and kiosks were you can buy souveniers etc. If you aren't prepared for confrontation, don't go anywhere near the kiosks. One night, I was sprinting across the square to try and make it to the bathroom on time, and was nearly tackled by a salesman from a kiosk trying to put a cheap coconut necklace on me, and trying to tell me about Sammy Sosa and Carlos Delgado (I was wearing my Blue Jays hat). It wasn't appreciated. Making it to the bathroom was pretty time sensitive.Air Conditioning: Simply put, it was out, resort wide (except a select few restaurants) for 3 days (2 nights). It was uncomfortable and not desirable. After complaining to our Sunquest Rep, we were refunded $120 USD / room in cash immediately on site. Special thanks to the 2 guys from Montreal who told us about the complaint procedure. Palapas: I kept this separate from the beach for a reason. If you want one close to a bar, reserve it with a towel early in the morning or the night before. It's not supposed to be allowed, but everyone was doing it anyway. When facing the beach, off to the left there were always plenty of palapas left later in the day for late risers, but it's quite a walk to the closest bar if you want a drink. I neglected to bring a mug with me this time, and will never forget again. Be prepared. Spend a few $$s before you go on a giant mug so that you can take lots of cold drinks back to your palapa with you. Trams: The people movers were prompt and useful. No complaints.The Construction: There was construction going on (looked like a new resort being built) right next to our rooms. Around 9am the screaching steel from the construction equipment and earth movers would start and wake us up. Not a big deal since we were just about ready to get up around then anyway, but it might have been nice to have had the option to try and sleep in later.I wouldn't go back to this resort. We've had better experiences elsewhere, and to be quite honest, I wouldn't waste the opportunity to see a new place by going back here.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutly perfect place! The great and the not so great, lets do the not so great first, there is so little to talk about here that it will be quick.1st,Yes there is an odor on occasion, it is not sewage, it comes from the brackish water assoiciated with any tidale area, the odor is not constant, but you will smell it out side the lobby bar.2nd do not drink the water or even brush your teeth with the tap water in your rooms, we were supplied with enough water for this using bottled water. That is it for the bad section of this review!!!!!Now for the good, I'll keep this simple GO THERE !!!!!! This place is truly perfect!!!! It is not a singles,or adult only place, it is a family place!!! all ages.If you have any questions, or would like any helpful hints, e-mail me at skidann453@hotmail.com please title the mail Punta Cana, so I don't dump it with the bulk mail.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Kids - Food and Service at Gran Bahia Principe Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana- Returned June 15, 2006If you are traveling with kids, don鈥檛 go here. Little to no activities for the kids and no kid friendly food. The resort is beautiful, so are the beaches and pools. The staff caters to the European traveler, not to Americans. Service was poor. Most do not speak English, and a smile was rare to see. Having been to Jamaica and Mexico prior, I had expected the staff to be happy to see the resort busy, and glad for the tips. Tipping a Bartenders or wait staff got you no better service. This might be because the staff works 12 or more hours a day. Housekeeping would assign one person to each villa. We would see her start at 7Am, and still be cleaning at 7PM. While I felt bad for her, many times during the 7 days she was not in our room until 4 or 5PM. This was very inconvenient if you wanted to chill out in your room or have the kids rest a bit before dinner. Towels were as thin as ones I wash my car with, and clean ones did not often get delivered until after dinner. The dinner and breakfast buffets were just okay. Pretty much the same were served each day. Our package came with 3 ala carte restaurants. We ate at the Japanese, Mediterranean and the Garden Grill. The Japanese and Mediterranean were both great. Don鈥檛 go to the Garden Grill. Everyone in our party of 12 thought that the food was just awful, even the desserts.Sunbathing topless was everywhere here, even at the swim up bars and pool games, so don鈥檛 go here if that makes you uncomfortable. I felt I did get my monies worth, but I would not return here, nor would I recommend the resort to families traveling with kids.Naperville, IL USA  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JenStar2
<Content>Great Resort...Great Vacation!       View from Balcony - Golden Club  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOved it! My fiance and I just got back from a week vacation at Bahia Principe with our two kids. we had an amazing time, the food is great! (please take pepto or antyhign on a daily basis!) we had lobster every single day that we stayed down there.The staff:Very friendly, always willing to help. We gave tips ALL THE TIME, if you could talk to them, you will learn how much these people make a month, and trust me, once you tip they look for you everywehre and go out their way to help you and give you antyhing you want.THE ROOM:was very nice too, complained about not having enough towels once and that was it.RESTAURANTS:we went to the Buffett, las olas ( ewww, not good), The French (very good) and THE BEST EL Pescador.....it was GREAT (if you like Seafood as much as we do).The Beach:Very nice, i wish i was there again.Overall, it was a great hotel, not meant to bring kids.....for sure. Had a few problems, we got there around 9:30 am on a saturday and teh room wasnt ready until 3pm.....so in the mean time we had to hang out in teh lobby or just walk around wich i didnt mind if i didnt have two kids and two strollers and it was HOOOOOOOOT! (mind you, we're used to the AC, WE LOVE AMERICA!) LOLOne of the guys that drives the train was rude to us and it got sort out since he thought we didnt know spanish and said a few things about us out loud! (GOTCHA!)....but he apologized and was very surprised taht i was BLONDE and undestood everything he said.Other than that GREAT place to hang out, try not to eat too much because once we were back in the states we all got sick, the kids and everyone got sick, i think we caught a virus or something.A lot of staff people told us how cheap some clients are, especially europeans, they said not even a Dollar they will give them, so HELLO help these people out, $1 makes a difference for them.Just remmeber TIP TIP TIP TIP TIP!!!!ciao!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Buyer beware We returned a couple of weeks ago from a 7-day vacation spent at Gran Bahia Principe (May 22 鈥?29th, 2006). From afar, one would be impressed by how nicely groomed the grounds are and the way this huge resort is set up - it comprises of many 2 and 3-story buildings with Jnr suites, several swimming pools, white-sand beach, multitude of restaurants and architecturally beautiful central reception area. However, a 5-star resort proves its value best when things go wrong and they failed poorly during our stay. As previous reviewers pointed out, the entire resort was without A/C for days. It's bad enough that there was nowhere to go and cool down; the blazing sun beating down on you mercilessly from the cloudless skies drained most of one's energy. The swimming pool was like a bath-tub of hot water, the ocean just slightly cooler. When you went back to your room the fan could not cool the room down sufficiently, and if you left the balcony door open to try and catch a breeze (there was none), with no screen you became fodder for the bugs. When you went to eat at the restaurants, all the establishments were overheated due to the cooking done and the amount of people seated in the confined space. The worst was when we went to the Japanese restaurant Maiko, they took us to a small room seating 10 people around a grill where the chef would grill the food on the spot. Great idea? No, as you walk in you start perspiring, by the time the chef puts the meat on the grill you are dripping all over the hot food you really don't feel like eating at all. We kept on asking questions/ demanding answers, going back between the hotel management staff, Gold Club representative  Tour operator representative day in and out without ever getting a straight answer about when we would get the A/C back on and what progress they were making. One of the Customer reps even took us to a site to show us how the staff were working on the repairs - only to see a bunch of poor, overheated Dominicans each hiding in their piece of shade trying to grab a shut-eye. The management offered compensation, 3 days off our next visit. Nice idea, if we were fools enough to ever come back again! I don't think so! The attitude was such that we were to expect it to be warm and just endure it, suck it up like the Dominicans do. However, we paid for a luxury, 5-star, all-inclusive resort with all the listed amenities at our disposal - not to suck it up like the locals do. We all know how valuable our vacation days are, so when we pay thousands of dollars to get what was promised to us then we expect to get what we paid for.General comments:Rooms: nice, spacious, clean, and functional.Hotel: the grounds are well groomed, this being a big, 1500+ room resort organized around 2-and 3-storied houses, had a well organized train running 24/7 between the villas and the central reception/restaurant/ entertainment area.Beach: white sand, plenty of lounge chairs, but best spots taken early in the morning. There was a beach bar serving all sorts of cocktails/ drinks during the day.Pools: just off the beach was the largest pool with pool bar, shallow end and whirlpool area. The bar staff very nice, happy to please a mostly rowdy and loud crowd of people (Canadians  Americans mostly) who have by the end of the day all consumed more than enough of alcohol. Some of the guests seemed to forget their manners and decency after the first drink, but the staff managed them nicely too. There are two other pools in the middle area of the resort, however one was drained of water and being fixed during our stay, the other similar to the large one has a pool bar to swim to and is of decent size. Restaurants: The food was often bland, but there was variety. Fish and meat were generally overcooked and not too appealing. Be careful with seafood, we all suffered during and after our stay from food poisoning. The Japanese restaurant is a joke really, far from authentic. The French Caf茅 de Paris is decent, nice wine-server. The Mexican and Seafood restaurants are passable. The 2 Buffet restaurants are fine really; in hindsight they had the best choice of stuff for anybody鈥檚 palette. Entertainment: they try, but don鈥檛 really succeed. More entertaining are actually the barmen/ waiters who will on occasion just start dancing to the Latin beats with a guest and that is fun to watch (living proof that you have to be born with rhythm). There were scuba and wind-surfing lessons offered, but we didn鈥檛 attempt them so cannot comment. All in all 鈥?the management of a 5-star resort should be able to manage an A/C situation much better. It is tough working in the tourism industry, granted, but we all get cranky when someone/ something usurps our vacation, and Gran Bahia had no grace under fire. The place is a bit boring, but not something that could be called a calm, restful vacation spot as the rowdy drunks and small children see to that.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very relaxing My husband and I were at this resort from June 3-10, and enjoyed it immensely. We have been to Cuba twice, the Mayan Riviera in Mexico, and La Romana area in the Dominican previously and we would rank the Gran Bahia Principe a strong 4+ resort. The service was excellent - couldn't be beat; the beach was the best we've seen so far; our room and maid were wonderful; food selections more than adequate - had wonderful lobster here. I was a little disappointed with the Japanese restaurant because I was comparing it to the one in Mexico (which I would have rated at 10 compared to this one) The food was OK but there was no real show to it, and we did not like being taken to another table to have our dessert alone. But the Garden Grill (steakhouse) and seafood restaurant were wonderful. The seafood restaurant also doubles as an alternate breakfast/lunch spot, rather than going to the buffets - we went there several times and found it less busy. The buffets always had a great selection to choose from - we certainly didn't have any trouble finding something to eat . . .and the BBQ near the beach pool was a hit at lunch time with its hamburgers, pizza, and chicken. What surprised us was that there was always good salad choices - quite often the lettuce and tomatoes are awful - but not here - I had salad everyday.Spotlessly clean everywhere, maids and gardeners always working on something. The trains convenient, but we didn't use them a lot. The central walkways were easy to use.We speak a few words of Spanish now but didn't find the language to be an issue here at all. The wait staff were always helpful.We would usually have a drink in the lobby after dinner and listen to the music there, then see if the night show was something we wanted to see. We're not night-hawks, prefering to get up early, get a great spot on the beach, and then go for breakfast. Most days were spent with the morning on the beach, lunch at the BBQ, then to the pool . . . although we were not in the Diamond club, we were in a the building beside it - we used that exclusive pool all week, and enjoyed chair-side service and some specialty drinks served to us, like Mimosa's, in the afternoons.I've mentioned that it was a very relaxing holiday - we didn't leave the resort once - but that was unintentional . . . two days before we left I came down with a horrible head cold, and the first few days of our vacation were spent taking decongestants and cough syrup. We had planned to go deep sea fishing on this trip, but by the time I was feeling a little better, we realized that we were having an OK time just relaxing. When we got home, we really felt the benefits of our down-time holiday.Before we left on our vacation, I had emailed the customer service department, requesting a room above the ground floor and with a king bed - and mentioned that the reason we were taking this vacation was that both my husband and I were celebrating our 50th birthday's this year . . .when we got to our room, we found balloons hanging from the curtains and all the lights, a fruit plate, 2 small bottles of premium rum and 4 resort t-shirts, with a happy birthday note - and the room what exactly what I'd asked for. We were happy campers right from the start.I'd definately go back to this resort - we had a great time and the beach was to die for . . . and look for the member of the animation team that dresses up everyday . . that was hysterical.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service can make or break a trip... Just got back from Bahia Principe on June 10th, 6/3-06/10.When I arrived at Bahia Principe I was very impressed by the resort. The looks of the resort was definitely 4 star but the food and service a 1 star.Pros - The Resort is in great shape and very clean, pools are awesome and the water temp is perfect, the beach was wonderful and big with plenty of chairs. I definitely recommend the Ala Carte Restaurants. We ate the Japanese, French and Mexican Restaurant. We had loved the Japanese and French but didn't care too much for the Mexican (these meals were the best food we had on our entire trip)Cons - The food was AWFUL! The buffets were the worst and bad smell would hit you before you enter the buffet. I've been to a few AI, Sandals Ocho Rios (2x) and a Royal Caribbean cruise, and the food was great but this food was just horrible. The cheese didn't melt, the pasta was hard, seafood was mush, eggs disgusting and I could go on!The service at the hotel was non existent especially if you are an American. We had an awful sewage smell in our room (37202) and tried many times to get a different room but every time we complained to somebody they either told me to ask someone else or after speaking perfect English they suddenly didn't understand what we were saying. So we just purchased a couple packs of incenses and burned them incessantly to mask the odor. I also got violently sick at this resort during dinner so I know it was food related. For 3 days I had diarrhea and had to stay close to the toilet. Also, in my opinion, I don't think this resort is too friendly towards Americans, just by the vibes I got from others.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Resort!       By the shipwreck  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>betty1234
<Content>Beautiful Resort First and foremost let me start by saying this resort is beautiful. Food is very good, entertainment is not the best but overall entertaining, pools were great, beach crystal clear water. Beware Bavarro Runners we took a tour is was a nice trip well worth it but don't buy their DVD $35.00 and we did not come out on the video at all! They pretended to video tape us during the trip so my boyfriend bought it, well sure enough when we got home and viewed the tape we didn't not come out on the DVD they already have them in stock and they pretend to video tape while you are on the trip. That was my only complaint I would go back today if I could and stay 1 month. Great for families, singles, couples.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Erin_0929
<Content>Beautiful hotel with a few wedding bumps along the way! My husband and I just got back from our stay at the Bahia Principe (June 4-11). We went with a group of 40 people for our wedding and for the most part everyone had a blast down there!The room:This was one of our biggest complaints for us. Being a couple getting married at the resort our package was supposed to include an upgraded room鈥?this was NOT the case for us. We were in villa 33, which is the middle of the resort. Our room had two double beds, which seems kind of silly for a couple that is there to get married. Like I said, we went with a group of 40 and only 3 rooms out of the whole group had double beds-ours, my parents and my aunt and uncle.. go figure the rest of the group got king beds. The front desk was not very accommodating in finding us a room with a king bed at least. Our room was average. Our maid was AWESOME鈥? She went out of her way to decorate our room each day with flowers. We left her little trinkets and $3 each day. She seemed to really enjoy the trinkets. Another issue we had was two of the couples went to check into their rooms and other people already occupied them. The whole ordeal took close to 48 hours to fix and in the end the couples ended up with upgraded rooms by the main pool鈥?again where was my wedding upgrade? Haha . The room was always cleaned in good timing.. infact, I think our room was actually being cleaned twice a day, which was nice!The food:I have to say that I really liked the food. There was a wide variety of dishes to pick from at the buffet everyday. Beware.. the food is a little salty at times. My favourite place to eat was the buffet by the beach in front of the main pool. The pasta was awesome there! We ate at the French, Mexican, Italian, and Mediterranean restaurants. Everyone from the group who ate beef at the French and Mexican restaurant was ill for the 24 hours following. I really enjoyed all of them except the French restaurant. We found the service a bit slow, but that was because we had such a large group of people.. so it wasn鈥檛 their fault. Resort Grounds and Pool/Beach:BEAUTIFUL!!! You can tell that the staff really takes pride in their resort. Everything is kept immaculate looking. The pools were surprisingly clean for the amount of people using them. The beach was awesome. The sand was so white and the ocean was so clean. You didn鈥檛 have to worry about stepping on anything in the ocean because you could see the bottom clearly. The only thing I wasn鈥檛 crazy about on the beach was the sand fleas鈥?everyone in the group got bit by them like crazy on the beach, but you get that at any beach I think!The Staff:The staff was extremely friendly at all times. We don鈥檛 speak Spanish so it was a little hard to communicate sometimes, but they always tried to understand or get someone to translate for them. The only issue we had the whole stay was with the two couples being checked into a room that was already occupied. The management was not very fast at getting the issue resolved.The wedding:Although the wedding was nice.. the ceremony was VERY disorganized. Marianna did a good job with setting everything up and going through a rehearsal with us. She met with us the day before and went through all of the details with us. It seemed like everything was under control. The day of the wedding was smooth in the beginning. I am a hairstylist so I did the bridesmaids hair along with my girlfriend who is also a hairstylist. The photographer (who is absolutely amazing) arrived on schedule to start taking photos. Once we finished the photos in the room we were to meet downstairs and a train would pick us up at 4:45. The train was late by 15 minutes and drove right past us when it did show up. When we arrived at the gazebo all of the guests and the rest of the wedding party were everywhere鈥?no one had been seated and the music that was to be used for the wedding party and myself to walk down the isle to was playing already. Once the wedding coordinator realized we had arrived she got everyone to stand on the outside of the gazebo. We immediately started to walk down the isle. The guests had no idea what to do so some started to sit in the chairs and others stood in confusion. Eventually it got sorted out鈥?but the ceremony was already taking place. There was supposed to be someone coming to perform the ceremony for us, but instead Marianna did it. The music for the first dance was the wrong song and the father/daughter and son/mother songs were skipped completely. We had a video made as well because we wanted to be able to show our wedding at the reception we are having later this month. It is terrible!!! If you don鈥檛 need the video I suggest skipping it or have someone use a video cam to record it. The quality is about that of a home video except it has a huge price tag attached to it!The trip overall was very good. Everyone had a great time. Just remember to bring your pepto/Imodium and a lot of sunscreen!If you have any questions please feel free to email me: mckay_erin@hotmail.com  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HJNJ
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I have just returned from a week at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana and loved it. We were there from May 30th to June 4th. Since TripAdivor's reviews helped us to pick this hotel, I thought it was important to leave our opinion here too.HOTEL: Beautiful, well kept grounds, clean and big. Our villa #8 was close to the pool and the beach and our room in the first floor was perfect. No mosquitoes problems at all and no stairs to deal with. There鈥檙e trains running constantly and we never had to wait long for one. Only saw people waiting when they were in a large group.STAFF: Always pleasant and helpful. We got extra pillows and more water bottles as we asked promptly. One problem we had was when trying to contact the front desk to help w/ an international phone call. We could not make calls from our room and we just ended up using our cell phone to do it. BUFFET: Every day there鈥檚 a different theme at the main buffet. Our first night (Tuesday) was 鈥淚talian鈥?night and we were disappointed. It鈥檚 not that it was bad; it was just very different from the Italian flavor we鈥檙e used to. All the other days were good. The 鈥淒ominican鈥?night was the best, great food. We love the breakfast spread. Tons of fruits, juices and breads. Plus eggs, bacon and all the works for those who like that.The snack bar by the pool was good too. We had burgers there twice. The snack bar by the beach is a great choice for lunch because of the view. Same food spread was the same as the one by the pool. RESTAURANTS: We loved the French restaurant. The ambiance is very romantic and elegant and the food was very good.Be advised that men have to wear long pants at the restaurants. We didn鈥檛 know that and my husband had only 2 pairs of pants that got repeated a couple of times.The Japanese restaurant at the Bavaro side was also good and nice. In my opinion, it lacked flavor but wasn鈥檛 bad. Try the fried ice cream for dessert.Garden Grill was our third reservation. It鈥檚 a beautiful restaurant by the pool and the food was excellent. Try the 鈥渃hurrasco鈥? their recommendation, which was delicious! In all three restaurants they served after dinner drinks without you asking.POOL: We went to the pool by the beach every time. It鈥檚 large and pretty. The swim-up bar is great and the drinks very good. We loved banana Mama and Coco Loco. A shot of Mama Juana was also a must. We had fresh towels in our room every night and during the day we鈥檇 exchange them for clean ones by the pool.They have entertainment there in the afternoon. We found it a little annoying as the guy on the microphone talked very loud and it was hard to read a book there if you were not playing the games w/ the rest of the people. BEACH: Beautiful! Most of the palapas close to the bar were taken by 9am, but we always went to the right of it and found free palapas every day. Tons of chairs in the sun. The sand is soft and white. No shells.One thing we didn鈥檛 like was that they told us we needed reservation for the pedal boat and they were booked for 2 days, even though there were at least 2 pedal boats sitting on the sand all day on those two days they told us we couldn鈥檛 make reservations.Suggestions: Bring extra sunscreen, shampoo or anything you could run out of. I forgot to bring my hair conditioner (the hotel only provides shampoo) and what could have cost me $2.50 in the States ended up costing me $10 at the hotel.Don鈥檛 bother buying calling cards to use there b/c you can鈥檛 make a 1-800 call there.They love when you try to speak Spanish. We鈥檇 definitely go back!!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wedding in paradise I stayed here from 18May-01 June and had a fantastic time !!There were 16 of us who went for my wedding, we travelled with First Choice and had a few hiccups with them, they said we had seats together but in fact we were all scattered right the way throught the aircraft with some of us sat on our own with strangers, not good on a 9 hour flight!! then there was no gluten free meal for one of the party and no child meal which was paid for!!When we got there transfer was quick and they checked us in on the bus which was great as you could go straight to your room.Rooms - They were very spacious and clean, our maid Jaqauline did a great job, she always made nice arrangements with towels and flowers, it was a nice!! Our Jaccuzzi bath didnt work very well and made a bit of noise but we werent bothered, everyone elses were fine !! we were in block 18 which worked out well, during the day we had to take the bus up and down to the beach but on an evening everthing was close by.Food - We were all amazed by the choice in the buffet, there was something for everyone, if picky eaters struggle they should stay at home because you just couldnt fault it. We also ate in the Japenese (great food but air con wasnt working so we just wanted to eat and get out, shame!!), Italian (we liked this one best, good food and service!!), Mexican (we dont usually eat mexican so it was the chance to eat something we wouldnt usually, again great food but service wasnt as good as others bit slower!!), Steakhouse (close runner up to Italian, the steak in there is to die for mmmmmmm!!!) fantastic food overall.Pools - The pools are really nice, you have to be up early to get beds with shade though, and yes it is annoying when people reserve them then dont appear till after lunch, especially when they have no children with them.THE WEDDING - The day was fantastic the wedding co-ordinators Marianna and Nora did a great job, everything ran smoothly. I was a bit worried about if they would do my hair how i wanted it, I neednt have worried because it was wonderful, better than I hoped for.The gazebo was decorated with wonderful flowers and everyone looked amazing especially my husband. We had our meal at the Steakhouse and they waited on us hand and foot, the food was delicious and the table decoration was beautiful, they made such a fuss and were so happy for us, we would not have got service like that if we got married at home. The photographer did an amazing job of the wedding album it was a lot of money but well worth it, I have enjoyed showing my friends and family who have all said it is so unusual and have not seem one like it before. Overall I would recommend this hotel to get married at, and thanks Marianna and Nora for a perfect day.Service - The best service we found was at the lobby bar (punta cana side, however we did not go to the Bavaro side), the waitress who looked after us was great, so lovely, even though she used to shout Alcoholico's when she saw us, well she wasnt telling any lies!!!!The holiday overall was fantastic and I will definatly be recommending it to everyone, yeah there were a few problems here and there like the air con not working for a few days but we just got on with it, it wasnt just us that suffered in the heat, the staff did too and they had to work without it !! None of us are whingers, we just get on with it!! The hardest thing was leaving this great hotel!!!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JanaLeigh
<Content>Sad to be home, had a great time!!       The beach before noon  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's what you make of it...a very nice vacation My boyfriend and I (both in our mid 20s) stayed at the Bahia Principe from May 25-30, 2006. After reading so many conflicting reviews prior to our vacation, we weren't sure what to expect. I'm happy to say that we were pleasantly surprised and had a very enjoyable trip. We upgraded to Club Golden and were happy with the decision because we stayed in Villa 1 on the second floor, with a room overlooking the beach. It was a great location, close to the pool, beach (convenient for getting palapas early in the AM) and a restaurant- El Pescador where we had breakfast every morning. Our room was very clean and we had no problems with bugs or A/C. We had a bottle of rum, a fruit basket, and bahia principe tshirts left for us. No one tells you this when you get there, but you have to insert your room key in a slot by the door to keep your A/C and electricity running. We always left one key in the slot so we could return to a cool room after a hot day in the sun. We were at the resort during the A/C problems but we lucked out as it was not an issue for us. The front desk didn't charge us for using the safe and it's a great system where you can set a personal pin to access it. Our only complaint with the room was there's no full door or shower curtain around the tub in the bathroom so it's easy to splash some water around. My boyfriend is a picky eater and doesn't have the strongest of stomachs so we were worried about the food situation at first. There's no way you'll go hungry here, just make sensible choices and don't overindulge (which may be the problem with so many ppl getting sick...we would see people walking around with plates piled high and washing everything down with alcohol doesn't help things) Breakfast was great and we really enjoyed the omeletes, crepes with chocolate sauce, fresh fruit, and muffins. For lunch you can't go wrong with rotisserie chicken, rice, and vegetables (not in the creamy sauces). We ate at 3 a la cartes, Japanese (good but it was very hot due to A/C problems so we ate fast and hurried out) Gourmet (good steak, great desserts, and excellent service) and the Garden Grill. At Garden Grill our steaks were a little undercooked so ask for well done and you might get medium well...My boyfriend had no problems with the food and I just had an upset stomach one day, but nothing that couldn't have happened here at home. Yes, the food is different, you're in a different country and they try to be very accomodating to a lot of different tastes. The resort is gorgeous and very well kept. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. We didn't see a lot of tipping in the restaurants and bars, which is a shame b/c the staff works so hard. We tipped our maid Carmen $2-3/day then left her a bigger tip on our last day. We gave the bartenders $1 with every order and gave our waiters $2-3 with our meals. A few bucks will go a long way in this country. We spent all our days by the beach which is beautiful. Yes, there are many topless women but you get used to it. The water was clear and warm and they work hard to clean up the seaweed. We kayaked out to the shipwreck which was fun but it's a little further than you might expect when just looking at it from the beach. The pool was louder and where the action is, lots of kids running around and activities in the afternoon. The voice of the guy coordinating the activities will get stuck in your head. A few things to bring : an underwater camera, snacks (came in handy at the beach or in our room to tide us over til a dinner reservation), imodium/pepto just in case, and a spanish phrasebook if you don't know the language. Neither one of us knew much but our efforts to speak Spanish were always appreciated and we were able to leave notes for our maid, asking for extras in the mini bar or just telling her to have a good day. We saw a lot of people complaining at the front desk or the club golden office and we wondered what people were so angry about. Reading other reviews, maybe we were just lucky to not have some of the issues others mentioned. I think your stay at the resort and vacation are what you make of it, so go with an open mind and enjoy the beautiful surroundings and friendly people.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Village type inspired resort, with a few cautionary measures to consider. We were two couples,and we booked a trip from the 28th of may to the 4th of june 2006 at Grand Bahia, in the Haciendas section of the resort (purple bracelet).The resort I have to say was literally huge. There were trolleys which made movement between one point and another relatively easy. However, our room which was 25112 (avoid at all costs) had a few problems.-The bed mattress was extremely uncomfortable as it would seem as though the mattress springs were finished. I was suffering of a back ache every morning.-The tv's cable used to experience either high pitch or low pitch audio, used to fade away into static, and when called to fix the cable, they said it wasn't them, and they couldn't do anything since it was the cable the problem. Of course, there was no truth to that, since a colleague of mine, from another room, experienced no such problem.-The room was dirty, curtain, wall, shower. Now another thing that we found suspicious, our items in our bags seemed to shift and or move, or the luggage would be opened when we could've sworn they were closed. Be very wary of your belongings, either close your luggage with a lock, and if you put money in the safe, make sure you have a witness at all times, confirming the safe was locked. Like this, they can't stumble you by saying maybe you left it open. If you still feel wary about placing your money in the safe, then forget it and get a tourist pouch, a nice sturdy belt to keep your belongings safe at all times.Hence, be careful for thefts, since this is a poor country. On another note, the food was at times, I have to say either funky tasting, is just plain old tasteless. But I have to say, I am very picky when it comes to food, and I have to say the food in the resort doesn't measure up to a 5 star, but rather a 3 star. The best a la carte dinner, was the steak grill, avoid italian and french, go to the japanese restaurant and you will have a great time, be sure to ask for sake.The dominicans working in the resort are professional, always smiling and very hard working. However, their drinks aren't good safe for the coco loco (with alcohol its terrible), the limonata (lemony slush) and the blue hawaii. The restaurant buffets aren't really clean, there are flies usually here and there sampling the food, and I saw a rat in the buffet where the main lobby is located in at check in. And it wasn't just any rat, a big hairy rat! Yet again, this is a third world country, they are trying to do their best. In addition, there are cockroaches, big ones, so avoid bottom rooms.There are a lot of kids in this resort, running about here and there, the beach is excellent, nice wondrous sand, and there is the beautiful RIU palace a walk away from Grand Bahia, which we suggest you should visit. We did the underwater scuba doo, i can't remember if that's the exact name, we were told it would be 15 feet, underwater, it turned out to be 9 feet, extremely boring, and almost no fish. There aren't any sea shells in sight on the beach, and don't expect any fishes either on the beach. The oceans there seem somewhat devoid of marine life!! If you love underwater excursions, like scuba diving, snorkling, etc, I highly recommend aruba.Be careful with the vendors, If they say 20 dollars for an item, make sure to reduce it to at least 70% of the cost, however, negotiating lands you often much with an angry reception and refusal of sale. Very aggressive at times. In every store, there is more or less the same items, but the prices usually fluctuate. The resort is very safe, and I don't suggest traveling out of it. There isn't much to do at the resort, if you are an adventure seeker like we are. You can play ping pong, tennis, mini-put golf, get a massage, do parasailing, underwater sea trek, scuba diving, etc...But if you've done it all, what else can you do?In the resort, there are mostly canadians, a few europeans that keep to themselves, and a few americans. Notably, there are also latin american people. You can also take pictures with animals, we took a picture with a monkey, there is also an iguana less appealing, and an armed officer on a horse. As for visiting a zoo, out of the question, manatee park must be avoided at all costs, they malnourish and mistreat the animals. If you are single, avoid this resort at all costs as well, it is very boring for singles. People are generally friendly, and days in the sun are sizzling hot. Be careful in the sun, as you can get dehydrated or burned. We both got sick, with the sudden case of diarrhea, I believe we both got the dreaded tourista. So watch out what you eat and what you drink.Its fairly easy to get a hut at the beach or the pool side, just wake up at 8 am and you'll be fine. The mini-bar was great, pepsi, miranda, and el presidente's, the worst beer in the world. lolIn retrospect, the resort had a clean look, the food was average, the service and staff great, the activities somewhat boring, the temperature amazing, the beach clean, the drinks average, and the overall experience good. Would I go back to this resort? The answer is no, unless I want to be smothered by boredom. Food-3 on 5 starsService-5 on 5 starsArchitecture, arrangement of the place and environment-4.5 on 5 starsSecurity- 3 on 5 starsCleanliness- 4 on 5 starsEnjoyability- 3 on 5 stars  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>isilva
<Content>loved the beach, not the hotel We were just at bahia principe the week of May 20-27. I'm real big on the reviews, so i thought it would be important for me to let you know what went on. When we first got there, we were very happy with what we saw. the resort is beautiful, huge,and clean. check-in was a breeze. we paid extra for the golden club which was worth it cuz we were near the beach. we were in villa 4204. the first two days everything was great. our 24hour room service was great, always got our food in 15minutes. Then on monday night I woke up sweating cuz the room was really hot and muggy. Tuesday morning, the room was still hot. we got a letter saying there was a problem with the air conditioning. I called the front desk to find out how long we would be without air, they said definately by that night. Three frustrating days later, we still had no air. We complained about it ,but there was really nothing they could do except compensate us for the safe money( $22, Whoa). My complaint was how is a five star resort not going to be on top of things. It took them 3 days to fix the problem. When they finally fixed the problem the air was on for one day and then it stopped working again. And on top of that, everytime we called to get some info about the air, they kept telling us the problem would be fixed by that night. If they would had been honest and said they didn't know, I would have accepted that better because here i am thinking we'll have air by the time we get back and you get to a hot, muggy room. It kills your joy.Eating in the lobby was unbearable; book the specialty restuarants because they have their own air. My second problem with this hotel, is that after the second day we were there, the room service was horrible. we sometimes had to wait 1-2 hours to get hamburgers. then we would call up and all they could say it's on its way. one hour later you get cold food.  Now let me give you some advice: When booking the rooms, make sure you're either all the way at the top near the lobbu or by the bottom by the pool and beach, cuz i noticed by the time the tram got to the middle, the tram was full and people had to wait for the other one to pass by and they would be full. this happened alot. i would think that gets annoying. we were by the beach so it was always empty and didn't have that problem. Word to the wise, bring your own beach umbrella. we bought a spf100 umbrella and had no trouble taking it on the plane and we were in paradise with our umbrella. it made the sun tolerable and we were on the beach from ten am to seven at night. So a beach umbrella is definately worth it, being that people take the palapas and reserve them all day, and yet you never see who's sitting in them. the rules are you are not suppossed to reserve them, so feel free to remove towels from the chairs, we did. Overall, I enjoyed my vacation cuz it was a vacation and I was on a beautiful beach with beautiful weather but i would not return to this resort. I don't mean to be the bearer of bad news but the resort could do better. I guess we were just there at a bad time. Maybe you'll get lucky.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>o0oannieo0o
<Content>One word, AMAZING!!!       The view from our balcony @ Premier Club, Room 40308 - Got the best VIEW!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic!!!!!!! My Husband and I stayed at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana from 17th May 2006 - 31st May 2006 and we had a great 2 weeks. The weather was fantastic, 2 weeks of hot sunny weather, strong factor is recommend as the sun really is very strong.ROOMS - All Junior Suites and very nice, huge bed!!!! Bathroom was nice also, the step out of the bath was big but if you make sure you use the Floor Towel and step out carefully you should have no problem. The Mini bar was stocked daily with beer, coke, lemoade and water. We had at least 2 big bottles of water a day and if you needed more you just had to ring reception and they would arrange for more. We tipped our maid every day, as we felt they worked hard and she would do some towel arrangements on the bed with petals most days as a thank you. All the rooms are air-conditioned although during the 2nd week the air con broke down and we were without it for a couple of days and nights, yes it was a little unconfortable but if you kept the ceiling fan going and opened up the patio doors and just left the nets across it was ok. We did ask at reception when they thought it would be fixed and they weren't sure, we felt there was no point getting funny about it as sometimes things go wrong. Equipment fails and it's not the staff's fault, its just a matter of being patient!!!!We were in Villa 12 room 305, about half way down the resort.FOOD - Now I can not understand how anyone could complain about the food or even manage to get ill, the buffet was very good, yes it did get repetitive but the food was alway's very nice, we stayed away from chicken but ate everything else. The staff were good in the buffet, sometimes you had to wait a little while for your drinks but we stuck to mainly water at meal times and made up for it in the bar after!!! Out of the 6 Ala-Carts we tried all but the French and went twice to the Garden Grill. I can't say anything bad about any of them really the service was very good and the food was extrelely good also. The Tenderloin Steak at the Garden Grill is amazing, so tender. Had that twice.BAR'S - Pool Bar was ok, but got a little noisy at times.LOBBY BAR - Dinks were great, service was greatRESORT OVERALL - Excellent I would say, the pool area was good, towels were provided everyday, all you had to do was swap them at the hut for clean ones. Our room over looked the pool area which was great. THe Resort was kept very tidy and you would often see the Top Gardeners going around inspecting stuff and telling the others what needed doing, great to see that the gardens are kept tidy. THe beach was also nice but we stayed by the pool mostly as was easier, ans our room was very close.I would recommend this resort as we couldn't fault it.If you want any further information please feel free to contact me.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mika24
<Content>Fantastic For The Second Time       Beautiful Beach  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT FOR KIDS LOVED IT We went with 1 child we loved it the food was the the best food i have ever tasted the swim up bar was'ent that good because the drink tasted weird it has loads of things to do it had a gym large pools at night the children could dress up and then show every one else there is a waterpark close to it which it great this holday is fun packed for children of all ages  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>davitayl
<Content>I Juana Go Back... Just got back on the 20th of May. Wish we were back there. from the time we stepped off the plane we were haopy we chose this place. The bus ride to the resort was great, cold beer and they even checked us in so the moment we arrived at the resort we had nothing to do but get our saftey deposit box. Within ten minutes of arriving in our room the front desk called to see if everything was satisfactory. The room was clean and beautiful. We had requested a second floorroom but ended up on the first floor. This did not cause a problem. No bugs in the room. The hotel lobby is beautiful. The pictures that you will see is exactley how it is. The pools and beach are gorgeous. We spent the mornings at the pool and afternoons at the beach. If you like sailing try taking out a catamaran, we had a great time. Lots of topless women most of who should keep their tops on. The weather was gorgeous, one little rain storm which sent a lot of people running to their rooms but what the heck you are wet anyway and it literally passed over in five minutes. The drinks are good, take a thermal cup with you they are great, keep your drinks cold and sand out when you are at the beach. The drinks in the lobby are better than at the pool or beach. Manuel who does areobics every day is great fun., Join in a class it is lots of fun. have agreat time and have drink for me.Lots of wlaking which we loved, helps to work off all the food and drinks. The staff are there to make every effort to please you. Just ask for something and they will do their best to accomodate you. We were there on Mothers day and requested champagne and orange juice and they went out of their way to find it for us, even though the bar was not open yet.Keep your sunscrreeb on and do not forget to apply to your feet and ears. We wore a 30 the entire week and still came back golden brown. The entertainment is o.k. but we preferred to sit in the lobby at night and enjoy a few cocktails and listen to the solo perfirmer.Anywaym if you are lucky enough to have chosen this place you will not be dissapointed. Remember these people work very hard and a tip is always appreciated.A few words on the restaurants.We thought the buffet was good. Omletes for breakfast and a great selection. Just remember that they cook with different oils and be careful of over indulging because this is what makes people sick. Make sure you pack immodium this does come in handy. You are away in a foreign country and even though they go to great lenghts to make dishes that we are accustom to, it is still a different way of cooking. The a la carte were very good. We ate at the Grill, Japaneese and Gourmet. Our favourites were the Japaneese and Gourmet, next time we will try the seafood or medditeranean. The restaurant called Pisces, near the beach, is good for a burger or hot dog at lunchtime.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We Loved Our vacation at the Grand Bahia My husband and I recently returned from our honeymoon at the Grand bahia. We would go back in a second. This resort is lovely- the grounds are spotless and while it is a large resort every square inch is beautiful.The service was amazing- from the check in desk to the bartenders, the housekeeping staff, grounds people, servers in the buffets and restaurants- EVERYONE was super friendly and eager to help. We tipped $1-3 US at meals and in our room for the maid. It wasns't required, but the service was so great we wanted to let the staff know we appreciated them.We were upgraded to the Club Golden so we were very near the beach. There was maid service twice a day along with fresh towels twice a day. We always loved coming in from a day at the beach to find fresh flowes and towel art. The resort is large but shuttles run constantly and we never waited more than two or three minutes for a tram to take us from the beach to the main lobby.We were there when the AC went out and while it was a little warm the positives FAR outweighed the negatives. Besides- we were not there to spend all day in our room- we so enjoyed the incredible beach, spent time ocean kayaking, and lounging by the pool.The food was wonderful- tons of variety. I will say this- we have traveled quite a bit internationally and are accustomed to food outside the U.S. being different from food at home- however- different is not a bad thing. The food at the Bahia Principe was wonderful, excellent quality and tasted great. There was always a great seleaction of fresh fruits and vegetables. The entrees were usually based on a theme each evening- mexican, italian, dominican, etc. There was also pizza, and other fast food type stuff for kids and picky eaters. The desserts were great and there was a coconut flavored ice cream that changed my life it was so good!We ate at three a la carte restaurants- the Seafood restaurant, the Japanese, and the Garden Grill (steak). All were wonderful atmospheres and the food was great.The bars were good- the lobby bar being the best and most consistent- it was really nice to have a bar nearby almost everywhere (beach, pools, shopping areas). Try the Bannana Mama- wonderful strawberry, bannana, coconut frozen goodness- with rum!There seemed to be a lot going on - the animation team leading beach aerobics or salsa dancing classes- there were shows every evening. Since we were on our honeymoon we didn't really go in for any of this since we had plenty to do to occupy our time:)!But others seemed to be enjoying it.Overall- it was a wonderful experience -everything a honeymoon should be! We have and will continue to reccomend the Grand Bahia Principe to any and all!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good from afar...But far from Good! We just returned from this horrible place after having spent a week in hell!!!I would not recommend this place to anyone!!! Do not be fooled by the vastness of the property or the manicured grounds - all that glitters is definitely not gold at the Bahia.As you may have read in previous posts - the A/C broke throughout the entire resort - all 1500+ rooms and all common areas!!!! One could argue that this was an unfortunate complication that should not be directly blamed on the hotel but I beg to differ! The hotel staff handled the matter and the guests horribly! It began with a promise that it would be up and running within 6 hours and the lie spiralled out of control. The so called six hours turned into 5 days!!! None of the guests could get a straight story out of the staff- who were told by management to lie and do whatever it takes to cover this up if they valued their jobs! The majority of the guests were told it was a pipe(and most just believed it and accepted it) We did not -- and upon further investigation and a lot of detective work we discovered that this was a HUGE LIE on the part of the hotel. We actually found out that a truck had lost control and smashed into the resort's A/C system ( one brave and honest staff member whispered it to us). My husband and I also saw this disastrous accident site (and all of the mangled mess that was once a working system with our own eyes) after an unknowing bellboy took us around the back area of the resort on a trolley! When one steps back and analyzes the magnitude of this crisis and the fact that the hotel blatantly lied to people with children, health conditions, the elderly, etc. it makes you realize how much of a violation and abuse of trust occured here! They knew it could and would not be fixed and continued to lie and put trusting people's health in jeopardy in order to turn a profit for the week!!! ARE YOU STILL DEBATING WHETHER TO SPEND YOUR MONEY HERE AND TO ENTRUST THE SAFETY AND WELL BEING OF YOUR FAMILY TO THESE PEOPLE??? If you are still on the fence read on!!!The service was absolutely horrible. One could clearly see that the staff was paid poorly, overworked and unhappy. I personally witnessed a situation whereby an older guest who was suffering from a heart condition asked the maitre D of the buffet restaurant if he could go into the buffet to take a dinner roll out so that he could eat it outside where there was a breeze. He clearly explained that due to his heart condition he could not sit in the sweltering heat of the buffet. THE ANSWER WAS NO!!! He was not allowed to remove food from the buffet area. When the matter was brought to the attention of the front desk they laughed and made comments in spanish about this guest and how skipping a few meals couldn't hurt his waistline -assuming that none of us could understand Spanish (WRONG!!_).Others have posted how the hotel compensated them monetarily for the incident but do not be fooled -- the amount offered was so small and insignificant that it would be an insult to anyone's integrity to accept it and be happy!!! Come on people have we really stooped so low? You have paid thousands of dollars, reserved a 5 star hotel and entrusted your well being and that of your family to be lied to repeatedly, to deal with people who refuse to acknowledge an extrreme heat crisis or to provide you and your family with alternative accomodations at nearby facilities and you still tolerate this????The food was barely edible and a few people we ran into ended up confined to their rooms or the Punta Cana medical centre where they were administered a wide array of anti - parasitc drugs due to the raw and undercooked meat and seafood... not to mention the poorly refrigerated dairy products that they attempted to pass on to their guests. I cannot bear to relive this nightmare anymore! All I could do is beg you to heed my warnings - stay clear away from this place!!!! Punta Cana is a beautiful place filled with wonderful resorts - this is definitely not one of them!BE WEARY, BE WISE --stay clear away from the Bahia!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>tuxster
<Content>Great Resort Just came back from a week at the Bahia Principe and I thought I'd add my opinions to the 699 existing reviews as someone who has been to several all inclusive resorts ranging from the Mediterranean to the Mayan Riviera, while addressing some of the issues that came up in the other reviews.RESORT:The resort is really big in size, but it's very nicely organized. It's relatively narrow (beach-side) but long (perpendicular to the beach, so going towards the land) with trams working along the long side. The trams were on a pretty frequent schedule, so you never have to wait more than 3-4 minutes. But the distance is also easily walkable (less than one mile).The resort is very well maintained, it's one of the cleanest that I've seen. There is staff continuously picking up after the guests collecting all the trash they leave around, so you rarely see a cup on the ground.The beach, one pool, and two of the a-la-carte restaurants are on one side, two pools and two a-la-carte restaurants are in the middle, and the lobby, the buffet, the entertainment and shopping complex and the other two a-la-carte restaurants are on the other end.ROOMS:Very spacious and very clean, lots of storage. We really only went to our rooms to sleep, and for that purpose the room was more than ideal. The bar is stocked with a few bottles of soda, multiple bottles of water, a couple cans of beer and they restock it every day. The TV gets multiple channels including CNN, ESPN, ESPN2, and a few European channels. There is also HBO and Cinemax, with some movies in English others in Spanish. The first couple of days we were there, the AC did not work, but even with just the fan we had no trouble sleeping.BEACH AND POOLS:Excellent! Of course, the beach is the Punta Cana beach, one of the best in the world, so credit can't be given to the resort. However, they do a good job of maintaining it. There is a sunken ship right across the resort, so that also proved to be interesting. We took out a water-bicycle and a catamaran to it and went around it. The water activities are fine, but they really have a limited number of bicycles, canoes, and catamarans so make sure you make reservations a couple days in advance and don't leave it to the last minute. The water here wasn't as clear as in some other sections of the Punta Cana beach, but I think it had more to do with the winds from the Southeast that we got the whole time we were there.There is a decent snorkeling spot to the left of the resort, just past its border where the reef gets close to the shoreline.FOODThis seems to be the controversial topic at Tripadvisor. Here is my take on it: The food is fine, but not spectacular. Those who have never been to resorts before may find the buffet pretty impressive. It certainly had more choice than a typical buffet you might find in the city. But, compared to other buffets in all-inclusive resorts, it was only average in terms of both the variety and the taste of the food. Having said that, you can't possibly go hungry in this place. If you do, something's wrong with you and not the resort.I'm not a fan of a-la-carte restaurants in All-Inclusive resorts, because it goes against the concept of an all-inclusive place. The whole idea of an all-inclusive resort is that you can do whatever you want whenever you want, and particularly eat when you want what you want in the quantity you want. With a-la-carte restaurants, you have to make a reservation days in advance, show up at the reserved time-slot at the restaurant, then choose one appetizer, one main course, and one desert. Goes completely against the concept! I think it's only logical if you are looking to have a more romantic dinner with your companion. Therefore, we did it only once and chose the French restaurant. The service was really good, the food was good as well but not particularly better than what you get at the buffet. ENTERTAINMENT:The animation, compared to other places I have been to, was extremely weak. They are relaxed, laid back, friendly, and fun. But, they are also uncoordinated, unpracticed, and a little too laid back. The nightly shows were more chaos with people trying to figure out what they needed to do. They have a resort song (like all resorts), but they don't have a set dance that goes with it. Everyone in the animation team looks at each other trying to figure out what dance move to make next. During the day time, they had a number of activities, but they are also pretty uncoordinated. They had a time-slot for soccer, but noone showed up and they showed no effort in putting it together. They showed some effort to put a volleyball game together, but the animator that took on the role knew nothing about volleyball and would confuse the points forcing us to throw her off the court so that we could play in peace. One nice thing was that there was live music everynight in multiple places, early on at the lobby and later on at the Pueblo Principe which is a complex of shopping and entertainment (disco/casino). Lots of merengue dancing to accompany the live music!GOLDEN CLUBI saw a lot of people here promote the club, but I don't see its point. Yes, you get a room closer to the beach, but then you are further away from the pools, food, and the entertainment. Really, with the trams working no room is more than 5 minutes away from another spot at the resort. Yes, you get turn-down service and they change your beach towels, but you can change your towels by the pools anytime (9am-6pm) anyways, so that's not a big deal. You get separate check-in and check-out, but there was never a line in the regular registration when we were there, and it took me less than 30 seconds to check out. You also get a free bottle of rum, but remember this place is all-inclusive. So unless you want to drink yourself to sleep in your bed, the additional bottle of rum in your room has marginal utility. Finally, you get free 15min internet at the golden club office, but you have to wait in line (and there was a line everytime we went there) and it throws you out in 15 minutes, which is not enough for me to catch up on news and check my email. There is an Internet cafe at the Pueblo where you get 1hr login for $10, and there was never a line at the computers there. So, I would say keep your money that you'll pay for the Golden Club and get as many tickets you want from the Internet Cafe, you'll come out ahead.STAFFUsually they are very friendly and attentive. But, if you approach negatively and begin to complain they become defensive. So, if you have a complaint, try to approach the issue postively, talk about how good a time you are having, and then request whatever you are asking for as a favor, and don't demand things. If you play it right, you'll get most of what you ask for. If you become rude and start attacking, then you are more likely to go nowhere.TIPSFinally some tips:- The shades at the beach do get filled out pretty early, but most people attack the middle part closer to the pool. We usually woke up around 7:00-7:30 and we always found a spot by the snack bar to the left. There were even spots available on the right-side towards the water-sports activity desk. Even around 9-9:30 we saw plenty of shades available to the left, just not the premium ones closer to the water/food/pool/animation.- The a-la-carte restaurants do really fill up pretty fast, so if you really want to do those, make reservations as soon as you check-in.- The only place where we had mosquito problems was at night at the Pueblo, so you may wish to put something on before heading out there.- Do get the safe, it's only $26 for the whole week, definitely worth the expense for the piece of mind. While closing it though, remember to press the green button after entering your code. A few times we left it open because we forgot to press that button after entering our code.- Relax, and enjoy it. Remember that you are on vacation and do not get hung up on minor details. Just ignore the minor problems, and you'll have a blast at this place.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>abbynormal10
<Content>Warning -- Beware of Bahia Principe I've never written one of these reviews, but this time I feel compelled to speak my mind!We went to the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana from May 20-27, 2006 for our honeymoon and were very excited about our trip. I booked the trip through Apple Vacations. I've used them two times before when going to Mexico and everything turned out great.We arrived at the PC airport and found our Apple rep waiting for us. The trip from the airport to the resort is about 1/2 hour or a bit longer depending on traffic. The roads are quite bumpy and rough. No problem! Check in went smoothly. We got to our room and found we had been upgraded to the Golden Club (Villa 3) and our room was decorated with ballons, flowers and towel art on the bed, a bottle of rum, t-shirts, and a fruit basket. So far, so good, we thought. The room was a bit on the warm side, but again, no problem! Being upgraded wasn't a big deal per se. It was nice to be close to the pool and the beach. We took the train to the buffet most days (about a 15 min walk), but at night, the mosquitos get very, very hungry! We were lazy and took the train that runs thru the middle oof the resort every 5 minutes or so.In my opinion, the resort itself is beautiful. The pools are very nice. The rooms are all junior suites and include a jacuzzi (albeit very noisy and the jets don't work so great). The step down from the tub/shower combination is very, very high so beware! The floor and tile is all marble, so it's slippery. The food ... we found very good. Yes, it may get a little repetitious after a few days, but we found everything to be quite good. Wednesday night is prime rib and lobster night at the buffet. Don't miss it! We did not go to any of the speciality restaurants, because our Apple rep said that the men need to wear long pants to get into the restaurants. He said in the buffet area they are more lenient, so we never booked a speciality restaurant. I think there are 7 of them at the resort. Now, for the bad part. We arrived on a Saturday and noticed our room was warm. By Tuesday night, the entire resort lost air conditioning. I found sleeping to be unbearable due to the heat and humidity. Mosquitos were biting us at night. We killed the few we found in our room, but somehow they found us and feasted! We could not open our patio doors due to the mosquitos. Also, there are no screens on the sliding glass doors, so they are basically useless.We complained about the a/c to the front desk and were told on Wednesday that the a/c would be working. It was NOT! I also would like to add that we had to make daily trips to the front desk because we got locked out of our room and had to be re-issued key cards. This went on for 5 out of the 7 days we were there. The a/c was not working by the time we left on the following Saturday, which means we were without a/c 4 out of 7 days. The pools were like bath water (I think due to the cooling problem), so we spent our time down at the beach where the water was a bit more refreshing. My husband didn't mind. He enjoyed the view of many topless women. We complained about the a/c on several occasions but got nowhere. Each day we were told it would be working by that particular day, so I feel we got one lie after another. We were not offered any compensation. Our Apple rep told us to pursue the matter with Apple when we returned back to the U.S. I will say that the cleaning staff, wait staff and bartenders work very hard and are very accommodating to give you whatever you need. However, the staff at the front desk could care less. They need a lesson in customer service. The staff inside the Golden Principe Club was not any better. In fact, when we walked in there to complain about our a/c, we noticed how nice and cool it was in there. They have their own a/c unit, so they could have cared less about their guests. All of our complaints went unanswered, and I truly felt they didn't give a damn.The resort has 1500 rooms, so it's a large place with many villas -- all 3 story buildings. The grounds are beautiful and kept very clean. Due to their lack of respect for their guests, I would not return to this resort. Excursions:We went on three. The Outback Safari was very good. You go on a truck through the countryside and you get a reality check of what life is really like for the Dominican people. I recommend it. See what it's like outside of that pretty resort! The people are poor but proud. You will see a typical Dominican school (where education is not mandatory), a typical Dominican house, a tobacco farm, etc. It's a cultural tour. At the end of the trip, you go to Macoa Beach, which looks the beach from The Blue Lagoon. We went to Saona Island also. Waste of money, I thought. You take a 2-hour bus ride to get to the place where you take a speed boat to the island for 45 minutes. The ride is rough and killed my back. You stop at a natural pool to see live star fish. We only saw 2. People are picking them up and keeping them out of the water, and I suspect they are dying off because of it. When you get to the island, there's nothing to do. The beach was filled with seaweed and pretty rocky on the bottom as well. There are beach chairs and hammocks. You get a typical Dominican lunch, which sent me and my husband to the bathroom very quickly. Open bar, of course and meringue lessons if you choose. Then, you go back on a catamaran for 1 1/2 hrs. That is a nice trip, but the booze is flowing very freely if you're into that sort of thing. There was a young guy on the boat who was vomiting off the side after drinking too much, so that wasn't much fun. Last trip was the Marinarium where you swim with nurse sharks and stingrays. It was a unique experience. I will warn you that if you take your own snorkeling equipment, they will not let you use your fins. The coral reef isn't very impressive. The sharks and stingrays are in a caged area which isn't very big. There are about 5 or 6 sharks and 4 stingrays. Afterwards, you're taken to a natural pool in the ocean and served drinks in the water from a floating bar. It's a half day drip.On a different note, I would like to warn you about the shopping area by the resort. There are shops in the resort, and those people are a nuisance. Everything is cheapy, cheapy and they chase you down. They don't take NO for an answer, and most of their stuff is junk. Beware of the fake jewelry. Also, beware of the Lobby Shop. We went in there to get a few souveniers, and the girl followed us around like we were common thieves. I found that to be totally disrespectful. We are a couple in our 40s and not into shoplifting. Overall, it is a beautiful resort, but I prefer Cancun or the Mayan Riviera. If you have any questions, feel free to email me. I'd be happy to answer your questions.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lukkyluch
<Content>Beautiful...Amazing...Stunning....Awesome...Gorgeous       view from villa #2 room 2201  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad food  FOOD:We arrived at the Bahia on Saturday, May 20 @ approx. 10:30pm. On Sunday morning we had our first meal there, which already made our stomach upset. So, my husband  I decided that we would stay away from foods that 鈥渃ould鈥?make us sick. We stayed away from Pork, Fish, Milk Products, Eggs etc鈥nd we only drank the bottled water that was in our room.We went for lunch on Wednesday, and I decided to try a hot dog for the first time there鈥?鈥漛ig mistake鈥?!!! I took one bite鈥?. It tasted so disgusting  was as raw as could be. My husband then decided to bring his back  get it cooked more. Well, a couple of hours later we started the diarrhea, it got so bad that we had to go back to our room  stay there. I felt a lot worse than my husband鈥?.I started having really bad abdominal pain, that just kept getting worse as the evening went on. At around 10:00PM, they got so bad that my husband had to call the front desk for a doctor鈥?I could barely walk at this point for how bad the pain got. They sent a resort trolley to pick us up  take me to the doctor. As soon as the doctor saw me, she could not believe how much pain I was in. So, she checked me right away  had to give me an injection to stop the pain ASAP. She then had to put me on pain killers  antibiotics because I had Travelers Diarrhea (which could cause abdominal pain, fever, chills, headaches  the obvious鈥? diarrhea) The doctor at the resort was great; she was probably the most pleasant person that I dealt with at the resort. On Friday, I was feeling better  after being put on a rice  bread diet. The doctor told me I could start eating grilled meats. That night we had reservations at the Grille restaurant, I told the waiter to please cook my steak well done because I have been sick all week, well when I received the steak 鈥渋t was burnt鈥?which was OK with me (at least I knew it was cooked) Was I ever mistaken 鈥?when I got to the center of the steak鈥t was RED !! Not even 10 minutes went by  those abdominal pains came back again鈥︹€ack to the doctor I went鈥?she gave me more medication. I would not recommend this resort, the only things that represented 5 stars was the look of the resort, the beach, the pools  the cleanliness鈥?.other than that鈥?it should be a 2 or 3 star. I can鈥檛 believe people would say that the food was great here鈥T WAS HORRIBLE,  the selection was very minimal. We stayed at the Bahia in Mexico last year  it was great, that is why we went to this resort in Punta Cana鈥?.I guess you shouldn鈥檛 bank on them all being the same.AIR CONDITIONING PROBLEMS FOR 6 DAYS:Monday night, our room started getting really stuffy鈥?well; we find out that the Air Conditioning is not working throughout the resort. We received a letter on Wednesday, saying that they are working on fixing the A/C. The A/C did not work all week. The staff did not handle this situation very good, I would not go to this resort again because of this. They couldn鈥檛 even handle this situation鈥?could you image if you where there during a hurricane??? I would not trust them for that reason. We had to call the front desk for extra water, because it was so hot  sticky all week in our room. We didn鈥檛 sleep all week, because of it. They tried compensating me with a free 3 night stay鈥?which means I would have to pay for a flight back. After not being able to eat, drink alcohol, sleep  spending $300.00US on medical bills because of them鈥?that was not an acceptable offer! Then they tried offering me $200.00US鈥?.your telling me that $200.00US is a more valuable offer than a 3 night stay?? Then they tried to make me sign a letter for a refund on our safe  a 3 hour delay on our checkout as compensation鈥?.I DON鈥橳 THINK SO ! I told them they could keep my safe money  as far as the late check out goes鈥?too late we already checked out late. So, she wanted me to sign a Disclaimer for the late checkout, she was going to write it in Spanish  translate it to me鈥︹€AH RIGHT!!! I don鈥檛 think so. Upon checking out, they had promised us they were going to lock our luggage鈥檚  give us a courtesy room鈥︹€hat didn鈥檛 happen! So we went to the pool with our luggages because we still had to wait 3 hours for our bus to arrive. Oh I almost forgot the best part of this story鈥︹€he Saturday morning that we were leaving, we had a leak from our roof (where the A/C was)鈥?it got so bad that the ceiling looked like it was going to collapse, they kicked us out of our room for 3 hours. Well, when they told us we could go back in (which I think the manager rushed the technicians, because I told her that because of this we will not be able to checkout on time) My husband walked into the room first  they didn鈥檛 put the plastic/steel back up properly, it fell on his head as he walked in. I also found it very difficult to communicate with most of the staff there, they hardly speak any English. The maid was OK鈥?she was not replenishing our towels  minibar. So, I called the front desk  told them that if she wants a tip at the end of the week, she has got to work for it. Considering we had no A/C, they weren鈥檛 even giving us the same amount of drinks that where in there the first few days. You would think that they would put extra because of the A/C problems. The service in the buffets  restaurants were horrible, I would have to ask for a diet coke at least 4 times before I actually got it.I have travelled alot  have never had such a horrible experience like this ! I DO NOT recommend this place at all!!  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warning!!!! This is my first time writing one of these reviews but I feel compelled to warn you about some of the ongoings at this resort. The resort is beautiful , clean and the food was good, however the security is very poor as well as the customer service. Two hours before the wedding my friends sister left her room for 10 mins and was robbed of $1300.00 from their safe that they had rented. Management let the guest services people deal with this which was their first mistake because they were the rude and condescending. For some reason it takes 24hrs to get a printout of whose been in your room and safe.When they did show it they said that the safe had been open for over an hour and that they left their door open (anonymous caller informed the front desk). This however was not true as in the time that they were saying the safe was open I was in their room playing cards with her sister and watched her husband unlock and lock the safe twice while I was there. The other security issue is the deadbolts on your room door , you might as well not even bother with it. I was sleeping with my deadbolt on my door and the Do Not Disturb sign on my door when i hear Ola.The card key to your room will also unlock the deadbolt which means that anyone from the staff that has master keys can get in your room at any time. Not a very comforting thought with the robbery a couple of days prior. The wedding was beautiful and I did enjoy spending a week with my bestfriend and her family but I definitely could not recommend this resort as it's security is lacking.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Never Come back ME my wife and 4 other people went to this resort and boy were we dissapointed. The overall hotel is beautiful and well maintained. We upgraded to club Golden which was a waste of money!! On the 1st day there our air Condition broke and we coud not sleep at night. Then managers would tell us it would be fixed very soon. They told us this for 5 days!! The rooms were impossible to sleep in because they were so stuffy and it was hard to breathe. The hotel people were rude when they saw you couldnt speak good spanish. The room safe costs $26 US dollars for the week and we were locked out of our room for 4 nights in a row. They had to give us new Room keys each time and no we didnt keep the keys next to cameras, or anything magnetic! One night we were lokced out until 1:30 am. Everywhere you go you have to ride trollys that are so slow. The food was ok but got boring fast and entertainment was horrible. This REsort sucks and we would never go back there. DO NOT Get MASSAGES there, they riped me and my wife off instead of 50 min they did 30 and i couldnt not get money back and one massage therapist peeled my wifes skin during massage because she was sun burn.This hotel is Horrible i have been to mexico 5 times and this was the wost ever!!!!!  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't expect customer service here This hotel has a beautiful beach and great pools, but that's all!! My boyfriend and I stayed there from May 21 to the 28th, and for 4+ of those days there was no air conditioning in any of the rooms or in the hotel restaurants. The front desk and guest services staff would tell us everyday that it would be on soon, tomorrow, or the next day.... we never got a straight story. Imagine trying to sleep in a 95+ degree, musty smelling room with a sunburn! The main buffet was a sauna at 8pm. We are well aware that we were in the Dominican Republic in June, but we did not pay this amount of money to not have air conditiong. They offered us a voucher for a 3 night stay, but I refused it in the end because we continued to have problems. The serving staff is very hit or miss, one time we asked 3 different servers for drinks in the main buffet and never got them. For the last three days I had to call for towels and bottled water for our room, and I had tipped the maid every day. On our last day we were told that the bellhops would pick us up at 11am with out bags, by 11:15 we had to drag all of our luggage all the way to the front desk to check out in time to catch our 11:30 airport shuttle. There is no way this can be rated as a 5-star hotel..... We booked what we were told was a snorkeling trip through VIP Travel services. We only booked this particular trip because it was not presented as a booze cruise. Had we wanted to do that we would have booked another company. We were supposed to travel to the island via speed boat, but we were loaded on to a party catamaran, and they started shoving rum at us at 10am. We went to the shore of the island - which was beyond beatiful - for a total of 2 hours, and we were never given snorkels. We then took speed boats to a sand bar to see and take pictures with starfish, for a total of about 20 minutes, and still we did not snorkel. We were very disappointed with the whole thing - especially the fact that we spent at least 4 hours on a bus just traveling to do this!!! one final note, bring bug spray, I have over 20 bites on my legs and arms.... !!  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>rusw
<Content>If you plan to do nothing, this is for you.       View from 3rd floor balcony  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>medives
<Content>very enjoyable and relaxing My husband and i stayed at the bahia principe from May 20-27/2006. I must say this resort is just massive. lots of walking if thats what you like. there is a shuttle trolley that takes youaround the resort. there are various bus stops throughout the resort, which runs til 2am.the grounds are beautiful and the people work really hard to keep it spotless. we were in the club diamond section, villa 25 which is very close to the beach. there are 3 huge pools right infront of the resort. the club diamond pool was closed for repairs for the wholeweek. but we didnt mind because we were closer to the beach anyways. the food was really good. i must recommend the japanese, steak and cafe de paris were the best. the buffet breakfasts and dinners were really good too. every night there is a different theme for the buffet. for lunch i recommend the outdoor snack place by the main pool near the beach area, the grilled chicken is awesome and the pizza is good too. dont eat the burgers. people have gotten sick. the maids dont speak english. if you leave a good tip you will get good service. we forgot one day to leave the maid a tip and she left us only 2 towels in the bathroom, and no fancy design towels with flowers. they dont make much so anything you give they are truly grateful even little toiletries. we did have an unfortunate thing h appen we had no a/c for 3 days in the resort. so it was quite uncomfortable especially in the restaurants. but apart from that we really had a great time, we would definitely go back and bring our kids next year. its a very family oriented place. we met alot of nice people from all over the world. alot of germans, british and spanish people.we would like to say greetings to Julie and tom from kentucky who we met, and the group who we met from Dunville, Ont had a great time. the people are very friendly and the staff are very helpful. if anyone wants more info you can reach us at medives@hotmail.com  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed And Heart-Broken before i start getting upset about my experience, first i will tell you that that this resort is beautiful..the greenery and flowers are amazing...when we first arrived on the resort we were all in awe..my sister got married there so there were a party of 17 guests at the gran bahia principe resort.food- i was surprised that the food was as good as it was, buffet was great, had lots of variety. if you went hungry in there, it's your own fault.service- buffet service and also in the lounge were awesome...staff could not do enough for you...a la cartes a different story. there were very slow, messed up orders, didn't bring orders, and not friendly at all...maids in our villa (14), were wonderful, very appreciative for everything they received...the language barrier was realllllly badddddd....pool and beach-this was my first time at a resort and i must say their beaches are beautiful, i could have stayed there all day looking at the color of the water and sand...very clean...bar on beach very good as well...excursions-these were quite a bit of fun...snorkeling was great..sfaff for that were awesome....spoke quite a bit of english. we also went doonbugging...awesome....safe for rent-this is were it gets frustrating...my husband and i rented a safe box from the resort for our valuables, apparently safe is not a word in their vocabulary....someone or some people stole $1325.us dollars from our safe in our locked hotel room.staff were very hard to commuicate with......they had computer documents that we had left our hotel door open along with our safe door....i am sorry but we worked very hard for that money adn we did not leave that amount of money available to everybody...management for this resort does not have any mangement skills that i have ever seen before....you as management are suppose to guarantee your guests are happy and safe...another safe issue, people who are apparently staff can come and go in and out of your rooms whenever....like at 9pm having someone coming in to check to see if the maid had been there in the morning...give me a break......my mother i felt for the most, she kept saying one daughter got married and my other daughter got robbed...ps...this money went missing 2 hours before my sister's wedding....I would not advise anyone to this resort....there are plenty of beautiful resorts in punta cana...  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>amasa
<Content>General info Just got back and here are some comments....The good - Nice well manicured resort, rooms were awesome, beach and pool area's are great. Bar service is fast and freindly at all locations.The not so good - The entertainment was not the best, the food was ok but not spectacular. The english was good for key positions (reception, aquatic center, restaurants) but they tend to favour the European guests since its easier to commincate with them. Felt they could have offered more activities around the resort althought the water sports were good.Other comments - no mesquitos and therfore little need for malaria meds. The all day safari tour was good. I also enjoyed swimming with the sharks. My wife was not overly impressed with the Santa Domingo tour as they saw most of the stuff from the bus and were not able to walk around and experience the city - bar tender recommended paying a taxi to take you and then you could see more at your own pace.I felt tipping did not give you more service other than with the maid. Tipping the waiters and bartenders gave you friendly service not give better service.Over all I like the Mayan coast better but thought Punta Cana offered a lot for the price.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not for Singles!!!! Let me start by saying it was a very beautiful hotel. In terms of the service it could go either way, it depended on who you interacted with and for what. Myself and 3 other girls in our 20's just returned on Saturday from a week's stay at the Golden Club Villa 22 Rooms 22208  22209. The rooms were very nice and spacious and cool and dry for the first 2 days. Our view was of a black tarp trying to mask the construction that started every morning at 6am.FOOD: Good, not amazing but not gross - definetely edible! Definetely go to the Steakhouse for an a la carte, amazing food!!!! 3 of the 4 of us we sick at some point in the week however we have yet to figure out what from - could have been food, could have been from the heat.1st Issue- No A/C for most of the week. OK, things happen that are out of other peoples control, I get that, but it doesn't make you feel any better when you pay a lot of money to go away and you have no relief from the heat. People in the villa's around us were taking the cushions off of the couch and putting then outside of their rooms to sleep because it was so hot. Everthing was damp and musty...I actually had a T-shirt go moldy in the bathroom.2nd Issue - My sister spent 2 days in the room sick. One of the days she was in the bath when she could here the maid in the room - no problem, she was great, however....my sister also heard another female voice and 2 male voicesw in our room. We had bought some Coors Light from Duty Free for our room because we all know that Canadian Beer is gold and my sister heard cans being opened and upon further investigation discovered that the canadian beer was gone. 3rd Issue - If you actually had enough and took the time to complain you got the run-around. You would go to guest services tell your story and then they would say to go see the Golden Club Reps. Golden Club reps would say no, you have to go to Guest Services or they would say the person you needed to speak to would be back at 6pm then you would have to come back.4th Issue - As stated in my subject (and this is not the hotels fault) is that this resort is most definetely a couples/families resort. It is a 24 hour resort but all activities cease to exist after 2pm, some nights saw only 3 people in the disco! The one night we decided to go out and check out the nightlife we were a little tipsy and probably louder than we thought however we are adults and after being loud from the trolley to our room (maybe 5 minutes of loudness) we had security at our door then we had an assistant manager come by to tell us that maybe we should try and be back in our rooms by 1am ever night - I am not kidding, they actually tried to give us a curfew!!!!Anyway, if you are going to relax, go to bed early get lots of sleep....this is the place for you, if you are looking for a party and other singles go to Tryp Cayo Coco in Cuba! That was my last visit to the DR.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This Resort was unbelievable! We literally just got back yesterday, and haven't stopped talking about this trip since we got onto the plane on our way back! Three of us, all guys, all 20 years of age took a chance with a last minute booking and decided to just randomly go on vacation basically anywhere that was warm and sunny down south. Travel agent said go here, we signed up, and off we went to Punta Cana. Our overall stay in my opinion was a great one. Definitely would give it a 9 out of 10 at least! The Service was excellent, every single employee at the resort was always very nice, from the maids to the dancers.The food was not bad at all, it surpassed my expectations for sure compared to what i had previously heard. The buffet was excellent every single night with tons of great food.And the restaurants were terrific as well. And keep in mind that i am an extremely picky eater to begin with.As for the nightlife and type of crowd you'll get there. It was predominantly couples at this spot. I mean everywhere you go, just couples and kids. Most people would say it's far from a singles resort, and i would have to agree, however, there always are singles regardless, and we proved that by making TONS of friends. Nightlife was decent, it really is what you make of it. Always good to have a party animal in your group for added entertainment!  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dream vacation but A/C Problems My husband and I were at this resort from May 20-27. We had an amazing week, feeling like we were in paradise. Everything was spectacular, including the food. I can't believe people complain about the food here, it's beyond good and way above average compared to regular buffets you would get at home. The staff and service were excellent, everyone goes out of their way for you.The only complaint I have is that the air conditioning didn't work for 4 out of the 7 days that we were there! While sleeping at night was bearable since there was fans in the room, we found eating the most difficult since the buffets were really warm. We did complain on our last day and the hotel did their best to compensate us, although it was a bit time consuming to finally negotiate something that was acceptable to us. It was worth it!I would definetly recommend this hotel, hands down, and would look for another Bahia Prinicipe resort at another location for our next AI trip.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please.......Go There!!! My Family and I decided to go to Bahia Principe. A friend recomended this resort and he certainly did right!.. We stayed for a week and unfortunately was not enough :(. Bahia has so many restaurants to choose, and this resort is Huge but not to worry, they do have trolleys all day long. Room: Very very clean and spacious. Bathroom very elegant with marble floor and walls. Very nicely decorated room, with daily stocked minibar (tip the maid and you will get extra beers, sodas and plenty of water). Maid Service is excellent. (They do funny things with towels, beautiful)Restaurants:Plenty of choices to choose from. Japanese, Steak house, Italian cousine, buffet, mexican, sea food. Very good taste. No need to bring pepto, so dont worry reading some reviews.Activities:Shows are ok. Need to improve in shows. Staff is excellent though. Tell Hector I miss him.Disco very nice.Market Place: Peblito caribeno (or something like that) is very nice. Casino, disco, lots of stores, open all day all night. Pools: Best pools . ExcellentWe'll be back very very soon. We traveled Pueto Rico, Acapulco, Cancun but Punta cana Bahia Principe is the best of all we have visited.  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>SAFE or not so SAFE????? A group of 15 people (ages range from 12 to 60) went down for my wedding. To be honest if it wasn't for this one incident the whole trip would have been AWESOME; however; two hours before my wedding someone got into one of guests safe and stole $1325.00 US. As I know that this could happen anywhere I was very upset at the way the management handled it or dismissed it I should say. They provided us a document that listed the times that the room door and safe were used for that day. Unfortunately this was not available to us for 24 hours. This list they provided said that the safe door was left unlocked for an hour and that their room door was left open which was simply NOT TRUE. IMPOSSIBLE..... Despite security personnel stating that it was an inside job the management simply refused any responsibility. Anyways after a lot of complaining and negotiating with the managers they offered us a free week for four. A nice gesture but a shame that we had to argue and constantly meet with them to receive any compensation.The wedding co-ordinator and her assistant were FANTASTIC!!!! THANK YOU for keeping me calm and helping me out in any and every way possible. We got married in the gazebo at 2:00. It was quite hot but that was the only time we could have since there is apparently only one judge for a few resorts. The gazebo was decorated lovely with colourful flowers all over. My bouquet and boutonnieres were also beautiful. Loved having a destination wedding. They worked so hard to make my wedding day very special despite what had happened earlier.FOOD- I have never done an all inclusive before, so I had no idea what to expect. The food was actually not too bad. The food is quite greasy, but there are many choices to chose from. I personally loved the breakfasts at the buffet (fresh omelettes, crepes, passion fruit, etc...) The staff and service that we received at the buffet was GREAT. Much better there then any of the a la cartes. However saying that we were always a large group of 10 or more. Not that should make a difference, but I believe that it did. Seafood restaurant (El Pascador).... Tasty seafood. Suggest trying the seabass or salmon.Steak House (Garden Grill).... Great steaks and delicous soups. We all decided as a group to skip our Mexican a la carte after hearing from a few different people that they were ill after eating there the night before. We actually switched our dinner to Palapa which was once again quite tasty.BEACH  POOLS- both were great. Clean and not to crowded. Never hard to find lounge chairs in or out of the shade. Pool music could use more variety. You will be tired of listening to Chacarron every 15 minutes. Towel service was good.BARS - Lobby bar was the best. Service was great and drinks were delicious with or without alcohol. Suggest trying some mammajuana (Dominican Viagra).STAFF- Staff were very friendly. Always greeting us with OLA and a smile. They are constantly working hard maintaining the property. Our maid was great. Always restocking the mini bar and keeping our spacious room clean. We tipped $5 each day. I understand that supervisors need to check the maids work but this should not be done at 8:30pm considering that the rooms were cleaned very early in the mornings. Understanding what had happened all of us were nervous and quite suspicious of these activities. EXCURSIONS- Oh gosh.... they were fantastic. DUNEBUGGING -- you get very dirty but everyone had a blast. TRUCK ADVENTURE -- quite disturbing seeing the poverty, but we all enjoyed what the excursion offered. We brought down many items for the children; such as; colouring books, crayons, paints, skipping ropes, bubbles, trucks and cars, stuffed animals, etc... Loved watching the joy in the children eyes as they received these gifts. SNORKELING -- the tour guides were great. Got to see some great fish and coral reefs. PARASAILING -- fun but not high enough. Despite what had happened regarding the safe I would recommend the Gran Bahai. The resort is beautiful and it offers plenty of fun things to do and enjoy. Why let one or two people ruin a great experience visiting the Dominican?Any questions feel free to e-mail me  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't expect good service!!!! Let me start off by saying that I have NEVER written one of these before, but I feel compelled to do so after my experience. We just returned from a 5 night stay at the Bahia Principe last night. On the good side, the hotel itself is beautiful and is kept very clean. The beach and pool are both gorgeous. And as for the food, we thought it was pretty good for an all inclusive. I mean, you can't go there expecting 5 star gourmet, but it was not bad at all. One restaurant in particular, Le Gourmet was very very good.Now onto the bad side of things.... We stayed in the Golden Club section because we were told it was the best and had lots of amenities......boy were we wrong!!! The only benefit of Club Golden was the location. It was right on the beach an closest to the main pool. Service in the Golden Club was soooooooo horrible. They were extremely unaccomodating and even downright rude. On the 2nd day of our trip, the air conditioning went out!!! Now, I understand that these things happen, BUT it's how the hotel deals with it that matters. In this case, they chose to not deal with it at all!! We were never told of the situation with the air....after our room started to become unbearably stuffy, we asked around and found out from some other guests that the air conditioning broke. We had to go into the Golden Club Lounge (which required a trolly ride from our villa) to get an update on what was going on. As the hotel, you'd think they would keep their guests informed and try to keep them as happy as possible given the seriousness of the problem. All they kept saying was that it would be fixed soon......well, 3 days later, our trip was over and it was still never fixed!!! The rooms were beyond stuffy and you literally could not breathe in there!!! I talked to many people who had children and they were not able to sleep in the rooms. My husband could not sleep. It was torture. To make it worse, they NEVER offered compensation or anything...no discount, no offer for free nights stay (not that we would have taken that), not even an apology!!!! They just told us to fill out a complaint form. When we checked out I asked them what they were offering their guests who were affected and they just said nothing because it was not their fault!!! Talk about poor management skills!!!!! It was like too bad for you according to them. I mean, anyone with some common sense would not want their guests to suffer on what is supposed to be a vacation!! Had someone been upfront with us from the beginning and told us that they did not know when it would be fixed, we would have understood and just moved to another hotel so we could as least have enjoyed our trip.....Their poor attitude and complete disregard for their guests comfort is the reason I would NEVER in a million years return to that hotel. There are a lot of beautiful resorts in Punta Cana.....please do yourself a favor and choose one that actually cares about their guests!!  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>mark&kristin
<Content>Simply beautiful Ok.....so you've been reading review after review about this property and your still not sure. Well let me give you a run down that will answer all your questions without going on for 3 or 4 pages.This hotel-resort is wonderful. From the pools to the landscaping to the rooms. You will not be disappointed, i assure you. My wife and I, both early 30's, have been to Punta cana 5 times. we have stayed at the Barcelo bavaro, the Fiesta-now Palladium, the Tropical Princess..you get the idea. This resort was by far the best. One thing I would recommend before you go however, is to e-mail laura Vogler (sales associate), who will return your e-mail, and pre-book the Club Golden (200.00US). It just made everything so much easier, as you not only get some nice added features (rooms close to the beach, seperate check in, easy check out) they go out of there way to cater to you. We were given a room in building 20, which is closest to the beach, however it was overlooking a construction site. I complained immediately after seeing the room and within 1 hour was facing the pool. Now some info on what everybody is probably most concerned about..the food. Well let me tell you, my wife is probably the most picky eater on the planet, but she said that this food was by far the best weve had in the DR. Its changed so much form 10 years ago when we first went. theres pizza, which was really nice, pastra, white meat chicken, sandwiches, and of course lots of sea food. The truth is that even i got sick of the food by the end of the week but who doesnt, its not home cooking. Oh and i forgot the french fries.So stop listening to the bad eviews about the food , its really quite good.The rooms are very nice. Clean, well kept and with jacuzzis in each room and I did not here anyone complain about the jets not working. Beds were king size and the fresh flowers were a nice touch. Plus plenty of restocked pop, beer and water.The beach..goes without saying..unbelievable..never diappoints.the pools were just wonderful and huge..very clean and lots of activities if thats what your into. my wife and I preferred the quiet of the beach, but it was nice to go up and have a swim and grab a beer.So..if i had to complain about something which seems to be the norm here, I would have to say that the size of the property was a bit of a problem. Not much, but waiting for a train to go to supper and to the reception area for cocktails was a bit of a headache. Oh and one other thing. If your looking for a wild vacation with young single people to hook up with, turn the page in that vacation brochure and choose another property, cause this one aint for you. Its a nice place to relax and thats just what people will be doing.So...I say go ahead and pick this resort, you will not be disappointed and you will be qwriting the same review I am when you return, I guarantee it.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>palapa
<Content>Week of relaxation (May 13 -20)! Just returned from a great week at the Bahia Principe! The resort is huge and beautiful! We stayed in the Premier section with our own pool, restaurant, and lobby bar. We were just a short walk from the main lobby and the little town.The beach is absolutley amazing, with tons of palapas for shade, we never had a problem finding one! We had sunshine every day with 10 minutes of rain the whole week!The restaurants were very good..we ate at the Japanese(very rushed), French, Mexican (so-so), and the Garden Grill! The buffets were very typical!If you go, you must try the Blue Hawaii drink..very good!Only 2 downers worth mentioning...the red wine was VERY bad!!! If you wanted good red wine you had to buy it (reasonable prices) and the last day was brutal..our flight wasn't until 10:00 pm and we could only get a late check out at 3:00 pm ($10.00 per hour) so we all had to sit in the HOT lobbyfor 4 hours. I recommend the late check out because the communal showers were something to be desired from what I heard. One more thing, LOTS of kids at this resort!!!All in all we had a great week!!  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Bahia is Awesome Hola! We recently stayed at Bahia Principe Punta Cana (Apr. 21- Apr. 28). We were 2 families, (8 people in total 鈥?4 adults, 2 tweens, and 2 teens). I hadn鈥檛 been away for some time so I was pleasantly surprised with the resort. At first I felt a little intimidated by the size of the resort, but by the next morning, I knew my around the whole place besides they have info maps everywhere. The trams that move you about are great. You can choose to walk around or you could take a tram. They came by every couple of minutes. The rooms are lovely. We had two double beds and a couch. We had them put bedding on the couch, which was great. This allowed our kids to have their own bed! The bathrooms were clean and nicely decorated with flowers. We never had an issue with towels and we always had hot water. We left tips ($1 US) daily for the maid and we left a tip in the mini bar, as they are two different people. Our bar was always well stocked with beer  pop. We went through quite a bit of water so if we were running low we asked the maid for water they always accommodated us with plenty of bottles. The grounds are immaculate. Beautifully landscaped. You can tell they take pride in keeping the resort clean. The beach has this beautiful powdery white sand. We preferred it on the beach because there鈥檚 a lovely breeze that comes off the water. If you want a spot on the beach with a hut you will have to get up early to put your stuff/towel on the chairs. We had to scope out a spot as early as 7 a.m. I recommend that you reserve your A La Carte meals with Guest Services as soon as possible. The restaurants we ate at were all good. Our personal favourite was 鈥楾he Grill鈥? We chatted with one of the Chef鈥檚, Pascal; he鈥檚 originally from Montreal. They had a great salad bar (potato salad was the best I鈥檝e ever eaten) and we actually had the best meal of the week at this restaurant. All the dishes were fantastic. I had the surf  turf and my steak melted in my mouth. I would recommend that if you are going to eat steak while you鈥檙e in Punta Cana that you only have it at this restaurant. You will be terribly disappointed if you order it at any of the other restaurants because it doesn鈥檛 taste like the beef we鈥檙e used to eating at home, I guess it鈥檚 gamier tasting. The Mexican was a big hit with the kids 鈥?they absolutely loved the burritos claiming they were the best ones they have ever eaten! Buffet restaurant was always good for breakfast and dinner. They always had good variety. Lunch was great at the snack bars. The hamburgers and the roasted chicken were awesome. So was the paella. The kids loved the pasta bar because they could choose from the various sauces. Put it this way, there is no way you could go hungry at this resort. Every employee at this resort is pleasant, happy and always smiling. The entertainment staff does a good job at trying to keep people entertained. They weren鈥檛 pushy so if you didn鈥檛 want to participate they wouldn鈥檛 pester you. The shows at night start rather late10 p.m. I found them a little hoaky. You can check the board for the nightly entertainment. They did have a great Spanish singer/guitar player (Raul) in the lobby bar every night. He was great. We were entertained while we enjoyed our Spanish coffee 鈥?a must have when you鈥檙e there. Raul even let my son perform a few nights as he also sings and plays guitar. This was definitely a highlight for our family.We found the shops and vendors at the Pueblo Principe good. We didn鈥檛 venture down the beach to the other vendors. You really have to bargain with any of the vendors in PC鈥?there鈥檚 no bargaining in the stores. There was one shop 鈥?I think it was called WBA Collection, the beaded jewellery was very well priced 鈥?average $5 per piece. If you want to get your hair braided, it鈥檚 cheaper if you go down the beach. When we were there they were set up just past the Scuba Cribe hut. It cost us $20 US for half a head.We always felt safe and we let the kids wander around and do their own thing. In the evening we loved to stroll around the resort as one big happy family. I always say, a vacation is what you make it. You will have a great time at this resort. The place is beautiful. The people are friendly. There鈥檚 plenty to eat  drink and the weather is great 鈥?this is a perfect recipe for a great vacation.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nanners
<Content>Pleasantly surprised! Will go back!       Punta Cana airport  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Tmraz
<Content>Great Vacation My fiance and I just got back from the bahia principe, we stayed from May 11 - May 18. We had a great time. The place is amazing and so beautiful!!!!! I didn't have any complaints about this five star, as I have traveled to other countries and loved the Dominican the most!!Room- Our room was fantastic. We were golden club all-inclusive so we had a villa right by the beach. Villas 20 and 1 are the closest to the beach, we had 21. The room was very clean and cool the whole time we were there. The maid cleaned our room twice a day, once in the morning and then the turn down at night. You only get a few things in your fridge (two beer, four pop and one water) a day. We put a dollar in the fridge everyday with a note cervaza por favor and we got like 8 more beer everyday. If you tip the maid two bucks a day you will get whatever you want pretty much.Service- Was excellent. Any time we sat in the lobby bars a waitress would be over within two seconds. Before we would finish our drinks she would be by to take another order. The snack bars were great, resteraunts excellent, and even the buffet had superior service. If anything the resort is over staffed.Food- I loved the food. If you have been to Mexico or Costa rica, you will think the food is excellent compared to them. I couldn't believe the complaints about the food, I don't know how it could have been any better. I don't think the people who compained about the food have ever been anywhere else in the world. Ya its another country there is different food, do you want to eat all the same stuff you do at home??? Or do you want to try something different in a DIFFERENT COUNTRY!! but it was great and I don't have any complaints. The gourmet resteraunt is the best I recommend going there for sure, but other than that I enjoyed the buffets the best, it was a different theme every night. The snack bars were awesome as well, tonnes of food all the time. Always lots of great sluch drinks to but you have to ask for alcohol.Beach - Was so nice. The water was so clear and we always got chairs right by the ocean so we could swim alot. Laying on the beach was awesome. Not crowded at all and we could find great spots everyday even around 10:30 a.m.Other than that it was awesome, really relaxing. The shows were a little lame but the audience participation ones were hillarious, they usually do those around nine before the main show. The landscaping was beautiful and the people were really nice. The staff was always cleaning with a smile on their face. If you want an all-inclusive relaxing vacation on a sweet beach, you want to go here. Great price and well worth it. Any questions, feel free to email me.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tammylicious
<Content>Speechless...!!! I was at the Bahia Principe with my bf from Apr 30-May 7, and i must say this was an AMAZING hotel. There was not one thing i could say negative, b/c everything was just perfect. We met a lot of great people while we were down there, and the staff was just super friendly. The Resort was kept very clean, and you will see the staff consistanly working. From washing the floors outside, to repainting the outside of the villas, cutting grass, they are JUST crazy working all day long. Everywhere you go and see a staff they'll always great you OLABecause it's such a great big resort, you'll never have to worry about waiting for anything, buffet, drinks, no where!! The pool bars was always great, you will never have to wait long to get your drinks b/c there are always people there serving you. They have 3 big big pools and everyone is so spred out in different areas, that's why it is never tooo crowded. And while u are by the pools, there will always be a staff walking around to ask you what you want to drink so you won't even have to bother getting up. We never really had to worry about finding a seat. You can ALWAYS find a seat by at the beach even close by the bar. The busiest pool would be by the beach.The buffet was pretty good, especially SEAFOOD night, when it was all you can eat lobster!! A la cartes we had Japanese which was alright this was becasue the tepanyaki was not that tasteful, but dessert and atmophere was excellent. French--FANTASIC, and the Italian was very good. We loved to sit and relax in the lobby after dinner, where the SAME guy would be singing every night. Dont' get me wrong the music was great, and feel free to get up and dance, dont' be shy! Madelina who worked at night in the lobby bar was EXCELLENt mixing the drinks. I loved the COCO LOCO, WITH And without alcohol. Feel free to ask for as many drinks as you want, there will be a menu on the table. We didn't really watch the nightly entertainment, however we will walk pass it each night just to check it out. The Casino opens later on in the evening, so during the day time just sit and relax and enjoy the weather. We went by the disco, but we weren't so into it. For the people who want to party out in the town there is really only one club that was good. It's good every night, rammed and packed called MANGO. We had a good time there. The taxi ride is probably about $15. Not too far from the resort, the club has 2 levels and the music is very updated. It starts to get packed at around 1130-12. So, don't go TOO early. THe cleaners was very good at cleaning the rooms, if you want more bottle water just write them a note or tell her when u see her, $1 tip makes a big difference.! Overall the trip was excellent! We've been to Cuba (Melia Varadero) last year, and cruises before and i must say, this hotel has many many many great things to offer, and for sure if u pick this resort, you'll have a wonderful experiance as we did.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Honeymoon My husband and I spent our honeymoon at Bahia Principe Punta Cana From April 30-May7th. We had an amazing time. The resort is absoulutely beautiful. We were part of the Club Diamond and were given a perfect room. We were in Villa 2 and our room had ocean view. The people are extremely nice and polite. We have no complaints, everything was perfect. The rooms: Very nice and spacious. The jacuzzi tub was my favorite! The room has two nice size closets and the bed is very comfortable.The Food: They have everything that you can imagine. You are bound to find something that you like. They make a very good margerrita pizza (thin crust) it is delicious. The breakfast is very good. All different kinds of fruits, yogurts, cereals and breads. They make omlettes on the spot, waffles, french toast, pancakes, eggs, bacon..etc. Whatever you want they have. Restaurants: We had 4 a la carte dinners. Make your reservations early! Japannese: Excellent, we loved it. Lots of food (chicken, shrimp, steak, and fish) and the desserts were amazing.Le Gourmet (French): Verynice restaurant. We enjoyed the food very much. El Pescador (Seafod restaurant): This was our favorite. We ate so...much. Lots of food and the plates are very big. Lobster (tail), fisg, jumbo shripms, squid, name it they have it!The Grill: Lots of people like this restaurant but we did not like it. The steak was hard and chewy. My husband got sick that night after eating it. Excursions:Jeep Safari: You drive your own Jeep Wrangler and get to see the mountain side of Dominican Republic. You get to see how Dominicans live. Very sad excursion but very worth while. They take you to a beach to have lunch and you get to go horseback riding. We had a memorable time. $85.00 per personIsla Saona: This is an excursion to an island. They take you their in a speed boat and you get to have lunch and drinks. The island looks like a picture out of a magazine. The water is crystal blue. It is so beautiful you have to see it. It looks like a swimming pool. Afetr spending some hours in the island, you then go on a Catamaran back to land where you have a boat party. They have music and an open bar. Lots of fun! $82.00 a person/food and drinks included.I would strongly recommend this resort and we can't wait to go back!  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Book Elsewhere!!! I have just returned from a visit to Grand Bahia Principe. We were a group of 15 people (ages 12-60) attending a wedding. Resort is beautiful, rooms are large, but do not book on the bottom level as you will be sharing your room with cockroaches. Beach is also beautiful, but a bit crowded. There are many resorts in the area and all have many rooms. Food was not great. Few people from my group experienced stomach problems, nothing too serious, but still uncomfortable. The food was just too greasy. The a la cartes are not great either and have much worse service than the lobby buffet. The only good meal we had was in the Garden grill - the steaks were great. We were also booked in the mexican restaurant, but heard from other people that they were vomiting after eating there, so we decided to pass.Our group did a few activities- they liked parasailing, dune bugging and snorkeling. I was on a glass boat tour and that was a waste of money, as we had not seen much.Unfortunately our trip was ruined by a theft. Over USD 1300 was stolen from the safe of one of the rooms in villa 14 on the wedding day of my friend. The resort claimed that the safe was opened but we are sure that it was not. They also convenietly indicated that we have left a door to the room open. Please!! Even their security said that this was an inside job.Villa 14 always had people coming in and out of the rooms. Why a cleaning supervisor needs to go into your room at 8.30 pm, when we are booked in a la carte restaurant is really beyond me. The explanation was that they are checking if we need something. Well!- the resort does not have a room service and I was in a villa 18 and friends were in villa 17 and no one ever came to check on our rooms.  The most upseting part was that the management did not seem to care that there is a thief on their staff. They refused to refund the money and offered a free week in their resort. As if we would like to come back to a place, where we were violated. All in all, if it were not for the theft the trip would have only minor hiccups, but because of this incident I would never return and would recommend to everyone to book in a different resort.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing time, besides the infectious disease caught Me and my husband and son stayed at this hotel April 22nd - April 29th 2006 in the Club Golden section. We had an amazing time. We have traveled to Dominican before and this is by far the best resort we've been to. It was very big, almost too big. Food was excellent along with the service. There was always something to do, a lot of walking though, but there was always trolleys to help you out with that. Although we have one compliant, me and my son both caught an infectious disease there. Doctors say it is simiilar to impentago and was probably due to the pool water. We also noticed a lot of people in the airport on the way home, had the same similar rashes on their legs. After arriving home, had to go to emergency and ended up off work for a week due to this. And very high doses of antibiotics. The day after we arrived home my son also had to go to the doctors because he developed the same thing as i had. Other then this we had a great time, and we would highly recommend this resort to anyone who is looking for a nice vacation. But do bring antibiotics to be safe!!!. Also one more bad thing not due to the resort, we notcied upon arriving home, that a lot of the new clothing that we had purchased for the trip was missing. Although there are a few negative things that happened the good things really did override them. This trip was amazing. GO!!!  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mickeyp23
<Content>Beautiful Grounds and Beach Just got back from the Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana yesterday. I'll put my comments by catagory below!The Room: All new. sooooo clean (even on the ground floor). Nice jet tub. Big bed and it was comfy too. Maid service was excellent and those ladies really work hard so be sure you give then a couple dollars for a tip.The Staff:Maids were awesome. Bartenders were very nice and attentive (especially in lobby bar). Staff were always smiling and greeting you were ever you went. However, the staff did not speak or understand English well so beware of the answers you get from them if you ask a question (they likely dont understand you fully and are just trying to give a good answer to you).The Pool:The front pool: (closest to lobby) was not crowded and so clean. Had no problem getting a seat. The swim up bar was nice and not too crowded. The only thing in my opinoin is they could have mixed up the music a little more. Had same songs over and over. Cant get Shakarone out of my head. Hahahaha you'll see! The beach-side pool: (closest to the beach) was clean and happening. Had no problem finding a seat. This was the real fun pool were they had the 4 pm games and more people hung out at this pool to mingle and meet each other.The Beach:Clean, white sands w/ plenty of chairs available. They were always removing seaweed to keep the sand clean.Activities:My advice would be to book your day trips 2 days in advance as they fill up fast. We went on the Bannana boat and that was a lot of fun. It was $10 each for 10 mn (but he let us on longer than that). He flipped the boat a couple times and that was fun for us. We did not mind at all. The only thing I think they could work on would be having more games (beer drinking contest, arm wrestling, etc) in the evenings. At night there wasnt much to do accept hang at the Lobby bar or the Piano bar.The Food:Sorry to say it wasnt excellent. But we did not care to much cause we were there for the fun-in-the-sun and drinks more anyway. We ate at the buffet (in the main lobby) mostly and two out of four of us got stuck in the bathroom for a little while during the trip but nothing unbearable. Just stick to the food you feel comfortable with and if it looks like it's been sittin out too long dont eat it. The food by the pool near the beach was ok and they did have burgers, dogs and fries. We did not make it to any of the formal restaurants. The Drinks:Good stuff! My favorite's were the Kamakazi and the Cocco Locco. Always strong and they will add extra rum if you want.Shopping:Beware of the vendors in the shopping square who have thier own stands. They will harrass you and chances are good you will find the same items they have in the stores but cheaper (w/ less hassle).The Guests:There were more Europeans and Canadians than Americans. Americans were the minority but we had no problems w/ anyone. The Canadians were so much fun to hang out with as always. Overview:I would recomend this resort to mostly couples. Not so much singles and kids but still your vacation is what you make of it. I loved it I heard good things about the Gran Bahia Principe in Riviera Maya Mexico also.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hitthebeachPA
<Content>Had A Great Time!!!! My husband and i had a 4 day 3 night vacation 5/11-5/14 and it was absolutely wonderful... This was our first trip out of the US and it was a pleasure.. Arrival- When we arrived it was raining but it was a nice warm rain. You have to pay a $10 tourist fee and fill our immigration forms but it is not too much paperwork. We booked the trip ourselves so we had to find a taxi to the hotel. Not a problem. We were escorted directly to a shuttle and paid $15pp. The Ride was about 30 to 40 min from the airport. They drive very aggressive so just watch out for that.. When we arrived at the front desk we were given our keys and instructions right away. They tell you about the restaurants and that you should make reservations for everyone but the buffet and they tell you to go to guest services to do that..Ok so we get to guest services and they let us know that since we are staying 4 days we get 2 reservations but everything was really booked so we just said forget it and said we would just go to the buffet. So the bellhop took us to our room..Room: Beautiful and spacious. We were in villa 10 2nd flr which is closer to the beach which was nice.. We didnt have a special view of anything but it was still nice to be able to walk out on the patio.. The mini bar was stocked with Soda and Beer and we had a gift bag on the dresser. When reading trip advisor we were expecting to see a lot of mosquitos but we didnt.Grounds: absolutely beutiful and huge. We took a walk to get a view and went to one of the many bars near the pools. but you dont have to walk too far anywhere because they have tram cars that come just about every minute in both directions.Beach/Pool/Bar: So much fun and beautiful. You have to try a Mama Juana!!! Before going i kept reading that people wake up soo early to reserve chairs. this was not necessary at all. we woke up every day around 8 had breakfast and headed out to the beach and pool. each time we found chairs without any problems. They give you cards to recieve your towels. they were cleaned constantly and if you wanted to trade yours in for a fresh set there was no problem in doing so. The bartenders were exciting and the learned your names. They were very energetic and my husband got along great with them.Food: First let me say that you have to realize that this is a different country so things will be different. Now i must say that for the finicky eater just be advised that it is different. Im finicky but i still found things to eat each time i went to eat. My husband dug right in and was trying all sorts of things.. The down fall was that we wanted some snacks at the room but when we saw the prices of american snacks we were taken aback so my advice is to bring your own snacks and keep them in your roomEntertainment: Just wonderful. they have a whole list of activities and shows. On the beach we did beach aerobics and played beach games. the staff really gets you involved and excited. They also play games and have aerobics by the pool. At night there were shows. These were plays and productions. They were great and very theatrical and exciting and they know how to keep your attention and my husband even got pulled on the stage for one of the shows.. After each event they teach you their Bahia principe dance. by the end of your stay you will be singing it in your head. There was also a guitarist in the lobby every evening and it was nice to see couples dancing and enjoying themselves. They also have a casino :) They have a spa for an addtl cost of course but then we found that they actually do massages in huts over by the beach and the pool so thats where i went because it was cheaper and it was nice since it was outside. We signed up for snorkeling excursion but it got cancelled since their were not enough people but if you want water sports makse sure you sign up as soon as you get there because they like for you to have reservations at least a day in advance.(Even for the included water sports)Staff: very friendly and energectic always spoke. I only know a few words in spanish and my husband knew none but we still felt very comfortable and if we couldnt understand they found someone who could. We didnt have to but we tried to tip as much as possible just $2 american dollars each time we could..Weather: We found it to be nice and warm in the mornings but by 430 in the afternoon is when the clouds usually rolled in. this seemed to be the case everyday. no need for an umbrella although they supply one in your roomMarketplace: The vendors are very pushy so be careful and dont let them talk you into buying anything unless you have been in the lobby shop as well as the stores in the market place first because they overcharge everything at the carts. Also make deals. Because we are from Philly and no how they are in Philly and NY we made sure we bargained them down to what was a good range for us.The tourist: We met all types of people but a majority seemed to be from Canada. They were very friendly and we enjoyed our conversations. There are also several Europeans who pretty much kept to themselves and suprisingly a great deal of american... All in all everyone was there to have a good time and We had the best. I hope this helps. Have a great time  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mrsoo
<Content>Couldn't ask for better... For my wife and I, this was our second trip back to the Bahia Principe, and second time staying in the Hacienda / Diamond Club on the Bavaro side.The difference this time was we brought our 10 year old daughter with us.Our experience and enjoyment last year gave us a good level of comfort in bringing our daughter this time around.Everything was absolutely fabulous. I found that even within the last year they have made improvements on both the facilities, and the service.Our 10 year old had the time of her life, meeting other kids her age early in the week, and spending days at the pool at nights at the shows with her new friends.A special thank you to the staff of the Bahia Prinipe, all who treated my daughter like gold. It created lifelong memories for her.We enjoyed every meal, and the pool and beach are unbeatable.I don't think it would have been possible to get more value for my dollar.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LuvMyTwins
<Content>A week in Paradise       The beautiful beach  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort... Looking Forward to Returning Soon!       View of Diamond Club Pool from Our Balcony  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cheryl1954
<Content>Relaxing and Huge , rooms AAA First of all i want to thank all that wrote reviews, as i chose this hotel on them.This was our first visit to the DR. Usually we go to Jamaica.I noticed a lot of different ages, not just children or couples, but as mentioned before, not many Americans. My husband speaks Spanish, so we had no problems with that part of our trip. The rooms where large and very clean, we had all the towels and wash cloths we needed.The food was ok, the first night we over slept and had to eat by the Casino, and the hamburgers where pretty nasty. We ate at the Mexican, and Japanese resturaunts, Margaritas where great, but my mixed grill was not so hot, husband got the steak and seemed to really like it. The International buffet, was about the best, cause you can get just about any thing, including some ice cream, and plenty of yummy desserts.The entertainment was weak. Japanese food was just as good as Behihanas here in US, if not better, gave you Tempura, Sushi, shrimp, steak, fish, and chicken,and gave you all you could want. Some of the tourists where very rude and pushed and shoved, but i guess there`s bad apples from every where. Bring the big to go cup for sure if you go, will save steps and waiting in line for a drink. Found no problem getting a chair on the beach, or beach towels. The place is huge, but as mentioned in other reviews, the tram takes you everywhere, and there`s no problem in catching one of them. I would have loved to walk the beach, but before our trip i tore a tendon in my leg, so we`ll have to go back for that. The beach is beautiful, but very shallow as are the pools. No problem with bugs, or anything else, was a nice change. But if you don`t like crowds, any place in Punta Cana is not for you, cause there are wall to wall people here. But we never had a problem with food, towels, or bugs, so don`t be afraid of this hotel, it`s super clean.If you want to now anything else about this hotel, please feel free to e-mail me :-)  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Absolutely Beautiful Place My Fiance and I stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe from May 5-11 and absolutely loved it. We arrived in Punta Cana tired from our flight and we were delighted to arrive at our beautiful resort. Upon arrival you will be thoroughly impressed with the massive main lobby area (check in desk, bar, etc. all located here). This area is absolutely gorgeous, all marbel with a waterfall, and beautiful plants and flowers throughout. The check in was a breeze, the staff spoke perfect english for those not fluent in Spanish, and in less than 10 minutes we were on our way to our room. We arrived at our room and received exactly what we had requested when we booked the trip, a suite with a king bed on the third floor.The rooms are great, large with a king bed, a couch, a spacious bathroom and a small table with two chairs to sit and drink coffee and relax in the morning. The balcony also has patio furniture and was accompanied with a great view of the surrounding gardens. Each room had a stocked mini bar with pop, water and beer and was replinished daily by the cleaning crew. Each day the rooms were cleaned, usually before 1:00 and were immaculate with the fridge restocked, and hibiscus flowers showering the place. Now to the important part, the beach was the best we have ever been to (out of Jamaica, and several places in Mexico). Blue and green water with white sand and a great breeze all day. We spent the greater part of 5 days on the beach and absolutely loved it. The other two days we spent at the pool, which was equally nice. Great water temp, less people around, and alot of fun. The food was also great, especially in the speciality restaraunts. We ate at the Japanese, which was by far the best with great food and a great environment. These is a must for everyone that goes even if you are afraid of Sushi and other Japanese food, please go you will not regret it. We also ate at the Italian and Mexican restaraunts which were delicious. The food here was great and the service, well lets just said that it can't be beat. As far as the buffet food goes (which we ate 3 nights) it is good, nothing exceptional, but there is plenty and usually something that really stands out (like fresh cooked pasta). The drinks and service were also great. There are bars spread throughout the resort and on the beach and a drink is usually just a few steps away. The drinks are loaded with rum if you wish or have no alcohol whatever you prefer. A tip here and there doesn't hurt the service you receive either, although the tips were not expected. You will not be dissapointed by the drinks and bartenders, it is all around phenomenol.Finally, we went snorkeling but didn't do any other excursions. Snorkeling was great, a nice live reef with lots of fish and impressive coral. Also we saw plenty on the drive out to the reef including the sunken ship which is out in front of the resort. The other excursions looked like fun and we decided we would wait until next year to try them (yes we are going back next year).Overall, a terrific resort, with great service, a great beach and pool and just a tremendous environment all around. You won't be dissapointed if you choose this resort and for those who have booked have a tremendous trip.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rosa727
<Content>Beautiful Bahia Principe!       main pool in the morning  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gubica
<Content>Just Married - Great Choice       beach  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>winjack
<Content>Best Vacation ever We stayed at the Gran Bahia Prinicpe in Punta Cana. It was one of the best vacations we have ever gone on. We usually cruise so we have a very high expectation on cleanliness and service and we were not disappointed in the 9 days we stayed there. We were a little confused when booking because the resort is divied into 2 sides. This is not clear when booking. Bavaro and Punta Cana are both the same resorts, they are just mirror images of each other but both are open to all the guests, and one is not better than the other.Like all the reviews before ours, you do have to get up at around 7am to get a chair in the shade but this is the same anywhere. Chairs in the sun are plenty. And with all the beach huts they have plus all the trees they have left on the beach there usually is enough shade for everyone.The food at the buffet was great. It was changed up a bit for each day though I find buffets get boring no matter where you are. There are 6 a al carte restuarants to chose from. They were all good but the Gourmet resuarant was very rushed and disorganized and not much variety especially for children.Steak house was definetly the best. Japannese was okay but we have one at the Royal York in Toronto which is way better.Rooms were spotless and very big. Mini bar a good feature in the rooms. Everywhere you went, cleaning was being done. Whole resort was spotless. (Even the beach bathrooms which were certainly a challenge to keep clean)One thing that I wrote to the resort about which could have been improved was their lack of informing about what was going on. They had 3-4 boards displaying the entertainment schedule but they were usually different. Found this a little frustrating if you want to see shows etc. I also would have liked somewhere to dance before midnight but there is no where. We had an 7 and 9 year old with us and could not find anything to do after dinner. I would definetly recommend this resort to everyone.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing! This was an amazing resort. I went with 21 family members ages 12-88. We arrived on May 2nd and stayed until May9th.I did not make the arrangements so I am not sure what level we were upgraded to but we had purple wristbands. I'm not sure what the price difference was but it was defiantly worth it.We were able to eat at 4 a la carte restaurants (Japanese, seafood, steakhouse and French). We were able to eat at the Italian restaurant for breakfast and lunch and we were also able to hang out at one of the private pools. It was nice to eat at the Italian restaurant a couple of mornings and a couple of afternoons because it gave us a break from the large buffet, if just felt more private. We were also able to get free access to the Internet.We celebrated three birthday parties and each person got a really nice cake. The only mix up was my brother Brad's birthday cake read Happy Birthday Wilson. We all thought 'who is Wilson? We all had a good laugh.I do recommend that if you have a larger party to book your meals right away. Out of all the restaurants I really liked the Japanese. Great food. Steakhouse was okay but my steak was a little over cooked. I wish I had sent it back like a couple of my family members had because it was made really well the second time. Oh well, it still tasted okay. French was good but the service took forever. Seafood was really good too.The rooms were great. We tipped our maid $2US most days and the day we tipped her $3 she didn鈥檛 even leave us towels! We had to hunt down towels to have showers that night. Some people had better service then we did but the room was still always clean. Our room did smell. After the second day I couldnt take it anymore and I went to the market and bought some candles. The smell went away shortly after.There was some pretty neat stuff at the market. The shops are good but if you are outside where the little stands are you are going to be harassed! You can actually get some nice stuff at really good prices but you have to drive a hard bargain. I bought a necklace that they quoted me $55 and in the end I only paid $15. Never pay full price! The disco sucks but who can stay up that late after being in the sun all day and especially when the bars open at 10:00am!Overall service at the bars, restaurants and front desk were really good.I can write on and on about how great the resort and beach was but just trust me when I say that all 21 members of my family had an awesome time!  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wedding in Paradise We stayed at the Bahia Principe from April 29-May 7th with 10 others and we were married on May 3rd. Let me first start with the food. I totally enjoyed every meal but most of the others didn't care for the food. I usually get sick at least one day no matter where we travel but this time I didn't. We enjoyed the Grill House and the Japenese a la cartes and the buffets. The drinks flow all day and night and my only complaint is that they make the drinks really strong, so be sure to ask for very little alcohol and then they are perfect.The resort didn't seem as clean this year but I the staff does try hard to keep it clean. This time we stayed in the Golden Club but the only difference was that our room was close to the beach but the service was the same. Take the time to communicate with the people who work at the resort and vendors on the beach they are very proud to tell you all about their country. As for the wedding it was perfect. The only problem was the time was changed the morning of the wedding from 3:30 to 5:30. Then at 5:00 we were told the judge would be late so we finally got married at 6:30. The flowers and photos were perfect the band and our wedding dinner at the Grill House was excellent. Marianna is the Wedding coordinator and she was very helpfull and she constantly reaasured me that everything would be perfect and it was. Domican people are very relaxed and they work on what I call Dominican Time (never on time for anything) so be just relax and don't worry. If you get a chance take a walk down the beach and find George he sells amazing stone statues and jewellery and he will take the time to answer questions and tell you some history about Dominican. If you are looking for the best wait staff find Alberto he usually works in Peublo Principe and Jose Luis in the Lobby at night and by the pool in the day and ask him for some mamajuana. We highly reccomend this resort to families, singles and couples there is something for everyone. I would also just like to say Matt I am so proud to finally be your wife. You are my best friend and I can't imagine my life without you in it. You looked amazing and I love you. And I would also like to thank my parents for everything they did to help us wedding and all our guests for coming.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sungrl07
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful Where do I begin... I am a twenty five year old girl who went for a week with her boyfriend. It was the first time I had ever stayed at a tropical resort. I was AMAZED.I will highlight what made the trip so wonderful.-The resort itself is physicallly beautiful ... high beautiful ceilings, neat architecture, nice villas with spacious rooms, marble private bathrooms everywhere, jacuzzi tub!!Immaculate grounds with so much greenery.-Food-Wide variety offerred at the buffet.. I am a simple eater - my boyfriend is more adventurous-and we were both happy. - Everything including all fruit and greenery are washed with purified water.. so it's safe! The fruit areas and salad bars were to die for.. Fresh fruit alllll day long-A la Carte restarurants-many to choose from, we ate at 4 and all were great. Fancy and Fun.. the staff make you feel special and are very attentive.. Contrary to what I've read in another review.. the White wine was FANTASTIC. I would HIGHLY recommend all to book a reservation at Las Olas for dinner.. it is a snack area during the day.. but at night is open, on a patio on the beach lit with candles- and a Great BBQ where the chefs are cooking up Filet Minon, Shrimp, Chicken ect... The best restaurant experience we had.. very romantic and relaxing-Coffee - Simple yet added to the enjoyment.. The Dominican coffee was thicker and took a day to get used to... then I LOVED it....Great in the morning.. and wonderful to take a mid day break from the sun and sit in the shady snack bar overlooking the pools and sipping on this delicious coffee.. mmmm-Beach and Ocean-What can I say... breathtaking.. Clean, crystal blue, white sand... We went snorkling with Carribean Festival and it was amazing.. Fun boat ride too!!Entertainment- Fun Crew to be around.. You will see the same ppl who do the entertainment often.. Considering the fact they work alll day (Early day activities on the pool, beach and then showtime at night) they are always smiling and fulll of enegy. It was fun to get involved in the shows when they needed audience participation!I'm going to sign off and then think of a million other wonderful things I could have shared. I am suprised reading the negative reviews... I truly never had an unsatisfying moment here... I don't know how you could!?!I would share pics but we've got 300 on the digital that are getting printed....GO HERE. I want to go back again next year... Now I understand what all the excitement is all about... travelling is addictive!!! S.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic, great food, great beach and very clean My husband is an eating machine and we couldn't not stop talking about how good the food was at this resort. The room was beautiful, I definately recommend going for club diamond for the rooms close to the beach. The entire resort is spotless, as soon as you put your drink down, someone picks it up and asks you if you want anything else. The service was very impressive.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time... We just got back from Gran Bahia Principe and loved it! Our stay was from April 30th-May 6th. It was 12 of us total, my husband and I have a 20 month old daughter (I am 27 and he is 30). There also was 4 single guys from the age of 27-33, my parents in their early 50s, my aunt and uncle in their early 40s and their married friends in their 40s. I have been to Cancun twice and stayed in all inclusive resorts (Moon Palace and Jack Tar) and also stayed in La Romana, DR at Sunscape 2 years ago at all-inclusive so I have a little bit of experience. We requested from our travel agent for 8 of us to be close to the beach and they upgraded all of us to villa 27 on check in which is only 3 units off the beach!!! Plus we were all in the same villa which was really convenient. We requested first floor since we have the baby and got it with no problems with mosquitos. The other 4 people upgraded to golden club and they were a little closer to the beach than us. The first few days were an overcast with clouds pretty much all day but around 3 pm the sun would come out in full power. The last 4 days is was sunny all day which we loved but also could feel our skin burning so recommend strong sunscreen!!! It made us sort of happy it was cloudy the first few days since we had already gotten alot of sun. There is always a constant mild breeze which is lovely. The pool is huge. The beach is awesome with small waves and water is refreshing. Lots of topless women so beware. My uncle and his friend snorkeled out to the sunken ship and there was not much to see in terms of fish and they said it was hard to get back in due to the undertoe so don't recommend it unless you are an avid swimmer. The palapas on the beach and pool do get reserved quit early so if you want shade you should definitely reserve them around 7am or so. The food I thought was great at the main buffet which is in the lobby. No one got sick really. Some of us had travelers diarrhea for a day or 2 but nothing u had to run to the bathroom for. We even fed my daughter everything we ate and she had no problems. There is a breakfast buffet at the mexican restaurant close to the beach (breakfast buffets close at 10:30am) that no one really knows about and has a good selection and you do not have to be gold members. Oh if you want the Garden Grill Restaurant you have to reserve the day you get there apparently so all of us missed out on that! ! But we did go the the BBQ which they told us has the same steaks as the Garden Grill and definitely recommend that. We also all ate at the Japanese which was good. Beef was not so good and very tough but what do you expect?? And lastly ate at the Gourmet which I think is also the French restaurant. We pretty much all ordered the surf and turf. The steak was great but the lobster was horrible. It was so mushy that is tasted like it was pureed. The desserts were great. The lunch during the day at the pool buffet were not my favorite but there is a buffet on the left side of the beach and it is called Las Olas which was great with alot more of a selection. The drinks were great. Recommend the chocolate monkey and the coco rosso and got really drunk one day drinking a Titanic. Lots of canadians there. In fact i think they must have shut down Canada for a week!!! Felt like a minority since i was american but did not really mind. The staff is very friendly and goes out of their way to make u happy. The tram runs constantly and has many stops along the main walkway. I thought seeing it so much would be annoying and an eye sore but it was not since it is rather small and quiet and we used it alot. The walk from our villa to the lobby was only 10 mins anyway. I really don't have anything bad to say about this place. It was beautiful. It's a village in itself. The disco club was pretty small but had a good vibe to it and the casino had roulette, blackjack and slots but no poker tables for texas holdem. Our maid was not so great. I guess that is my only complaint. We always had to ask for extra towels and she spoke hardly any english. Also, we never received decorative animals but did not really mind so much. We all booked the party boat since it was two floor and i could take my daughter. We snorkeled for a little while and really did not see much and then swam with a huge sting ray and nurse sharks. The excursion was ok and have definitely been on better but it was really the only one we could all do with the baby. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place. It is on my top 2 next to Moon Palace in cancun. Don't hesitate to book it.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gladmike
<Content>Most Beautiful Grounds!!!! Just returned from 9 days at the Gorgeous Bahia Principe. Villa 1 Golden Club. Could not have been a better room!!! Many thanks to Albania Batista. We owe this to her. Had a fabulous time. People were really terrific, even though there was a language barrior. Only complaint was the food. For a 5 * hotel, the ala carte restaurants left alot to be desired. The breakfast in the Seafood restaurant was not good, pancakes and french toast ice cold everyday,but we did get our special egg white omlettes on request.The beach was unbelievable, as well as the beach pool. The beach bar guys  Josephine were great. Brought us our drinks before we even asked for them.DO NOT look up the weather on the website. It was beautiful everyday, despite the predicted forecast on the internet. All in all, great time was had by both of us. Only problem we did experience, was not feeling very well last day there and two days when we came home, on antibiodics now . This happened to us 5 years ago when we were inPunta Cana. It's not the water, maybe different kind of food, but it did happen again this year.If food improves, we would most definitely return to the Bahia!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Guntherk9
<Content>Highly recommend Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana Returned sunday may 7th from the Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana - what a great resort! This is a huge resort with constant trolley buses shuttling you from one end of the resort to the beach areas- take walkie talkies if you have them - each of the couples in our group had one and it was great to do your own thing but arrange to meet up through the day. The weather was gorgeous and very hot, the rooms were large and clean, the only complaint that we had was that there are mosquitoes in the rooms so take spray with you or you will get lots of bites! Do yourselves a favour also and book the 'A la cartes' within a day of your arrival, we had a group of 8 and it was not easy to get the 3rd 'A la carte dinner' booked since we waited until the 3rd day to do it. There is a place about 30 minute walk down on the beach which we called 'Tent city' where there are many many stalls with vendors to buy souveniors for a good bartered price. They will ask for $50 plus US for a 'Dominican opal' pendant but you can get a large one for $10-15 US once you firmly barter or if you get more than one. You can get Larimar, coral or amber chunky necklaces for $10-15 US but they will ask triple that so be warned that you really need to barter! Get the Ron Brugal rum at the resort - you can get it for a dollar more there than you can from the beach plus you dont have to carry it that 30 minute walk back to the resort from Tent city. At the resort the staff are so friendly and helpful - try the Chocolate Monkey drinks if you like chocolate and coconut and the Pina Coladas are like ice cream. This resort was a positive experience for us all and we highly recommend it for travellers who enjoy beautiful safe beaches and a 5 star resort. Enjoy your trip!  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>OhioKaryn
<Content>Great Trip We traveled to the Punta Cana (Club Golden Jr. Suites) side of the resort with 2 couples (low 30鈥檚 and low 60鈥檚), the week on April 15th through the 22nd. We flew out of Hamilton, ON, Ca on WestJet鈥攄efinitely two thumbs up on the trip. The bus transfer to the hotel went smoothly as well-with the bus check in as others have mentioned. Upon arrival at the resort we were greeted by a huge lobby with a beautiful Palm Tree sculpture. We were whisked off to our villa in a tram and the bellboy brought our luggage to our 2nd floor room. We quickly unpacked and got ready to sample the buffet. The food is very good and I will describe it as 鈥淓uropean鈥?in nature, a lot more meats, sausages and cheeses than you see in the US鈥攂ut this was in no way a bad thing.Here are some tips:-Bring an insulated mug from home for your drinks鈥攊t keeps them colder longer-and if you don鈥檛 finish at the pool or bar the mug is easy to transport back to your room if you鈥檇 like to finish your drink while getting ready for dinner-- If you have been to Mexico or another destination previously and are accustomed/planning to tip at buffet meals, place your tip on the table when you sit down---we found that this increases the level of service and since we were going to tip anyway no sense in waiting until the end of the meal--If you absolutely want to be guaranteed bacon for breakfast head to the El Pescador restaurant, between the last tram stop and the pool鈥攇reat food without having to bump into a ton of half awake people at the main buffet鈥攋ust a bit less choices than the main buffet but once we found out this treasure on the second morning we ate there everyday for breakfast---lunch we headed to the main buffet-we didn鈥檛 want to miss anything --Hair braiding鈥攁 very good place to go is-head to the beach, make a left and walk until you see the large wooden sign that says 鈥?you are now leaving the boundaries of the resort鈥?directly behind this sign is a group of ladies that do a wonderful job鈥擨 got a half head (just to avoid styling bangs for a week) for $25--Temporary tattoos鈥擨 got a 2 陆鈥?diameter sun in color for $14---best to wait at least a few days into the trip to get a base tan because you can鈥檛 apply sunblock or lotion to the tattoo for 7 days.--We recommend listening to the orientation talk given most mornings around 9 or 10. Very useful information is given out--If you plan to shop for Larimar-a light turquoise stone on the island鈥攜ou will want to go to see Vivianne at the L鈥橳orpedo Jewelry Store off-property. Our Air Transat rep. arranged for this for us. It is free they come to get you and you shop for about 45 minutes then you are back to the resort鈥擨 got a very nice larimar and amber pendant for $35. This is a no pressure sales place鈥攖hey also have cigars there but I didn鈥檛 price them.--Make your reservations early (we did it the day we arrived) for the a la carte restaurants鈥攚e did and got the times we wanted every time鈥攚e went to the El Pescador (appetizer bar, fabulous ceviche and lobster), Garden Grill (appetizer bar, great steak and shrimp brochetta), Le Gourmet (appetizer ordered off of menu, great sea bass, filet and lobster), Maikado, Japanese (appetizers brought to you, veg. Tempura and sushi, prepared in front of you鈥攜ou can pick any or all鈥攕hrimp, fish, chicken and beef)--Drinks were very good we stuck to margaritas, dirty monkeys and banana mamas--Animation staff comes around with macaws, monkeys and staff dressed in traditional outfits to take pictures next to you. The pictures are $6 each or 3 for $15鈥擧INT鈥攖hey use a digital camera if you want just ask to see the preview to make sure you like the way it turned out鈥攊f not they will snap another picture for you--Pool bingo at the quiet pool was fun鈥攈ubby won a small bottle of rum.Excursions:--Marinarium鈥攊f you have snorkeled in Mexico you will be disappointed by the snorkeling鈥攈owever if you want to swim with the sting rays and nurse sharks and be in the water and have a drink and relax on a boat this is a good trip, as long as you go into it knowing that you won鈥檛 be WOWed by the coral you will enjoy it. $72 for adults this includes a 25 min. bus trip to and from the launch point-leave resort at 8:00am return around 12:30pm--Deep Sea fishing with Gone Fishing was great $99 for adults---cargo truck trip to the launch point鈥攖he boat as a whole caught a barracuda, and 3 Mahi Mahi---great people to help you out and drinks and sandwiches offered鈥攍eave at about 7:30am and return around 1:30 pm.--Parasailing though Scuba Caribe-disappointing $85 for 2 adults鈥攂arely 10 minutes in flight鈥攖he crew is not especially friendly or helpful鈥攕mall taxi boat comes out to the boat and passengers are expected to get themselves from one boat to another without much help. My husband tipped the boat taxi $10 and he was allowed to come along only to take pictures鈥擨 am glad he did so that we can have something to remember our short trip in the sky.Bus trip back to the airport was fine 鈥搇ong lines at the check in desk and at customs鈥攚e left on a Saturday so not sure if this is an everyday occurrence or just because it was a weekend---grab a water or bottle pop from you room before leaving the resort鈥攜ou鈥檒l be glad you did.We loved this trip鈥攎ore relaxed than our trip to the Riviera Maya since there is less to do off-property but definitely a fabulous hotel chain. Would recommend to anyone.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>brilliant!!!!!!!!!!! Just back today from a two week stay at the bahia. If you have already booked this hotel you definately won't be lest dissapointed!. To all the people on here complaining what is wrong with you!. Don't won't to go on so i will keep it brief.food_ absolutely fantastic the buffet had lots of choice for breckfast lunch and dinner. but there were also snacks bars, i usually ate my breckfast at the fish restraunt which put a buffet on in the morning as it was closer to me. dinner usually the beach snack bar!. dinner was the buffet if we didn't have a a lacarte reservation which i will come to now!.al acarte- we ate at six al acarte restraunts as we were there 2 weeks, the mexican, italian, japanese, garden grill, meditarian, gormet. They were all great some of the best food i have eaten!. the gormet had to be my fave though!.the drink is all good and it really is as much as you can eat and drink ( my boyfriend gained a stone) i took my three year old daughter and she ate so well!.dont want to drag on but go and enjoy!! drink plenty of rum for me, as i am on one serious detox lol.by the way hi to amy, chris, janet, anne, nicole, leanne, if your reading this!!. l  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ddhoyt
<Content>Looks good from far away, but up close... Like everyone else says, the beach here is amazing. It was defanutely the best part of our trip. It is very relaxing but you do have to get up at 6am to reserve a good seat. The water is very busy with boats going by, so the noise can be a bit much at times. The pools are VERY busy. I would sujest it for kids, rowdy teens and grown ups who just want to get hammered. There are a few differnt pools all with their own swim up bars.The food was average. We weren't expecting much, so it was fine. There is lots of variety at the main buffet, but if you are health conciouse, be prepared to eat fruit all week. everything is overcooked and soaked in butter or oil. But we preferred the buffet. We had TERRIBLE service at all 4 of our a la carts which we found strange. We had heard such good things. **If you have food allergies be very carefull** Dishes are labelled wrong (onion rings were actually calamari) and exclude crucial ingrediants. my boyfriend is allergic to shellfish and ate some pasta salad that had shrimp blended into the sauce. This ment that our last night was spend in our room with him in pain. The wine is undrinkable...and I can drink anything. You can buy bottle for a decent price at the ala carts though. President is a good beer, but it gets boring after a while. The first thing my boyfriend did when we got home was to buy a couple of cans of Killkenny!This resort is big but the trollies make life easy. We paid extra to be in gold club, but only because we wanted to be right on the beach. If this isn't imprtant to you, don't waist your money. The rooms, at first glance, were beautiful. But if you have respitory problems, be weary. There is lots of mold in the room and the pillow are filthy. We ended up at the hospital with a few otheres because of this. Oh ya, they have a doctor on the resort but make sure you have all the proper insurance. She doesn't really seem to know what she is doing so she sends everyone to the hospital. On the plus side, the hospital in Bavaro was really nice! They have a doctor that speaks english and puts you at ease.The management staff didn't care about our health issue at all. I was brushed off by numerous people. I felt robbed of our time and money.The staff is very friendly but speak mostly spanish. A lot of people were dissapointed that they didn't try harder to speak english. This is rediculous people, get over it!There is lots more to say, but I would just be repeating what others have said about the Bahia. I will end saying that if you are looking for a romantic, relaxing, luxurious vacation, this is not the spot for you. You get lost in the shuffle and don;t get the chance to know anyone. I would say that the resort is a 4 star, but lost a lot of points for their lack of concern for the guest. If you want go, get drunk, get a tan, and dance the night away, then the Bahia is for you. We will not be going back there. I reccomend Punta Cana, but not Bahia for romance.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best! I went in the past to Barcelo Bavaro Beach, Grand Paradise, Barcelo in Mayan Riviera and Breezes in Varadero Cuba. I will never go back to Cuba. My boyfriend and I (late 40) had liked very much Barcelo in Mayan Riviera but we would say that the Gran Bahia Principe is much better. The beach is nicer, lots of places to sit and have a drink or just relax. The food is great and taste very good. In my case, I like a resort with lots of food and there was a lots of choice. The breakfast was the best. The first day you might think it's big, but we were in the Golden Club (the best if you prefer to be close to the beach) and would walked to the buffet every day for supper (10 minutes). Trip advisor has rated this hotel the third best one in DR and they were not making a mistake. I will definitely go there again next year.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WestHamToronto
<Content>Great Week! I want to start by thanking all those that did write reviews on this hotel as they were great in helping us decide where to stay.To put things in our perspective, 5 years ago we went to St. Lucia and stayed at a Sandals. That hotel was also a 5 star and cost about double what we just spent to stay in Punta Cana. Our room at the Sandals was basically a 3 star room that overlooked the beautiful view of the air conditioning units. Given the reviews on the Bahia Principe, I felt I was taking some risk vs. the so called 5 star Sandals, but we are very pleased with the risk that we took!I should also mention our objective for the week which was to read books, relax and have a few (apparently quite a few) cocktails! Having lived on a tropical island for a few years, and with our busy work and personal lives, we had no requirement to do an outside excursions.That objective was met and exceeded during the course of our trip! The room was comfortable and spacious. We were in Building 25, room 302 (Club Diamond). Our view was pleasant and while we looked over other buildings, we couldn't really see into anyone else's room directly. As well, we were in a super proximaty to the beach pool and the beach itself. As mentioned in other reviews, the resort is large, but very easy to understand and if you need it, the tram runs all the time. Usually we walked as lord knows we needed the exercise!The pools are clean and the resort itself is quite well maintained. I was very impressed versus the Sandals in St. Lucia, but keep in mind that this is the Carribean 5 star, not the North American Four Seasons 5 star. We couldn't seem to figure out how to get a bottle of wine to our room and the bar fridge had the temperature of a warm beer.While you don't have to get up at the crack of dawn to secure your shaded spot by the pool, we did find that we needed to get to the pool/beach by about 8:30 to get anything in the shade. If you are stuck, there are shaded huts on the north end of the resort on the beach. They're a bit out of the way, but when its so warm, you'll take anything. The other option of course is to move from swim up bar to swim up bar, which generally had shaded spots :)We also liked the fact that Club Diamond had a pool that was for use for Club Diamond (and a few other clubs) only. This pool was a bit quieter than the others, but if you did want any entertainment during the day, you could go to either of the other pools to get this entertainment. By entertainment I mean aerobics, bingo, pool games and the like.I also had a concern before booking about having whacks of kids screaming and splashing around us. We do have a child ourselves which we left at home with his grandparents, and the price of adults only was so significantly different than resorts that allowed children that we chose to go this route. I can say that we were pleasantly surprised. While there was kids of course, they were generally well behaved and most of the screaming/splashing came from the drunk adults, not the kids!There's just a few things that were more on the negative side that I did want to comment on. Firstly the food. If you live somewhere where you have good multi-cultural food and many fine restaurants or you consider yourself a foodie of any sort, this may not be the spot for you. While the food is edible and there is lots of variety, I am not sure the Japenese or Mexican had much similiarities to foods from either of thier countries of origin. While the names sounded right (miso soup and sushi for example) the soup was just odd and the sushi had been made about a month before and was very dry. I did find the service on the other hand, very good. Again, not exactly fine dining, but very attentive and the staff generally did a good job.From an evening entertainment perspective, it was kind of odd. It was like the swept you through the hotel. The beach bars close at 6 and there's just one snack bar that is open until 10. If you had that picture in your mind of dining on the beach, it doesn't really happen at night at this resort. When you're finished dinner, you can go to the lobby bar, see a show or go into the square. Most people tended to go to the lobby bar or the show and then around 11 (when the lobby bar shut), we migrated over to the square for a show there, and then those still willing to keep going went to the disco and then when that was shut at 2, you went to the sort of all night snack bar in the square (but it seemed that it closed at 2:30 or so - I couldn't really tell as I was only there one night :) There was this odd thing in the bars in the square where they would get your room number and ask you to sign something. This made me a bit nervous that I was now paying for my drinks. The staff kept saying it was for control. So, we took a risk and it was fine, nothing showed up on our bill except a bottle of wine that we had specifically paid for at one of the dinners. One night we did try to go down to the beach, but there was no lights on and it was very dark and a bit disconcerting, so we kept our beach time to daylight hours.On the entertainment side, its generally amusing, certainly not Vegas or Broadway, but if you want Vegas or Broadway, then go to Vegas or New York! Keep in mind that the island is Spanish speaking as is much of the music. If you think (like my husband did) that Bob Marley is going to be wailing throughout the resort, think again. As well, there was also many European's at the resort. Most events were done in Spanish, English, French and German. We saw/heard Canadians, English (i.e., from England), Germans, French and Spanish. If you're interested in meeting folks from around the world or at least around Europe, this is a good place to go. All in all, for the price, it was an excellent value. I would recommend this to both adults only and families. We had a great week off and I can't wait to see where we'll go next time!Please feel free to email me if you have any questions.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful !!!               More photos  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Travelingperson
<Content>We will definately return! My boyfriend and I just returned from Punta Cana. Though I do have some complaints, they certainly wouldn鈥檛 stop me from returning.Airport: The handlers are very aggressive. Just be firm with them and they will leave you alone.Room: We stayed in villa #10, which along with #20, is closest to the beach. After reading many reviews, I requested, via email, this specific room. The room was very nice and comfortable. Saw no mosquitoes or other bugs. I think that was because of our room location.Beach: Unbelievable white, sandy beach. The staff raked the beach of seaweed every morning. If you want to get a Palapa, you must get up early to reserve your chairs. While I do not like this practice and think it is unfair, it鈥檚 really the only thing you can do if you want shade. The hotel handbook says that saving chairs is against the rules but it is not monitored at all. Most days, I saved my chair by 5:30 am and many were saved before then!On a different note: we left our beach bag under our chair while we went to lunch. We came back to find that the contents were all over the sand. Our money was missing. This happened in the hour that we were gone.Please be sure to watch the sunrise on the beach. It was breathtaking! If only that old rusty barge was not such an eyesore!Food: A bit disappointing. The buffet food was lukewarm at best. The food was the same every day. One morning, after cutting through my pancakes, I noticed the inside was runny batter. Gross. It鈥檚 also advised that you make reservations for the restaurants when you arrive. We did this and were told that the Garden Grill (steakhouse) was booked the entire week. I called our Club Golden rep the next day and she was able to get us in. I鈥檓 thankful she did. The steaks were very, very good. We also tried the Italian and neither of us liked it. Very bland. We also tried the Seafood restaurant and that was just okay.We travel quite frequently and really wanted to see more Dominican food. I had to laugh when a previous poster said all she wanted was pizza and a huge sandwich? Hello?Bars: I was well prepared with my drink selections. I had note cards with my choices written in Spanish and still had problems getting even the simplest of drinks. Didn鈥檛 have this problem in the lobby bar though.Entertainment: The previous posters covered this in detail. Quite simply: It was the worst I鈥檝e ever seenPool: We didn鈥檛 use the pool much because you must reserve a chair. I would never reserve a chair both at the beach AND the pool. We chose to use the beach instead. The few times we did use the pool, it was very nice. Even though it鈥檚 loud, it was still very nice. Housekeeping: Our rooms were cleaned daily by the same maid (Carmen). While she did an excellent job at cleaning, the towel supply was never consistent. Some days we would have enough, others we wouldn鈥檛. And oddly, our first day there, our towels were very nice and soft. After that, they were like sandpaper. Also, we had a bunch of snacks in the mini fridge and each day, we noticed some were missing. Excursions: We went on the Outback Safari and really enjoyed it. Our guides were great and it was really nice to see the Dominican culture. We learned a lot!Lastly, if you are able to upgrade to the Club Golden, you should. It was really worth it. We didn鈥檛 have to deal with towel cards. We also had 1 more restaurant dinner as well as Internet access if needed. In general, we received better service.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cookiecarol
<Content>Nice vacation at the Bahia My husband and I (late 20's) stayed at the BP Punta Cana from April 22 - 29/ 06. We had stayed at the Bahia Principe Tulum in Mexico for two weeks in 2005 and loved it, so decided to give the Bahia a try in a different country. We booked through Transat Vacations and got Club Golden privileges which are only available through Transat. You get rooms close to the beach  pool, beach towel service in your room, four a la cartes/ week, and turn-down service every night (no big deal, but nice because they'll give you fresh towels again).Our flight from Halifax was on-time and uneventful. Transportation to the resort was very quick. We had to wait almost an hour for our room to be ready, so we had time to relax and have a couple drinks at the lobby bar.Rooms: The rooms are spacious and really clean. The beds are comfortable enough and the TV, mini fridge, hair dryer and alarm clock all worked so there were no complaints. The maid always did a thorough job and the room was cleaned by noon every day we were there. Beach/ Pool/ Grounds: Absolutely beautiful!! White sand and warm turquoise water - doesn't get much better than that! We preferred to go down the beach to the left towards the volleyball court because it was quieter and less crowded than directly in front of the main pool. The pool is huge and gets crowded and noisy after lunch, but is nice in the morning before the Vengaboys CD gets going. (After a week at this place, you will have heard We like to party by the Vengaboys enough times to last a lifetime. They need new music at this place). The resort gronds are beautiful - lots of nice bushes, flowers, and statutes. The staff work really hard to keep the place looking great and it shows! Shuttles: This is one area where the BP Punta Cana totally outshines the BP Tulum. You will NEVER wait more than a minute for shuttle, they are on a continual rotation. Food  Drink: We didnt go expecting any great culinary experiences, and we didn't get any. The buffet didn't have much variety (mostly everything is fried), but you won't starve as there is a pasta bar at lunch and dinner everyday. Different people like different things, however, so you may love the food. We went to 4 a la cartes - the Mexican, Italian, Japanese and Gourmet, with the Japanese and Gourmet being our favourites. The best drinks are at the lobby bar. There is a fairly big drink menu and the waitresses are excellent. Mosquitoes: Yes, there are mosquitoes, but not swarms of them. We were on the first floor and we had mosquitoes in our room on a daily basis, but no other critters made their way in (that we saw, anyway). Our friends were on the second floor of the same building and didn't have any mosquitoes all week. Bring along the bug repellant and/or Afterbite just in case. Miscellaneous: People reserve pool chairs here, so either get up early to stake one out or chance not getting the location you want. Be sure to take 2 mornings out of your week to get up at 5:30am and take in a sunrise. If the sky is clear you will have a really beautiful view from the beach as the sun rises to the right of the ship in the ocean. I say 2 mornings, because if you have a decent camera and lens, one morning for the beach and the other to stay around the main pool and take pics of the pool and black silouhette palm trees against a bluish pink sky. It'll make the amateur photographer look like a pro!! We didn't take in any theatre entertainment, however kid type movies played during the day time. The lobby bar guitarist knows about a dozen or more songs, some spanish and some english (popular ones like stevie wonder and the beatles); BUT expect to hear the same songs played in different order all week long! When the airport people take both your entry and exit cards don't worry, they apparently do that for everyone. However make sure you DO have $20 US each to get out of the country. Payable at the airport.If you're going with intent to relax, swim, and read your book, then this is a good spot!  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time at Gran Bahia Principe We just arrived back from the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana on May 5, 2006. We had a fantastic time. We stayed in unit 12 which is half way between the lobby and the beach. I asked for the 3rd floor to avoid bugs and mosquitos but still managed to get about 20 bites within the first two nights. I used aerosol bug spray the first two nights which wasn't as effective and then went to a regular pump spray the rest of the time and didn't get bitten after that.The room is quite nice and better than what I expected for an underdeveloped country. The bed was relatively comfortable and we got clean sheets and towels and towel decorations with flowers everyday. We tipped $2 everyday but not sure if that made a difference. The tub was clogged when we got there so the second day we went to Guest Services and asked to have it fixed and it was done the same day. It's a little but difficult to communicate there because many of them don't speak much English but we managed with the the few words we knew and gestures. Most people there were friendly and happy to help.We ordered the safe for our room whe we got there at a cost of $26US. Good idea to get it. I was a bit worried about the weather because I looked at the weather forecast before we left and it didn't look very good. It rained two nights but it doesn't last long. They provide an umbrella in the room so if it is dinner time and it's downpuring you don't have to worry about getting from one end o the resort to the other. The other option is to get on the tram that goes around the resort. The rest of the time would be partly cloudy for half the day and then it would get sunny later in the afternoon. We were actually thankful that it was partly cloudy some of the time so we could stay outside longer and not sizzle. The other reason is because unless you get out to the beach by 8am and marking your lounge chair with a towel (which you're not supposed to do but people do it anyways) you would be left with a chair without a palapas and no shade. The pool was great as well so we would go to the beach for part of the day and transfer to the pool later in the day once the waves were up.The drinks were good but very sweet. The other thing was that there is inconsistency when you asked for the same drink. For instance, you would ask for a Banana Mama (my favorite drink there) and with certain bartenders you wouldn't get rum with it unless you ask. There traditional shooter drink there is the Mamajuana, made with rum and honey and herbs that are in the bottle and sit to ferment. Not bad but you can only handle so many of them.We went to see one show and that was one too many, so we just hung out in the lobby and had drinks and listened to music instead. I have been to 3 star resorts in Cancun which had better entertainment but it wasn't a big deal to us. We managed to meet people there so we had a good time without the entertainment. We would have liked to go dancing but the bar didn't open until midnight in Pueblo Principe. There is nothing beyond the resort and also did not seem safe to leave. The only time we left the resort was to go ona free shopping tour to Don Lucas Cigars and to go on the Marinarium Snorkeling Tour and cruise. Don Lucas cigars was a joke. We were led to believe that there would be souvenirs and several things to buy there but when we got there all there was to buy was cigars, rum (which was more expensive than the lobby shop at the resort), coffee, some art, and very little jewelery. The only worthwhile thing to buy there is cigars and they even let you try one. There was slightly more selection of coffee, but other than that it was a waste of time because the by the time you were ready to leave you wanted to just leave everything you were buying because the service was so poor.The Marinarium tour was awesome! One of the best snorkeling tours I've been on. You get to see nerve sharks and sting rays which are harmless but big enough (6+ feet long) to be quite exciting. Closer to the boat was quite an array of fish to see. Then they take you to a natural pool which is only 4ft deep and quite clear out in Catalonia. It cost $72US/person but worthwhile.We're lucky we didn't miss the tour because we didn't receive our wakeup call. Tried to set it ourselves through the automation system and also called the operator so that we had a back-up and neither of them came through.The only thing I really wasn't impressed with at this resort was the food. For a five star I was expecting a lot more quality. At first I was disappointed that we only got 3 a la cartes, but I was later glad we only had the 3. The buffet was actually better and at least found something eatible. We did Japonese, El Pescador and Le Gourmet. The only one I really enjoyed was the Japonese. The seafood was the worst dining I ever had. I was looking forward to it the most because I love seafood but it was not at all what I expected. The service was bad and the food was not eatible. I ordered seabass with a basil sauce and it was so greasy and salty that I wanted to gag and wondered if it was even seabass. My husband ordered the seafood grill platter and that looked even worse. I think he only ate the two shrimp that were on his plate. My husband asked if any of the fish came from there and they said no. I was shocked to hear that we were 50 metres away from the ocean and none of it came from there.The last a la carte we had was Le Gourmet. They tried to make it classy French dining but I don't think they fully understand the concept. I ordered seabass once again which was not bad, but my husband ordered the surf and turf and was not able to eat it. The steak was more like shoe leather and the lobster was more like the size of shrimp and was black and rotten. Then we ordered dessert and it was aweful. I took two bites and that was two bites too many. so we just went to the buffet after that. The next day the toilet was my best friend, so I stuck to rice and toast for the next two days.The buffet was not bad. There was plenty of selection but most of the food was fried. The service was good at the buffet and they kept the food fresh and monitored so that nothing ran out. We had breakfast, lunch and dinner there. We had lunch one day by the main pool and it was pretty bad. We had a burger and it was still uncooked inside and in general the place didn't seem as clean.The location is good in comparison to the other resorts as well and not too close to where the boats dock so the noise on the beach was kept to a minimum.Overall, we loved the resort and would go again even if we were disappointed with the food. The sun and sand, excellent room and facility, reasonably friendly staff and all inclusive drinks overshadowed some of our other complaints.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First timer's great vacation at Gran Bahia       beautiful beach  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Time to the Dominican Republic We have just returned from a 4 day stay in Punta Cana. This was the first time my husband and I traveled to the Dominican Republic. We were there from April 28th - May 1st. We read a lot of the reviews on Bahia Principe before we left and kept a very open mind about the place. We have been to other places (Mexico, Jamaica, Grand Caymen) so we had an idea what is what like to travel to the Caribbean. Resort: Very clean and well maintained. We stayed in Villa 30 which was in the middle of the resort (half between the beach and the lobby). There were a lot of buses that would go by to take you to other main points in the resort, but my husband and I walked most of the time since it was only approx. a 10 minute walt from the lobby to the beach. Our maid was really good. We tipped her every night and in return received a very stocked mini bar and lots of clean towels. We did run into problems with someone (either the maid or maintenance) opening and closing our door many times when we were in the room, both during the day and in the early evening (and we did not have a do not disturb sign available. So I would suggest you lock the deadbolt since that seemed to stop that problem. We read alot of posts about bugs in the room... we did have a minor problem with spiders in our room (which actually JUMPED when you would try squashing them). So that was kinda crazy (just make sure to check your bed before you climb in because I found one there too). There were some mosquitoes there also, so bring some mosquito spray. We had some but ended up with ALOT of bites on our legs by the end of the trip.Restuarants: We took other peoples advice (from Trip Advisor) and decided to make our reservations the first day we arrived (around 6pm). We were only able to make reservations for 2 of the 3 nights since everything was booked. The main buffet is open every night and a reservation is not needed. We found that the food in the restaurants requiring reservations was ALOT better than the main buffet and the buffets by the beach. In the main buffet we ran into a lot of problems with people going in front of us when we were in line, which was frustrating. Shopping: There are gift shops by each of the lobbies that have a decent selection of souviners and then also a market (Pueblo Principe) that is like a market square. The shops are nice, just watch out for the venders in the middle of the square (in the kiosks), they are quite pushy and tend to be hard to get away from once they have you by their stand.Word of Advice: The Travel Agency we met up with when we arrived in Punta Cana told us that the tap water was NOT safe to drink at the resort but the ice and water in the restaurants and bars would have drinkable water and safe ice since they had purification systems intact. My husband and I made sure we had ice and water only from those places and used bottled water to brush our teeth and still got extremely sick. We have been home for 1 1/2 days and had to see our doctor who prescribed antibiotics to rid travelers disease. We also broke out in a rash on our arms which we have no idea how we got. So please be careful with the water and ice. Our doctor also asked us if we ate any of the fruit that was already cut (which we did) which may have gotten us sick! Again, we have traveled to other places in the Caribbean and know which percautions we need to take (and did that here!) so we thought we would be OK, but ran into these problems. Just wanted to give you all a heads up just in case!Just to recap, despite the sickness we ran into (which I can't really pinpoint on the resort, but just being part of visiting a foreign country) we would recommend the resort if you are looking for a laid-back relaxing vacation. The beaches are gorgeous and there were always open chairs. The weather was great (would rain for maybe a half and hour), and the food was pretty good. As long as you keep caution with the water issue you should have a great time!  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised! Stayed at the Bahia Principe from April 22- April 28. I have been to Punta Cana before, so I thought I knew what to expect. But I was pleasantly surprised how much nicer this hotel was than the other one I have previously stayed at. I'll now answer all the questions that I had before going to the resort:Weather- The weather was absolutely beautiful. Don't check the weather forecast beforehand because it will depress you- it says rain everyday. We had rain the first day for about 10 minutes, and then it was sunny and hot the rest of the time.Beach- The beach was great. White sand, blue water. Some seaweed in the water, so we didn't really swim in the ocean, but it was cooler on the beach, with a breeze. Also, you MUST get a hut. I love the sun, but by the third day, I was ready to sit under a hut. We woke up early one day to get one, but it's not necessary. We got a hut a little further down on the beach at about 10 am, so don't stress.Pool- The pool is delicious! It's huge and refreshing and the swim-up bar is great. I highly recommend a Dirty Monkey- a chocolate banana drink. There's also a place to lay down in the pool, so that you can stay wet (since it's so hot out!) Just make sure you wear lots of sunblock. One day I had on 45, went in the pool for about 15 minutes and still got burnt!Food- Let me preface this by saying that my boyfriend and I are very picky eaters. For those of you who are like us, beware! We lived on waffles and pasta the entire time. Although they try very hard, it's just not food like home. We went to the Garden Grill, Mikado, and the italian place. The Garden Grill had a real steak, the japanese was pretty good, and italian-ehh. The buffets had lots of food, but nothing that really interested us. The restaurants served much more food than I thought So yes, the food is served in abundance, with nice presentation, but we're from NY, so all we wanted was a good slice of pizza and a huge sandwich!Service- Just like the food, the service comes in abundance as well. There is at least a 3:1 ratio of workers to hotel guests. The workers genuinely want you to have a great vacation. The service is excellent and there is always someone to answer a question and help you with whatever you need. Tip- Learn some basic spanish- thank you, hello, goodbye, water, coffee, etc. They appreciate when you make an attempt to speak their language, and they also try to speak english as much as possible.Rooms- The rooms were OK. We were in a first floor suite in the middle of the resort. Each day our sheets and towels were changed. We left $3-$4 a day for the maid, and in turn she made some beautiful towel swans and left lots of pretty red flowers. I would recommend bringing your own pillow if possible. I did and boy was I happy about that. The three pillows in the room smelled like mildew and you couldn't even sit on the bed when the pillows were on it. The smell is still in my nose! The room is damp, so I'm guessing the pillows absorb that smell. I guess you could call for new pillows, but bring your own... just in case! Also, make sure you lock up everything. I brought a suitcase combination lock and locked money, jewelry, camera, etc. inside. The hotel would have charged us $22 US to use the safe in the room, so it's worth it to bring your own. Also, be careful about your prescription bottles. I left mine in the bathroom not thinking anything of it, and I had my allergy medicine taken. So, try to put anything important items in a locked place.Resort Misc.- The resort is beautiful. There are flowers everywhere, and so clean! It's a large resort- we got lost a few times. There are actually 2 or 3 lobbies and who knows how many dining rooms! We took the tram during the day- too hot to walk, but it was nice to walk at night. It's a long way between the beach and the lobby, so the tram is a plus. Not too many mosquitos. We brought lots of insect repellant, and only used it the first night. We did sleep with a towel under the door just in case, but it wasn't too bad. Also, bring any drugstore items and magazines with you- don't buy them there. They wanted $9 US for a 4 US magazine.So as you see, we had a great overall experience. If you're looking for a beautiful tropical place, with great service, this is for you. Just remember that you are in a different country and a 5 star resort is different from a 5 star US resort, but they try hard to make sure you have a wonderful time. Have fun!  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MellyO
<Content>It really is a big resort I am a little behind on my review this time around, but better late then never. We went to the Gran Bahia from April 9-23rd. We were there for our wedding with 24 other people attending. I will break down this hotel into a couple of sections to make it easier.Wedding: They did an absolutely fantastic job. It rained on our wedding day but they managed to get us to another location with no fuss, so the coordinator there deserves a round of applause as they did a great job. The whole wedding experience was 5 star.Food: The food in the speciality restaurants was excellent. The Japanese and the the French had to be my favorite. Amazing service and if you ask for extra lobster tails they will bring them to you. The buffet was good...but I saw a lot of the same food over and over again.Hotel Room: Our room was great, except considering we were honeymooning we had a terrible view. The rooms were always stocked with lots of drinks, but the maid stopped making designs with the towels after the 3rd day...so that was disappointing.The Pool: We stayed in the Premier section and we had our own pool, however every day was a battle to get a chair at the pool as people would drap their towels over the chairs to save them and not show up till hours later. They hotel says that this policy is prohibited, but it happens everywhere.The Beach: The beach is beautiful, but again if you want a seat you have to be up at the crack of dawn to get a cabana. The shipwreck out the in the front is an awesome site to see. The craft market is a 30min walk, so be prepared to hike it down the beach.The Entertainment: This definately gets a 1 star. It was terrible. The shows were terrible and the animation staff lacked getting involved with the people. It was really annoying to listening to the guys at the Premier pool sing celine dion everyday. I kept saying this wasn't Dominican Idol. So if you are looking to go to the club, also keep in mind that this doesn't open up till midnight.Excursions: We did the helicopter tour, and although it was really expensive, it was well worth the money. We saw some amazing things and the pictures were breath taking. We also did the Bavaro Splash tour. Although we were almost killed by a boat with two girls that didn't know how to drive, we tried to have a good time, however it was very poorly organized and don't get tricked into buying the DVD, it is terrible.Overall: I don't think that my husband and I will be back to the Gran Bahia as it is just to big for our liking and there are so many beautiful hotels out there to try, that we will give another hotel a shot. But the hotel is beautiful and well maintained. You can see your reflection on the floor in the lobby as it's cleaned everyday.But at the end of the day the wedding was beautiful and it was an amazing experience. Anyone looking to get married, I recommend a destination wedding 100 percent.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kimsbedell_NB
<Content>beautiful resort My husband and I, along with 4 other couples stayed at the Bahia Principe the last two weeks lof April. This was the first trip away for my husband and I and the four other couples were all seasoned travellers.After reading all of the reveiws I was a little nervous, however that was soon to be forgotten. The resort was fabulous, beautiful and clean. The beach was clean, there were staff there all the time cleaning up. We spent most of the time at the Club Golden Pool. The staff were amazing, we especially like Raul at the pool, Ramon at the restaurant by the Club Golden Pool and Luisa at the patio bar. The Dominican people are the nicest group of people we have ever met, friendly, always smiling and ready to please. I cannot believe the reviews that are written and people complain about the language barrier. Hello, not only do Canadians travel there, but people from all over the world, are the Dominican people expected to speak 30 languages? We had no difficulty communicating our needs and the Dominicans were as willing to learn our language as we were of theirs.My husband and I have already decided to come back with our four children. Can't wait!  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RBH--BAJAN-CANADIAN
<Content>CLEAN,CLEAN CLEAN My wife,our 20 month old and myself arrived in Punta Cana from Toronto on April 22/06. Here is a list of all that is good and all that is not so good about the Gran Bahia Principe. The GOOD: -the grounds were very clean and well maintained. You would never see a scrap on the ground or on the floor of the restaurants for long. The workers made sure the place was spotless.  -the staff were very polite and courteous to ourselves and especially our 20 month old. They treated here like their own! The were always smiling! -the food was very well prepared and presented. You always had something to eat. We arrived at the resort at 10:30pm and were able to get a cheeseburger and fries. After a long flight we were starved and glad they still were able to feed late arrival guests. -the rooms were also very clean. Our maid fulfilled our request for more towels beer and water without any problems. The daily towel sculpture was a pleasant discovery. The BAD: - the idea of having to HOLD your pool chair or beach chair is a very bad thing. If you don't get up early,head to the pool or beach,place your towel over your desired chair and then head for beakfast; you will definitly not get one when you return. It is a system that the resort has to stop. Somtimes you would be lying on the beach chairs and there would bed a couple reserved chairs next to you and the reservists would not show up to get them until 4 or 5 hours later! Those chairs could be used by other people! We did not know this on our first day. After breakfast we headed to the pool, there were no chairs at all. We ended up laying our towel on the concrete and sitting on them!  -the shower is another problem. They have a large plate of clear glass in place of the shower curtain. it looks nice except the water sprays all over the bathroom floor. If you do not position the shower head to air at the soap dish this will occur. The guests above up had the same problem for sure as it noticed drips coming from the ceiling on several occasions! The solution is to of installed a wider pane of glass to stop any water from escaping to the floor. Any extra towels were quicly used to soak up any stry water! - the door to the room should have a PEEP HOLE. It is a good idea to have for security reasons. - the restaurants in which you had to reserve should have kids meals also. The selection seems to only cater to adults. We had to cancel some recervations because our 20 month old could not eat any of the food. Thus our fav eating spot was the buffet adjacent to the front desk area. -the DJ's at the pools play the same CDs over ant over. Guest should remember to bring a good selection and let them play it! -having to reserve a restaurant; in person, the day of, is not a good idea. You should be able to call the particular restaurant leave your room number and then thats it! Just like we do in the real world! Here you have to sit down choose the resetaurnat and they print off a reserve paper for the specife time to go. The you cloose another on and the process is completed!.. By the end of the reserve session you have a bunch of reserve slips to hold on to!.. -the bar in the lobby should have a selction of snack dishes..like nuts or even nachos or wings!. They have all those lovely seats where people usually drink,smoke or play cards. You figure everyone gets hungry after drinnking that they could offer something. -the main buffet should have more THEMED nights. It seemed every night was MEXICO night. They maybe need to take a little food selctionfrom the RESERVED places and feature it in theirs to allow guests to get a little taste of what to expect. - they should have MATS with arrows on them facing one direction in the buffet. That way people would know where the line starts and ends. Alot of the time I noticed at breakfast at the egg preparing station, people would bud in line to tell the cook how to prpare their eggs. Not realizing that others were there before them.. I had to tell some people on several occaisions to wait as i was next! The bars should also have different type of beer!. The have different types of alcohol why not beer!?. Dominican beer is very bitter so I ended up drinking mixed drinks which in turn gave me heartburn! Well that is my reveiw. I can't think of anything else. Ihope it let you have a bit of info befor your head down to Punta Cana. I would defintly go again to thins hotel as it is a n above average all inclusive hotel. It just needs to fix up some things to make it an excellent all inclusive.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not for us! We stayed at this resort the week of April 17-24, for a total of 7 days. Please keep in mind that we went to this resort as a couple, to get away from the rat-race, relax, and enjoy our surroundings. We are not hard to please鈥?but we feel that the 5 star rating is a bit over-reaching. While we do not want to come across too negative, we do feel that potential guests need to know the facts before choosing this resort for vacation of relaxation and pampering. Positives: 鈥eautiful scenery (on the resort) as expected; Well maintained and clean surroundings鈥verall, service was adequate. For example, the room was beautifully decorated and well-kept鈥?housekeeping did a good job each day. She came by 2 times per day鈥nce to really clean-up and then again at night for towel delivery and 鈥済ood night鈥?chocolates.鈥ecause the resort is so large and spread-out, they do have trolleys for transportation. They run constantly and stop at strategic locations so that people can ride instead of 鈥渉iking鈥?the distance.鈥lenty of bars.Negatives:鈥ery large鈥?.very overwhelming. By the time you really know where you鈥檙e going and what is available to you as a guest, it is time to leave(we stayed 7 days).鈥OO Crowded鈥?.the 4 large pools were full every day, the beach was packed鈥nd I mean packed. If you like to get up at 5:30AM to wrap your towel around a chair (as most did) so you can have a place to sit for the day, this is the place for you. 鈥ost of the restaurants available required reservations, and guest of the Gran Bahia Principe are allowed 4 per week. Furthermore, it is recommended that you reserve early in your stay. Absolutely, do this!!!!! We arrived late afternoon and decided to wait until the next morning to go back and make our reservations through Guest Services. Keep in mind that this was within 24 hours of arriving. Even at that, we were not able to get in until 8:00-9:30PM on any given reservation, and had to wait until the day before we left to get the one restaurant that we really wanted. Then鈥?.was very disappointed with the food in all, as well as overall service. We found the best place to eat was one of the International Buffets鈥?best service and best food鈥?which required no reservation. Outside buffets were lacking.鈥f course you cannot drink the tap water, so you must rely on the bottled water delivered to your room daily. Not enough was given for two people鈥︹€ad to find the girl and ask for more, a lot! Also, things like enough towels, washcloths, coffee in room were not made available, without asking for them each day, even with a Great tip. No ice in machines, except for the first day there. If you are looking for a nice, relaxing vacation with great food and treatment this is not the place for you. However, if you enjoy crowds of people, want to drink a lot, and won't mind the sub-standard food and service......ENJOY!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First timer       aroebico!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cdcb
<Content>great This was our first trip out of north america and we had a great time! It was a beautiful resort. We were well taken care of. The beach was great. Food was ok, maid service great.You wont be disappointed if you book here. Book the gourmet as an ala carte you will love it.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply Paradise for a week!       breath taking!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Joeree
<Content>A Wonderful Week in A Beautiful Place Our group of 10 stayed at the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana from April 16-23. We have read almost every review before going and were extremely happy we picked this place. I can't add anymore to this review that hasn't been said about its beauty and overall accomodiations. I would like to address some of the reviews I have read in relation to being there. Many people have complained about the language barrier and I could not disagree with them more. We found no trouble talking to the people working there. We spoke and understood enough of their language and they did ours as well. Wether calling for service or questions or ordering a drink, we found no trouble. The other issue was the food. Yes, it is a resort, it is not a fine dining emporium. If you are looking for a Wolfgang Puck caliber...then go to his resturant. I sum this all up as....you are in their country, they are trying to accomodiate our tastes in cooking. Give them a break. This holds true to the language too. You are in their country, they are trying to accomodiate our language. Expecting them to speak our language is like them coming here and complaining that we dont speak their language. Think about it.We all had wonderful meals at the specialty resturants. It is a dining experience so dont expect to be out of there in an hour. We ate at the Jap., French, Mexican, and Steak house. All very very good. The buffets were different each evening. Breakfast and lunch seemed to be the same each day. Room Service was also available and very fast.The beach is absolutly to die for. White powdery sand and clear blue water. We stayed there everyday. The pools are massive and plenty to choose from. The water there was warm with a pool bar at each. No problem getting chairs if you were at either place by 8 in the morning.It isnt a bad walk from the lobby to the beach so don't let this stop you. There are plenty of trams running 24 hours a day. We stayed at the Golden Club buildings and is well worth the upgrade. The rooms are beautiful and the cleaning service is excellent. They cleaned the room during the day and then straightened up at night. Close to the beach and pools. While no place is perfect, we found this to be right up there with our other favorites. I would definetly go back and reccomend it to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>unique perspective from an experienced traveler I would recomend this place. Their is a beach bbq on Tuesday and Friday that was very good.For breakfast both sides of the Mexican restaurant is open. For lunch go to beach by the volleyball court.They do have tennis rackets to use. Their is free bike rentals by the tennis courts. We were told they have a kids disco night but never saw it . Entertainment was weak but see the Madona show at the beach pool at fri at 4. Teenagers main evening entertainment is riding the shuttle whitch run constantly.It is fairly windy so if you want to kayak do it when you have a chance. THE shopping area is fun in the evening and has a hamburger place that open from 10pm to 7am. Their is water polo at 3 at the beach pool. Getting chairs isn't as bad as some resorts. The rooms are huge with tile floors. Their is a shopping bazaar on the beach about 18 minutes away 50 shops. Bring extra suntan lotion. Their is some topless around.Brush up on your spanish.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation Ever!!!!! We just got back from 1 week at the Gran bahia Principe, and absolutely loved it! We stayed there from the 13-20th of April. We travelled with another family and booked through two different airlines from different cities, but everything worked out fine, aside from the fact that out villas weren't to close to eachother, but it wasn't a big deal. The bus ride to the Resort was a little scary, but fun. When we got the the resort they unloaded our bags and told us not to worry about them and that they would get them to our room when we needed them to get them there. Check-in went smooth although our rooms weren't ready yet, so we had a drink at the lobby bar and then went to the Buffet for lunch.FOOD- The food was excellent, we really liked the variety at the buffet. Plenty of different fruits. We really liked the passion friut, pineapple and the fried eggs were amazing you never got sick of it. There was just to much to choose from. We ate at 4 a la cartes Japonese(Really good, I liked how they cooked it right infront of you), Gourmet or french ( Everyone seemed to like that one), Italian(not the greatest service but it was very busy so it was understandable, The food was still good), and The Garden Grill Steakhouse( we asked that they cook our meat medium rare but it was blue rare and the portions were massive, it wasnt bad but difinalty not the best). Some of the translations in the menus were halarious especially the one under the wines at the Garden grill, and one of the desserts at the Gourmet.ENTERTAINMENT- We only went to the Entertainment one night the whole time we were there, it wasnt because it was bad, we just decieded to do other things. We travelled with 5 teenagers who all went off and did there own things at night. The 2 Girls went and rode around on the trams/trollies at night, walked around or went down to the beach, and The 3 boys would go to the lobby bars or walk around and sometimes go to the Disco. The Adults would go to the lobby for a drink and live music.ROOMS- The rooms were very clean and big. The maids kept everything very organised. Our maid would make our bed beautifully and even fold up our clothing if it was on the floor, or wash it in a pail of water and hang it to dry if it was dirty. We'd get flowers, new washcloths and towels daily and our fridge was always full. The Bathroom was big and had a really nice decor.BEACH AND POOLS- Our families were located in villas 29 and 15 located next to the swamp and one of the small pools. Many people complained about the swamp smelling but we had no problems with that whatsoever. The pools were very clean but you had to get to them early to get a chair. Since one of our families was staying Club Diamond we had complete acess to the Clubs pool which was nice and not quite as busy as the other two. The swim up bars were really nice and we had a great time with Raul Every day he was there. The Beach was Absolutely breathtakingly beautiful. It was fairly spread out so you didnt have to worry about chairs that much. Although if you want a spot under the shade you may want to get there early, around 6:30 am is when we'd get there. Be sure to leave one towel or perosnal item on every chair you want, otherwise your chair might get stolen!!! The Ocean was very warm and crystal clear, very little seaweed, mostly depended on what time you got there at. They would clean it up daily.STAFF- All of the Bahia Staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Our kids all speak french so if they couldn't understand what we were saying in English our kids would tell them in French and it would make much more sense to them. Most staff could understand you but there was the odd time they would get something wrong. All of the staff were talkative and would say Hola to you no matter what. Which we really liked!WEATHER- The weather was Awesome the whole time we were there, It rained for 10 minutes one day but other than that it was sunny with a few clouds and 30 degrees celcius or more. It ususally felt alot warmer than it actually was, due to the humidity. It was always a bit windy by the beach but not too bad.All in all It was an astonashing vacation and We were all sad to be leaving.We would return to this resort instantly.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ZeeViewTennis
<Content>I THOUGHT IT WAS GREAT!!! First let me say that Tripadvisor is my most favorite place on the web. I've learned so much about Punta Cana and their resorts from all these wonderful reviews. Thank you to all who take the time to write these reviews. For weeks before I left, I would check the reviews on the Bahia and I must say I agree with all of it, but I'm going to give you my impressions as well.We were at the resort from 4/7 to 4/13/06. I met one other couple from the USA. This place is full of Canadian and European travelers. I met people from Paris, Russia, Germany. Everyone I met and spoke with were very nice. There are resorts in Punta Cana who may have more American travelers. It may have something to do with which resort your Travel Agent suggests. I knew I wanted to stay at the Bahia because I saw it before it opened while staying at the Riu Palace 2 years ago. I walked over to it from the beach and saw how nice it was. There were a lot of young families here together with married couples, all age groups. This IS NOT a spring break type of place; I don't think they would put up with any nonsense like that. There is a quiet, laid- back type of elegence to this resort.Two words I would use: HUGH and IMMACULATE. FLIGHT: We left JFK Airport in NYC right on time. Plane was full; American Airlines terminal at JFK is a dump. CHECKIN and ROOMS: I booked 2 rooms 6 months ago, one for my husband and I and one for our 16 year old daughter so she could have her own space. I emailed the resort several weeks before we arrived and asked for adjoining rooms or rooms in the same building. Upon checkin, my husband was adament that we have adjoining rooms. The best they could do was VILLA 20, with rooms on the second floor, our room in one corner and her room in another corner, but not next to one another. . VILLA 20 is one of the villas right at the beach. The Las Olas snackbar was across from us. I told my husband to shut-up and that we would take those 2 rooms. We were brought to the rooms by the bellman on a little tram which took our luggage as well. The rooms were spacious and very clean. The bathrooms were a nice size, with a vanity that was big enough for 2 people to use at the same time, but with only one sink. The shower was very good, with lots of hot water, and there was a glass partition only half-way covering the shower, so you would get some water in and around the tub area. There is somewhat of a big step out of the tub, so you have to be careful getting out. The only drawback on the room was that there is not enough light at night. We were able to get New York City Channel 2 News which was just like being at home, and we were able to catch The Sopranos on HBO. LOBBY: There are 2 lobbies to this resort. It doesn't matter which one you go into, they booth look the same. You have the Punta Cana side and the Bovaro side. They both have their own buffet, Japanese and Gourment restaurants. The other ala-carte restaurants are scattared throughout the resort. What struck me the most about the lobby besides its beautiful shinny marble floors was the fact that they had a coffee bar set up during the day and you could go in and get a cup of coffee anytime which I thought was nice. They played easly listening music in the lobby and buffet areas during the day which lent itself into a very nice, relaxing atmosphere. They had lively live music in the lobby at night which we enjoyed before and after dinner. The lobby drinks were very good and the service was good as well. BUFFET AND RESTAURANTS: Let me point out that if you are in the villas near the beach and the beach pool, the Seafood and Mexican restaurants near there also serve breakfast and lunch. I would walk over to the Mexican restaurant most mornings which my travel mug and get a cup of coffee and walk around a little bit. The only thing they did not do for breakfast (I far as I could tell) was make the made-to-order omlettes. Other than that, it was really good. REMEMBER: Both lobbies have their own buffets. It doesn't matter which one you go to - they are both the same. LUNCH: Most days we were lazy and did not want to leave the beach area, so we woudl eat at Las Olas which is at the beach pool/beach area. Also at the beach pool/beach area is the snack bar Piscis which serves just about the same type of food as Las Olas. My husband hated the hamburgers and the hot dogs. He does not like any of the beef in the DR - I love the beef and the way it is seasoned. They had all the basics at these 2 places - salads, lots of vegtables, different paella-type dish every day, meats, fish. But, if there is ONE thing I would complain about, it is the fact that there was absolutely nothing sweet to eat but fruit. No ice cream to be found anywhere, and just one day they had cookies out at the Las Olas snack bar. People would be in Piscis snacking very late in the afternoon - I would go in and make myself an iced coffee and all I wanted was a little cookie or something along those lines and nothing - nothing but fresh fruit . Again, if you didn't want this type of food for lunch, you could go to the Seafood or Mexican restaurants or to the main buffet in the lobby where there were lots of different choices. There are 3 bars at the beach pool area and one bar on the beach. When you are at the beach pool or the beach, you are NEVER far from a bar. DINNER/DINNER RESERVATIONS: There is a Guest Services room in the lobby area and when you walk in, there are people at computers taking dinner reservations. I would suggest that after you get settled in the first night, you make your reservations the next day after breakfast. We ate at the Japanese (We loved It - some of the best fried rice I ever had); Gourmet (the service was wonderful and so was the food) Steak (it was OK; and Mexican (our least favorite). We tipped at all the restaurants.. how could you not? We tipped all over the place (I made sure I bought about 120.00 in singles with me) but my husband and I noticed that hardly anyone did tip - we felt it was the right thing to do. OVERALL FOOD: I had absolutely no problem with any of the food nor did my daughter. I do have to agree with other posts that some of the food was lukewarm at times and not particularly hot; it didn't bother me to the point that I would not eat that particular food. I loved the way they prepared their vegtables - always something different. IIt has to be really bad for me to complain. My husband, on the other hand, hated most of the food. He may do his own review. My husband wants to order his Beefeeter Martini before dinner and none of these places carries Beefeeter (although it was on the Lobby Bar Menu at the Bahia - they didn't have any) TRAM: The tram runs the length of the resort on the main little roadway. There are 2 rows of buildings (villas) on both sides of this main roadway . There are several little bus stops that the tram stops at. The 2 main stops are the lobby area and then all the way down to the little circle near the Mexican and Seafood Restaurant where you can get off to go to the beach/beach pool area. There is also another tram which picks ups near the Las Olas snack bar/beach area. POOLS: The beach pool is very busy and there were a lot of kids there when we were there. Try not to get a lounge chair near the area where they have the kiddle pool. The 2 pools in the middle of the resort I can't speak of - we never went to them.BUGS: I never saw any misquitos in or around the resort. Found one in my bathroom one day, thats it. SAVING HUTS IN THE AM: We were given clean beach towels every evening during turn down service, so when I woke up in the morning, it it was 6:45 a.m., 7:15 a.m. or 8 a.m., I would go down to the beach with my 3 towels and put them around 3 loungers under a hut. Several people did this as well. If you do go to the LEFT when you are at the beach, there are lots of huts . THis was fine with me since my villa was so close to the beach, but I don't know what people did who were in the middle of the resort.LOTS OF PEOPLE: I've been told this place has 1500 rooms; We never felt crowded at all, not one time, even at the buffets. SPA: My daughter and I walked over to the Spa one morning - place is beautiful and they were able to accomodate us right away. Theie changing /locker/shower room was just beautiful as were the treatment rooms. When you are done with your treatment, you sit in an outside courtyard near the treatment rooms and have something to drink. They gym is in the spa and it was busy. I had a very nice message and my daughter had an After-Sun treatment which she enjoyed as well. I am an avid tennis player but can't comment on the courts since I did not bring my racket to play. OTHER RESORTS IN THE AREA: The Riu hotel chain is to the right when you are at the beach. They are finishing up the Riu Place Punta Cana which will probably be the place to beat once it is open. All white building - looks that the Taj Mahal. It will take your breath away. They say is is opening in May - I don't see how - there still looks like there is a lot to do. I would love to stay there at some point in time. The rest of the Riu hotels looked run down next to the Bahia - we stayed at the Riu Palace 2 years ago, but the Bahia is soooo much nicer. The Majestic Colonial is the next resort when you go left at the beach. Its brand new, looks OK, but I like the Bahia better. A new Westin is opening at the end of the year (the Roco Ki) and that looks very interesting. IIf the price is right, I might want to check out the Westin as well. Would I go back to the Bahia - you bet. - The service was top notch, the Dominican people are so very nice, most of them spoke enogh english so they could understand you, and this place was spotless.Hope this helps - I love Punta Cana!!!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the best vactions ever!       The cigar shop loacted at Pueblo Principe.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great resort and beach, reasonably priced 5 star, avg food Spent the week of April 9th to April 16th at the Bahia Principe in Punta CanaThis place is a very large, grand, and beautiful resort with rich wood tones and lots of marble. Good value for money resort for a 4 陆 - 5 star resort. Food was not great but ok.FEW POINTERS to note before reading this review and others.- A five star in Dominican/Mexico is not 5 Star in Hawaii or New York or Bahamas (get it thru your head!!! Just remember how much you are paying!!!- You cannot compare cruise ship food to an all inclusive menu- Drinks will be made inconsistently anywhere even back home. Can you imagine making drinks for 7 hrs a day to hundreds of half drunken tourists? If you want more booze just ask!!- Everything will not be perfects. Relax, you鈥檙e on holidays. Maybe some cultures don鈥檛 use face clothes!! - If service is slow 鈥?chill out (there are thousands of guests!)- Just eat what you like at a buffet and not try everything all at once. It鈥檚 impossible for you to like everything. The food is catered to many cultures with varying tastes.- Remember the resort is catered to Europeans. Sorry all you Americans, you don鈥檛 rule the world here. So if you want to use the line 鈥渂ut I am an American Citizen鈥? it won鈥檛 work here. Just because North American cakes are sweet and the ones offered here are less sweet and more refined for Europeans tastes doesn鈥檛 mean it鈥檚 bad. If you want American food, stay home.- If you鈥檙e looking for a show go to Las Vegas. These shows are for fun and must be catered to different people in diff languages so will be simplistic. They are watchable after a few drinks. Remember, no one is forcing you to watch it.- Remember there is nothing to do outside the resort in Punta Cana, this is not the Mayan Riviera (if your going to complain don鈥檛 go 鈥?it鈥檚 a beach resort! With a gorgeous beach. No ruins and no nearby town).With all these in mind, please have an open mind when reading reviews.Here鈥檚 a quick BACKGROUND of the resorts I鈥檝e been to so you can judge where I鈥檓 coming from. Riu Tropical Bay, Negril, Jamaica (good food/best beach); Grand Playdium Kentanah, Mayan Riveria (posh place and good food and beach, deep pool); Iberostar Domincaus Hacienda , La Romana DR (posh place good food); Casa Del Mar, La Romana (bad food/service, good snorkeling/beach), Brias Guadalvauca, Holguin Cuba (awful food, good beach), Coral Hamaca, Boca Chica DR (avg food, nice shallow beach), Rancha Luna Ceinfuiegos Cuba (rather not talk about it).Top picks for service would be Iberostar  Playdium, best beach Riu Tropical Bay;Best food Playdium, Iberostar,  Riu; most posh resort Gran Bahia, Iberostar, Playdium. Resorts where I didn鈥檛 get sick Riu/Playdium/Iberostar/Brias The GOOD- Nice facilities/grounds/lobby/courtyard - tastefully decorated - Beautiful endless beach with turquoise water and fine beigey sand- Very nice  huge rooms with Jacuzzi- Premium liquor available on requests (they try to push local ones). They have Scotch (JB, Dewars), Martini, Italian sparkling wine, Russian Vodka, - No additional charge for a full lobster at Seafood/Mediterranean/French a la cartes (but not fresh (powdery) and overcooked)- Good pizza and roast chicken- Great Brazilian donuts and procuttio at breakfast buffet at seafood restaurant- Pretty good cakes/pastries (European like) but no chocolate desserts at all.- Gelato in buffet is amazing (coffee, lemon, raspberry)- Trams are convenient and frequent if you don鈥檛 feel like walking- Lots of shallow pools for kids and infantsThe BAD- Resort too crowded near main pools and main beach area (like spring break) with a stadium of lounge chairs. - Beach strip get pretty busy with so many resorts on the same strip. Like a Daytona beach (lacks the secluded, quiet, tropical feel). Constant helicopters flying overhead, paragliders, etc鈥? - A bit too many kids there 鈥?screaming and jumping in pools. Good for families or large groups but forget it if you want a romantic quiet getaway. Quieter in the other pools in the middle of the resort.- Inconsistent preparation food. Most meats/seafood overcooked or sometimes undercooked (whether at a la carte or buffet)- Quality of meats/seafood varies. Sometimes very tough beef sometimes tender (even if you order tenderloin), Seafood sometime not too fresh (eg fish/lobster)- Breads are like local type and usually dry (not like true baguettes at Iberostar)- Wine is undrinkable (red was sour tasting) and white was bad also. Hint drink sparkling white wine as it鈥檚 ok.- Slow service (or they would forget) at main/seafood buffet for drinks (coffee/milk etc) all week- Buffet area did smell a little like sewage esp on the left side of the PC side also same smell behind beach bar as other reviewers had mentioned- Lots of seaweeds on beach some days (depends if there were storms the night before)- Have to fight for chairs/huts on the beach and main pool.- Washroom floor gets soaked as shower glass too small to prevent seepage.- Inconsistent maid service. Some days they give you new towels at night and other nights no. Sometimes refill coffee/mini bar and sometimes not (no big deal)- Line up system at the Grill at main buffet was somewhat awkward/slow and longCheck InEverything given to us on the bus before arriving at resortRooms (9 out of 10)No complaints on the room. Emailed the resort a week in advance for a 2nd/3rd floor, king bed, ocean view and got everything I asked for. Villa 5201. Huge suites with Jacuzzi  marble washroom. A/C does turn into vent midway in the night then back on at about 5am. This may be a problem in the more humid months of the year. Bed did feel damp mid night. No major mosquito problem (but dry season in April)Safety box is extra charge. The price will vary according to how the staff feels. It鈥檚 better to pay in pesos. Ask how much in peso then you will find out that it will not equate to US $ equiv. I paid $25 US for the week. One minute later they charged another person $24 and others paid $30. If you pay pesos it鈥檚 prob $15!!!Service (7 out of 10)Hit or miss. Usually good. People not as automatically friendly as other resorts. No automatic 鈥淗ola鈥?sometimes as one may expect.Often forget orders for drinks when ordered at restaurants or bar At the front lobby, you can have the bell boy to arrange a private ride back to your room if it鈥檚 raining 鈥?bonus!!Grounds (9 out of 10)Resort is deep and narrow with a swamp/mangrove in the middle. Grounds and facilities very tastefully done.Beach  Pool (9 out of 10)Beach is great with endless soft sand, turquoise water, and gentle waves. Always a nice breezy wind. (Very few seashells if you鈥檙e beachcombing for them)No snorkeling off the beach. Reef is too far or you will get hit by a passing boatLots of pools. All are good size and lots of shallow spots for kids. Clean with a few tiles missing.Scuba was expensive - $60 per dive (no discount for 2 dives) No competition therefore expensiveBars (8 out of 10)Best bar was lobby bar. Drinks made well and actually from scratch. Others close a little too early (5 or 6pm)Food (Buffet) (7 out of 10)Food is probably one of my key criteria to giving a good thumbs up to a resort. Although it was not amazing food, it was ok and probably a bit better than avg for the DR or something you would expect from a 4 to 4 1/2 star resort. There鈥檚 always something you can find to eat. Of course it was not better than other chains such as Iberostar, Grand Playdium and RiuBreakfastWas pretty much standard everyday with sausage/eggs/bacon/omelets/croissants. Main buffet had a bit more choices but didn鈥檛 have a few of my favorites that was at the seafood breakfast buffet (proccuto (cured ham) and Brazilian donuts). Fruits always there with watermelon, honeydew, cantaloupe, mangos, pineapple, guava, and orange. Fruit smoothies were so so. Not as good as other resorts.Preferred the seafood restaurant as close to the Club rooms and had my 2 fav items.Lunch:Can trek all the way back to the main buffet or to the seafood restaurant but not worth it if you are on the beach/pool as you will have to change. Regular stuff but a little less than dinner.Pool restaurant was most popular and prob best for lunch as had good roast chicken and excellent pizza (thin crust). There are hamburgers and dogs on the BBQ also. Pasta and some meats are also avail.Beach snack restaurant had similar food (little less) but better view of the beach.Dinner:There is has a theme everyday. Mon 鈥?SpanishTues 鈥?ItalianWed 鈥?SeafoodThurs 鈥?MexicanFrid 鈥?Carribean/DominicanSat 鈥?GalaSun 鈥?BBQ (no bbq stuff in site)Hint: Choose your al la cartes based on the themes you want to miss. Prob the best was Carribean as there was smoke salmon and prawns Spanish had Paellas (but so did every day), steakSeafood 鈥?just had a giant red grouper (looked overcooked), lots of squid, some fishItalian had pork scaloppe, catelonni, eggplantGala 鈥?was nothing special 鈥?mixed grilled meats (lamb/steak)A la cartes Restaurants (8 out of 10)Had 4 a la cartes 鈥?French, Seafood, Japanese, and MediterraneanThe most enjoyable food was probably the Mediterranean probably because of what we ordered and the fact that it was more properly cooked or not overly salted. Best atmosphere was probably Japanese even though there was not much of a show.French:Poor service. For appetizer 鈥?good seafood soup, also lobster ravioli with sauce. Smoke salmon with avocado was very good. Surf  Turf was not too good. 陆 lobster (powdery 鈥?not fresh) and overcooked and steak over done. Salmon was ok but a little dry. Dessert was ok esp. coconut cake. Very fancy display. Peach snapps and flaming Zambucha came automatically after waiting forever for a Spanish coffee.Seafood:There was a buffet appetizer bar. Very good cold shrimp and very good seafood soup. Also have some fish/calamari etc鈥ere you get a full lobster as an entree. Again powdery and over cooked. Sea bass with basil was toooooo salty. Tenderloin was amazing here. Sooooo tender. Strange that best thing was the steak here. Dessert was fair (some Maria cake)Japanese:Assembly line. Even before sitting down the show had already started. Not much of a show. They guy didn鈥檛 even talk much. Very nicely decorated restaurant. Benihanna style but far from Benihanna quality. Sushi was ok and so was the tempura. Miso soup ok but strange with carrots in there. There was fried rice and of course the main plate which consisted of shrimp, diced up chicken, beef, fish. So so (little overcooked) but edible. The highlight of the evening was drinking SAKE. They tried to kick you out quickly and wanted you to get out of the grill area so they can get ready for the next group. You were moved to the other part of the restaurant for dessert.. Coffee jelly is better than the fried ice cream. I鈥檝e lived in Japan for 5 years but never heard of either dessert. But most Japanese restaurants in the Caribbean resorts have the same menu. Mediterranean:This restaurant is in the Premier section of the resort. Penne was good for appetizer as was the fettuccini. The procuitto saffron sushi was interesting and good. For entrees the cut up lobster tail was actually good. First time not powdery. The Red Snapper fillet was not bad too. The Pork souvalaki was pretty skimpy and undercooked. Dessert was a big disappointment. Cheese cake was awful, and the Greek cake taste like a muffin. Helpful Hints: 1. Don鈥檛 wait til the airport to buy souvenir. More expensive. Least expensive would be a supermarket next would be the village in the resort or flee mkt then most is the airport. (eg 1 lb. of coffee was $6 us at airport, $4.50 at resort, $2.40 at a supermarket)2. Book a la cartes right away (Steakhouse  Italian get filled up first as there is only one of them. There are 2 Japanese  2 French restaurants. (you can book for either the Bavaro or PC side)3. Tip please even if it鈥檚 $1. I rarely saw people tip waiter/bartenders. Don鈥檛 know if it鈥檚 a European thing 4. Walk along the beach an hour before sunset. Sun is not stifling hot and most people have gone in to their rooms to get ready for dinner. Good lighting for pictures too.Overall summary.Nice resort. Amazing beach  ocean Avg food (maybe better than avg for DR standards) but not as good as Iberostar/Riu/Playdium chains. Good value for money if you get a good deal. As the resort is still new you should be able to get good deals. But if it鈥檚 the same price as other 5 star chains, I would rather go to a Riu / Iberostar instead due to the food.If you have any questions, you can contact me at namabeer@hotmail.com  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic, Fantastic, Fantastic!       airport  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oren_Salzman
<Content>The best vacation we ever had I will keep it short because I really can鈥檛 describe how much great time we hadTwo thumbs up to the hotel, food, entertainment, cleanliness.We had great time!!!We will come back next year  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>miss_luxx
<Content>WOW is all I have to say....Bahia is what dreams are made of...Im still dreaming       sunrise over the pool  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big and Busy We went from April 9th to 16th, 2006 ('Religous Week' - Told by travel agent that NO water sports happened from 8th to 17th anywhere in DR. Once there, we were pleased to find everything (kayaking, snorkelling, catamarans, scuba diving, etc.) available (except on Easter Sunday). Went with Nolitours and had no issues. Everything was smooth from Punta Cana Airport (quaint, thatched roof) to the Hotel. The Bahia is slow/disorganized checking in and checking out ... bottle-neck issues with no guidance.We had a room near the main building, (farthest from the beach). Clean and spacious. Walk to the beach was a pleasant 10 or 15 minutes. We packed a bag and spent the day there, so room location wasn't an issue. You pass several restaurants, 3 pools, a marsh, etc on the walk, or you can take one of the constantly running shuttle buses to and from the beach. There are sand mite, flies, and mosquitoes. Had a centipede and a spider in the room (clean rooms, but but on the ground floor in the DR, things happen). Tried three restaurants besides the buffet:The Japanese- sit around stove as chef cooks, nice. Heavy on oil/salt (seems typical of DR cuisine). El Pescador - Smelly, greasy , buffet apps/salad. The Mediterranean - best of the 3.Buffets were okay. Typical. Busy. If you're eating lunch at the beach buffets, the employees eat there too, and there's definately no 'client first' attitude. I got EXTREMELY SICK one of the days from the buffet.Beach - sand was soft and cool, water blue and swimmable. The tide brings in some black seaweed to the shore, can easily swim over it and enjoy the gentle waves. 30 minute walk or so down the beach and you find a market for souvenirs. The area right in front of the resort is free from people trying to sell stuff. Used the 'ScubaCaribe' people on the beach to go scuba diving at the reef. Well organized, safe, and enjoyable. Rented all the gear and went for an hour dive for only $60 US. Roadways on both sides of the resort make for a decent, short, running route. The gym is nice(located inside the Spa, out front of the resort). Clean, but small and always busy. Plays the SLOWEST music...bring an MP3 player.Every resort has cheesy nightly entertainment, and the Bahia is no different. Their staff CAN dance, although their routines all look the same, just with different costumes. Pueblo Principe (the colourful little resort village in front of the resort) is cute. Mini-market located within where you can buy trinkets, sellers are as pushy as you'd expect them to be.Tried to enjoy tennis, but it rained for 2 days so we couldn't. When it dried up, the sign-up guy didn't have a pen/pencil, and wasn't inclined to get one either. Typcical Bahia customer service. Yay.Hotel had a few specials while we were there because they'd overbooked. (ie, THEY pay YOU $200 US to go on a tour of the surrounding area for two days...). If this interests you, get them to carve your name in gold in front of you to book, because we attempted to go, but - surprise, surprise - they overbooked that too. All in all, nice beach, decent hotel.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hthcorp
<Content>How could anyone complain...? Just got back from yet another trip to Bahia Principe, this time in Punta Cana. You always know what you're getting, regardless of the location. Attention to detail, above-average food (buffet or in specialty restaurants), diligent  hard-working friendly staff, clean rooms, beautiful beach...what more could you ask for? I am a very discerning traveller (especially when it comes to traveling with a family) who respects an excellent value. This hotel chain gives the best dollar-for-dollar value in the all-inclusive industry BAR NONE! I would be happy to share my thoughts with those interested in a superb vacation. Happy travels!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sizzlingsouth
<Content>Top Notch Service! Where to begin. Two couples travelled from Nova Scotia for the first time to Punta Cana. We had been to Puerto Plata 3 times previous and let me tell you, Punta Cana all the way. You cannot beat the white sand and no venders on the beach. It was awesome.We stayed at this hotel because my husband was looking for three things. 1) Good food with lots of variety 2)Stocked bar in room (beer, pop, water 3)Swim up pool bar. We received all of these and more. The food was out of this world. Bacon everyday for breakfast along with anything you could imagine. The mini bar was stocked with 3 beer ,2 each of pop (pepsi, 7-up, orange)and 2 litre bottles of water. My husband called and asked to have extra beer and they left an extra three in the room. What service. Anything you ask for, they are more than happy to assist you.Food: Awesome! I am fussy, but at this resort no matter where you chose to eat, you could get chicken (tasted just like swiss chalet), pork chops (smoked some days) or steak. Suppers were great. You were wined and dined. They served red and white wine with any meal even at the buffet. Whatever you want they will get for you. I felt like a queen there. Room: Our room was great. Jaccuzi was in the bathroom. My husband used it a lot. Hot water at all times. We stayed in building 21. We overlooked the ocean. Golden Club is the best way to go. You are treated like royalty. Building 20, 21,1,2 are the best buildings for a view. Everyone was trying to get into these buildings. I would highly recommend this resort.It is 2 yrs old and it shows. While we were there, one worker told us that there were 3700 people with about 1500 workers. We never saw the same people twice. It is large but in a good way. A tram runs wevery 5 mins to take you anywhere. We didn't have one line up the whole time we were there. If you are looklng for 5 star, it is here for sure. We will definately go back in a heartbeat. If someone complains about this place there is something wrong with them because this place was unbelievable. If you want 5 star, impeccable service, top notch food like home, and a great stretch of beach go to the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it so much, we went a second time! A year ago, my husband and two teenagers and myself went to the Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana. We all loved it sooooo much that my husband and I returned there this past March for a special vacation for just the two of us.Let me say, that the difference is wonderful. The plants and trees are so much more lush now that the gardens are filling out. The first time we were there, they had only been open for 7 months. This time, you definately felt like you were in the tropics. The resort was beautiful.The staff works very hard at their jobs to make sure this place lives up to it's reputation. Everything is so clean and well cared for. Granted there were a few tiles missing in the one pool, but I would assume they will drain it to fix them when no one is around. Which again I assume is hurricane season!!I noticed that a few people had complained about this, but honestly it didn't seem to bother any of the swimmers and when you think about it, when is a good time to drain a pool.Anyway, the rooms are well taken care of and the grounds are immaculate.The staff is very friendly and if you try to speak a little spanish, they really appreciate it. They really love the Canadians though. We were really welcome. Ramon and German(pronounced Herman) in the lobby bar (3pm-11pm shift) like to refer to themselves as Punta Canadians from Punta Canada. They both have a great time doing their jobs and love to get to know you.Once again we found the food terrific. If I had a complaint it would be that the portions were TOO BIG in the a la cartes!! Not really a complaint though, I just couldn't finish and even my husband had a tough time finishing each night. The choices are vast and they really put a lot of effort into pleasing you. Try the chef's special in the Italian restaurant. It is pasta with white truffel sauce and then they mix it into a parmessan wheel to blend in some fresh parmessan cheese. To die for!!There is always plenty of space on the beach, they really provide tons of chairs. You can be in the thick of things or move along the beach a little further and have plenty of privacy.We didn't spend much time at the pool this time but we did last time. I kind of think, we have a pool at home for the summer but we certainly don't have the ocean and isn't that why we go there?As usual the beach was extremely clean. Further down the beach there used to be a market but since the Majestic was built, they have moved. Unfortunately, the marketers left a mess but it is only in the one spot. There is still a market if you turn right when you leave the resort and follow the beach. We don't really bother with them too much as we only buy a couple of trinkets each time and the Principe Town at the resort provides a lot of shopping. Some of the stores are expensive but there are a couple that you can get stuff almost as cheap as the market and none of the hassle. Some of the jewelry is even cheaper in the stores to the right. I don't really go there to buy stuff, I go for the atmosphere and the chance to relax. I can shop at home any time.We travelled Club Golden this time. What a treat. Our check in was hassle free, and quick. Our beach towels were in our room when we got there and replaced every day. That was nice not having to make sure we had the cards and have to go to the towel exchange all the time.Some of the other extras were the 4 a la carte dinners instead of 3 with some of the other tours and the two maids in the room each day certainly was great with the fresh towels.We were also able to keep in touch with our children on the computers in the Club Golden room. That was nice!!What can I say, the trip was wonderful, the people were very friendly and the food was great. The booze flows all the time and don't worry about water. Clean drinking water is brought to your room every day and it is also available at the bars as well. Even the beach bars had water and soda water which was a nice change. The Bahia Principe definately tries to help you have a great vacation. They can't guarantee the weather though so don't take it out on the staff if you get some rain. A few people were getting kind of grumpy with some of the staff when we were there because of rain. Get over yourselves, you are getting wet in the ocean anyway.As far as any complaints that you may read about the food, yes, you are in the Dominican. Some of the food tastes different but they are just getting used to the way we like things. They don't use as many spices as some of us but they don't in England either.Try something new, that's why you go there.This is definately a family favorite. We are planning a trip back with our kids again after Christmas this year, and maybe try out the new Bahia in Jamaica too. This is definately a beautiful spot. Give it a try, we're glad we did.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice for Families We went in early Jan. and am just getting to the review. I'll gear this for families because we went with our one and four year olds and were nervous about our first big trip with them.Resort is very safe and very family friendly. The kids club is kind of lame in my opinion (just a building with a few things) but the kids did seem to like it -- beware though, they do not operate on time like we do. A few times we had to go looking for our child. One time - she didn't bring the child to the pool and we had to involve security to find her. Turns out the club lady was watching a wedding and decided since my daughter was the only one left, she wouldn't bring her down to the pool. We didn't go to the kids club after that. But they do run a kids disco every night that is a lot of fun -- only prob. is it starts at 8 so have to let the kids stay up.We had a king size bed. They gave us a brand new, nice pack'n'play for the baby (who wouldn't sleep in it and slept in our bed so I'm glad we went with the king). There is a little daybed that's perfect for kids (and I put the back cushions on the floor in case she rolls off). It is all in the same room -- not a suite as we consider one in America. We did move a glass top table to the balcony b/c unsafe for the kids.The resort is big in that there is a trolley that takes you between places. Often, my daughter and I would ride and my husband would walk with the stroller and baby. I saw lots of strollers and wheelchairs - no problems maneuvering. We would fold up the stroller at times and take it on the trolley. Kids loved riding the trolley (of course, no car seats or seat belts - but safe).The beach was very nice and pools were too. We stayed in a building nearer to the beach than the lobby which I recommend for kids. Our $20 tip to the hotel clerk did NOT buy us a better room or treatment. He put us on the 3rd floor walk up with strollers and kids -- this annoyed me GREATLY but I was too tired to repack and move. ASK TO BE PUT ON 2nd FLOOR - I've heard to avoid the bottom b/c of bugs but saw no bugs in our room.One weird thing - lights in the room are soooo dark. Wish I had actually brough a 100w lightbulb.The place is positively spotless - they, kid you not, prune every dead leaf from every plant every day.The food is appallingly bad. This was a common complaint. We are vegetarians and my husband started eating meat for the first time in 10 years because he couldn't stand it. He decided the meat was worse. Even the restaurants are awful. But we've heard this about almost all the inclusive resorts here. This became a big problem for me. Best bet -- fresh pasta bar. Pizza is also OK - and you have to wait for it b/c everyone rushes to get it since it's one of the few decent things.There is purified water everywhere and the ice is purified too. There are juices everywhere - be careful, many parents complained kids got sick from too much juice. The milk is pasteurized. However -- it is the kind that sits on a shelf. We were very careful but everybody got some mild diarrhea -- not enough to ruin anybody's time or require constant rushing to the bathroom. My baby had it for at least 2-3 weeks on returning - which dr. assured was OK (not to be gross - was more like loose movements than the runs). I was very worried about what they would eat but it was OK - they had yogurt, fruit (only ate ones that had been peeled), cooked vegetables etc. I brought our own snack bags - which were handy for the beach.Wait staff could be a little hard to communicate with but were very nice. When we were at a restaurant and it rained, they called a trolley for us. We did leave our sippy cup and they told us one of the women in the restaurant would have absolutely taken it -- this annoyed me as I was then short on sippy cups and would have gladly given it when we left so take lots of those disposable ones.Had no problems others reported with tipping (except absolutely wasted my $20 on the clerk). I never saw anyone tipping at bars, etc. I left the maid $2/day.We met lots of nice Canadians and Russians - hardly any Americans (who still think DR is too poor to visit). We stayed at the back pool so we could alternate between beach and pool - also had a nice kids pool. YES - you do have to send someone (i.e., your husband) to go down in the morning and reserve your chairs. Just do it and it's not a problem. The pool is more shallow than deep. They clean the seaweed from the beach every day -- we learned too late that if the area you are in has seaweed in the water, just move down or up a bit.Only problem I had was you were very isolated at the resort. My husband and I like to explore but didn't think it'd be safe with the kids. There are no real good excursions with kids that small (closest one is 90 mins. away to a replica town and you go on a boat). My husband went out looking for a decent casino and said the roads were horrible and the best casino was not good at all. Overall - felt very safe with the kids, it was very clean, pool and beach were beautiful. Would have to consider not going again because the food was so bad but I'll probably forget about that part in the long run.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Tchersw
<Content>Fabulous!!! My husband and I just returned from our first trip, April 1-8, to the Caribbean. Thank you to all those who have written reviews before us. We've read them all and you helped us to make an excellent choice. We were looking for a week of rest and relaxation in a beautiful setting and that's just what we got! The resort is lovely, with polished marble floors and immaculately manicured grounds. It is large-1500 rooms, but we never felt crowded. I'm still not sure how that is possible. We were in villa 16, which was not part of any upgrade, and we were right next the middle pool and close to the main buffet. You do not need to upgrade to enjoy this property. We found the Dominicans to be quite friendly. Some do not speak much English (I didn't expect them to), but they will try to understand you or get someone who can. Sometimes they will not say hola unless you do. If you initiate any conversation you will enjoy the exchange. Our maid, Marlin, kept our room spotless. We left her a tip every day along with notes for things we wanted. Once I asked for 4 towels daily and I never had to ask again. Initally there were no wash cloths, but once she saw that we had brought our own, she started leaving them. The buffet was fine. Of course the food is a little different, but there was variety and we could always find something to eat. The service was amazing! The restaurants were good and a welcome change to the buffet. Book these as soon as possible! We enjoyed a massage at the spa. It may not have been the best, but I really find it hard to complain about anything at this resort. We were always too tired to watch the entertainment, but did enjoy the music in the lobby. Most of our days were spent under a palapa on the beach...and what a beach it is! I think I'm done with Hawaii! Hello to our new Canadian friends, Belinda and Stephen. We so enjoyed our dinners with you. We hope to hear from you soon! You will not regret staying at the Bahia Principe. We're already scheming to return.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>moontan101
<Content>Best resort in Punta Cana - we had a awesome time!!       Ocean and Beach  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfect Vacation! My husband and I along with two others just returned today from Bahi Principe and we wished we would have stayed two weeks. The grounds are absolutely beautiful and the rooms were very comfortable and clean. We were in villa 29 (second floor) which was nicely in the middle - 5 minutes to the beach and 5 minutes to the main lobby. We were club diamond so there was a pool for the club diamond members which was just a couple of minutes from our villa. There was a swim up bar at this pool. We didn't use the main pool by the beach at all - it always seemed very crowded. We spent most of our time at the beach but the pool was nice for a change.Be prepared with treats and one and five dollar bills for the staff. We gave them to all types of staff, including the grounds keepers, the staff picking up garbage around the beach, servers, maid, cooks, etc. I had also brought some jewellery that I never used and gave it to the cook at the club diamond(Italian) breakfast buffet - she was very grateful. We found the service at the main buffet to be wonderful. If you ask for Rubert and Wilkins they will take excellent care of you. There is also Josephine at the lobby bar - she is so sweet and efficient. We found the majority of the staff to be helpful and friendly - of course there will always be a few that are not but that didn't bother us. Who knows what some of these people have to deal with. I must say though that the front desk staff were just okay- not overly friendly. We did find Kelly from Sunquest to be helpful but we didn't really have any major requests or complaints.  The lobby was the best for drinks. We liked to go there in the evenings. We went to the disco a couple of nights and took in some of the entertainment. It was all fine - as another poster said, if you are looking for top notch entertainment go to Las Vegas.The shops are quite nice - all one needs really. We didn't feel a need to go off the resort on a shopping trip.We were quite happy with the food. We went to Japanese, Garden Grill, BBQ night on beach, and Seafood. They were all good, I was the only one that just got a fair steak at the Garden Grill but everything else was good. We did feel a little rushed at the Japanese and Garden Grill but I guess they are trying to accommodate as many as possible. The BBQ night was fun and very good. Be sure to go the main buffet on evaluation night which was wednesday but I'm not sure if that changes. The staff are tripping over you and the food extra good.The best meals and most fun we had for dinners were at the main buffet. We enjoyed the staff so much - they made if fun for us. Yes, it is true to sit to the right as there seems to be a slight odor on the left. Our only complaint was the wine but I did hear others saying they liked it so I guess it is a personal preference. We just ordered wine off the wine list for our dinners - $20 a bottle, not a big deal.If you walk along the beach and go into other resorts like we did you will soon appreciate what the Bahi has to offer.Yes, the resort is big but seems to get smaller as the week goes on. We always walked, only took the trolly maybe once so the good news is that after all the eating and drinking I don't think we gained a pound!Have fun, you won't be disappointed. We will definitely go back.Traveller from Prince Edward Island  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Powlz
<Content>Great Resort My husband and I stayed here from March 26 - April 1, 2006. We had a great time. When we arrived at the hotel, we were surprised to find a bottle of rum and three t-shirts in our room. Not sure if this was standard or if was because our flight was delayed by 3.5 hours. The staff at the check in were very friendly and helpful. Also the 'bell' staff were very courteous. We rented a safe upon check in - $28 US for the week.Our first impression of the resort was that it was huge, but by the thrid day you really get to know your way around. We stayed in the middle of the resort (villa #32) and found the location suitable. Very private area, close enough to the main lobby and close enough to walk to the beach. The tram was always available, about every 3 minutes one would come along to pick you up.Our maid was excellent, our room was always clean and the fridge well stocked. I would leave her little presents each day. We hadn't gotten any Diet Pepsi in our fridge so I left her a note in Spanish and returned to find 4 bottles of Diet Pepsi in our fridge.The staff at the restuarants were always friendly. Always there to fill up your wine or water glass. They would also help you with your Spanish. We tried the Italian, Mexician, Japenese and Garden Grill resturant. The Japenese restaurant was the best experience. Not something I would usually do at home and glad I gave it a shot.We are late risers and we never had a problem finding seating at the beach.We booked the Monster Truck Safari through our Sunwing rep ($90US) and it was well worth it. We went on a military truck. We travelled through territory that no car would get you to. It truly was an amazing experience. A little sad to see some the of proverty striken families and it really makes you appreciate what you have. We took some pencils and stuff for the school that we visited. Along the way our tour guide would hand out other items that people had brought on the trip (ie. stickers, toothpaste, soap, shampp etc.) There were many opporunities to hand out items, but remember only the tour guide can give them out as there are safety issues with the children coming too close to the vehicle. The lunch that they provided was excellent and the bartender always ensured our thirst was quenched along the way. :) It did rain at the end of the day, but no problem, they just put the canopy up to keep us dry.One day we walked up the right side of the beach to the market. It was neat to see the different items. But I really didn't like the bartering. Everyone claimed they had the best prices. I checked the prices at the gift shop before going. I did get some deals on t-shirts and a few small items. It took about 40 minutes to walk there so bring along some water.We went horseback riding ($45US). We picked the sunset ride which left the resort at 4:15pm. We got to the ranch around 5PM. There were about 20 of us on the trail. It seemed a little disorganized as they didn't have enough horses ready based on the amount of riders. Anyway, the wait was worth it. We were on our horses for about 1.5 hours. We went on the beach and through these trails that let us through a small town. In fact a few of the riders bought beer from a local pup.Some tips:- take wash cloths as it was hit and miss- take plenty of sunscreen- if you are taking American money, it helps to take small bills along for tips - the hotel will change it for you, but I think they charge 4% for the tranaction, also remember that you will get pesos back as change in the gift shop so the closest you are to the $, the betterFeel free to email me with any questionspowlz_canada@yahoo.ca  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An idyllic escape Tha facility is big and beautiful. With the difficulty of going out of the resort area to find restaurants and other entertainment I think that going to a large resort with a range of facilities makes sense. In this case it worked beautifully. The grounds are large and provide everything my family wanted. There is a decent variety of restaurants and the nightlife is adequate. Our check-in was easy, and I would recommend getting as close to the beach as possible. We got a GOld Club upgrade and it was worth it. We rolled out of bed in the morning and were at the beach/pool. We never found any of the problems that I read about like ants or bad odors. In fact there was aa remarkable lack of insects for the tropics. Even the mosquitoes were away on holiday. The staff were very attentive and we only tipped if we felt the service was worthwhile. In most cases it was. The was a general sense of friendliness and even though my Spanish is not great the people made sure that they understood or called one of their associates over who did.The food is not superb, but it is definitely acceptable. There was always something to choose from and boredom never set in. Of the restaurants, the best we ate at was Le Gourmet. The service is attentive but amateurish, but the food was very good and well presented. I am still amazed at the people who really get dressed up to go to dinner in the Carribean. The steakhouse was also very good, but the steaks were the same as one could get at any of the restaurants or the buffets. The seafood restaurant, El Pescador, was just okay. I think they have a tendency to really make sure those fish are cooked all the way through. The end up a little dry and the shrimp and langoustine are rubbery. In fact my carniverous son who eats no fish claimed at the end of our stay that the best steak he had was at dinner in the seafood restaurant. The other Mediterranian restaurant on the grounds is on the Bavaro side and probably not worth the hike. The food was unimpressive and we would have done just as well at the buffets. The final piece of importance is the alcohol. While it was certainly plentiful, I found that the cocktails were not exotic, and quite boring. The beer is good and the wine was fine. Don't forget to try what my daughter called marijuana in a bottle, the mamajuana. It is a tasty drink and they serve it from a huge bottle on a cart that is wheeled around poolside.The entertainment at night was quirky and weak. The stage shows were like summer camp. The town square is fun and has a casino, pool tables that slope like the Andes, and a host of touristy stalls and shops to visit. Internet access is available but not in your room and not on your computer. TV is in multiple languages and there was enough to realize what a waste of time it is. The gym is small and a long way from the rooms. It has very little workout equipment or weights, but does have some cardio machines. The only negative to this resort ( and I have found the same thing elsewhere) is that there is no meeting facility for teenagers.Generally it was a little bit of paradise. The weather and resort and people were all set up to let you relax and cut yourself off from the outside world. It worked. We would definitely go back and recommend it without reservation.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A true 5 Star! My husband and I just spent the most wonderful week at the Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana. We have been married for 12 years and this was our first holiday ALONE - no kids. We booked the Gold Club and it was worth it!!! This resort was clean and well-managed. The grounds are impeccable. The food was amazing. I have a very sensitive stomach (IBS) and suffer 3-4 times per week at home with tummy problems. While in Punta Cana, I did not experience one issue with any of the food or drinks. My husband was shocked. The food at the main buffet is incredible! Guess the lack of stress may have played a factor as well. The a la carte restaurants were excellent - we booked the Gourmet, Japanese, Italian and Seafood. We did not attend the Italian because our reservation was booked too late for me to eat. The others were amazing. Our room was clean, large and gorgeous. The marble bathroom with jacuzzi was more than expected. The double closets were also a nice surprise. Plenty of room for all our clothes. We lucked out by getting Villa 01, the closest unit to the pool and the beach. Wish we had the second floor though, we would have been able to see the ocean. We only had one issue upon arrival in that our room did not have our bathrobes. We just called down to the front desk and they brought them to us within 10 minutes! The staff was very helpful and acommodating. We asked for an iron one night and again it was there within 10 minutes! The bartenders are a fun bunch and do not measure the alcohol - they just keep pouring. They sometimes need to be told un petito ron (little bit of rum). We took a snorkelling trip to the coral reef and the captain took us on a special excursion to swim with the sharks and sting rays (fenced in). So beautiful. The weather held for the entire week, except the last day - it rained. Poolside Bingo was fun - won a bottle of rum for my husband. Beach aroebics was entertaining - Instructor always tried to make it fun. The trams run so often, that wait times are very limited (3 minutes at most). Nightly entertainment was not as good as the rest, but 3 nights were excellent! Absolutely wonderful!!!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best of the Six We've Stayed At. My wife and I stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe Resort in Punta Cana from March 20th - March 27th, 2006. We had previously stayed for a week at Barcello Bavaro Beach, Iberostar - Puerto Plata, Iberostar Dominicana, Palladium and Sunscape - The Beach. This was easily the best of the lot. The Beach - It was magnificant. They had lots of palapa huts and lots of chairs. It was easy to find huts or chairs at any time of day, and the resort was full: it was spring vacation for Canadians. I went out each day at 7:30 AM and reserved a front row hut with towels.The Food - Tres Magnificant!!. This was easily the best food we had ever had in the Dominican Republic. The buffet was terrific. Lots of choices. The three specialty restaurants we ate at all had Caribbean lobster but each one prepared it differently. In order of our choice: La Pescador (seafood), Mediterrean, and the French restaurant (Le Gourmet). All were very, very good. The service was excellent, timely and no problem. In the buffets our wine glasses could never get empty: as soon as we took a drink of wine or water along came a waiter to fill the glass up. Unbelievable. Excellent service and excellent food.Our Room - Lucky us. We went with Apple Vacations and apparently they have villas reserved. We were on the third floor to escape the bugs but we never saw a bug no matter where we were in the resort. Whoops. My wife saw a fly in the buffet restaurant. (No odor, however, there.) Nothing else. Our room overlooked a view of the ocean from the balcony. We were the second villa in from the ocean and the large oceanfront pool.The Pools - We are beach people but the pools (five of them?) always had chairs available and looked really inviting. The Tram - This is a huge resort. There are a large number of trams that go up and down the main drag (it's a long and narrow resort) from the ocean to the lobby so it's easy to get around.The Shops and the Vendors - Fairly priced merchandise for a change. Lots of shops and different ones on each side of this two-sided resort. Lots of vendors in the Caribbean marketplace, too. They were friendly but not pushy. Fun to shop in this resort.The Maid Service - Our maid was new the week before we got there. She spoke virtually no English to go with our virtually no Spanish. No problem, however. She was so excited when she got her first paycheck the week we were there. She sang while she worked. Was she fun. Apple Vacations - No better tour compay. They gave us two Bahia Principe logo t-shirts the first day we were there, a bottle of rum and a fruit tray. Nothing said they were from Apple and our maid wasn't able to explain why we got them. At the end of the week we finally asked the Apple representative and she said they were from Apple. Standard fare, I guess. Also, our flights left early and arrived early both ways. Wow!!The Week in General - No problems. This is a super resort and well worth the money. Easily the best of the six we have stayed at here and better than all except maybe one that we have been at in Riveria maya and Cancun. We had three problems while there. One was the a/c went down. We called and ten minutes later a man came to fix it. Another was our TV remote's batteries died. Again, within ten minutes. Honest. The third was along about Wednesday the maid left a card in the bathroom that said we were to leave the pool towels and the two bathrobes in the room when we left or we would be charged. minutes. I called and said we had no bathrobes and the front desk offered to deliver two of them: no questions asked. I said not necessary, but don't charge us. Ten minutes later (honest) we got delivered to our room and fruit tray with a note in Spanish expressing their regret that we were inconvenienced. Unheard of in the Caribbean resorts we have been at. Also, on the day we left we called and two men came within five minutes and carried our luggage from the third floor to a little golf cart and gave us a ride to the lobby. Go to this resort. You will not be sorry.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MiloCanada
<Content>Absolutely perfect! This is the first time I've felt compelled to write a review. How anyone could write a negative review about this resort is beyond me.We are a family of 6 and we stayed at the Bahia Principe during March Break. This is our sixth consecutive year at an all-inclusive (Mayan Riviera, Cozumel and Punta Cana). We travelled with Air Canada Vacations, great flight, received wristbands on the bus - very convenient. The hotel was very impressive, sparkling clean. We stayed in building 15 - perfect location right next to the quieter pool in the middle of the resort. I had e-mailed the hotel two weeks before our arrival, and we got exactly what we asked for. We did have to reserve our loungers by 7:00 a.m. to ensure we got 6 spots under the shade - no problem. What really impressed us was the service around the pool - they came around several times a day to take drink orders, and came around with a cart offering mimosas, fresh fruit, etc. The buffets were great. We went to 4 a la cartes - Japanese, Garden Grill, Gourmet and the beach BBQ (Las Olas, I think). The only disappointment was Las Olas - our reservation was for 8:00 pm, but by then they were winding down - only horrible, fatty meat left and no good desserts, so book earlier slots.The service, we thought, was exceptional. All the waiting and bar staff were very attentive - we never had empty glasses! A word of advice, we splashed out on bottles of wine a few times, but it really wasn't worth it as it wasn't much better than the house wine!We hadn't upgraded to the gold club, or whatever it's called. I actually preferred the location of our room as it was a nice short walk to the restaurants for breakfast and dinner (the Garden Grill was about 20 feet away from our room).We will return.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>March 25 - April 1st 2006 HOTEL  SUNQUEST REP First of all this resort is one of the nicest resorts I have ever been to. The Gran Bahian principe in punta Cana is HUGE. We flew with Canjet and our flight was pretty good our landing was a little rough but i believe that was from the trade winds. We travelled with Sunquest they are very well organized and we had no problems. On the other hand our Rep was Kelly and I absolutely would NOT recommend her she is very snotty and doesn't seem to want to be helpful when in need. My mother and I went to her separate times with questions and she told us both Don't you rememeber I said that in the orientation?. I or my mother were not happy with that kind of response. We had heard so many good things about Miguel another Rep from sunquest and we were disappointed when we arrived and got Kelly. I have also read bad reviews about Kelly from other people on other review websites. NIGHTLY ENTERTAINMENTThe nightly entertainment was horrible. It was basically a bunch of the dominican dancers going back and forth between different costumes with very similar dances. I was bored after 3 minutes. This took place as soon as u walk out of the main lobby to the right by the Cafe de paris. However the Discotech which is held in Pueblo Principe square was much better. Although it doesn't open until 12:00a.m. and it closes at 2:00 a.m you can have drinks in the main lobby until 11:00 because that is when the main lobby quits serving drinks. I found that most people were energetic when the english music was playing. As soon as they started playing the spanish music the discotech emptied out very quickly.WEATHEROur weather was abosultely horrible. Out of the 7 days we had 6 days of rain. Which left us kind of bored. They told us that they never get rain. But yet they supplied the rooms with Umbrellas?..hmm..Overall this resort was great. I wouldn't go specifically to this resort again because it was based for older people more than younger.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PCLOVERToronto(ont)
<Content>Dominican Republic was amazing.. Bahia Principe was incredibile. you will love i Me and my wife ,both of us are in our late 20s,Stayed at the Bahia Principe from march 25 to april 1st.From top to bottom everything was amazing. We left Toronto for Punta Cana with skyservice.No problems everything went smooth.We arived in Punta Cana,We were greeted hawaian style,We ziped through the airport no problem ,where shown our tour bus and before we new it we were at the bahia principe.It was about 30 minutes from the air port. Once you enter the Bahia Principe you will feal like you are in a dream ,the staff are amazingly freindly and will help you in any ways possibile.Check in was a breaze,And there will be some body there to take your bags for you to your room.The rooms are huge, clean,perfect. The resort it self is huge.But dont worry, there are tram buses that come and pick people up every 3 minutes they are always running, so you will never miss one,The resort is big but not as big as other lazy people have complained about. The beach is breath taking, words cannot descibe how beautifull this beach really is. A word of warnning ,there are plenty, and I mean plenty of Topless women .You can walk for miles and miles on the beach it is a place of sure relaxation.the pools are beautifull,clean,big, perfect.there are plenty of chairs for every one. The food is good .There are many options for breakfast ,lunch and diner.try the Medeteranian,Excellent.The japanease,excellent,The garden grill Excellent. I can go on for ever about this place but one thing that I will say is dont beleave all those other reviews. This place is beautifull ,clean and I mean clean.everything about this place is good .I fell in love with this place and you will to. I have been to other 5 star resorts and this place was my favourite, I would definitly recomend this resort and the Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NBPartygirls222
<Content>Paradise Date: March 23-30 2006I just returned from my 7 day vacation at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana. It was paradise! I can't wait to go back again! The rooms were very spacious  clean. The bathroom spacious  beautiful as well. Try  keep away from the bottom floor as they can tend to smell very musty. We had to move rooms as the smell bothered me very much. There were mosquitoes, never got bitten, and we put a towel down by the door at night to help keep them out. We have more mosquitoes here in NB and didn't bother us at all.I'm a very picky eater  I didn't have any problems with the food at all. I thought the buffets had lots of variety  I always found something I liked. The breakfast was the worst meal of the day, but no real complaints. We only did one A La Carte- The Grill Restaurant, excellent food! We a steak and it was too die for!I was amazed at how beautiful  clean the grounds were kept. The gardners worked very hard  did an amazing job!The beach was wonderful! Water was warm, very clean beach. We didn't have any problems getting chairs, but if you want shade you need to put towels down to reserve them early. I enjoyed the Animation team and the interaction they had with the guests. The games were fun on the beach as well!The 3 pools were very clean and incredibly huge. The busiest pool was by the beach, and the other 2 were much quieter. Pool bars were great as well!Staff was very friendly  always happy  smiling. I can't speak a word of Spanish but got along fine.Went to the Disco a few different nights  had a great time. It did open late but still had fun. Took in a bunch of the shows...they were entertaining but a little cheesy at times. I still enjoyed them though. I could watch them dance all night. They sure can dance!!As far as excursions go, we did 2 of them. I highly recommend the Saona Island excursion. Absolutley wonderful!! It was about a 2 hr bus ride, then we took a speed boat out, did some snorkeling, stopped at a natural pool in the middle of the Carribean Sea, got to Saona Island, had a BBQ, drinks  relaxed on the beach for a couple of hours. We went back on a Catamarran boat  did some dancing, more drinking  lots of fun!! The trip was a full day.We also did the Carribean Festival excursion. I also highly recommend this! Great fun!! We went snorkeling, then swam with the sharks  mantarays! What a rush! This was a half day trip!I would highly recommend this resort to anyone who is looking for rest  relaxation. There were lots of children at the resort as well, but it wasn't annoying to anyone that left their children at home.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a very long 2 weeks We went the last 2 weeks of March. This was our first time in the Dominican, and our first all inclusive resort. We have been on cruises, and many other southern vacations. This resort was beautiful, the grounds were kept spotless. The weather couldn't have been any better, 30 degrees with a fine gentle breeze everyday. This was the best part. Nothing much to do at this resort; we had to go on excursions to pass the time.The room was nice ( we stayed at the royal golden club, just 2 buildings from the beach, and pool) the maid was not very good, sometimes we had washcloths sometimes not, and sometimes we had enough towels sometimes not. I had to call a few times during the two weeks to get the things we needed. ( I left treats for her every day, but no money) I wanted to see if she would give us good service, and she didnt so we didn't leave her a tip. This whole holiday seemed like a money grab, if you didn't tip you were ignored. I would expect more in a all inclusive 5* resort. We always tip well at the end of our vacations, but I'm not going to tip everyday. The food at this resort was hit and miss, even at the theme restaurants. The entertainment was lousy, I have seem better shows at a public school. If you speak Spanish, French or Italian,this is your resort; we hardly spoke to anyone in 2 weeks. The excursions were not bad, but again a money grab; the guides and natives constantly talking about the poverty, and how poor everyone is. Well I will tell you; we went on the Bavaro Runners tour, and Maria is probably one of the riches people on the island, she took in hundreds of american dollars while we were there.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>simply the best we had a week to remenber, bahia principe is simply the best !  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Bahia We are a party of 6 that has just returned from the Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro in Punta Cana. (mar. 27)My husband and I( ages 41 and 40) have been to Cuba 3 times ( Brisas Guardalavaca and Grand Playa Turquesa in Holguin and Melia Cayo Guillermo in Cayo Coco). This was our first trip to the Dominican.We took our 2 boys (ages 9 and 11) and my father-in -law and his girlfriend came as well. I wanted to ensure that we got at least a 4.5 star in that we were travelling with children.We were pleased when the Bahia came up thru Sell Off Vacations for an affordable price. We were looking at Mexico originally, put it was quite a bit more for a 5 star there.  Prior to leaving I e-mailed the resort and requested an above ground room with water view , fairly centrally located, with a room for my in-laws fairly near by.I was pleased when I received a response immediately. I was told that the water view rooms were reserved for the Club Golden members, but the resortwould do its' best to accomadate me. Well, as it turned out, we were on the 2nd floor of vila 18, close to the lobby and the trolley, we had a connecting room with my in laws, and technically we did have a water view,(of the fountain in front of the lobby area!) So cudos to the booking staff!  Our flight was with Sky Service.I was kind of nervous about this, having read so many negative comments about them.However the cabin crew and captain were quite attentive and friendly,and the food wasn't that bad. My only complaint was the lack of leg room.My husband is a big man and was quite uncomfortable thru the whole flight.  Check-in was done on the bus, a little confusing, but eliminated the long line ups at the front desk upon arrival. Now to comment on some of the areas of concern that I have read about in these reviews; BAD SMELL:We ate at the Bavaro buffet. There might have been a slight smell on the left side , but I wouldn't have noticed it if I had not read about it. There is 1 store located outside the lobby called the Lobby Shop that had a nasty smell,but it is the only place where I detected anything unpleasant, and I like to think that my sniffer is fairly good. MOSQUITOS:Yes , there are mosquitos. We found if we kept the balcony door closed at all times, even when going outside to hang up atowel, the room was relatively mosquito free. Out of 6 of us , I think only 2 got bitten, and that was only once or twice. My husband is a mosquito magnet, and they didn't bother him at all. FOOD: Excellent! Buffet had lots of variety, even for the pickiest of eaters. We tried 3 a-la -cartes, (Mexican, Grill, and Mediterranian) They were all good , but we preferred the Grill on account of the beautiful steaks we were served. Prior to going, we took a little trip to the buffet,because our reservations were so late.This meant the kids could get a little something to tide them over until dinner(big kids too!) SERVICE: Excellent as well.I cannot believe that people are finding the staff unfriendly and unhelpful!Learn a few spanish words(por favor, gracious, Ola, and my favorite vino blanco) and they will do their best to to communicate with you. Service at the buffet was the best we've ever had, they were there constantly to pick up our dirty dishes, refill our wine glasses, etc. My son dropped his fork on the floor, and it was immediately whisked away by a waitor to be replaced by a clean one. In Cuba we were practically thru with our meals before anyone showed up with water or wine. Front desk staff was incredibly helpful, we had a problem with our room safe and a technician was sent up to remedy it. SIZE OF THE RESORT: Come on people, it's not that large! If we can find our way around coming from rural P.E.I., anyone can!By the 2nd day we had a good feel foe the place. EXCURSIONS: Only did the 2 hour scuba tour, felt a little ripped off because it didn't feel like we were in the water very long, but it was a good experience for the kids.Tip- bring bread for the fish. ENTEWRTAINMENT: Cannot comment , we could'nt stay awake to watch it! TIPS FOR PROSPECTIVE GUESTS; 1)Don't bother with the tattoos if you plan on being in the water for any length of time. We payed 20US for 2 tattoos for the boys and they were worn off by day 3. Majestic Colonial , next door to the left has henna tattoos that are supposed to last 2 weeks. 2) Take your own beach towels. Easy to remember where you placed them on those early mornings after too many pina coladas! 3) Inflatables are allowed in the pool and on the beach. I saw a few adults floating around on air mattresses and I wished that I had one. Tubes and the like can be bought at the shops in Peuble Principe, at comparable prices to here. We left ours with the bar staff. A foot pump would be a good idea to take along. 4) The black lava stone rings and necklaces sold at Peuble Principe shatter to pieces when dropped on the marble floors of the resort. Our boys went thru 3 rings and 1 necklace while at the Bahia. Best to avoid them. 5) Bring your own masks and snorkels if you have them. 6) Bring lots of sunscreen. We slathered our boys and they still burnt. 7) Waterproof cameras are great for photos in and around the water and the pools. 8) When they come around with the animals wanting to take your pictures, have them done, these pictures are 5 by 7 and they are a really good quality and a nice souvenir of your trip.If you don't like them you don't have to purchase them. Lastly, relax and enjoy your stay at the Bahia. It's a great resort with lots to offer! Lori and Mike  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Class All The Way        Lobby  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sunriseonthebeach
<Content>We had a blast in paradise We just got back from a week at the Gran Bahia Principe mar 23-30. This is the first time we have travelled to the Dominican Republic and loved every minute of it. The resort is large and very well laid out, we stayed in Villa 11 second floor with a view of the green space between the resorts. This afforded us a view every morning of the many maids walking to work as they picked flowers for the rooms. A very cheerful bunch as many sang as they walked. Room was large and very clean, we loved our maid Jenny Mercedes and tiped her a couple of dollars and some things the wife brought down with us every day. We were rewarded with wonderful towel arts and flowers every day and it was a treat to come back to our room to see what she had instore for us. Fridge was always full and water and coffee in abundance. Clean towels, sheets and something everybody says is rare, facecloths.Yes we did have mosquitos in the room but if you go on a mean hunt for them before bedtime you will have no problems. Great tip is to put a towel at the bottom of the door as there is a bit of a gap.Beach is fantastic, yes there are lots of people but if you go to the left (Bavaro side) there are lots of chairs and shade and we never had a problem getting a place to sit and it is near the beach bar.We didn't use the pools near the beach so I can't comment on it. We used the center pool close to our room and didn't have problems there either. Swim up bar guy was great and kept our glasses full.Food was excellent at the main buffet, always a great selection. Can't see why people crab about this. We booked three theme resturants the first day we arrived and got the times and days we requested. Japan, great chef our favorite, French, not impressed with the food or main waiter (he forgot about us) Seafood, service was excellent food out of this world.Lobby bar was the place to hang out at night for drinks and listen to the music, we tried the nightlife at the theater but we are not into Karokee or audience participation.Staff were always friendly and helpfull even if they didn't speak english a few hand gestures usually did the trick. And if you did try spanish they tried to help you with the pronounciation.Get out and do some of the tours to see the culture of the island, it is a good experience.Take some bags of potato chips with you as it makes a great gift. Their small chip bags cost around $7 US also they like Caramels and bubble gum for the kids.I don't understand why people complain about this place as we were treated like royalty. We are definitly booking for next year  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort-Poor Entertainment and Service! My family and I stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana the third week in March. We were three couples looking for fun and relaxation in the sun! This is our second time to the D.R. and will probably be our last. My husband is a pilot and we travel often. We tend to prefer Iberostar Resorts and going to the Riviera Maya.If you're looking for a beautiful beach, the D.R. is the place to be. Miles and miles of nice white sand, no rocks, palm trees and beautiful aqua blue water. It is a Midwest vacationer's paradise! The resort was beautifully manicured (like carved out of a jungle), and I have to say the rooms were the nicest we've ever seen for an all-inclusive. The maid service was excellent (a small tip each day goes a long way).The entertainment had a lot to be desired! If you want good shows in the evening and activities stay at an Iberostar or go on a cruise. Other than the shops, or the disco (which doesn't open till about midnight), not much to do. The food was okay. We think the Iberostar's food is top-notch. We ate at the Japanese restaurant. The beef and chicken were extremely dry and tough. Mexican was absolutely excellent (even coming from my brother who lives in San Antonio and are used to great Mexican food). The Italian was not the best. Most of the menu wasn't even Italian related. Expected to see more pasta entrees.We were quite disappointed with the overall service. A lot of workers were quite rude. Our impression was they didn't like American's very much. Of course anytime you gave them a tip, they were your best friend. Service at the buffets was quite slow--often had to ask several times for a drink or coffee, and then waited for a long time.The most disappointing part of the vacation was that even at 6:30 in the morning you could not find a spot at the pool or at the beach in the shade. People would either get up at 5am or go out the night before to reserve chairs; and then they wouldn't show up all day! It seemed that people would tip the staff to save chairs for them! I know this is pretty common at most resorts but it seemed excessive at this one.Overall, we had a great time! The weather was perfect everyday and we enjoyed relaxing in the sun. We don't regret going to this resort because the beauty of it almost surpasses everything else. Other than a few imperfections we were very pleased.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>thecheeseman
<Content>Couldn't wait to go home This was our first time to the Dominican and our 5th all inclusive trip in the past five years. Out of those five this was definitely the worst. We spent 7 nites at this resort in late March.I will say that the property is amazing, it is kept very clean. The pools were very nice and the beach was one of the best we have seen. Staff was for the most part very friendly (we did tip often, some were very thankful and others acted as though it was expected and were not appreciative) The resort does have potential to be very nice and probably would be for most visitors. I read several reviews prior to leaving much like I have in the past. I never thought we would be one the people to have a bad experience and thought those who complained were just too picky. My wife and I are both in our early 30s and are very easy going average people. I am sorry if this gets long but I will tell you what you should know about our experience that made us want to come home. Our room, it was very large and the maid did do a nice job (we tipped $3 per day). However We had the worst posible view one could have. Our 2nd floor balcony looked out over a gravel field with garbage in it followed by a swamp. The area around our building smelled like a pit toilet. We had hundreds of tiny ant like bugs all over our room and the air condtioner hardly worked. We asked to have it checked but I dont think they even looked at it. It was so humid in our room that out digital camera would not work! The bedding smelled like a really dirty armpit, so much that we threw the comforter on the floor every nite so we did not have to smell it. They also put another blanket in between the sheets and this too had the same odor, the smell actually woke both of us up in the middle of the nite when the blanket was close to our noses. My wife asked for a new blanket but we did not recieve one (possibly a language barrier). The room also smelled very musty, even after getting home and washing our clothes they still smelled like the room.The food was not the best. We have had good luck with the food at past all inclusives but this did not compare. Most things were either over cooked, under cooked or just tasted bad (again we are not picky people). We did go to two of the specialty restaurants, the italian and the mediterranean both of which were good (the italian was better though). The resort is very large and the walking did not bother us but be mindful that there are alot of people. We were told there were 4500 people at the resort the week we were there. This makes it difficult to find chairs on the beach and at the main pool. With some searching you can find beach spots but unless you are at the main pool very early you'll be out of luck. Many of the guests are very rude. People jump in line in front of you all the time and act as though they are the only guests there and that is all that matters to them. I saw one lady stick her finger in the tub of ketchup to taste it, this almost made me sick! The resort is mostly europeans and canadians with very few americans.We did not see enough of the entertainment to pass judgement on it. The shopping center was neat and they had some fun things at nite for all ages. We went to the casino a few nites and actually did ok, it was very small but better than we expected.Overall, I can see how many people would like this resort but it did not work out for us. I would return to the Dominican but not to this resort. Both of us were ready to come home early.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The good and the Bad Just got back March 20-27 we were 2 couplesTHE GOOD:Absolutely beautiful resort - Marble everywhere(they won awards for the nicest pools in the caribean)GO to the resorts next door for a visit - you will be glade you are at the BahiaExtremely Clean - their is always somebody cleaning the grounds, pool, tables, beach ...etcto walk from the beach to the lobby takes 10 minutes - trolley wait 5 minutes and takes 5 minutes on the trolleyfood was good (always rice, pasta, vegetables, fruits, chicken, fish, beef, pork, bread) USE YOUR JUDGEMENT STAY AWAY from mayo that is open in the hot sun, fruit+vegetables that has been washed with tap water, uncooked meatsA la carte restaurant are the best(loved the french + the grill) japanese was OKcheck out the themes at the main buffet before making reservation (mexican night was the best)Activities - beach volley ball, aerobics, dance lessons, water sports, spanish lessonsLots of chairs at beach (stay to the right) take a 40 minute walk to the market on the beach - make sure you bargainNice little village in front of the resort (make sure you bargain)We used US money - no problemsCheck out the sumoa boat trip - it's worth the 2 hour bus ride, (good price on local cigars at a market on the way back)No problems checking in and out (10 minutes MAX)Very few musquetos (we requested 2nd floor)The BadResort is huge - it took us half a day to figure out the layout (check your map when you check in)It will be hard to met someone (bring another couple )Disco only opens at 12:00pm - too lateYou need to pay for the Safety deposit box (27$)Saw a rat around the pool closest to the beachPeople tends to say yes - even though they didn't understandIf you don't speak spanish you will feel somewhat lost Should have a list of drinks at all bars (get bored drinking the same thing)Make sure to ask for Rum (or you might not get it)Entertainement is blah !(you see one night you've seen it all)If you want chairs under an umbrella you will need to get up before 6:00 amRed wine isn't great (unless you pay for it)small smeel around the lobby but nothing terribleDON'T bother going to see VIVIANNE - jewlery,rum,cigars cheaper at the hotel shoppickup was 30 minutes late - got to the airport 1:30 before flight BUT only had to wait 30 minutes to boared plain (probably shouldn't be in the bad)You will pay 3$US for a real can pepsi at the airportI DON'T think that club golden is worth the extra price (we got turn down service, trade towel in room, extra a la carte, 15 minutes of internet, fast check-in and out, we were next to the beach BUT didn't really have a beach view - maybe that is why we didn't have any musquetos?IN GENERALTip if you feel you are getting good serviceWe relaxed mostly at the beach, took long walks, enjoyed the a la cartes, all in all a great holidaymake sure to have MAMAWANA (national drink)  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again Just came back from a week at Gran Bahia (March 17-March 24). This resort is overrated and overhyped. This isn鈥檛 my first time in Punta Cana or 鈥渁ll inclusive resort鈥?but this is the first time I decided to write a review. The ocean and the beach are awesome but Gran Bahia has nothing to do with it. They just exploit this nature gift and even that they can鈥檛 do right.We booked two rooms. One of them was supposed to accommodate a family of 3. The room wasn鈥檛 prepared for 3 occupants: no linens, blanket or towel. In fact, there was only one blanket provided. They brought another one at my request. The third one has never arrived.BEACH. If you would like to stay in the shade on the beach you have to come very early to reserve the space. Couple of times I came at 6:30 am and wasn鈥檛 the first one. I don鈥檛 get up that early when I go to work. Definitely don鈥檛 want to do that when I am on vacation. You have to come early or fry in the sun.ROOMS. The rooms are large and staff tries to keep them clean but the towels are worn and frayed. They were white many moons ago. They smell of a very cheap soap. They are not being changed every day even if you left them on the floor as rules required. The linens on my son-in-law bed haven鈥檛 been changed even once. My daughter found sand in her bed on the first night. Tips don鈥檛 help. There is a smell in the room that attaches itself to your clothes. It didn鈥檛 go away after a wash.FOOD. The food in the buffet is tasteless, salty and most of the time lukewarm. It is never done just right. Always overcooked or undercooked. They served lobster on some nights but I look at it as a cover up for otherwise not edible food. The 鈥渉ouse wine鈥?is undrinkable; it contains almost no alcohol. It is true for every 鈥渁ll inclusive鈥?drink. If you want a better drink you have to pay for it and it is not cheap.We went to three 鈥渢heme鈥?restaurants: French, Steakhouse and Italian. French was OK. The steak in the Steakhouse was chewy and mashed potatoes cold. Don鈥檛 be deceived by their wine list. It is for show only. We tried to order a bottle of wine in the Steakhouse and Italian. They didn鈥檛 have it both times. Italian was the worst. The service was nonexistent. They had only one bottle of wine left from their wine list! Nobody asked us about desert. We didn鈥檛 finish our dinner and left.The resort has a very elaborate system of who is entitled to what. I counted bracelets of at least 5 colors. There is Diamond Club and Golden Club and so on and so forth. They make you pay for everything. Safe in the room costs $26.00. I would never ever go back to Gran Bahia and wouldn鈥檛 recommend it to anyone. It is a rip off.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Doobs3
<Content>Exceeded Our Expectations! My boyfriend and I spent 3 days, 4 nights at the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana. I was a bit worried before arriving because of some of the negative reviews. As someone who can be picky myself, it鈥檚 kind of hard to believe how critical others can be and what they complain about! Some of the trip advisors on this site seem to expect exactly what they have in their home countries, and the DR is a foreign country with its own customs and cuisine! I consider myself a rather sophisticated hotel guest. I鈥檝e stayed at some of the best hotels in the United States鈥擱itz Carlton, Four Seasons, etc, and I was nicely surprised by this gorgeous resort. I鈥檒l first comment on the many positives, the few negatives, and every thing in between. The positives: The physical pant--The hotel is absolutely gorgeous! The rooms are impeccably clean, spacious, and have every amenity of a 5-star resort. The marble bathroom features a whirlpool tub/shower and all the creature comforts鈥攖oiletries, combs, shaving kit, hairdryer, magnifying mirror, etc. Every room has its own terrace. While the terrace is a bit cramped, it provides a nice spot for morning coffee. The bed was very comfortable, and there was plenty of clothing storage space for those of who are planning an extended stay. The grounds are amazing! They grow real grass鈥攏ot crab grass like at many other Caribbean resorts I鈥檝e stayed at. Gardeners tend to the property all day long and keep it meticulously well maintained. Workers maintain the beaches and pool areas all day to keep them free of any trash. There certainly would be a lot of it since people don鈥檛 properly dispose of their plastic cups from the bars! The reception area is magnificent. It has no walls giving it an open, airy feeling. It features a 30 foot ceiling made of palms and boasts gorgeous polished marble floors and fountains. The reception area also has a large bar area and a million places comfortable to sit while waitresses serve you drinks.The service was another positive. While the workers do not speak English, they are attentive to your every need. My boyfriend speaks Spanish so that certainly helped. Even if you try to speak a few words of Spanish, they will be very patient with you in trying to understand and accommodate. The maids did an excellent job of keeping our room clean, replacing towels, etc. The service in the restaurants is equally as excellent. The water and wine flowed like a river! It seemed that as soon as your glass was half empty, someone would be right there to refill.The spa is a must! If you鈥檙e into spas and self-care, you must spend a morning at the spa. It鈥檚 tucked away and largely ignored by many of the guests. So it wasn鈥檛 crowded or hard to get an appointment. My boyfriend and I made appointments for deep tissue massage. While his masseuse was better than mine, we both enjoyed the pampering and the beauty of the facility. I have been to the best spas in Boston, and this place is certainly comparable. The spa has a wonderful indoor water therapy center of sorts. There are two mini-pools鈥攐ne with cooler water and one with warmer water. Both offer hydro massage that鈥檚 to die for! In between the pools are steam rooms, saunas, and hydro-massage showers. The spa has a soothing, marble d茅cor and an open-air atrium of plants in the center with treatment rooms off to the sides. This oasis is an absolutely wonderfully relaxing and aesthetically pleasing facility. An hour massage costs about $75 U.S. and is well worth it!The beach/pool areas go down in the positive category as well. They are everything you would want and expect from a tropical paradise. The beach has white sands and coral blue water. If you want a little beach hut, you鈥檒l have to get to the beach by around 8:30 am to put a towel on the beach chairs under the hut or else you鈥檒l be out of luck! But you certainly won鈥檛 have a problem finding a beach chair. The pools are well maintained and all feature fun swim-up bars and are more than large enough to accommodate the hundreds of guests that stay at the resort. The negative:The weather wasn鈥檛 as sunny as we expected. There was sun everyday鈥攚hich was enough to burn the fair skinned. But we had hoped for more sun and fewer thick, dark clouds which pervaded the skies just about everyday. I guess it reflects well on the hotel that our biggest con was something completely out of human control! The only reason we may not return to the Dominican Republic is because of our experience with the weather.Everything in Between:The food was OK鈥攏othing amazingly good and nothing too bad. We did not get food poisoning and believe that people who did get sick drank the tap water in the room (a no-no) or caught a contagious virus. The place is so clean and the food is properly prepared. Hot foods are kept hot and cold foods are kept cold. So there鈥檚 little reason to worry about food-born viruses. We ate breakfast in the buffet which was probably the worst meal of the day. They try to cook non-native cuisine like French toast and pancakes which don鈥檛 come out well. The bread in general wasn鈥檛 that good. But lunch at the beachside bars is pretty good and dinner at the a la carte restaurants is even better. We ate at Le Gourmet, El Pescador, and the Garden Grill. I鈥檇 recommend those three since you can try dishes native to the Dominican Republic. The more ethnic places will most likely not be as good (i.e. Italian, Mexican, Japanese) because they each serve food so vastly different from Dominican food. You wouldn鈥檛 go to Japan and expect great Italian. Don鈥檛 go to the Dominican and expect great Mexican! The best a la carte was El Pescador because you could taste the native flavors and foods like ceviche, lobster, parillada (mixed grill of meats), and Spanish rice. Try all of those and you won鈥檛 be disappointed! Perhaps other dishes lacked in quality because the chefs relied too heavily on butter and deep frying. It was certainly hard to eat healthfully on this trip. In addition, the portions at dinner are huge too so maybe some of the people who got sick simply stuffed themselves to sickness! For example, at El Pescador and the Garden Grill, you can feast on a buffet of salads and appetizers prior to being served the main course! And after all of that鈥here鈥檚 dessert. Desserts weren鈥檛 that good. I鈥檓 a chocoholic and found that other than chocolate gelato, there was not much chocolate to be had. I鈥檓 also an American who鈥檚 used to large portions and was impressed by the amount of food available to each guest. You certainly won鈥檛 lose weight on this vacation!The gym left some things to be desired鈥擜fter all that food, I really felt the need to work out! They gym is located in the spa. It is clean, pretty facility but lacks a sufficient number of cardio machines. There were not enough treadmills and elliptical machines. There was no nautilus鈥攋ust free weights. It was also a little too small for the number of people present. The huge size of the resort鈥擳he resort property is almost like its own town. It鈥檚 huge and sprawling! This can have its pros and cons. It鈥檚 good because you can walk off all of the food and drinks you consumed. The large size also makes the resort seem less crowded and more grand. But it can be less advantageous when you just want to get somewhere quickly. At the beginning of your stay, you may even feel a bit overwhelmed and lost in the size. There is a tram that runs frequently from the beach at one end to the reception area at the other if you don鈥檛 want to walk. General advice: Book your stay through a tour company that can provide transfers to and from the hotel and a resort orientation when you first arrive. Adjust your expectations. Don鈥檛 expect the food that you get at home. Learn some basic Spanish words before you arrive. I didn鈥檛 meet anyone in the DR who spoke good English so brush up on your Spanish to lessen the communication barrier. Don鈥檛 drink the tap water in your room, but water in the restaurants is fine.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tar6012
<Content>Best Excursion Deal Ever at the Bahia My boyfriend and I stayed at the Bahia Principe from March 5th thru the 12th and thoroughly enjoyed our stay.We have both traveled to other all-inclusives in Mexico, Jamaica, Costa Rica and St. Thomas, so we have a basis for comparison.Yes, this is a huge resort but they do a great job keeping up the grounds and the rooms, and we did not encounter any bad service in any way. As a matter of fact, the two times we called for an iron, they had it in our room in a matter of minutes. And upon check out when we called for a bellboy he was there in about 2 minutes flat.They greeted us at check-in with a cocktail. Check in was very quick and easy and they escorted us to our room with no problems. And the service we got for our excursion was outstanding... MORE about that best part of our trip later....WEATHERIt was hot and sunny for the whole trip, with NO rain. White puffy clouds would cover the sun occasionally but keep right on moving. The only inconvenience I found, especially on the sand, is that there were some very windy days. At night it did tend to cool down a little bit.FOODWe booked our restaurant reservations at Guest Services the night we arrived. We tried the Japanese, which was very good and a different experience for us both. If you've never gone to a Japanese restaurant I'd recommend it. We also tried the French and the Garden Grill. We enjoyed the meals at every one. The indoor main buffet was also full of variey with several choices (each night had a different theme), as well as the outdoor restaurants by the pool/beach that we ate at for lunch. We never got sick at all during the trip, and I feel sorry for those who mentioned they got sick... but do not get all paranoid like I did before we left... the food is fine. Just be careful as you would at home... don't be eating condiments like mayo that might be left out for a while!BEACHThe beach is very crowded but we were always able to get a chair. The sand is white and soft and beautiful and the water is that wonderful color you picture when you think of the carribean. One day they had a band playing on the beach and people dancing. We took a long walk down the beach to the open air market to buy t-shirts and other stuff. We spent most of our days on the beach.POOLOne main pool by the beach with a swim-up bar, and other pools in the middle of the resort which are low key. We are not pool people but did get a kick out of some of the entertainment that they involved the guests in, which is almost all day long... The water was just a little too cool for me to go in but others probably find it refreshing!GYMThey have a very small fitness facility in the Spa building at the front of the resort. We are gym people so we were a little disappointed in the size of the gym, in comparison to the huge resort. There were some stationary bikes, one elliptical, a treadmill and some free weights.SPAWe had a couples massage, $60 each and it was one of the better massages I've gotten. Men beware, the women doing the massage don't miss a spot if you know what I mean. We thought it was pretty humorous. After the massage they take you to a little bar for some juice. Very nice facility.ACTIVITESWe took the bikes out one morning and rode around the resort. Another day we took out the hobiecat on the water. Very fun but don't stray too far down the beach like we did, I don't think they were happy with us! They also have banana boats were they pull you around and kayaks. Lots to do there, you will not be bored.EXCURSIONSWe had the best deal there imaginable. The week we were there they offered a two day, one night excursion off the resort to Isla Saona, Santo Domingo, and Altos de Chavon. It was wonderful and went off with no hitches. The best part was they PAID everyone on the excursion $200 US for going. It had to do with their overbooking and trying to free up rooms. We only had to leave our original room while we were gone and get a new room upon our arrival the next day. Everything was taken care of for us without a worry.The morning of our trip we got on the bus and took an interesting ride to the town of Bayahibe where we parked and got on a power boat to Sanoa Island. It was the most unbelievable spot. A Gorgeous paradise. They had a bar set up and lunch for us. Three great hours were spent there soaking up the sun. We took a catamaran boat back and it was real fun with drinks and music, dancing. We then traveled to the capital city Santo Domingo where we arrived to a Barcelo hotel. Dinner there was included in the trip. It was late so we went to bed and then got up to a breakfast which was also included. They took us to tour the beautiful and historical city. It was a real experience. We were able to split up from the group and look around ourselves. Just look out for the shoe-shine boys who literally drop shoe-shine stuff on your shoes to get you to say yes! After the city we proceeded on the bus about an hour to Alto de Chavon. It is a replica of an old Italian Village and just breathtaking there. You have to see it to believe it. After that we went back to the Bahia where they greeted us coming off the bus with a new room key and our luggage waiting for us in our new room.So, if you do go and they offer this, do not hesitate! They pay you to do all these things that you may want to do anyway and it is well worth it!All in all it was a great trip. The Bahia may not be the thing for you if you like more intimate resorts or no kids, but I firmly believe that if you are away on vacation away from work and the cold, how can anything be that bad??Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disappointed and wouldn't go back We visited the resort Mar.14 thru Mar.19. We traveled with children ages 16,15,11 and 9. The resort itself is beautiful, along with the beach, but that's where it stops. I tried to make dinner reservations the day I arrived. only to find out all the restaurants we wanted to go to were booked. I could only get late resevations, 9;30-10;00 if I could get them at all.Only the Mexican and Japanes were available at a decent time 8-8;30. I found the sevice to be terrible at all the restaurnts, and the help unfriendly.The breakfast buffet was terrible unless you go up to main buffet by lobby.The food was barely okay in the restaurnts, but edible and nobody got sick. We found out you could go to restaurnts earlier than resevation and they accomdated us, because restaurants only half booked.Entertainment was poor and nothing for kids. Entertainment was for adults by the beach and pool.A little girl the age of 6 walked out of the kids club without being noticed. Don't leave your children there, attendants are irresponsible. Keyboard player at the bavaro lobby was enjoyable.Have to reserve chairs before 8 if you want a shade hut, there are not enough to accomdate guests. Kayaks were booked full 2-3 days ahead, again not enough to accomdate 2 resorts ,Punta Cana and Bavaro. Make sure you don't mind topless bathing because there is a lot of that.I was part of the GOLDEN CLUB, NOT sure of what the extra amenities were other than having a room close to beach. I was suppose to be entitled to 1 extra a la carte dinner but they wouln't give it to me since I was staying 6 nights and not 7.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>morrisd
<Content>How can people complain It's just typical that the negative reviews are from American visitors. I have travelled to the Myan riviera multiple times and stayed at 5 star resorts and in Cancun, and guess what. I can honestly say that this resort was deffinetly equal if not better. First of all when are people going to realize that you do not travel to a 3rd world country to see great entertaiment.You go to LAS VEGAS to see entertaiment. You go to Punta Cana to relax in the sun on a beuatiful beach. By the way this resort had a great evening relaxing appeal. OK the shows at the lounge were not worth seeing, but having a late dinner then relaxing in a most spectacular lobby lounge then at 11:00 pm wandering over to the oputside square, were there was a stage with some dancers as backround entertaiment enjoying a drink and then going to the Disco was all actually surprising considering that at most carribean Islands there is absolutely nothing to do. Yes this resort was Canadian and European based so hopfully the Americans will stay away or just stay at the Buffets or around the pool, because to be quite honest that is the only place i really seen Americans. If your looking for action go to Cancun or Waikiki. If your looking for a beuatiful resort, pretty decent food considering the amount of people that they are serving, top notch beach and great weather this place hits the spot. People who complain about this resort will find a reason to complain at any resort. They abviously unapreciate that the local people are very poor and get paid very little for there service. If any could afford and went to this resort for 7 days and did not spend at least a MINIMUM of $ 100.00 US on tipping you should be ashamed and i hope you had bad service. I tipped the girl that cleaned my room, the baggage boy, the guy who made me coffee in the buffet, the bar tender, my wife gave the girl at the entrance to the buffet a pair of earings that she was wearing because the girl liked them i even tipped one of the guys that i bargened with after i bought something in the square. You no what if you give before you get people will respect that and also you have to want to give from inside. People go on holidays and spend a a couple of thousand dollars including air fare and expect to be treated like Donald Trump. Wake up or just stay home.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Corey_M
<Content>Five Stars for Sure Went to the GBP Punta Cana for my Honeymoon, Mar. 8-15. Really did my homework before booking this hotel, and it payed off. [i am a fairly experienced traveller, this is my 5th all-inclusive vacation.] The GOOD:1. huge buffet, incredible selection.2. great a la cartes. i recommend the garden grille (great tenderloin) and the gourmet (surf and tuf). from what i'm told the Japanese is also great. wife wouln't let me try that one!3. beach. amazing. best i've ever been on. lots of palapas and loungers.The BAD:1. resort is huge. this has it's drawbacks, not walkable, you must use the tram.2. service can be spotty. tipping helps.3. italian restaurant is so-so.The quality of everything is 5 star: the rooms, the beach, the food (especially for the Dominican). But, if you like a smaller type resort, where your room is close to the beach, this place is not for you. It offers luxury, but you really need to take the time to acquaint yourself (ie go to your orientation and book a la cartes early).Our only other complaint can't be really attributed to the resort, but more to the destination. Punta Cana: 1. offers nothing to do off your resort, and 2. caters to spanish/french canadians. English seems the 3rd language here.We spoke to a few other travellers who come to the Dominican yearly and were told that right now, only the Secrets Punta Cana is better than GBP Punta Cana. (It is couples only, and more $$$.)All in all, a great trip, and we would go back.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Perfect Getaway! Me and 5 others went and It was an amaging trip. It was the farthest place I've went sofar. I loved the pools with the swim up bars and the Steaks down there are the best I've ever had. Go visit this resort. p.s, Don't ever go to the Mexacian Resturaunt there! (Food Poisioning)  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Scuba Steve says, "No Need to Complain!!!!" First of all, for all those people thinking of going to the Bahia--GO!!!Yes, the resort is big (it has 1500 rooms) so know that before you go. And if you still choose to go, then don't complain about the size when you return! From lobby to beach is maybe a 7-8 minute walk and if you don't want to walk-then take the tram! I am sure the exercise won't hurt anyone.Rooms are large and well kept. The housekeeping staff did a great job! (whether you tipped or not-but it never hurts)The bathrooms are large and the marble is very nice. They come complete with a a jetted tub- don't be confused by the word jacuzzi- as you may form an image that won't be accurate!The pools are large and have tons of chairs. Yes, some people are up early to reserve beds (tell me where this doesn't happen), however they can always be found. Same can be said on the beach- with a little searching. We were there during the March Break, which is extremely busy and never had a problem. Certain pools have limited access- the Premier section is solely for people booked in this area (adults only and very far away from the beach) and the Hacienda Section (Club Diamond)are only for those folks. This will be a drawback-only if you want it to be. Again know this before you book. There is another pool directly beside the Club Diamond pool in the middle of the resort that is not busy at all. Most people frequent the pool closest to the beach- it is divided into three sections. The one closest to the swim-up bar is always a bit more crowded (to be expected)Food choices were always plentiful- we ate at the japanese, La Gourmet and the italian A la Cartes--all very good! Buffets are themed, so check this before making a la carte reservations in case you have a particular preference. We ate at the Buffet on the Gala night, Mexican, Italian and again very good. Main buffets are beautiful inside- nicely air conditioned, marble floors etc... Lunches were mainly by the pool or at the beach side buffets. Again lots of choice, and if you are worried about sickness then use your head- mayo may not be a solid choice if it is out in the sun! (This is the case anywhere) Pizza, burgers, fries all very friendly choices!!Plenty of fresh fruit always being chopped as well as other daily options.Nightly Entertainment was not great, but you can be the judge! Casino and Disco add to yur options! Lobby bar was a great place to be in the evening!Good drinks,atmosphere.The beach was great- long walks, white sand and clear water, not sure what else to say! Have a great trip- watch out for flying trays andSay hi to Bob Johnson, if you see him!!!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Critical Informations about this Hotel. Must Read. My wife and I just arrived back early Sunday morning from our trip to the Bahia for one week. We both travel often staying at some of the best Hotels and resorts around the world. I am compelled to get these informations out which have been overlooked. 1)Yes the Resort is Gorgeous, Breath-taking and all that but the most important dynamics are missing.INTIMACY. For singles....its not the place, mainly couples and families, Couples to meet couples.....Very Difficult because Resort is just TOO Big..You might run into each other by accident. Normally we meet 15 couples we met 3. High Traffic on the Beach, Lots of People. Get up Early to Get a Chair.2) BIG RUSTY Broken Down Ship oil barge in the water 1000 feet out in front of the beach area...Not the Viking Ship kind either...forget those romantic sunsets on the beach.3) THE Absolute Worst Entertainment -The Lone Guitarist in the bar area of the Lobby was the only person to make mention after your dining experience you might as well walk back to your room. Bring a chess set. Shameful considering the amount of monies they spend on manicured gardens........ There is nothing to do other than walk through an old styled western make-shift town on the resort to buy trinkets of nothings PS Watch out for the wagon Vendors in front of the stores.... they are VERY agressive and should really relocate to the Beach..the shops offer the same goods cheaper anyways. 4) Both my wife and I along with 2 other couples from the Japanese Restaurant came down with Food Poisoning. We believe it was the Sushi...Please be very Guarded from this restaurant.5)MOSQUITOES- Deet Sprays do not help or protect you.The Resort uses Pesticides outside..If you can believe it but fails to provide protection inside your Suite...When the cleaning ladies clean they leave the doors open. MY WIFE WAS BITTEN 15 TIMES, I rarely get bitten but had them zooming around my head during the night with their eminant sound. BRING A MOSQUITO STRIP IF THERE IS SUCH A THING. 6)Do not leave your tip on the Table. Others whom did not serve you will sweep it up fast.7)They give you a little Booklet upon arrival. Turn to the page where it reads CHECK OUT POLICY. They make it appear that if you would like to extend the check out time which is at 12:00 Noon You can just pay $10.per hour THIS IS NOT THE CASE. ON THE DAY OF YOUR DEPARTURE, You turn back to the pumpkin that never was and they barely know your name.Thank you  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>meandfamily
<Content>absolutely perfect weather ... again Bahia Principe Bavaro 鈥?March 3-17, 2006A bit of background informationMy husband and I traveled to other parts of the Caribbean several times in our married, no kid years. After our Jamaican wedding, we didn鈥檛 travel for several years because soon the kids were born and we didn鈥檛 think it would be a very pleasant vacation to travel with infants or toddlers. When our son was 6陆 years old and our daughter was 4陆 years old, we all ventured to the DR for the first time. Our family trip to the Bahia Principe was our sixth annual family vacation in the Dominican Republic (five prior trips to Punta Cana and one trip to Puerto Plata). Four of the six trips were two weeks in duration. Travelling to the Dominican has become a family tradition we all love.FlightWe live 3陆 hours from Pearson Airport in Toronto. We left home very early just in case there were any surprises along the way. Last year鈥檚 ride to Toronto was a nail biter because we drove in dense fog for the first two hours.We parked our vehicle at the Airport Econo Lodge on Airport Road. The rate of $94.95 included 14 days鈥?parking and a stayover the night of our return. Continental breakfast is also included. We鈥檝e stayed there several times in the past. While it鈥檚 a three star hotel at best, they provide excellent customer service and the rate is reasonable. It鈥檚 alongside the airport so the shuttle ride is very short.Another reason for allowing plenty of extra time prior to our flight is because we encountered a difficulty with our tickets not being mailed to us as requested. We were assured that our tickets would be at the airport but since there had been other flaws with the booking, we wanted to have ample time just in case. The Sunquest desk did indeed have our tickets (big sigh of relief). This time we decided not to pay the extra fee of $15 per person per one-way trip for preassigned seating. Much to our pleasant surprise, we were pre-assigned seats 16A, B, C and D. Pre-assigning seats for passengers who opted not to pay the additional fee definitely shaves some time off the check-in process because your boarding passes are pre-printed and there鈥檚 no need to discuss where you鈥檇 like to sit versus what is available.We were scheduled to leave from Toronto at 3:10 p.m. However, the plane that was earmarked for our trip had a damaged engine panel so we were delayed while Skyservice rounded up another plane. They found one for us in Puerto Vallarta but once it arrived in Toronto, we had to wait a bit longer for a new crew to arrive. We finally left at 8:25 p.m. on a very cramped Airbus A320.Skyservice handled the delay fairly well but they could have made a couple of announcements that would have provided everyone with the same information rather than having 180 passengers approaching the counter and asking the same questions. Each passenger was given $15 on vouchers that could be used at any of the airport restaurants. We also received complimentary headsets for the in-flight movie.I was in seat 16D. The couple seated next to me decided to pass the time by flipping through a porn magazine. Folks, please save this type of reading material for the privacy of your hotel room. The cramped Skyservice environment isn鈥檛 the appropriate place for such an intimate moment when there鈥檚 a stranger seated next to you. The in-flight movie was Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. Our 3 hour and 40 minute flight arrived in Punta Cana around 1:00 a.m. local time.This was our first time to arrive so late (or would that be early). The little local band that entertains you when you arrive and the ladies who pose with you for photos don鈥檛 work the midnight shift so the airport was very quiet. Since there were no other arrivals just then, it was quite a quick process to get our luggage, clear Customs and board a comfortable air conditioned bus. After a brief stop at the Riu Bambu, we arrived at the Bahia.Check-in at the main lobby was very quick. Diamond Club guests have a private check-in and check-out privileges but the office is open between 8 a.m. and 11 p.m. Our fist impression of the Bahia was unnerving because we were swatting at numerous mosquitoes (and we had opted to not take malaria prophylaxis this trip).AccommodationsWe were assigned room 28107 which is on the main floor with a patio facing the service road (toward the Majestic Colonial). Since we were staying for two weeks, we asked the employee for a second or third floor room instead and he suggested we return later in the morning.Before breakfast we went to the Diamond Club office to prepay for our in-room safe ($4 U.S. per day) and we discussed our request for a different room. We were assured that more rooms would be available after 3 p.m. and to check with them after 2:30 p.m. that day. Although we did exactly as instructed, things didn鈥檛 go well. The Diamond Club rep contradicted what he said earlier and also accused us of not being in our room at 2:30 p.m. when he called to offer us a better room. This was entirely untrue, as we鈥檇 returned to our room at 2:00 p.m. and there was no phone call.The Diamond Club rep assured us that more rooms would be available the next day so in anticipation of moving to a different room, we unpacked only the essentials. The following afternoon there was a repeat of the previous day. We then spoke with the manager at the main reception desk. He was willing to move us to a second or third floor room away from the service road but he claimed that only the main floor rooms have two double beds (actually they鈥檙e 戮 beds, not doubles). He said he could probably find two cots for the kids (although we later heard complaints from other guests that the resort does not have cots at all). Based on this information, we opted to stay in the originally assigned room. My husband advised the manager of his dissatisfaction with the dishonesty of the Diamond Club reps. The manager suggested he complete a complaint form (which he did) and in recognition of our inconvenience, he refunded us the $56 U.S. we paid for the safe (refund was in Dominican pesos). We then unpacked and settled in room 28107.Our room was very clean and fairly spacious. There was more than adequate drawer, closet and shelf space. I was glad we鈥檇 brought some hangers because there were very few in the closet. The shower door was quite different from any we鈥檝e seen. Rather than being a curtain or a glazed sliding door, there鈥檚 a panel of clear glass running from top to bottom the length of half of the tub (closest to the faucets). In order to not flood the bathroom floor, you had to point the shower nozzle in the front corner of the tub. The partial glass wall type of shower curtain didn鈥檛 lend itself to one family member using the sink or toilet while another showered.Since this is a new resort, we found it odd that there鈥檚 no exhaust fan in the bathroom because it sure gets steamy when the shower is on. The water pressure in the shower was better than at home and there was consistent hot water every time we showered.The 戮 beds are uncomfortable for a couple, no matter what your size or how cozy you like to get. The smallness of the beds, combined with a flat sheet being used in place of a fitted sheet, makes for some interesting nights.The climate control in the room worked very well. The ceiling fan squeaked and wobbled but I think that鈥檚 the norm in the DR.Thankfully we brought a dozen facecloths from the dollar store. During our two week stay, the maid left us facecloths four days. The keyless in-room safe is convenient. You use your room card to program your safe with a PIN of your choice.The mini fridge was stocked with a very large bottle of water, as well as pop and beer. There were a couple of extra bottles of water above the fridge.I鈥檇 recommend double checking your room door when you leave to be sure the lock has engaged. One time the door lock would not engage. We put one of the room cards in the door and removed it and then the door would lock.I鈥檇 also recommend double checking that your patio doors are locked every time you leave the room. We returned to our room once after the maid had cleaned and she had left the patio unlocked.The rooms and/or balconies/patios do not have a clothes rack or clothes line so we brought a nylon rope and clothes pins.RestaurantsWe ate at all of the buffet restaurants during our two week stay. Generally speaking, the cold food was always cold, but the hot food was rarely hot; it was warm or lukewarm. Even immediately after the chafing dishes were replenished, the food was nowhere near hot. If you eat at the buffets, your best bet for hot food is the pasta, meat or fish cooking stations. The food selection was ok, but of all the all-inclusives we鈥檝e visited in the DR, the Bahia鈥檚 food would rate in last place. However, their white wine rates an A+ and it鈥檚 the only resort where we鈥檝e had wine beyond the first day. Service at the buffets was very inconsistent. Service at breakfast was fine on most days, but service was slow or almost non-existent at the dinner buffet. We often had a heck of a time finding a server for beverages. Some of the resorts we鈥檝e visited have given you a carafe of coffee at breakfast and we really missed that at the Bahia.We enjoyed six a la carte dinners. The service at all of these restaurants was very attentive. The food was usually hot. The ability to make reservations at the Diamond Club office is very convenient due to their extended hours. They were easily able to accommodate our preference for a seating sometime between 7:00 p.m. and 7:30 p.m. Since we have our children with us, a 9:00 p.m. dinner seating is too late. At other resorts it鈥檚 been nearly impossible to get a la carte reservations around 7:00 p.m.As non-smokers, we really appreciated that smoking was not permitted in the dining rooms.The dishwashing was top notch. Not once during our two week stay did I have to grab another plate from the pile because the top one was dirty. The cutlery and glassware were always very clean too. We鈥檝e noticed that some resorts pay more attention to this than others.PoolsThe pools are very big and well maintained. We spent most of our time at the Diamond Club pool because it was quieter and less crowded than the main pool. The Diamond pool has a swim-up bar but a few times throughout the day one of the bartenders walked around the pool deck taking drink orders.When we first arrived the Diamond pool was open from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. but near the end of our first week the sign was changed to read 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. The bar closed promptly at 6 p.m. but we had no difficulty using the pool until 7 p.m. or sitting around the pool talking with friends or reading.When you鈥檙e at the Diamond pool, there鈥檚 two options for pit stops: the Italian restaurant or the towel exchange building across the road from the Diamond pool. Use of the Italian restaurant washrooms required dry clothing, a shirt and footwear.BarsWe mainly used the bar at the Diamond Club pool and since this pool was fairly quiet, bar service was prompt.We found that all of the girlie drinks (pina coladas, banana mammas and dirty monkeys) didn鈥檛 measure up to the quality we鈥檝e enjoyed at other resorts. We heard similar comments from other guests.GroundsThe grounds are very well maintained. Due to the newness of the resort, you won鈥檛 find the lushness as at more mature resorts.Fogging was very common on the grounds at all times of day. The employee has a plastic container strapped to his back and sprays with a wand similar to one at a car wash. It was alarming to notice that these workers didn鈥檛 wear any breathing protection while spraying. There seemed to be no effort made to spray at non-peak times during the day. For example, we were once waiting for the shuttle bus at its point closest to the beach and an employee was fogging a few feet away. We held our breath and hoped for the best.EntertainmentThe animation staff doesn鈥檛 work out of the Diamond pool so we didn鈥檛 see much of them.We made it to one of the evening shows 鈥?international music 鈥?and it was well done. We were too pooped to stay up for the 10 p.m. shows.ScubaDuring our two week stay, our son completed the PADI junior open water certification and junior advanced open water certification through Scubacaribe. On previous trips we鈥檝e had good experiences with Scubacaribe at both the Riu Bachata and Riu Taino. Their diving staff is excellent. Special thanks to Barbara and Chris.Divers who specialize in videographing work with Scubacaribe at the Bahia (www.uwproductions.com). We purchased a 10 minute DVD of our son鈥檚 cavern dive and it鈥檚 awesome. The cost was $59 U.S. It鈥檚 a wonderful keepsake for him and it gives all of us an opportunity to have a bird鈥檚 eye view of what he saw on his diving adventure.My husband is an advanced diver but he typically has ear problems and is only able to dive once per vacation; this trip was no exception. Thankfully our son didn鈥檛 inherit his father鈥檚 problematic ears.Since it was windier than usual this trip, Scubacaribe sometimes cancelled dives or postponed them until later in the day in anticipation of lighter winds.My husband and son were scheduled for an all day trip to Catalina Island to dive but the trip was cancelled due to a 鈥渢ransport strike鈥?that disrupted the bus service.Check-OutCheck-out is at noon and the bus picked us up at 6:10 p.m. If you want to keep your room later, the charge is $10 U.S. per hour per room.We opted to be cheap and check out. We called the front desk and a bellboy was at our room within five minutes. We left all our luggage (four carry-ons and six pieces of checked luggage) in the secure room next to the main desk. We put nylon ties on all of our luggage locks before leaving home and we brought extras with us so we could put them on for the return trip. It鈥檚 not a foolproof security method by any means, but if someone is looking to quickly grab something from a suitcase, chances are they won鈥檛 take the time to cut your nylon ties 鈥?they鈥檒l move on to someone else鈥檚 luggage instead.The bellhop had a key to the luggage storage room and he made sure it was locked when we were finished. Of all the resorts we鈥檝e stayed, the Bahia seemed to have the most secure arrangement for luggage.Between noon and pick-up time, I carried my purse and my husband carried the camera, passports and tickets.The washrooms in the lobby area next to the Japanese restaurant have courtesy showers (three in the ladies鈥?room, I believe) but there was quite a line-up because there were other flights leaving the same time as ours. Thanks to the generosity of a nice couple we met, we showered in their room and didn鈥檛 have to use the lobby showers (gracias Ann and Bordan).In our haste to quickly shower and get to the lobby on time, our plane tickets took a dip in the toilet. Gentlemen, if you have the tickets in your shirt pocket, please be careful when you bend over to pick up the toilet lid (and that鈥檚 all I want to say on that topic). The Skyservice rep at the airport was very upset because the tickets were wet and said she couldn鈥檛 accept them. If only she knew the source of the moisture.I鈥檇 recommend being in the lobby waiting for your bus about 15 minutes in advance of the tour operator鈥檚 posted departure time. In the past we鈥檝e found that the buses don鈥檛 arrive until 10 or 15 minutes after their scheduled time. However, this time the bus was loaded and on its way one minute prior to its scheduled departure time.AccessibilityMy friend is in a wheelchair and loves to travel to the Dominican so I pay attention to accessibility at resorts. The Bahia鈥檚 website states 12 of the rooms in the Bavaro section are wheelchair accessible. I didn鈥檛 see any of these rooms so I can鈥檛 comment on them. However, I noticed several areas of the resort that would pose problems for a person in a wheelchair who didn鈥檛 have a helper who could lift the chair at some locations. The main buffet has a ramp that would accommodate a wheelchair but the washroom in that area (next to the Japanese restaurant) is not accessible because it is one step up and there is no ramp. The a la carte restaurants also require one step up and there is no wheelchair ramp. The washroom near the main pool had a separate wheelchair accessible washroom.Anyone using a non-motorized wheelchair or not having a helper would find the Bahia too large to easily navigate without assistance.WeatherWe had a few hours of rain one afternoon and a couple of very brief sprinkles that aren鈥檛 worth mentioning. We were fortunate to have two very dry, hot and sunny weeks. It was much windier than we鈥檝e experienced during our five previous trips and it also seemed less humid than other times. The evenings were a bit cooler as well.MosquitoesWe opted to not take malaria prophylaxis. We saw several mosquitoes and were bit a few times. The majority of the mosquitoes we saw were in our room rather than by the pool or on the grounds.Guests who stayed in rooms closest to the mangrove/bridge area complained of severe mosquito problems.Return FlightThe bus picked us up at 6:10 p.m. and we arrived at the Punta Cana Airport at 7:00 p.m. Although we managed to end up second last in the check-in herd, we were assigned seats 3A, B, C and D.Our return flight left a few minutes late on a cramped Airbus A320. The inflight movie was Walk The Line. Dinner consisted of veggie lasagna, a dinner roll, butter, cheese and crackers, and an apple brownie. We arrived in Toronto on schedule at 12:45 a.m.We quickly cleared Customs and Immigration and took a shuttle to the Econo Lodge for the night. We slept for a few hours, had breakfast in Toronto and headed home.SummaryWe were fortunate to once again have two weeks of picture perfect weather. In our five trips to Punta Cana, we鈥檝e never had more than a few hours of rain. When we left Punta Cana on March 17th, it was around 28o C. When we returned home on the 18th, it was 28o F. Brrrrrrrrr! The crocuses and tulips are sprouting, though, and we鈥檝e seen robins, so spring will be here soon.I agree with the Bahia鈥檚 five star rating. It has several attributes but for us it lacked coziness and a tropical ambience. It鈥檚 unfortunate that the main dining room and the a la cartes are so formal ~ walls, windows, drapes and sheers. Most of the restaurants don鈥檛 provide an outside view of the greenery, flowers or palm trees. We鈥檝e stayed at other resorts in Punta Cana that have offered much more of a tropical flare and openness to their dining rooms/restaurants.I鈥檓 not a picky eater but I do expect hot food to be hot most of the time; the Bahia dropped the ball in that regard.The Bahia needs to upsize their beds to at least doubles, preferably queens. If you have a room with only one bed, it鈥檚 a king. If you have a room with two beds, as we did, you have two 戮 beds. Two weeks of sharing a 戮 bed with my husband is a bit crowded --- and we鈥檙e not overly large people. The Diamond Club office offers convenience for a la carte bookings and there鈥檚 two computers that provide guests with free internet access. The computers get quite busy during peak times but it鈥檚 a nice perk. (Users are given access for 20 minutes at a time). Our objective was to have two dry and sunny weeks of rest and relaxation, read a few books, have a few drinks, make a few new friends, and explore some nearby resorts for next year鈥檚 short list. We came home tanned/freckled, recharged and refreshed.Would we return to the Bahia?No.We鈥檝e stayed at other five star resorts in Punta Cana, and even a four star that have better matched what we prefer. We鈥檙e already lost in thought about next year鈥檚 vacation. Punta Cana is unquestionably on our wish list but we鈥檇 also like to see what the Mayan has to offer. In the past six years we鈥檝e ultimately chosen the DR because it鈥檚 more economical for the four of us for a two week trip.If you have any questions, please e-mail me:meandfamily1961@yahoo.com  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Alpeca
<Content>Fantastic Holiday Returned 3 weeks ago from one of our best holidays ever.We booked through First Choice Holidays and flew to Punta Cana. Transfer was highly organised and we were able to check in on the coach going to the hotel.On arrival we were taken to our room which was on the first floor. The rooms are tastefully decorated and very comfortable and clean. Our maid was very pleasant and every day we had clean linen and towels.Anything we asked for was met with courtesy and speed.The hotel is divided into two parts Bahia Punta Cana and Bahia Bavaro.We stayed on the Punta Cana side but apart from the self serve buffet we were able to use most facilities.The complex is huge which is what we like and getting around was never a problem as transport in the form of buggies are constantly travelling from the hotels main reception right down to the beach. Restaurants are plentiful and the food was superb catering for all tastes.The staff are very friendly and happy and although it is not expected we did tip occasionally which I know they appreciate.The beach is fantastic but does get busy so it is advisable to get loungers with shade early.Around the main pool it gets very lively but there are quiet areas too with beach bars very handy.We met some wonderful people of all ages and nationality.We had reservations about Dominican Republic and this hotel especially after reading bad reviews but we can say we were sorry to leave and were pleased our flight home was delayed for 4 hours as it meant we could spend longer in paradise. We never return to the same hotel but would consider returning there definitely in the future.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>m&d88
<Content>March 12-19/2006       Outside main lounge  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time had by all       Beach Pool  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>listen to this We went to the Bahia Principe March 4 thru 11, 3 couples, fun loving 50 yrs +. This was our third trip to the Dominican Republic. We have never written a review but we feel compelled to do so now. The hotel and grounds were beautiful. Hotel staff was good. The hotel was too large, you had to take a tram to the beach, pool  meals. Rooms were adequate but ours were next to the tram road and we had no privacy on our balconys. Make sure you get a more secluded spot. It seems there were 3 hotels on this site. You were not allowed to go to every pool or restaurant. All employees had their hands out for tips. If you want service on the beach be prepared to tip for every drink. The lounges at the pools and the beach were on short supply, go very early to reserve a spot. The hotel seemed to cater to Canadians, Americans were 2nd class. Unusual since we tipped so well. If you take a tour or excursion BEWARE. Use a credit card to pay. We paid cash and the money is a temptation that poor people can't resist. The Hotel will not notify authorities when you are ripped off nor will the employees bring a manager when demanded.Food was adaquate. Our plan included 2 specialty restaurants but they were booked solid (no openings). We enjoy music  entertainment (non existant in this hotel). Go to Mexico and get 100% more for your money.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Large, beautiful resort We had a great trip,food delicious and service from the staff wonderful. They couldn't do enough for you.There was a langage problem,but they try so hard to help you. The beach was so long and beauitful,the water was as warm as the bath tub.There was pools down by the beach,but they were always so busy. I always went to the pool that was in the middle of the resort,wasn't as busy. The water in pools was just like walking in the tub.The swim up bar was the greatest.Very few bugs down there,more bugs flying around here. The good doctor told me to take a bug spray with deet into it,(bad allergies to bugs),well i did. But at the airport in halifax when you check your luggage in ,they ask you if you have any bug spray with deet. Well i said no, and took my chances.You are not allow to take bug spray with deet. And mind was pump spray. When i arrived down there,mind was still in my suitcase that went under plane. But i do know other ppl that was with us lost theres.I recommend to pour bug spray in plain pum spray bottles. I would go back here again....  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sorry to say, but I was let down First, I just want to say that I did not hate this resort. I just felt very let-down. I read all 569 reviews that were posted at the time of our departure. There were only a few negative posts, so I was feeling pretty pumped about this trip. I am 33 and finally met the lady that I am planning on spending the rest of my life with. I asked her while we were down at this resort. That went very well, which I guess is the most important thing for me.However, The resort left me wanting more. More service, more choices on beer (only one - Presidente), faster responses to needs. My fiance had never been on a trip in her live, so she was blown away by everything. I have traveled to every continent and feel that I am a good judge of people and climates (being the atmosphere). I am feel that if I pay a pretty penny, then I should get pretty good service. I found myself having to find a server and run around way to much, to be on a all inclusive resort. That is one of the major selling points for me. If you have never been to The a mexican resort and have not been spoiled, then this might be nice for your first venture into the all inclusive. However if you have done this before, then I really feel that you will be left disappointed. The resort was beautiful and well kept, but you can get that really anywhere for what you pay. The service at any resort will stand out long after you have left for home. The people, the culture, the feeling of being welcomed. I tipped even though you did not have to. I stopped after a few days, b/c the service did not warrant the extra $. So that is my story and I am sticking to it!!!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>canuck52
<Content>Fantastic Vacation - Paul  My wife and I, along with another couple stayed at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana at the beginning of March this year, and we all had a fantastic time. We travel quite a bit, and this was our third trip to Punta Cana (previously stayed at the Catalonia, and Bavaro Beach Resort), and definitely the best.Flight:We booked through Air Transat, and decided to treat ourselves to their Club Class seating, and was it worth it. You get priority check in, priority baggage (your bags are always the first off the plane), luxury seating with full meal and beverage service. Once you try it, you'll never be able to go back to the cramped economy seats. We left on time and arrived early. The return was just as good, leaving early, and arriving home early.Check In:We had booked the Gold Club package, and were pleasantly surprised when we were checked in on the bus, given our coloured bracelets, and all the information we needed about the hotel. When we arrived, we were driven to the room and our bags carried in. The Gold Club has its own private concierge to book your ala carte dinners and provide any service you want. There is a small bar with premium drinks, and two internet stations that you can use for free. Another plus to the Gold Club is that your rooms are closest to the beach, and you are provided beach towels in your room every day.Room:What can I say, the rooms are beautiful. We were in room 20108 (ground floor) facing a section of the beach. The bathroom is huge, with a large jacuzzi tub and all done in marble. The patio was a fair size with table and chairs, and fenced in so that you had privacy. Maid service was perfect, and the room was kept spotless the entire time we were down. Our minifridge, was stocked with 2 beers, sodas and water, and when we left a note asking for some extra beers, we returned to find 8 beers. We never saw any ants or mosquitoes the entire stay.Beach :Heaven. The water is crystal clear, with white soft sand. No rocks and very little seaweed. For the most part the water is very calm with hardly any waves. Even on one very windy day the waves were very mild due to the coral reef which protects the area. The resort was completely full when we were there, and we did have to get up early to reserve our palapas, but only beacause we wanted to stay in the area near our room. There are plenty of palapas if you don't care where you sit.Pool:We didn't use the pool that much as we are beach people, but it was great when we did. Again, you may have to get up early to get the best loungers, but there are plenty to be had.Food:I don't care what anyone else says, but the food was great. The buffet breakfast at the main buffet is huge with everything from fresh made omelets(fantastic) to cheeses, cold cuts, an amazing assortment of buns and bread, fresh fruit, yogurt etc.We mainly lunched at one of the four beach buffets, where you could get excellent grilled chicken, ribs, pizza, paella, hot dogs, hamburgers. The evening buffet was the highlight for me. So many choices ham, pork, chicken, shrimp, smoked salmon, fresh pasta.We also tried the ala cartes - Japanese - fun, but I've had better; Mexican - very good - great appetizer table; Gourmet - very good, but they had a tendency to slight overcook the lobster.Bars:Again, great. Although the resort was full, we never had a problem getting a drink or a place at the bar. We mainly frequented at the Lobby Bar because of the wonderful bartenders German, Ramon and Miguelina. Drinks were strong, with a huge variety (try the Dirty Monket or mamawana). Staff:This is where a vacation is made or lost, and the staff here made our vacation. The people are so friendly, and eager to make your vacation enjoyable. You don't have to tip, but they desrve it. The service and fun you get from them makes the whole vacation.Grounds:Huge, beautiful and immaculate. They are always cleaning, replanting, trimming. It really is a garden oasis. The only drawback is that it is huge, and a good 15 to 20 minute walk from the beach to the main building. However, they have gotten around this with an mini tram system that is continually running from the lobby to the beach. Just hop on and ride back.Overall, I would not hesitate to recommend this resort to anyone who wants a luxury vacation. I know we are going back in November.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Caribbean Hotspot This was my first time visiting the Dominican Republic and I have no complaints. The resort was very luxurious and clean and the people were more than friendly. The beach is perfect. As far as entertainment goes at the Bahia Principe it has much to offer. I would say the dinners and lobby entertainment were the best attractions. You have to make atleast one trip to the spa. This was also my first time getting a massage. Ill just say it was interesting and something to experience. Overall I was very impressed with this resort.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DiverDoug
<Content>A Diver's Perspective My wife and I (both in our 50's) returned March 14th from a 13 day holiday at the Bahia. Why 13 days and not two weeks? More about this later!We loved the Bahia. Great room, fabulous/spacious resort, great personnel, good service, good food and a fantastic beach. All the positive things we read about it were true. Sure there was a few glitches but nothing to get bent out of shape over. Bugs were minimal and the notorious sewer smell was faint and rarely noticeable. We stayed in the Golden Club section which is near the beach. We thought it was worth it for the access to the dive shop and those 6:00 am trips to reserve a palapa.The dive shop is run by Scuba Caribe (see pictures)and is very busy with four dive trips a day and teaching. They are very safety conscious and attentive to their client's needs. We have nothing but good words for their staff. The dive masters are Chris, Barb and Jorge. All are excellent. My wife got certified by Barb over a 5 day period. She makes sure you know your stuff. In terms of underwater visibility and aquatic life we would rate the Punta Cana area somewhere inbetween the Mexican Pacific coast and the Mayan Riviera. The most challenging dives were the Astron Wreck and Cavernas. The rest were fairly easy. We did a one day, two tank trip to Catalina Island on the Caribbean side of the DR near La Romana. The diving here was both easy and spectacular, the equal of anywhere else we have been.Our only beef is with Air Transat. Their seats are very cramped and they cut back our two week vacation to thirteen days virtually at the last minute. They said this was necessary to save costs by combining our return flight to Saskatoon with the one to Winnipeg. They offered no compensation other than to refund a nights hotel and no alternative except to cancel our entire vacation. In our opinion cutting into a customer's vacation time should be a last resort and if its really necessary, then they should explain why upfront, offer an apology and some form of compensation. In our experience charters flown by Westjet have been the best. The seats are roomy, they have individual seat-back TV's and best of all they have kept to their schedule.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rscbedford
<Content>Fantastic Resort My family and I returned very early this morning from the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana. We had the most amazing week imaginable.Weather - The weather was hot and sunny every day. When we did have an occasional cloud, it was a nice break from the intense heat. That's what we went for and we weren't disappointed.Staff - The staff couldn't have been more friendly and helpful. Dominican people are just naturally nice and they went out of their way to make sure our stay was incredible. The only people I had problems with were the ones who felt that paying for an all inclusive meant it gave them the right to treat others with little or no respect. I mind when people butt in front of me in line and I was disgusted by elitists who treated the staff like dirt. That said, use some common decency and have some manners and you'll be welcomed with open arms.Food - The food was delicious. If you couldn't find something you liked, then you just can't be pleased! Our favorite restaurant, by far, was the Japanese. We weren't nuts about the Garden Grill (Steakhouse). The Beach/Pools - The beach is gorgeous. Miles of white tropical sandy beaches. The pools are meticulous and there are always lots of activities. Play bingo with Manuel by the main pool and be prepared to laugh yourself silly. No blah, blah, blah, No ha, ha, ha. No pee pee ca ca in the pool Pueblo Principe - This is the shopping area located on site. There are lots of stores selling souvenirs so you don't have to leave the resort at all. The men selling at the booths are kind of pushy but you can beat them down if you are into that sort of thing. I'd prefer to pay a few dollars more in the shops and be left alone.Drawbacks - Very few. We hardly saw any bugs at all. If I had one major complaint, it was the smell in one section of the buffet and lobby on the Bavaro side. I think it was sewage but I can't be sure because it's not really close to a washroom. Whatever it is, it's unpleasant. If you go into the buffet, ask them to seat you on the right. Trust me, and you'll know what I mean when you get there. Rosemary is usually working and she is just lovely and incredibly friendly. One last piece of advice. I emailed the resort a few times before we went and asked, very nicely, if I could get an ocean view and third floor room. When we arrived, we discovered we had been upgraded to the club golden section, in villa 9....third floor....ocean view. The resort is huge, more like a town. Tram cars make it easy to get around and I never felt trapped on a resort. We had a fantastic time and If you bring your manners with you, you will too.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>welcome to paradise Mu husband and I just returned from our march break stay at the Bahia Principe(March 11-18).I really don't know how anyone can complain about this place it was an amazing resort. It was really clean, beautifully landscaped and well maintained. The food was really good and the service was excellent. After reading many of the comments before I left I was a little worried but trust me do not listen to any of these picky complainers because I don't think that they would know how to appreciate anything. The workers did not know very much English but I think that they tried their best. Our maid filled our bath with flowers and bubbles and she made fancy things out of towels and left it on our bed (swans, umbrella) etc. The pools and the beach were great and clean. I also found chairs at both locations after 1:00 p.m. so don't worry.I stayed in the diamond section building #26 it was located in the perfect spot close to everything. I don't know if it was worth paying the extra money because you really don't get anything extra except for 1 a la carte meal. I thought for march break it would be very crowed but it was not at all. This is the advantage of being on a large resort everyone is spread out. I can't believe some people complained about the size. All you have to remember is a couple hot spots the rest of the resort is just rooms get over it! The hot spots are the main pool area, the beach, the two pools in the center and the lobby area and the pueblo principe village. Is that so hard. The trans (trolly) runs every 3 minutes. I would highly recommend this place. Do not listen to the picky fussy people who wouldn't know a good thing if it hit them. I hope to return soon!!! I loved it.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>leavinNYC
<Content>Great facilities, but horrible service My wife and I went for a short 4 day stay at this hotel recently. The only other time I have been in Punta Cana, we stayed at the Melia Tropical. This hotels facilities definitely compare very well with the Melia. It is more modern. The rooms are larger, with much, much nicer bathrooms. I have the same complaints I had at the Melia in this hotel as well. The first main problem is that you can get nothing at night as far as drinks without tipping NYC style tips. It is ridiculous. You absolutely cannot get anyone's attention without flashing at least 1-2 dollars per drink per round. This adds up quickly. The bars during the day were much better in this regard, but at night, forget it. It became such a hassle to get a drink that we soon just bagged the whole thing.The food in the restauruants is horrible as well. We had dinner one night in the French rest. and I had a lobster that was brown as leather and tasted so horrible that I had to spit it out. My wife had to return her food several times to get it right. We resorted to the buffet dinners eventually as this became the safest bet. All of our party, which were at least 10 people became sick at the end of the trip. They all got diarhea and vomiting. It is not clear to me if that is the cause of the change of food/water, or actually some sort of contamination. I have to say that I was forced to use the staff bathrooms at the beach one day, and there was not soap or water in the bathroom so I guess you can draw your own conclusion.I would go back if I was to go to Punta Cana, but we are determined to not go back to the Dominican Republic. I get the distinct feeling that this is the overall state of being for these resorts. I think you get what you pay for. I think I would recommend Jamaica or Cancun for low priced resort all inclusive travel. I am really going to start to look for no-tipping all inclusive resorts, because the tipping thing just burns me up not so much for the money aspect, but just that it is impossible to get things without constantly greasing palms.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>KAWS
<Content>Bahia Principe Bavaro Just got back from Bahia Principe Bavaro yesterday afternoon. We were there from March 11-18th. Today I'm suffering extreme beach and bahia withdrawal! Let me start with the total rating. I wish there was something between four and five gold balls to rate the place. The ONLY thing holding me back from the five stars was that the property is not beach front. That would have been the only thing that would have made it earn the total five golds.Where to start? The property, as people have often said, it totally beautiful as is the beach. It's immaculately kept and those workers just don't stop. Amazing. We were in bungalow 34 which is about the middle of the resort. Perfect. We were on the third floor and overlooked a pool. Our friends overlooked another pool and were in the same building on the same floor. Choice location. Note: I had emailed the resort and asked for a beach or pool view, close to each other and 2nd or 3rd floor. Totally got what we asked for and more. There were also gifts of tshirts and rum waiting for us.Room was lovely and huge. A towel animal greeted us on the bed. The room was immaculate too. No smells, no bugs, just clean and inviting.Bus trams available at all time to take us to and from the beach. You never have to wait more than a minute for one and you don't have to walk far to find a bus stop. We sometimes chose to walk only because it was the only thing we actually MOVED for (except for the bathroom and a drink of course).Food: I simply cannot understand some of the reviews that said they didn't like the food. First of all, I have never in my life, seen more food than I saw this week! The selection for every meal was incredible. There were ready made things at the buffet and also stations where you could get things made up for you (pasta selections, omelets, etc.). The food that was there and premade was constantly monitored and freshened. The servers were attentive and constantly filled up water glasses, wine glasses, offered various beverages, etc. Very attentive in my opinion - with or without a tip. If you go hungry eating at any of the buffets (huge one in the lobby area and two others inside the mexican and seafood restaurants for breakie and lunch as well as numerous others for lunch), you deserve to be; there simply was no reason. Ask the five extra pounds on my back end! LOLThe a la carte restaurants that we went to were superbe. Our favourites were the Mexican and the Italian. I made arrangements for a birthday cake to be delivered to my friend (complimentary of course) at the Italian and the entire serving staff at the restaurant did a very enthusiastic dance and singing routine that would have rivalled anything here back in Canada. At the end, each and every one of them gave her a hug and their best wishes. OUTSTANDING. The third a la carte we went to was the Japanese. While this was a very special experience too, they did rush us through the room where the meal was cooked and served. You move to a second table for dessert and coffee and you could stay there as long as you wished. I didn't like the rush service and mentioned it to guest services the next day. We were offered another reservation to try again, but declined. That night when I returned to my room there was an enormous bouquet of flowers in our room AND in our friends room as an apology. Forgiven - totally.The beach and pools were exceptional. The pools were so clean and refreshing and so many of them!! The beach was something you only see in postcards. Couldn't ask for more.Shows: Not outstanding but you can't beat their enthusiasm. They try so hard and they were entertaining. I did find though that most of the time we were too tired and stuffed to actually sit there. Walking around was better or sprawling out and relaxing in each others' rooms with a drink was more our style.Outings: Two wonderful outings were enjoyed by us. Outback Safari was our first one. This was so much fun and we learned a lot about the people of DR and what proud and dignified people they are. We had a great lunch at the ranch and then ended our day with boogey boarding (which I reall stunk at by the way and didn't care one bit) at a beautiful private beach called Macao Beach. The other outing was called the Caribbean Festival and is a lot like the Marinarium outing. Ours was with our tour group though and this is what Signature offered. It was the trip to go and see/feed the sharks and stingrays and also a chance to go snorkelling. There was this one guide there that took me under his wing (knowing I wasn't a strong swimmer) and never let me out of his sight. He took my camera and dove for incredible, close up pictures for me and made sure I made it safely back to the boat. I was grateful for his kindness.Shopping: There is shopping at the little Principe Mall but the local vendors also come on Friday night. We had a great time shopping for souveniers. We bought our share of goodies. There was also an opportunity to shop for stuff on the Outback trip and I much preferred to do that shopping.Spa: My girlfriend and I went for massages. Ahhh lovely. We each booked an hour long full body massage. It was great for $64 US for the hour - most reasonable I thought. If you chose to have one at the many pool palapas then the price was 10% less, but we wanted the air conditioned spa experience. We both loved our time there and felt we got our money's worth. They were on time with our treatments and added to our stressfree joy.Language: We made attempts to speak our paltry few words of spanish that we knew. We know more now for sure, with their help. But we didn't encounter ONE single person that didn't know how to speak at least as much spanish that we knew english. Most of the servers and bar tenders were fluent. Again - who are these people talking about when they say the staff don't speak English? We didn't find them. A smile worked for everything; theirs and ours. We were treated with total kindness and in turn, we did the same. This is a wonderful hotel and as I said before if it wasn't for the fact that this is not a beach FRONT place (which in reality we knew before we went but just couldn't somehow picture it), it would have received the full five golden ranks from us.Do NOT hesitate to go. These people work so hard to make sure you have a wonderful time and seem so genuinely happy when you tell them or show them that you are happy. Please do not hesitate to email me if you have any questions. I'd be most pleased to answer you.Kim  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>professional Ontario traveller
<Content>Great March Break We just got back from our stay at the Bahai Principe. My husband, myself, our 6 year old boy and 9 year old girl went with 4 other adults, and 3 other children. The ONLY complaint I have is the mosquitos in our 1st floor room (building 39 which is directly across from the lobby lounge area). Had I known that bug spray every night wouldn't make a difference, I think maybe I would have changed rooms.  Here are the highlights: We enjoyed the middle pool more because we had younger kids and it wasn't as loud as the pool by the beach. Also it seemed less crowded and more family friendly. But the pool by the beach is huge and has various kinds of entertainment going on so it gives you something to watch, and other members of our group enjoyed time at that pool.They got up early (6:30) to save lounge chairs with shade. Our kids both burned quite badly despite 45 sunscreen. Our little guy ended up wearing a long-sleeved shirt in the pool, but he didn't care. We also ended up getting up early so we could save lounge chairs at the middle pool so our kids could have shade time. Apparently it's the same thing on the beach, but we usually went to the beach later in the afternoon and always found lounge chairs and just dragged them around to where we wanted them. We ate at 3 of the restaurants and our favourite was the Mexican, although other members of the group also thought the Japanese was the best. We all rated the Italian 3rd. The deep dish pizza is odd and contains hard boiled egg, for what it's worth. The staff was fabulous, friendly, tried very hard to communicate, were very sweet to our kids, and our maid was great. I wrote a note asking for more towels (used the little passport booklet to get the basic words) and more pillows (drew a picture of that) and everything was there the next day. Then when I wrote a note asking for more bottled water, she not only gave us tons more of that, but stocked our mini bar with lots of bottled beer (in addition to the pop). Our kids enjoyed a bit of tv time and the channels had some english cartoons and kids tv, but my son also wanted to watch Spanish cartoons (didn't understand a word, but again, didn't care). We experienced a problem with our toilet on two separate occasions (overflowed and wouldn't flush), which you might think would be a big problem, but after calling, help literally arrived within moments and the problem was solved. (can you say that about a plumbing problem at your own home?) O.K., the thing about the mysterious smell in the buffet...Yes something smells funny. Is it sewage? No, I don't think so. Does it ruin your meal? No. I was really aware of it the first couple of times we went in there, but after that I really didn't care (my husband didn't even notice and said Is that a flower? Cleaning solution? Perfume?). Everyone talks about the beauty of the resort and beach, so you already know that. The drinks are almost all slushy based, but fine anyway. Banana Mamas are nice and the kids really liked Coco Locos and Chocolate Monkeys which my 6 yr old asked for with no rum. We did not shop much, but there are all of these little shops set up like a village just outside of the lobby. If your daughter (or you) wants her hair braided, go down to the beach and head left to a little hut. The ladies show up at 10:00 a.m. and the going rate is $20 American for half a head, meaning just having the front braided and some braids hanging down the back. Or, $40 American for the whole head. They'll start higher, but settle at that price. The braiding at the pool is ridiculously expensive. Or you can go the beach and turn right and go just past where the scuba gear is. They ask about the same price. The nightly entertainment wasn't an issue for us because we turned in earlier than that. In our building, we could hear all of the music and noise from the nightly entertainment. If I was at home it would have driven me nuts and kept me awake, but when you've been outside in the sun and the water all day, you just fall asleep. We left tips (1 to 3 $)everyday for our maid as well as little trinkets and things. Our room was always done by lunch time and I never ever felt like my things were not safe. (we paid for a safe for our passports and $) but costume jewelry, makeup, kids' toys all were on display and nothing went missing. We travelled with Signature and one day we got 3 t-shirts and a little bottle of rum. Another day we were brought a plate of fruit to our room. We had a room in the building right across from the people we travelled with so that worked out well. Nobody at the resort was drunk and disorderly, there were lots of families as well as couples. We did not upgrade and didn't feel that we needed to. We actually went into a Club Diamond room and apart from the colour of the headboard and dresser, it was exactly like ours (and their room still hadn't been cleaned by mid afternoon!) They got to use the pool with the wooden lounge chairs and could eat breakfast and lunch at the Italian restaurant, but they said the food was basically the same as the buffet, but with fewer options. So you might want to think twice about upgrading. Would we go there again? No, but only because we want to try a different place in the Carribean next time (have done Dominican Repub. 3 times now).  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Looky, Looky! What can I say that hasn't already been said... it's a wonderful place! Thank goodness for those little shuttles that cart you everywhere, cause this place is huge! The beach is wonderful, and even though people get up at 6am to reserve their chairs, they have plenty on the beach so you can show up at anytime and find a spot (unless you want one of those parasols, then you better set your alarm clock nice and early!)The food was good, although some of the theme nights were a little exotic for someone who is a picky eater.The service was great, no complaints there. Just watch out for the bugs, they hide in the pants in the lobby bar.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You'll want for nothing We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe from Feb. 16 to Mar. 2. Now that we've had some time..........Flights: We booked with Transat Holidays and stayed in the Golden Club section. I would suggest to people flying from western Canada to find another carrier as the plane and the service from the flight attendants to be very poor. They actually ran out of drinking water on the return trip. Eight and one half hours stuck on one of their planes is pure torture, this was a common complaint, not just ours. A word of caution to people - Air Transat does not weigh your luggage going down, they weigh it upon your departure from Punta Cana. We were found to be 7 kg over the limit and paid an extra $43.00 US before we could leave. We found this strange as we left alot of books and misc. things (travel mugs/sun tan lotion) behind and only brought a couple of t-shirts back. I guess the only positive comment I can make about Air Transat is that the flights were on time.Check-In: As mentioned by others we were checked-in on the bus as we travelled to the hotel, very quick and easy. The people in Club Golden were very helpful. You do have to pay for the room safe but this should not come as any suprise as it is mentioned in all the brochures. Either rent it or don't, live with it.Room: Very nice room, bottom floor of #21. We had a few mosquitoes but no big deal (don't forget where you are). Always kept clean by the maid. Fresh beach towels, bed turned down, and chocolates on our pillows every evening. We left some trinkets and tipped $2.00 each day but we don't know whether it would have made a difference or not.Food: The breakfast, lunch, and dinner buffets had something for everybody. The dinner buffets had a huge selection and every night had a different theme. We dined at five of the a la carte restaurants - Beach Grill, El Charros Mexican, Italian, Steak House, French. The Mexican was a little disappointing but we enjoyed the others. In all very good. In other reviews I've seen some people report illnesses. During our stay we noticed several guests handle food, plates, and utensils then put them back. Maybe???? Who knows. Not once did we have any health problems.Service: We never had any problem with the people in the hotel. Sure, sometimes it took a couple of try's but we were in their country, so it's not their fault if we didn't speak Spanish. The workers in the bars, restaurants always seemed to want to take care of the guests, even the rude ones.Beach: Fantastic. White sand and warm blue ocean - great for walking. We got to the beach between 7:30 and 8:00 each morning and got a hut so we could have some shade. The left side of the beach always had loungers throughout the day. The only problem we noticed was some Europeans would come down to the beach around 1:00 in the afternoon and feel it was OK to remove other guests belongings and take the spots. We are beach types so we can't comment on the pools, they did however, look nice and never seemed to be crowded.We prefer the Mayan Riviera but if someone were going to Punta Cana we would definitely recommend the hotel, just not Air Transat. We read the reviews of this resort ahead of time and were a little wary because of some of the negative comments, but after being there we can say you can put more faith in the positive comments. So just relax and go!!!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One great vacation!       A friendly greeting!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it I am 14 years old and I just got back from the best vacation of my life!It was awesome because my family went over spring break so I met tons of other teenagers and we had a blast! It was super fun! There are tons of things to do all over the resort, the only thing that [--] was that they were spread really far apart so sometimes it was a long walk/bus ride. The food was very good and there were many options. The pools were great because there were so many different ones that if you wanted it to be quiet, you could find a pool that was like that. If you go on vacation with teenagers, make sure you go when other kids will be around for them to interact with. Otherwize, I would have died of boredom! Also don't make a curfew for 12:00 like my parents did because the disco starts at 12! (Oh well it's not like we could've gotten in anyways it's only for adults). What they need to work on is night time entertainment for kids because we had absolutely nothing to do at night: the pools closed at 6:00, and everything opened at like midnight. Teenagers were kinda stuck with nothing to do so at night so it kinda [--]. Bring books and stuff to do because they barely have any english tv.Other then that it was great. You should check out this place and try their delicious spanish cofees!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>March Break, 2 families: great place! I couldn't agree more with all the other reviewers who loved this place. It definitely rates among one of the top three resort destinations I've visited in the past 20 years. I won't repeat too much content you've already seen - just be happy you made the right choice, whether you're traveling alone, as a couple or with another family (as we did: 4 adults, 3 10 year-old girls and a teenage boy).Canadian Tour operators offer varied service packages, but you still end up using as much or as little of this huge sprawling complex as you need to. We requested and received (for both families) an extra 脿 la carte since there were issues with reprogramming of many of the room e-locks and in-room safes. We politely but firmly expressed our disapointment in the lack of transparency at the front desk while they knew there was a problem with access to many rooms... All in all, the staff is extremely professional, polite  caring. If you need a problem or issue resolved quickly, go to Guest Services (in addition to the Front Desk). There is plenty of room and boundless activity in and around this beautiful part of the D.R. It is also markedly more commercial than in the Holguin, Cuba area, but less so than in Mexico or Spain for example. Restaurants are amazing and service is best in class. No worries about the food at all - yes, even salads and fruits.A few tips: the sun is HOT... saw lots of very red patches of skin walking around on our 2nd day - use the sunscreen liberally. Of note, many people found the interesting temporary painted-on tatoo tent (+/- 15$USD) near the Diamond pool... suggest you wait until you're tanned, perhaps the last few days of the trip, since you can't use sunscreen on or around the tatoo!Sailing - included, but note that reservations have got to be made very early! There was always a next-day booking list, but lots of people don't show up - so you can hang around for a few minutes on the hour -and ask to take one out. They are relatively slow catamarans and don't point upwind very well - so if you've never sailed, please let other sailors take you, or ask for a lesson.Also, do pay the 5$ insurance - it's better than paying 50$ for a broken turnbuckle.Market: The Pueblo Principe is a nice respite from the resort, and is part and parcel of the complex. Vendors are extremely negotiable - fortunately for us my buddy's wife is a master negotiator... we learned a lot (and stuck to our guns). Kids had the most fun buying trinkets and 'getting a good deal' ! Also take a 30 Min. walk down the beach to the tiendas - that's always fun, and you get to see other hotel complexes on the way - you'll feel very good about your choice! There were bugs and mosquitoes, as in any tropical climate... word to the wise: they like perfume as much as you do, so, take the hint! We carried Kid's formula 'OFF' which worked extremely well (and we wore no aftershave or perfume).Go snorkeling, take a banana boat ride, get out to the scuttled ship (the Alstrom), preferably in lower wind conditions... Our friends and our kids enjoyed this place - we felt very safe and had a great time.Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation Ever! I highly recommend the Bahia Resort. There is something for everyone there. It is a well accommodated beautiful resort. It is on the nicest stretch of beach in Punta Cana with white sand and aqua blue water. I cannot say enough good things about this place. The food was excellent, especially the Japanese Restaurant. What a treat! The buffets are very good as well. Entertainment is everywhere and you don't have to wait until 10pm before it starts. The rooms are clean and the staff is very friendly. We tipped when we wanted to but it really wasn't necessary as we got good service everywhere. There is plenty of shopping in the resort village and just down the beach at the Market so you don't have to leave the resort for anything. I even forgot to take my contact solution and they had the Wal-Mart brand (Equate) in the Lobby store for about the same price I'd pay in Canada. I'm going back next year as I know I'm guaranteed a great holiday. I hope you take a chance on this place. You won't regret it!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok, but not great Gran Bahia Principe, Punta Cana, Club GoldenFebruary 25 - March 4/052 adults (40s - 50s)Flight: West Jet, from Halifax. Excellent flight - more leg room than with Canjet, and the staff were wonderful - joking around, smiling and pleasant.Check in: Dreadful. They messed up the room key/safety deposit box, which took nearly 2 hours to clear up. We also had to take the luggage ourselves, since there wasn't anyone available to take it (and they couldn't say when it might get there - sometime before the night - not good at noon).Check out: Even worse. The Club Golden rep disappeared when several people showed up to check out. My husband ended up going to the front desk instead - and they were very helpful. There was major confusion and delays over buses to the airport, with the club golden rep telling everyone the wrong information. Do yourself a favour and avoid ROSE at all costs. Not only is she rude, but she doesn't seem to know what's going on.Hotel: Very big, nicely landscaped, very clean. Room: Big, clean. However, despite leaving tips, the room service wasn't good - no towels or water one day, no towels the next, turn down service only twice, etc. Suggestion: keep your beach towels each day - don't rely on the turn down service to bring fresh ones for the next day, just in case.  Beach: Lovely. If you want to get chairs with shade, you need to reserve them early - we normally dropped our towels off on the way to breakfast at 7:45 - 8:00am, and never had a problem finding ones in a place we wanted. The sea was excellent - good waves.Pools: We tried all the pools - the club diamond had very comfortable chairs, but it was too quiet for us. The main pool suited us better. However, we spent most of the time on the beach.Food: The food in the buffets was good - a good variety and we always found something tasty to eat. We tried the main buffet, and also the breakfast/lunch buffet in the seafood restaurant. Although there was less selection in the seafood location, it was smaller and quieter, and was nicer than the main buffet. We tried the French, Seafood, Japanese and Grill restaurants. The French was our favourite (good food, good service), followed by the Grill (fabulous steak - best I've had in quite a while). Bars: The service in the bars was always good, but most bartenders did not know how to make anything but the most basic of drinks - which all came from the slush machines. The exception was the two piano bars - the drinks menu is extensive, and they were open to trying alternatives. Also, make sure to tell them if you want rum in your drink, or you may not get it.Staff: We found most staff to be very friendly and helpful. The exceptions were the Spa staff, and the Club Golden staff.Entertainment: As with every other AI we've been too - it was awful! But this was one of the worst - a lot of audience participation, but they dragged things out too long. And don't expect the shows to start on time - they were anything up to an hour late.Would we go back: No. Unfortunately we had a bad start, and end to the vacation, which has soured us somewhat. We did enjoy ourselves (we always make the best of the situation, and have a good time), but we won't go back. Nor will we go to the Dominican Republic either - we found Mexico (Mayan Riviera) much more enjoyable - more history and culture to explore, and more off-resort activities to suit our tastes.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>GreatWhiteMark
<Content>Beautiful Resort - Super time was had by all! Just got back from a weeks stay at the Bahia. We were travelling in a group of eight; four adults with a 13 year old boy, and three girls aged 10. Best way to review this place is to start at the lobby and make your way to the beach.However, first the airport. Have a pen with you in your carry on. You have to fill in immigration forms, one for each in group. Luggage out very quickly. Many people intimidated by luggage porters. A few firm no's are all that is needed. Give them the chance and they'll be off to your bus with your luggage. Important note on return to airport at end of trip. While one in you party gets bags, someone should be off the bus and in line as soon as possible. I felt the check-in process was very long and inefficient, even for the caribbean. Check in was a breeze. Greeted off the bus with women in traditional constume sporting refreshing drinks for the weary travellers. Always like this little touch. Lobby is absolutely breathtaking. A few things. They charge you for the safe in your room, we paid 26 US and I felt that this was really cheap on the hotel's part. Should have been included. Also, WATCH your step in the main lobby. Floors are beautiful marble, buffed each day, and you can't see the stairs. Seriously, this situation was just nuts and would not be tolerated in many places. Man I talked to took out half his face taking a tumble onto the marble floor. You'll see what I mean when you get there. RESORT IS HUGE, but trollies always running up and down middle of resort from beach to lobby. Pueblo Principe, shopping village, was a nice touch and offered a place to go at night. You can bargain with these guys. Tienda for gifts etc next to lobby. Keep for emergencies, you will find better prices. Food: In a nutshell loved it. Main buffet was absolutely awesome. Could not have asked for more. We breakfasted there everyday and all were impressed. Omellettes excellent, juices, fruit, great selection, and the kids loved the crepes. We suppered there 3 times as we had four a la cartes. Same story at dinner, even with group of eight, the longest we waited was about 5 minutes one night and we were there during peak weeks. Not much to add. You'll love it. We lunched most days at Olas 1 right near beach. More limited fare but was adequate for our group. Nice to just throw on sandles, not necessary and lunch near the surf. Again limited. Suggestion would be to go to El Charro Mexican which is about a 2 minute walk. Better selection and some in our group liked it. Note that you will need to put on at least a t-shirt,shorts, sandles, etc. as beach ware not permitted. As stated we had four a la cartes. My only comment on all the a la cartes is that they are geared towards adults with adult tastes. Menus are sophisticated and adults enjoyed while the kids needed to be adventurous. CHECK menus before you book. If you have the chance, try the Beach BBQ at Olas I. It is only held three times a week. Great BBQ, actually had a nice rib steak along with shrimp brochettes, chicken, pork, etc... Was nice touch being outdoors near the beach at night for supper. Mexican a la carte was also superb. Service was AWESOME. Felt like royalty. Food authentic and decor was stunning. Italian was so-so as far as I was concerned, alright but feel you may do better somewhere else. French had good reviews. Our fourth was the mediterannean. First class, food interesting and varied. Adults enjoyed, kids well.... All in all, food very good throughout the resort. Could not find a reason to complain. BUT others will I'm sure.Rooms: Beautiful. Bathrooms stunning. Heard lotsa complaints about mosquitos on first floor and can report that exagerated. Tried to switch, but stayed on first and was not disappointed. Saves on stumbling up stairs after a few Cuba Libres. Just use common sense and keep your doors, front and balcony closed as much as possible. We did have a few in room but not a problem. More at the cottage so you get my drift. Beds too soft, but day bed a little better for slab sleepers. Had quiet neighbours so can't report on noise (My main pet peeve). Party central next door would be a problem. Make sure mini bar stocked. Maids great and will stock bar with water, beer, softdrinks daily. We left a couple of dollars and a few knicks each day and left her twenty on departure. Other family had problems with card key for room. If this happens, get after them at once at front desk and keep after till problem fixed. Squeeky wheel gets....Pools: Must confess beach so nice didn't use pools too often. Middle pools in resort very quiet, good place to read book etc. Topless bathing not limited to beach, so be prepared for your 13 year old to get the odd eyefull!! hehe. Wasn't like that at the beach when I was a kid. Not as many as back in the day in DR, but again the odd one. (two I mean) Beach or main pool enormous. Kids loved it, nice touch with fountain in middle. Kinda resort that has stuff going on but you need to get up and find out. Note to rresort, get rid of the wooden planks that stop you from slipping crossing the bridges at pool and replace with plactic mats or something. Absolutely absurd and coupled with the lobby steps and invisible walls in pool, a lawyers dream of a resort. Take advantage of the free scuba lesson at pool. Show up at about 10:45. My son and I both enjoyed it.Beach: Gorgeous. Seems you need to get up at three am to reserve a chair under cover, but we managed on most days. Recommend getting up for sunrise if you can. Free and great for the kids. Also recommend getting water taxi to take you out to scuttled ship on reef. You can't miss this thing and the kids absolutely found it thrilling. We paid 30 US for seven of us to make the trip. I'd do it again if I could. If you are going to walk on beach, seems going south is the better way to go, market about 30 minute walk from resort. Swimming really nice, sandy bottom and no need for water shoes. I felt didn't offer as much snokeling as I like or am used to in Cuba, but reef is there if you wnat to risk life and limb. DON'T pass the swimming lines at beach even if you're tempted. Boats come by all the time and will take you out. We went to reef with excursion. Cost us 29 US per. Thrill for some if never done, but I felt it was a disappointment as far as reefs go. Was there 19 years ago and seemed better. Maybe was the day, who knows. We had 13 and 10 year old with us and they managed. Banana boat may be better use of funds for the kids. Reserve boats as early as possible.Shows: I felt them a tad above average, Cuba anyways, and actually watched a few. Great dancers and they are always practicing. Well attended mainly because there are so many guests.Bars: Service great at all bars and will fill whatever you want with whatever you want. Bar in lobby very nice. Felt all bars closing at 11 was too early. You need to go to Pueblo to get drink after that. Felt lobby bar should have been open till 12 at least. No hassles, nice crowd looking for a nice drink. Again, watch your step!!!Excursions: Only one I can comment on was my 13 year old and I did the Monster truck Safari. Highly recommend, nice blend between learning and seeing DR culture and rural lifestyle with bombing around in these huge Army personnel carriers from the 60's. Seems you go out farther afield on the monster trucks vs. the Outback and Bavaro runners but trade off with each. Go and you can be sure you will enjoy it. If you go bring lotsa dollar store stuff , school supplies, hats for the countless kids at the schools you stop at. SAVE some for what I understand were the Haitian kids at the sugar plantation we visited at the end of the trip. They seem to be in the most need. Great time and a real eye opener.A free trip that my buddy, my son and I took was a trip to the Don Lucas cigar factory. Free transport and since we planned on buying cigars, really enjoyed it. They give you a tour how they make their cigars, give you a sample of your preference to try, and a nice glass of DR or Haitian rum to wash it down. Ended up buying their House blend medium strength cigars which I felt were above average and a good buy at 75 US for 25 cigars. Just make sure you pester your ride back, we ended up waiting about an extra hour for him to return. Enjoyed it and fun if you need a small break from beach.All in all, really enjoyed our stay and would recommend resort to others. Beautiful, clean, a real joy at night as lighting is very beautiful. Beach is awesome. Food was above average for sure. Wine (Tinto) was plentiful. Kids loved it. No interest in kids club so can't comment. Rooms great. Will send additonal commnets if I think of any.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CocaToronto_Ontario
<Content>Got engaged on the beach in Punta Cana       the room at premier  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>beachbunn-e
<Content>Beautiful resort - definitely will return       the beautiful beach  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hockeydope
<Content>First Class all the way Bahia Principe Bavaro, this resort is the best one we have ever stayed at. We were in the area of the quiet pool, It was away from the beach at the other end of the resort. People believe me if you are going for a relaxing vacation and not wanting to participate in the daily noise and activities this is where you want to be. When we arrived we were treated like royalty from the beginning. They have trolley cars that take you from our end straight to the beach. The staff here are totally incredible and you could not ask for anything more. The rooms are very spacious and clean, they have minibars in your room that they keep stocked all the time without even asking. All of the food is great, very generous with their portions. If you have a chance go and check this resort out i will guarantee you that you will have a great time. We never had a problem with mosquitos at all.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous My husband and I have just returned from our honeymoon and all I can say is that this resort is awesome.People complain about the stupiest things.The food was great.The gourmet was our favorite.Booked it twice but missed the second dinner because the lobby bar was more important than eating.lol.Staff were more than accomadating and the weather was 30 plus for the 2 weeks that we were there.The ship wreck is certainly not an eyesore as some people seemed to think.Still wanting to put the canadian flag on it.The resort is huge but you never feel crowded and there is always a spot on the beach for you.Go down by the volleyball net and it's not so busy and you are close to the bar and eating lunch as well.Casino will take your money and not give it back so if you are up take the money and run.lol.We would return to this resort in a heart beat.Make sure you go to the lobby bar on the punta cana side and Daniel,micquelina,and Ramone will take good care of you.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>britgirlincanada
<Content>Just got back.... We have just returned from a week at this hotel - two adults and three teenagers. The hotel complex is very pleasant - clean, spacious rooms and nice landscaping around the grounds. The beach is beautiful and you can walk for miles (although we were surprised to see garbage among the trees when we walked left on the beach just before the next hotel complex.) Palapas for shade are plentiful.The entertainment is very bland and not up to standard for a 4.5 or 5 star hotel. The disco will not admit anyone who appears to be under 18 (even if they are accompanied by a parent), so be aware if you are bringing teenagers who are not quite 18 and want to dance after 11 pm. Basically the lobby bars shut down at 11 pm and you have to go to the Pueblo Principe (town square) if you want to continue the evening. This closes at 12 and then you can go to the disco. We found this was not great as the lobby bars were very comfortable and we would have liked to have the option to sit there later than 11 pm.The food varied alot. It was excellent at two of the four 脿 la carte restuarants we tried - the seafood and the beach grill at Las Olas. The Japanese used lots of salt - even for me who likes salt. The Mediterranean was also very salty although reasonably good. The buffet was a good choice as the selection was so large and the layout of the buffet restaurant is very spacious. At the beach the buffet food was left out all afternoon basically, although they try to cover the breads etc., but perhaps better to eat lunch early.Service everywhere was excellent and people were very friendly. As many others have written, many of the staff speak no English or French but still try to communicate with a smile. A few words of Spanish are very useful.Room service food - our children ordered burgers which we found were not well cooked and so they could not eat them. Specify well cooked if you order.The bad part of our trip was that all five members of our family became sick before the end of the holiday with a nasty gastro type virus which really put a damper on our trip. We saw the resort doctor who was very efficient and it was clear that we were not the only people coming down with this virus. I have since seen a health warning by Health Canada posted that there are many reports of novovirus from the Punta Cana area. We were just unlucky and I imagine this could have occurred in any hotel. We will not go back to this location as we generally prefer smaller resorts and more lively entertainment. However, the Bahia Principe is a good hotel which I would not hesitate to recommend.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Stella25
<Content>Bahia: Big and Beautiful       The beach  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous for families with young children We were at Club Diamond at Gran Bahia Principe Feb 21st-28th 2006. We brought my four year old son and feel because we brought him the staff catered to us even more so than if we had vacationed as a couple. Dominicans LOVE children and no matter where we went we were always welcomed with open arms and friendly greetings by the staff because we had our child with us.I read so many of these comments before I left I was feeling nervous about all of the bad, ugly and negative comments.First of all go on vacation with a positive attitude, manners, a few words of Spanish and a respect for others as part of your mindset and you will not be disappointed. We also ordered 100 US $1 bills prior to leaving Canada as well and were able to tip everybody effortlessly, we figured they'd all appreciate money more than anything else.Where can I start we had a spacious clean room with an ocean view that was not the ground floor and therefore had -0- bug bites but I was also really watchful in our room to spot any mosquitos and remove them immediately. We also enjoyed the jacuzzi bath and the King Sized bed. We'd tip our maid who would do beautiful towel art shapes and always left us fresh hibiscus and even the beer fridge guy who'd restock daily more beer if we chose or water or pop.My son however did get a fever of 104 our second day there; he was lethargic and just wanted to sleep all day. KELLY the Sunquest rep was FABULOUS!! She walked with us to the 24 hour doctor on call, in fact it was her idea to take my son in spite of him taking Ibuprofin and stayed with us for over 3 hours until she knew he had excellent medical care. We really appreciated her efforts which were above and beyond the call of duty in my opinion. He shook his fever that night started antibiotics and other than some asthma he was healthy for the rest of the vacation. Just having a doctor on site is such an asset especially with a young child.Back to the fun stuff Bavaro beach is breathtaking, 50 km's of white sand and turquoise water. The waves were lots of fun for us to play in and not violent whatsoever but not the ideal type of water to snorkel in. We created fabulous sand castles and yes there are a sea of topless ladies everywhere of every size and shape imaginable. Couldn't find shells anywhere the entire week and the sunrises were beautiful to enjoy in the morning. There is also an outdoor market on the beach you can enjoy 25 minute walk from the resort-You must bargain.The pools were amazing. The massive 400 ft pool ocean side is the party loud pool while the Golden and Diamond club and Premier pools still have partiers but less crowds; so you have your choice which is nice. At the Diamond Pool they would serve Sangria and champagne and OJ to start the day poolside and roll the cart around to everyone. The cocktails were always better made or should I say stronger at the Lobby Bar; the pool bars used alot of slushy as the base for all of the drinks and some seemed more watered down but that was good since the bartenders always seemed to be busy making sure you always had a refill. The hotel is massive but cut out so well you never really believe how many people are really staying there. We had -0- rain while we were there and I could not complain about septic odours or anything, anywhere really. Yes, you do have to claim your chairs early no matter where you go in the entire resort. Also enjoyed the free computer access in the Diamond Club. There is also a gentle breeze at all times which is always soothing and helps you tolerate the sun for longer than maybe you should.  We went to 5 of the a la carte restaurants.JAPANESE Maiko - beauty restaurant inside- I love Japanese but my husband had never eaten it so he enjoyed the tame version they served; it was great beginner Japanese. The GRILL - My husband loved the beef tenderloin while I had some type of medley mix of shrimps and meat and was not impressed.SEAFOOD El Pescador- I ate a 12 inch lobster - it was AMAZING and my husband thought the tuna was OK.MEDITTERANEAN - LOBSTER again; also fabulous and my husband enjoyed the steak again.FRENCH Le Petit Cafe- Surf and Turf(LOBSTER) for me and Filet mignon for my husband - both great just wished we could have had soup and salad.OK the a la cartes were great but the buffets were also fabulous; so many stations throughout the day and such a variety. My son likes the basics and enjoyed the food. He could get fresh fruit and juices pancakes, waffles, toast, cereal, yogourt, pizza, fries, chicken grilled or nuggets, hot dogs, pasta(made fresh), hamburgers, etc. which was great. The grilled chicken at the beach grills was fabulous and my husband loved the pizza at the Diamond Italian lunch buffet. I could eat seafood at every lunch and dinner and was ecstatic while my husband was happy with the meat and potato selection.The mini club which we finally went to on the last couple of days was great. Clean and always a varied program for the kids. You can go there from 9-6 or an hour here or there which is what we did. They had Harry Potter on as a movie; video games; beach activities, pool activities; ice cream party; always something. The mini club is right across from the Diamond Pool or just behind the Golden Club pool. There were 4 ladies working there and a couple spoke several languages to make sure all of the kids felt comfortable. At night they had a mini disco and again the kids had fun together, one evening we also enjoyed Bugs Bunny on the big screen in the outdoor theater. He also had his photo taken with an iguana on his head! The kids in his class thought that was VERY COOL! The gardens were lovely and also the moraine where you could spy fish, ducks and the 'big white bird'. The trolley/bus was great for the kids to take since the place is so massive and he didn't always want to walk everywhere. Also enjoyed mini putt.There is so much to do as a family. Even the little town Pueblo Principe has a few shops and one night a week a market, another night they had a Spanish night serving up Tequila, fresh taco's; Spanish music and games.We didn't have an opportunity to enjoy the late night life but we would absolutely go back to this resort again. Perhaps this time we would get a babysitter for one evening since they offer this service. We felt so welcomed, comfortable, well fed and safe in a tropical paradise. GO and BRING YOUR CHILDREN we don't regret going as a family at all. We all grew closer because this hotel was so fabulous and my son learned so much.I'm ready to book again today for next year!!!Safe and family friendly with lots to do set on a beautiful beach with kind people serving everywhere.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything amazing This is my second visit to the Bahia Principe Punta Cana/Bavaro.This place is nothing short of amazing. I have been to the BP San Juan and thought that was good but this surpasses it totally. Rooms are great really spacious and clean mini bar filled every day (free of charge.) The food is out of this world. I heard a many of the Candians saying that there wasn't a lot of choice and it was the same thing every day. When looking at their plates they had pork,beef,chicken,fish,paella,EVERYTHING on the buffet piled on. If you are going to try eat everything they have available on the buffet everyday, of course you are going to get duplication!!!! There were no cases of foo poisoning there either time I've been. You are in different country eating different food and a different climate. ou can expect not to have a slight upset tummy !!! Come on!!Al in all you can't fault this place. I have very high standards and this hotel is amazing.It can get a little noisy around the pool but this is nothing to do with the hotel or staff. It just seems that some other nationalities tend to talk 10 times louder than us Brits. Go!!! you wont regret it 24 hours a day al inclusive - including named brand spirit  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Impressive My husband  I (both 33 years old) returned from a one week stay @ Gran Bahia Punta Cana on Sunday Mar. 05. As other people have mentioned, the resort was huge, even for active people like us. We would have preferred that it be a little bit smaller with the main amenities closer together within less than 15 min. walking distance. Still, this did not take away from our enjoyment of this resort.The resort itself is honestly very pretty and well designed by any standard (not just for an all inclusive). As for the food: the buffets (main and beach), which you pretty much have to eat at for breakfast, lunch, and dinner except for three a la carte dinners, were edible. Nothing spectacular but there is variety and the fruits and vegetables are very fresh and delicious. Also ,the tuna salad believe it or not is fantastic. I was apprehensive at first to eat any raw veggies because of water related food poisoning but I risked it after a while and did not get sick at all. We were impressed by the quality, taste, and presentation of the food at the Japanese restaurant and the Gourmet French restaurants. At the Gourmet restaurant my husband had the filet mignon and it was very good. I ordered the surf and turf. The lobster was excellent, the steak was the strangest meat I've ever tasted, cross between liver and I really don't know what. One bite and that was it. The Grill was not very good. My husband  I had the bbq chicken and it came smothered in a very starchy corn chowder like substance, very odd. There was a large table beside us and they all ordered the mixed grill. After reading how terrible it was on this site my husband  I looked at eachother and said Uh Oh, trouble. Sure enough when their mixed grills came not one of the six people ate it and were very vocal about how astoundingly disgusting it was. I would advise making your a la carte dinner reservations all at once the day you get there right after you check in. That way you get exactly the days and times you want. Regarding the sewage smell, on our first day we mistakenly went to the buffet on the Bavaro side and there was an awful smell that so many reviewers reported. This was the only place that we smelt this and it was easily avoided by only going to the buffet and lobby bar on the Punta Cana side 鈥?that was the side our room was on but anyone can go to both buffets.The beach is beautiful and there are many palapas and loungers available. As other reviewers noted, you definately need to get down to the beach very early in the morning to reserve a lounger with towels (but only if you require a palapa). If you want to reserve spots close to the water you have to be at the beach no later than 7:15 a.m. If you are up then anyway then go for it. Otherwise I would suggest being there for 8:00 a.m. and you can reserve wonderful secluded spots with palapas at the far end of the Bavaro side. These spots are located to the left of the beach snack bars (if you are standing facing the beach)and to the left of the main pool. You can still go to the main pool and swim up bar and also have quick access to the bathrooms, two bars, two lunch buffets, ice cream stand (great but very, very slow) and be away from the noise of the entertainment crew. They can be very very noisy!!The spa was beautifully designed and the gym was well equipped. We had a couples relaxation massage which was wonderful. The overall service at the resort was great but a little slow which is to be expected on any island. Overall my husband  I would both recommend this resort to couples, families with children (there were many young couples with babies) and older couples as well as large groups which appeared to be accommodated and serviced effortlessly. Go to Bahia Principe and have a great time!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tooteep
<Content>Possibly a family resort not for couples Intro - From 19 Feb 鈥?5 Mar we spent one week at the Palladium Palace and the next at Bahia Principe. I chose Bahia second as I thought it was going to be the nicer of the two resorts, was I wrong. In Punta Cana we have stayed at Punta Cana Princess All Suites, Caribe Club Princess, Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort, Occidental Grand Flamenco and our favorite in PC Riu Taino (Palladium now ties). We have also stayed at Sandals Royal Hicacos Varadero, El Dorado Seaside Suites Mayan Riviera, Sunscape Casa Del Mar La Romana/Bayahibe, Tryp Cayo Coco, Grand Flamenco Occidental in Puerto Plata, Sun Palace Cancun and Aventura Spa Palace Mayan Riviera my two overall favorites with the latter being the nicest yet.Room - We took a taxi from Palladium Palace to Bahia Sun at noon. It cost 10 US. The main lobby directed us to the Air Transat Golden Club room. The check in was quick and bonus, our room was ready. A cart took us to our room, building 8. At first I didn鈥檛 like the location but later found we weren鈥檛 as far from the beach as I first thought. Building 01 is the closest to the beach. The room is very spacious. A sitting area on the far end. King bed as requested, desk area, fridge that was refilled daily and a coffee pot (we were given two pkgs to coffee the first day and never anymore). We had to pay for the safe (27.93 Cdn on my credit card) which I knew going in but think it is a rip off. You would think a resort would be happy to know its client鈥檚 valuables were safe and include this. The hot water and pressure were super. As someone else mentioned the drainage didn鈥檛 work well and a bath was available after our showers. For pressure like that I will tolerate slow drains. Now the half glass instead of a proper shower curtain was an issue. The floor was covered in water no matter which way we faced the shower nozzle. Unfortunately not enough towels were provided to soak up the water. The water filled our entire bathroom and was seeping into the hall by the time we were finished. A blessing was we had nighttime turn down so they would clean up the mess and provide more towels. I didn鈥檛 complain about this problem as I had read about it prior to leaving. Something was done because on the third day the leaking was cut in half. We think they re-caulked or something as it was never as bad after that. Our room was cleaned properly daily and as I mentioned in the evenings our bed was turned down, fresh beach towels provided and chocolates were left. I left $2 a day tip and it was acknowledged with flower pedals all over the room and one day even a face cloth was left. The lighting was very dim in the room. There were 5 鈥渕ood鈥?lights; two of ours were burnt out. There was not enough light to read by and certainly not enough to do hair or makeup in the room. The bathroom was well lit. The air conditioner cooled the room to a comfortable temperature. We like it cold for sleeping.Grounds and Beach 鈥?The grounds are well kept but not very interesting. At one end of the resort the lobbies, the other end pool and beach. In between are basically rooms with 2 more small pools in the middle. The walking from end to end is not that far 10 -15 min but not very remarkable. A typical day involved going down to the beach to reserve chairs, going to the far end of the resort for breakfast, going back to the other end to spend the day at the beach, going half way back through the resort to our room, back up to the front lobbies for a drink, back down to the beach end for a la carte dining, back up to the front for a nightcap and half way back through the resort to our room. A tram is provided and it does run regularly but is often full in the evenings. You may have to wait out a few full trams if you don鈥檛 want to walk. I love walking when we are at a resort but I like to do my walking at leisure and when I want to do it not out of necessity. There is one main road through this resort to walk from end to end. Basically you are walking past rooms, as I said rather boring. As others have mentioned everything in this resort is done in two鈥檚. There is the Bavaro side and Punta Cana side with no real distinction. The two lobbies sit back to back, separated on the backside by the shared theatre. Both lobbies are about the same size each has a bar, check in area, buffet restaurant, a couple a la cartes, a couple stores. It is hard to tell the two apart. In the middle of the resort two pools across the street from one another. At the other end one pool separated in 2, an Olas 1 and you got it an Olas II, which are beach restaurants, there is another pool/beach restaurant called Piscis and of course 2 restaurant that are buffets for breakfast and lunch and a la cartes for dinner. Beyond that the beach. The beach has a narrower section in the middle with a huge sandy wing on either end. While we were there shade huts were always available (not necessarily close to the water) but chairs by 11, 11:30 were hard to come by. We always stayed on the beach so can鈥檛 comment on the pools but they looked crowded. The layout of this resort brings everyone to the beach end during the day rendering it crowded and noisy. In the evening everyone is at the lobby end so it is crowded and noisy. We have stayed at many large resorts that have been very busy but at this resort we felt crowded. The first day we entered the beach on the right hand side of the resort (facing the water) we were greeted with the most seaweed we have ever seen in PC. Stepping on the bottom was a slimy mess and wading through was just as bad. The rest of the week we stayed to the left, at the wing off Olas and never encountered this problem again. We had crystal clear water and some playful waves. The public toilets were mostly marble, clean and well maintained. Food 鈥?Breakfast: Our first two mornings we ate at the two buffets at the beach. I voted this resort as the worse breakfast ever. No fresh grilled eggs only buffet food that wasn鈥檛 the proper temperature. What should have been hot was luke warm at best. We ate toast and bread. The one morning they were ready to serve us coffee but no clean cups. In 10 min or so clean cups came. Now before I could bash this place completely I thought it only fair we make the trek to the front and check out the main lobby buffet. This was a full-blown proper buffet with egg stations, fresh omelets, smoothies etc. So the option is there a little inconvenient to go to the front of the resort when you are anticipating getting to the beach, the farthest place away. Every buffet we ate at had bacon which seemed to be a complaint of previous reviewers.Lunch: Again the two buffets on the beach although more relaxed, less busy/hectic left a lot to be desired for the food. The hot food was hardly warm. The beach buffets offered good food but a small selection and were very busy.At one of the beach buffets they had employees scooping ice cream out. Now I know I am on vacation but even I have better things to do then stand in line for 陆 hour waiting for someone to give me a scoop of ice cream. Why the ice cream wasn鈥檛 available as self serve I鈥檒l never know or better yet soft ice cream dispensers. Dinner: The only way to get the four a la cartes we wanted was to wait for out last four nights. That meant our first three dinners in a row were buffet. If I have to choose I would take ok food with good service in an a la carte to good buffet food. I like being served and also at buffets sometimes feel like you are eating alone. Some of the buffet food was good and some was not. There were enough choices that if you didn鈥檛 like your first choice you could find something else. The first two nights we ate at the Punta Cana side, up until about 7:30 there was no line after that there was. This buffet although busy and full gave us a somewhat peaceful dinner with good service for drinks. The last buffet we tried on the Bavaro side was like kids world. Kids running around the buffet not watching where they are going, picking food with their hands and the whole place was noisier than a McDonalds鈥?birthday party. Yuck couldn鈥檛 wait to get out of there. All four of our a la cartes had ok food, good service but still kids that were cranky and crying and would have preferred to be in bed than being dragged to a sit down restaurant Kids 鈥?I can鈥檛 comment on the kid鈥檚 activities but even if they were bad there were enough other kids to play with. This seemed to us a resort to bring your kids. It seemed there were a handful of kids for every adult. The only time there seemed a refuge from all the kids was in the theatre in the evenings they put on kids activities which left the lobbies more an adult zone. They were running around unsupervised at the buffets and cranky and crying at the a la cartes. Only a couple of our previous resorts were adults only but we have never came across a resort where it seemed kids out numbered adults.Smoking 鈥?As a non-smoker this resort was rather pleasant. There were a few designated non-smoking tables in the lobbies and all of the enclosed air-conditioned buffets were completely smoke free. The trams are posted with no smoking signs also.Conclusion 鈥?Almost every resort we have gone to has been large. We like lots of walking area with the secure feeling of the confines of the resort. Some of these resorts have been very busy at times but never have we felt crowded like this resort. This resort offered the worse food we have encountered at any AI. The layout made no sense at all and was actually frustrating with daytime activities at one end and nighttime activities the other. There were way too many kids. I may recommend this resort to families but not for a vacation for couples and especially not if you are leaving your own kids behind for a break yourselves.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyed our stay! We had a wonderful 10 days.Lovely resort; very big but always a tramto take. Beach was big and choice of 2large pools.We enjoyed our restaurant choices.The steak house was delicious and myhusband's TBone Steak covered his wholeplate! The food was excellent in allthe restaurants and on the buffet therewas a great selection, even for some of uswho might be picky.Had a wonderful massage so enjoyed theirSpa facilities.Would definately go again.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>csbrew
<Content>Great Resort!! My wife and I have travelled to Punta Cana for the last 4 years during the first 2 weeks of February. We have stayed at The Caribe Club Princess 03, Bavaro Princess 04, Melia Caribe 05 and this year Bahia Principe Feb 11th-18th 2006.The Bahia Principe is definitely the best resort that we have been to in Punta Cana. We would likely return to the other resorts if it was at a last minute price. We would spend the extra money and book the Bahia months ahead to guarantee a reservation at the resort of or choice.We did not pay the extra for the Diamond or Gold Club as it was not available when we booked. Having stayed at this resort I don鈥檛 think that it is worth the extra $200 per person. The only benefit in my eyes is that you get and extra a la carte dinner. Yes the rooms are closer to the beach but only by a few minutes and once we left the room in the morning we didn鈥檛 need to go back until the evening. The resort is large. It takes about 10 minutes to walk from the lobby to the beach. They do have about 5 trolleys that run non stop from one end of the resort to the other. We were located in villa #19. The resort was full so even though we were booked to stay at the Bahia Principe Bavaro (left side of resort if facing the ocean) we were on the right side of the resort (Bahia Principe Punta Cana). There is a lobby for each side. Depending on which part of the resort you booked with, that is the lobby you go to for the buffet and for the front desk. The rooms were very clean. The A/C worked well. The shower in the bathroom was great. In past trips the showers were weak and don鈥檛 allow enough pressure to get the sunscreen off. No problems here!The food was good. The buffets were better than we expected and we never had trouble finding something to eat. The a la cartes were decent. The Japanese was very good, the Mediterranean was ok and the Italian was fine (can鈥檛 mess up pasta that much)! The pools were nice. Not crowded. The water was refreshing. We spent most of our time on the beach. We didn鈥檛 have trouble getting chairs. Yes we did get down to the beach at 7:45 to reserve chairs under a hut. But we also found chairs at 1pm after an excursion.We found the staff to be helpful and friendly.The night life here is almost non existent. The shows would start at about 9pm and were really not that good. The casino is small. It has a few blackjack tables and slot machines. We didn鈥檛 mind the slow night life as we prefer to be up all day and sleep at night. The beach is very nice. You can walk for miles in either direction.I would say that on about 70% of the reviews that we have read about this resort people mention a strange sewage smell. We noticed this smell on occasion near the lobby. It didn鈥檛 ruin the trip; in fact you eventually don鈥檛 notice it.There were four of us on this trip. My wife got very sick within the last hour of our stay. Some sort of parasite. The flight back was rough for her. The rest of us ate and drank what we wanted with no complications. I spoke to with three friends that were at the same resort during the same time as us. None of them or there families including their children got sick.My wife and I enjoy trying different hotels. The competition in Punta Cana with all of the new resorts that are opening can only mean better food, accommodations and service for travellers. I know we will be back for a fifth year to Punta Cana, but I鈥檓 not sure at which resort. I will say that I would certainly return to the Bahia.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice resort except for the food poisoning Gran Bahai Principe, Punta Cana, Diamond ClubFebruary 19-26/05Hotel: lovely, nicely landscaped, clean, great drinks, Food: diamond club restaurant well worth it, good food with no line ups, I got violent food poisoning from the Mediterranean restaurant, needed a doctor and i.v. injections to stop vomiting and diarrheaStaff: friendly, will try to speak EnglishBeach: gorgeous but way too crowded, chairs taken earlyPool: diamond pool was great, exclusive, padded lounge chairs, swim up bar, waitresses, well worth itSunquest rep: total ditz, told me I couldn't possibly have food poisoning even though the doctor said I did, sorry Kelly I DID HAVE FOOD POISONINGDiamond Club rep: Miguel was excellent, solves problems quicklyFront Desk staff: lots of lip service, keep at them if your room isn't right, squeaky wheel and all thatSkyservice flight: NEVER AGAIN, late, crampedWould I return: I will never book through sunquest again because of KELLY, will probably stick to Mexico or Cuba  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beachlvr4
<Content>Great time at the Bahia We returned last week ( feb. 21 )from our 5 days at the bahia. This was our third trip to Punta Cana in the last 3 years( barcelo Palace, bavaro Princess Suites and casino ). Have also stayed in Cancun and the Maya Riviera in last two years. Our favorite resort has been Xpu-Ha near Tulum but the Bahia comes in a very close second. Most of the reviews you will read about the resort are true. The grounds are beautiful the pictures do not do them justice, the rooms are good size and nicely done with beds that are better than most inclusive resorts( you also can not hear your neighbor). We had a housekeeper that was great. She would pick flowers from the grounds and display them on our bed each day. I had e-mailed the resort a couple of days prior to our arrival and mentioned that the trip was for my wife's 40th. Also asked for a top floor room with a pool view. We got the 3rd floor room with a pool view and to our suprise we found ballons,flowers, rum and two shirts in our room on arrival. The housekeeper said hello to us the next morning and asked if my wife was the one with the birthday. The staff speaks some english - enough as far as we were concerned, but we speak some french and a little spanish. The guests were mostly from Europe or Canada. Many spoke French -- rest mostly Spanish. There were a good many topless women on the beach during the middle of the day. Mostly on one side but some scattered throughout. This was fine with us except for an old jerk or two taking pics with long lenses. Actually there were many fewer pic takers than we had seen at other resorts in Punta Cana. The beach is amazing, as nice as any you will find in Punta Cana with clear aqua blue water and white sand that stays cool all day long. Big beach with plenty of chairs. People do save the ones under cover and in key locations at the beach pool - so get up early if you want those. There is a bar on the beach that opens around 10 and closes about 4. Best snack bar is to the left as you face the beach. Beautiful views and not very crowded like the other one. I agree with others that the japanese restaurant is the best that we tried. Seafood was not bad and we had a nice waiter that gave us the good wine. French was a nice atmosphere but some of the food was pretty bad. The soup and the lobster was good as long as you know that Dominican lobster is different than home. The buffet was very good with an expansive selection for kids or adults. Would be a good idea to try the a-la-carte restaurants and still leave yourself time to go to the buffet just in case. At night the village was a plesant experience - not great entertainment but fun and the drinks flow freely - they will get you to sign for the drinks there and in the disco but will not charge you. Tried the casino, and the disco. Had fun in both. They had a male review for the women at the disco. Drinks were also strong at the disco.We did tip and got what i considered pretty good service at almost all locations. Actually better than i expected. Most servers wanted to assist. The pools are large and well done. Plenty of room for quiet or active experiences. As for the mosquitos that some have complained about - you are in the dominican republic - there will be some bugs like we have in the Southern US but it is not any worse that other beaches. If you are out on a balcany late at night you may want bug spray for your legs just as we would do at home. I did find that the first floor had more problems with this than the upper floors.They had a kids club that looked big but did not see many kids there. The resort did have kids but was also very nice for adults and couples.Check-in and check-out were easy. They also had a changing room with showers for us since we were leaving late in the day.I will be happy to answer questions or give additional information if anyone wants it. This was a wonderful place that was definately the best we have been to in Punta Cana. We are already thinking about a trip there next year.Have a great time !  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a geat time ... No buts My wife and I stayed Feb 19-26 and had a great time. Would recommend to anyone. We are mid 40'sSUNWING: Booked through Sunwing and flew direct out of London. Professional operation all the way around. Took care of all needs / paperwork etc. on the flights and buses. Check in was done on the bus on way to airport. Great support on the ground at the PC airport and at the hotel.HOTEL: Yes it is large but we did not feel overwhelmed by that. In fact they way it is set up, it doesn't seem as big as it really is. We walked all over (wear off some of the calories) and did not find it a problem. The trams are available if you would rather ride.ROOM: Nice and spacious. Very clean and well maintained. Not the Four Seasons or the Ritz but I have stayed in much worse so called 5 stars in Canada and the USA.CREATURES: We had first floor room and all week saw maybe 4 mosquitoes in room and one small spider. Kiiled them all. See more in my house in the summer! No rats. No taratulas. Saw a cute little lizard at the airport and a pelican at the beach.NIGHTLIFE: Depends on what you like to do. We did not go to the shows so can't comment. If you like discos - go to a disco destination. If you like to gamble - go to Vegas or AC. If you like to relax with a drink or two and talk with friends, play cards in a very nice environment with music / dancing then we think you would like the atmosphere of the lobby bar.SHOPPING: Prices to high ? I don't know - plan ahead and bring things from home you know you will need or want. When you are there, if you think something is too expensive, try to bargain or just don't buy - it's up to you.POOLS: We spent our time at the beach so really didn't use the pools but they appeared to be clean and well maintained and were very lovely.BEACH: Awesome ! If you are offended by topless women, be prepared to be offended. We hung out at the beach everyday - all day and never had a problem getting chairs or shade. Ocean was decent temperature and that colour you dream about in the -10 temps here in CanadaSTAFF: I don't know if we were lucky or if it goes back to treating others like you want to be treated, but we felt the staff were helpful, pleasant, tried to connect with you in your language and it helped if you at least made an attempt at Spanish. Kills me when I read revues that complain about the lack of English spoken by the staff - you want English stay home. We tipped our maid who did a great job and we gave modest tips for good service from other staff. All in all I think the staff at the Bahia were great.FOOD: Al a cartes - Good to very goodBuffet - Hey it's a buffet (ever been to a great buffet ?) but it was good. The buffet was NOT always the same, was NOT always lukewarm and did offer a variety of foods that would provide reasonable choices to a very international guest list -- English speakers are in the minority when we were there. We did not get sick, but we did avoid uncooked foods such as lunch meat, mayo etc at the outside beach restaurants -- just common sense as its hard to refridgerate food outside in 25-30 degree temps.THE SMELL: Yes you've read about it in other reviews. There is a smell in the Lobby Store and weirdly enough only on the left side of the Buffet Restaurant. It is not a sewage smell -- I know what that smells like, but it is a fairly unpleasant smell when at its stongest (not always). So ... we always sat on the right side of the Buffet Restaurant and only went into the Lobby Store when we had to... No problem.If you are hoping for a relaxing time in a very nice atmosphere this place is for you. If you are looking for a go go go vacation, you might want to go somewhere elseMike  Di  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best vacation ever We stayed at the resort from feb. 21 to 28 and had a great time. The Ala carte restaurants are out of this world. Dont miss the bartending show with NELSON in the main lobby, it is outstanding. The resort is very clean and all the staff is extremly friendly. If you dont tip at this first class resort you deserve to treated that way.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EdmontonMack
<Content>A very good place We recently returned from our honeymoon in the DR, staying at the Bahia Principe, in the Club Golden area.The summary is, if you're planning on going somewhere to do very little other than lay on the beach and relax, this is a GREAT place. If you're looking for nightlife and a bunch of exciting excursions - you need to look somewhere else.First of all, the Bahia is a 4 star hotel, not a 5. Not to say it's not a nice one, but if you've been to the Mayan and stayed in a 5, you'll notice the difference.While the resort IS huge, it never felt that way - the only crowds were at the main pool near the beach. I don't think we saw a chair open once during our week there. The trolley system is in place - though we never used it, nothing is THAT far, and it doesn't feel too too hot.The rooms at the resort are very nice, much larger than the ones we were in last spring at the Mayan. Our Club Golden upgrade, honestly didn't get us THAT close to the beach or main pool - we were in Villa 08, but still a nice location, with a few nice extra 'perks'.The service was excellent throughout our stay. I agree that most of the service staff don't speak english....in fact they mostly speak spanishenglishfrenchgerman.... ALL OF THEM. People that couldn't find an english speaker were not looking very hard, or being boors. Tipping...okay it's good and important to tip. BUT...unless you plan on sitting right at the bar and drinking and drinking and drinking...you won't get any better or worse service at the bars. You are one of, probably 3000 guests (who knows), the bartenders are not likely to remember you.The food.....is okay. The buffets were pretty good, with a fair bit of variety for each meal. Avoid the burgers and 'dogs at the beach bar with all that is in you....this is barely food. There are other hot options at the snack bar (though 'snacks' aren't really among them - all meal-type food). Went to three a la cartes - Seafood was 50/50 - my salmon was good, my wife's 'Seafood grill' was more like 'seafood nuk'd'...french was pretty good (filet mignon x 2), great mushroom soup...the Japanese was incredibly disappointing. No 'show' whatsoever....some dude cooked our meat, said not a word, gave it to us, they shoo'ed us off. That was it. Pass on this one.Excursions - we did the Marinarium - swimming with rays and sharks. Good fun! The others all seemed to involve tearing up the landscape of the DR (in ATVs or Jeeps) - never could understand the appeal, why would tourists want to rip up someone else's country, while half-cut on Cuba libr茅's?Beach is beautiful - go to the left once you get to the beach and you'll find lots and lots of chairs, any time of day. Lots o' topless and an absolutely bizarre amount of speedos. I would say the resort was probably 80% European, so that is to be expected, but still...speedos are in no way good.Finally....Air Transat is NOT a place to spend 8+ hours on board (flight Punta Cana to Edmonton is nearly 8 hours in the air, factor in taxi here, taxi there, sit here, sit there....)All in all....would we go back. Maybe. But honestly we'd go to the Mayan sooner.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lacee
<Content>Was a wonderful vacation! My family just returned on the 26th of Feb. My husband and I were there from the 12th to 26th with 2 teenage daughters joining us from the 19th to 26th.We thought the resort was great! The only drawback to it is the size! It is HUGE! therefore it seems to be impersonal because you have 6 bars to get drinks from at the beach and pools. Unless you only go to the same bartender and hang out in the same area each day you never really get to know them. There are over 1500 rooms so meeting people one day you may never run into them again for your stay. CHECK-IN - this is done on the bus which is great! when you arrive the bellboys take you straight to your villa.BEACH - was Fabulous! it was always clean and the ocean was beautiful and warm. We did find that if you wanted to be under a hut you needed to go and put your towels out early (7: a.m.) It was so hot there that you sure appreciated the breeze off the ocean.POOLS - there are 2 middle pools and one large pool at the beach which is kind of divided up into 3 sections. the middle pools were definately quieter and less busy. the beach pool had 2 restaurants and 3 snack areas to eat at so something was always close.ALA-CARTE - we ate at the French, Garden Grill, Japanese, Italian Seafood  beach BBQ. The Garden Grill was definately a favorite. Then the French. The Japanese we thought would be more entertaining with a show using the knives etc. but you have to realize these are dominicans cooking Japanese so there wasn't a show but it was good food and service. The Italian was great and the Seafood was good as well. The Beach Barbeque was nice because you were outside and they grilled steak, shishkebobs,pork, etc whatever you wanted. overall we found we enjoyed the Ala Cartes. Hint: we found that if you couldn't get in a restaurant that you wanted all you had to do was go to the restaurant around 8:30 or 9 so a little later and give the hostess a $5 and you suddenly got a table. the worked for us as well as other people that we spoke to. ROOMS - they are very nice, clean and the maid service was excellent.anyway I seem to be rambling but if anyone has any questions please don't hesitate to e-mail me  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>UncleChucky
<Content>Great Resort To Relax and Unwind Bahia Principe is a great resort to go relax and unwind, as well to get away from the cold Canadian climate. My wife and I visited Feb 11 - 18 and we enjoyed ourselves immensely. The beer was cold and the weather was hot hot hot!!The resort is very big, I believe I read there were approx. 1500 rooms. As side from not getting a table at the beach restaurant one afternoon we never really felt crowded because there were numerous places to eat. As mentioned above it is a big place, which was not a problem for us because we like to walk and if we were tired we took the tram. It took us about 10 minutes to walk to the beach from the main lobby area.The food was excellent. I am not sure why people say there is not variety we found lots of different choices. We enjoyed the ala carte restaurants, especially the Japanese.We stayed in the Premier section (we did not have to pay extra for this, we got bumped up because the resort was full). This section is for adults only and we loved it. No kids...that is why we went away. The room were very comfortable and clean. Maid service is funny some days you get a little extra some days do don't (regardless if you leave a tip or not).The beach was great and the pools clean and warm. We found it busy at the beach right in front of the beach pools, go to the right hand side and it is not as busy and you should be able to find some shade. Also the beach pools were busy with families (lots of small children). The other pools were much quieter.I admit I got a few bug bits (not sure what they were) but nothing to complain about. I would be more concerned about getting sun burn/sun stroke. Drink lots of beer, swim lots and stay in the shade.Overall a great resort for anyone that wants to relax and enjoy good food and drink. This resort is not for party animals, more of a family atmosphere.IMPORTANT - those who complain about the language barrier only complain because they do not want to try to speak or understand any Spanish. We did not have any problems and we do not speak very much Spanish. Try your Spanish on them and they will try their English on you, a learning experience for both.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>raspberry-cartwheel
<Content>Tropical Paradise!! My partner and I have just returned from a fantastic two-week stay at the Bahia Principe. The weather was glorious, the hotel was spotless, the beach was beautiful and the staff couldn't do enough to help. We would highly recommend the Outback Safari and the Bavaro Splash trips- what could be better than drinking rum on an open top truck while racing through the Dominican countryside!? Or driving your own speedboat and snorkelling in the crystal clear sea?!We felt all the little touches like being served champagne cocktails around the pool, the beautiful displays of fruit and a clean room everyday made it a five-star resort for us. We wanted a relaxing break, with everything taken care of and that's exactly what we got.Recommendations: -Mosquito-Ex repellent, highly effective- neither of us got bitten once.-Learn some basic Spanish and don't expect everyone to speak English- you're in the Dominican Republic after all, the onus is on the visitor to attempt at least some of the basic phrases.-The smaller snack bars on the beach, rather than the larger one by the main pool, are usually much quieter during the lunchtime rush and serve fresh barbequed food- yum!-Ensure you get your towel cards back at the end of the day. If the attendants say that they do not have any, keep hold of your towels until the next day, otherwise you will have to pay out for new cards.-If possible, get out and see some of the real Dominican Republic on one of the many trips offered- it will make you appreciate how hard the hotel staff work for a start!Oh and lastly, for anyone who stayed at the same time as we did (between February 9th and 23rd)- we will never forget Manuel B, the 'Chaquerron' song or the Bingo Bongo game at the middle pool !!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sean-the-Scuba-Diver
<Content>Mikado Japanese restaurant Two of us had a most relaxing 2 weeks vacation at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana. We went on Air Transat direct from Vancouver to Punta Cana. It was just over seven hour flight. A bit long but we were sitting in a business class seats called Club seats. It was $150 more but in my opinion, it was worth every penny. It made the trip more enjoyable.Upon getting on the bus from airport to the hotel, we were checked in by the hotel rep. inside the bus. This is one of the special Club Golden perks. When we arrived at the hotel, we just went directly to our room without stopping at the reception. It was pleasant. I will not go into many of the details that were discussed in many of other reviews. However, one thing I would like to share with all of you is quite funny. On our second night, we booked a dinner at the Japanese restaurant Mikado. The chief chef Ramon served a typical teppanyaki dinner. He spoke very little English. (BTW, did you know the teppanyaki is not a genuine Japanese cuisine? The cooking method over the hot iron grill was invented by none other than Mr. Benihana in California in late 60's!) Back to the review. While we were dining there, we ordered a miso soup. When I tasted it, I didn't like it at all. You see, I grew up eating miso soup. When I ordered a sake rice wine, I received vinegar tasting clear yellow liquid. I didn't like that either. After the dinner, the waitress asked me how I liked the meal. I told her honestly that everything was good except the miso soup and the sake. Next thing you know, the chef Ramon came out from the back. He was quite friendly and inquisitive. I told him in Spanish how I felt about the meal. After 5 minutes of discussion, he asked me to come back the next day at 3pm to show him how to make miso soup. I gladly accepted his request. On the following afternoon, I met up with Ramon, and I was escorted to the clean stainless kitchen. There was a huge pot of boiling water and four other chefs waiting for me. (I am relieved that they didn't throw me into the pot!!! Just kidding!) I first asked Ramon how he makes the miso soup. There were 3 things wrong with his method, but the worst thing is that he was not using bonito flakes broth at all. I asked him to show me the inventory sheet. Sure enough, there was bonito flake on the sheet. I summoned one of the chefs to bring me the bonito. After preparing the proper broth, I let all 5 chefs to taste it. They just went mmmmmmmmmmmmm muy delicioso!!!. Then I added the proper amount of miso. After finish making it, once again, I let them taste it. Their response was mmmmmmmmmmmmm muy bien!!. The restaurant actually served my miso soup that night!! After making the miso soup, I asked Ramon how he prepares the sake rice wine. The brand of sake was Shochikubai. It's one of the four popular and common sake in Japan. I was shocked to learn that he actually boils it in a small bottle for 25 minutes! That's absolutely no-no! The color of sake should be just clear white, not clear yellow! I instructed him to heat the sake only for 2 minutes. When all done, Ramon and the manager Richard thanked me with big hugs and hand shakes. A couple days later in the evening, we just dropped by the Mikado restaurant. We ordered miso soup and sake. Guess what? the miso soup and sake came out just perfect!! Ramon and the other chefs actually listened with their ears and hearts! There are two Japanese restaurants at this resort. So, if you are thinking of dining at the Japanese restaurant, try Mikado instead of Maiko. I would highly recommend it. There are 2 choices of soup there. I would suggest miso soup as the other choice the sea food soup is not even Japanese and it was awful. If and when you order miso soup and sake rice wine, and you liked them, I'd appreciate if you let Ramon and the manager Richard know about your comment. They would love to hear your positive feedbacks!Oh.. there is one other thing that is not well-publicized at the hotel. The beach restaurant Las Olas offers wonderful dining experience by the sea only on Tuesdays and Fridays. The cuisine is barbeque of 7 kinds of meat. Not for vegetarians!! You would need to make reservation in advance. The manager Edward at the Las Olas has an excellent management skill. The staff there are exceptional and well trained. If you have any questions, you can send me e-mails!Have a nice vacation at the Bahia Principe!!!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice resort BUT food got us SICK               More photos  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous resort with a few drawbacks We just came back from staying at the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana - we had the Gold Club rooms. I must say on an overall scale this resort is quite beautiful. If you are looking for a smaller intimate resort this is not for you. The hotel has approximately 1500 rooms and you need to travel on a train (caboose type sections pulled by a small truck) to get around the resort. The rooms are quite large and very nice - bring your bug spray as the rooms tend to collect a few mosquitos while the maids are cleaning your room (by the way they do an amazing job of making sure your room is spotless). Because we stayed in the Gold rooms we had a very short walk to the beach and one of the main pools.The food is stellar - we ate in the Japanese, Mexican, Garden Grill Steak House and the French restaurant. We ate filet mignon, lobster, sushi, tepanyaki, etc... it was all fantastic. It's true the buffets get a bit redundant and you must be careful on your food choices sometimes. It's best you stay away from salad, mayo dishes sitting out too long, etc.. We had no stomach problems.The resort can be a bit impersonal - the staff I found not as friendly unless you waived dollar bills at them. Some of the staff were down right rude in their demenour and behaviour. But, others mostly in the restaurants were quite nice.The night life was basically non-existent. We were looking forward to the karoake bar - the first night the machine broke, and the second night 5 people came to set it up ran a couple of songs, checked their cell phone messages constantly, ignored you and then packed up and left. Even our waiter told us they were horrible.The large square with all the shops were as well as the vendors was interesting except for the fact that you were constantly bombarded by the vendors. They are quite aggresive in their selling tactics and beware as you never know if you are getting a decent price - look around as the shops have many of the same items at much lower prices. Also stay away from buying trinkets in the gift shop - the shops in the square have the same or similar items for sometimes 1/2 the price or less.I'm on the fence post about this resort - I'm not sure I would go back. It was a lovely place with some great amenities and positive features. On the other hand it wasn't a full 5 star hotel in my opinion and I've spent over 17 years in the business and I've done my fair share of travelling. Just my 2 cents worth....  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>soogirl
<Content>Great...except the food poisoning               More photos  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No complaints...it was FABULOUS! This was our third time to Punta Cana. We stayed from Feb 10th - 17th and flew out of Toronto. The other two resorts we stayed at were LTI Beach and the Grand Flamenco. They were 4 stars and the Gran Bahia was defiantly a 5 star!!! We keep going back to Punta Cana because of Bavaro Beach, it is stunning. We stayed in Diamond Club on the second floor near the private Diamond Club Pool, couldn't be happier with our location. We took our 18 month old baby and were happy to see all the other babies and kids at this resort. The place was full but sure didn't feel like it. The food was great! The weather was great! Like I said, NO COMPLAINTS here. We went to the Le Gourmet Restaurant one evening and Alexis I think his name was treated us like royalty!!! Thank you!!! I emailed 2 weeks before we left to request a King bed, pool view and a playpen for our baby...everything was perfect when we got there. The last 2 resorts we stayed at the staff were not very friendly...but here...wow...they really tried to help you out if you wanted something, they were all so very nice. Go have a great time and relax! Wish I could pack our bags today and go for another week there!!!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time       POOL  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>feltched
<Content>Good Honeymoon,But... I went on my Honeymoon with my wife. This was our first time on an all-inclusive vacation. We requested from our travel agent the Honeymoon suite that came with a couple of perks but didn't get any of it,even the honeymoon suite but it wasn't that big of a deal;We weren't going to let the little things ruin our vacation. We were at this resort from Feb.12-19. The weather was Awesome all week.The food was good but the buffet started to get boring;The A la cartes were excellent! We went to the Mexican which was very good,The Japanese was ok and the Garden Grill was the best of the 3 we tried.We ate at the pisces snack bar on the tues and that night both of us were very sick.We think it was either the ham or the mayonaise. We heard of 3 other couples that had gotten sick at the same time and from the same place.So beware of that snack bar! Other than that the food was good.We were supposed to go on a snorkeling trip Wed. morning but still weren't feeling well so we talked to Socrates(The Sunwing Vacations Rep) and he was very helpful and let us rebook for the next day without any problems or extra fees. The snorkeling trip was amazing! But bring your own snorkel if you can as everyone in the world uses the ones provided and they don't get sanitized.We met one of the vendors in the pueblo principe who was very nice. Yes they try very hard to sell you something but back off if you tell them you don't have any money with you.The vendor we met is named Steve and is very nice he has the first cart when you walk into the pueblo. One afternoon he invited my wife and I to sit and talk with him.It was interesting to find out what life is like in the Dominican.We stayed in Villa 34 which is pretty close to the Lobby and there are 2 small pools right outside your room which is nice if you want a little more quiet than the main pool,but if you want some shade get up early and put your towel on the chairs otherwise getting shade anywhere later in the day is next to impossible.The people are very friendly and happy,They always say Ola when you walk by them. The rooms are clean and the pools and beach are as well.There were a few mosquitos in our room but nothing major. We didn't need to use our off that we had brought with us. But MAKE SURE YOU BRING YOUR OWN PEPTO BISMOL!!!!!! It cost $7.00 US for 1 small bottle and I had to buy 2 of them from the lobby store. If it wasn't for the 2 of us getting sick This would have been the best vacation we had ever been on. All in all the resort is great! The food,the people,and the weather! We will definately be coming back some time in the future.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good  Well lets start with the good.. the beach, palm trees, the carribean is just breath taking!!!! The resort appeared to be clean until a couple of nites after dinner we sat in the lobby having drinks  saw a rat running to and from the greenery area to the couches! yuck we told the manager  he saw it  was pretty suprised. We went with a party of 9 in which we had a variety of ages from small to older. Not to much for the younger to do at nite. We didn't like the fact that the bars  all food closed by 11:00pm or you had to go downtown to buy drinks pretty expensive. We had very bad luck with something 6 out of 9 were Violently sick!! We threw up like never before  the other end too!! We had such bad pains in our backs, knees, and the sweats like no other! The worst lasted for about 17 hours then you we were soooo weak. There were alot of other ppl sick that week as well.( we talked to a party of 22 16 of them were the same as us)We talked to the restraunt manager  he kept saying go see Doctor... Bring Lots of $$$ cuz if you are is sick as we were it will cost you $150.00 before he'll open the door  100.00 per shot you'll need 2,  he seemed to no just the reason why everyone was sick. If you like VERY large resort then you'll be fine if not then pick another place. We have traveled for 11 years to a different island and have always stayed at smaller more personable places and have NEVER experienced anything like this before. It was beautiful but the rest was scary. We were in Punta Cana 6 yrs ago  had NO problems back then I don't no what happened here.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>beachlovercanada
<Content>Wonderful resort This resort was beautiful, clean, pool water perfect temp. Beach- clean,walked for miles, temp. perfect. Rooms- clean, large, very comfortable bed. Food- we ate in 4 speciality rest. all great and different in food variety and decor. Service- each rest. the service was great, but the french was the most impressive. Pool bars and beach bars had the most impressive service- happy staff, always quick to serve with great personalities. Maid service in the room was fine. Language issues- None, we always were able to get our requests across, with some laughs and jokes. Bugs- not a problem, yes there was some, but not in our room (3rd floor), our friends (20 in our group) had a 1st floor and no bugs. Mosquitos- saw and killed a few. take the malaria pills just for safety sake. We definitely have alot more here in the summer. Negatives- sewage smell in the buffet dining room, and other areas in the resort when walking.Problem- we think they do not have proper ventalation in the sewage lines. Illness- one of our friends in our group of 20 did experiance on the last day, some intestinal upset.Why- unknown?? Being home 4 days now, she is recovering. There is a large marsh area running the width of the resort. It appears to be a catch basin for storm water. We were there with Sunquest, because we arrived late Sat.evening we signed in at the main desk, not realizing if we would have arrived before 5pm. we would have been escorted to a private room for Sunquest.This staff is also responsible for booking restarants etc. We went to Guest Services to sign up the next day for resturants,If we would have been directed by this Main Desk Staff to the Sunquest Service Room for any of our requests we would have had better times and availabiltiy.The staff know by the colour of your wrist bands as to which travel sourse you are with. The main desk service staff should take a lesson from the other hotel staff on service and personality issues. We had the most perfect weather, 32C, no rain. Everyone happy, how could you not be? I would recommend this resort to anyone, and I would return.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful ! ! ! ! The resort is beautiful. The grounds are immaculate,the service very, very good ! The food was excellent, great variety. Night life could have been better, more options would be nice. We had a wonderful week there and would recommend it to anyone looking for a relaxing stay, beautiful white clean beaches and friendly consistent service. Rooms were well serviced and the pools and grounds were well maintained. In all a wonderful memorable week ! !  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not up to par I will attempt to give short 2 point review of the Resort Gran Bahai.1) Accomodations were generally clean and staff was usually prompt with answering request, although language barrier was the most difficult i have had in all my years traveling to the Caribbean. We were Gold Club Members and after a weeks stay i cant say it was worth the extra money; as far as i can tell the Gold Club Membership got you express check-in, fresh towels at night, free inter-net service in the Gold Club Lobby; (by the way, on-line service was sporadic at best), and 3 more ala cart meals then the rest of the guest...more on that issue. I have found that at resorts that have had different levels, they have had control over where the defferent levels were allowed to go. This resort...go anywhere do anything. 2)Food-It was pedastrian at best.The buffets-morning- lunch-dinner had little variation from day to day. I think what supprised me (and my companions) the most was the lack of Local Fare(Caribean Cuisine) and seafood.The a la cart restaurants are really average. We are persons that have experienced the Caribean for over 30 years. -Bio of myself and my travel companions ages 40 thru mid 60. Blue Collar workers who plan every year for an upscale vacation. Gran Bahai did not deliver that experience. 3 stars at best...very large and impersonal.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>razdog
<Content>The good, the bad and the ugly I called this review the good, the bad and the ugly because we had a bit of everything. I definatley did not want to write a negative review of our holiday but we had some experiences that just were not good.Our family of four, two adults and two children (9 and 14) stayed at the Bahia from Feb 14 to 21. We began our stay in the regular part of the hotel in a main floor room and that is where we ran into problems. The mosquitos hang in the cool, dark alcoves by the doors to the main floor rooms and when the maids clean they leave the door to the room open. Yes, despite us asking them not to, they leave the door open! We had at least fifty mosquitos in our room every night and any part of the body which was not under a sheet during the night was cover in welts by morning. (Bottom of feet, ankles, faces, elbows etc. etc.) By day three we were all severely bitten and when I talked to the guest services people their solution was to fog our room with insectiside. Yikes! On day four we simply upgraded to a third floor room in the Club Diamond and it made a huge difference to the rest of our stay. If you can make the upgrade to a 2nd or 3rd floor room in Diamond or Golden Clubs I would highly recommend it, I think I would be writing a different review if we had accessed this from day one. The service is much better and there are some nice touchs which made it feel more like a 5*resort. You can have breakfast and lunch at a small buffet in one of the restaurants instead of the huge buffet which is much more pleasant. (Avoid the smell of the big buffet).I found the best food was the stuff which was cooked in front of me. The eggs at the omlette bars, the pizza and pasta was consistently good, the breads, most of the soups and desserts were good too. For the most part our experience in the al la cartes was just bad, they try hard but the service was inconsistent at best, they were understaffed and the meals were poorly timed. The quality of the entrees was poor, the food was cold, undercooked/overcooked, we got the full range of yuk! If you have been ill in other destinations like this in the past the chances of you being ill here are good, lots of people were. I had grown a little complaisant because I have not been ill the past two times we have been in Mexico but, both my daughters and I had upset stomachs for the duration of this trip and I needed immodium after eating the sushi in the Japanese restaurant. My husband said the food was fine and had no problems but he also ate off of street carts in Mexico without any ill affects. We did the Outback Safari tour and it was definatley the highlight of our trip. It was fantastic!! If you want to see the country and you don't have any back or neck issues(it's a rough ride in the back of a truck) then take this trip. You can get the details about it on any of the Dominican tour websites. Just a note, I took some school supplies and toys but they don't stop at the schools anymore and they discourage tourists from giving things to the children on the street. The sheer number of tours stopping at the schools became very disruptive to the learning of the students. The children on the street were putting themselves in dangerous situations (running into traffic) by chasing the tour trucks for trinkets and some children were making a day job out of begging for stuff. If you choose to take gifts the tour company goes to the schools once a month and delivers your gifts. The school supplies are desperately needed and it didn't bother me at all that I didn't get to deliver them personally. My daughters did give out some small toys when we were stopped and off of the truck and it was not a problem.If you are committed to going to the Punta Cana Bahia make sure you: 1) don't accept a main floor room, dealing with the main reception and the main guest services is a exercise in patience, they will leave you standing in line while one works and five of them socialize, they will pass you off from one person to another for no apparent reason (my husband and I called this the Pedro show because they were all named Pedro), persevere with a sense of humor, it is worth it; 2) upgrade if you can, then you will have a private reception/guest services area where the service is really good; 3) take lots of 45 sun screen, bug spray, immodium, an antihistamine if you react to bug bites and something to take the itch off of the bug bites.The beauty of the resort and the country side is really stunning and its disappointing that we hit some hurdles which took a bit of the fun out of our trip. If you are looking for a great sun/beach vacation, with a few precautions, I think it could be found at the Bahia.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No snow here,               More photos  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>paris6002
<Content>Loved the Gran Bahia Principe Eight of us traveled to the Gran Bahia Principe from February 4-11. This is the first time ever that we arrived at our hotel and we were already checked in. We received all our information on the new, air condititioned bus on our way to the hotel. As soon as we arrived we made sure our bags were located and we were taken to the main buffet for lunch. We have traveled to the Bahia Principe in the Myan Riviera so we were well aware of the size and cleanliness and the friendly staff of the resort. We traveled with another couple who had never been to an all inclusive resort and they absolutely loved it and wondered why they took so long to take one of these vacations. We on the other hand, usually travel each year to an all inclusive and know the good and bad of these resorts. Except for one a la carte restaurant there is absolutely nothing I can think of that made our stay unpleasant. The staff can't help you enough and will do anything for you without making you feel you have to tip them. Many staff members however do not speak any English but they do try and will find someone who will. I can speak some Spanish and did not have any problems. Overall the resort is extremely clean, food was very good and we never had to wait in line at the buffet. We were located in building 30 (diamond club) about a five minute walk to one of the larger pools by the ocean. We never had difficulty finding shade or chairs, mind you we did place our towels down by 7 am. The nightly entertainment was average. They do try however to make everyone laugh and enjoy themselves. The children did not want to go to the kids club this year as they felt they were older and they had lots of fun on the beach playing soccer. I would totally ignore comments about bad food and musty smells because the food is quite good and a lot of variety. There is a musty smell but what else can you expect when the temperatures are hot and it rains. Enjoy and relax. We did!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WarningU2
<Content>4 Star (Not 5) Hotel And Big!               More photos  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel I was a tad hesitant of staying here after reading some of the negative comments I reviewed prior to my trip, and debated on whether staying here or at the Majestic. To be quite honest.....some were quite off the mark....this is a first class resort.Let's start with the hotel itself...great size rooms, beautifully landscaped grounds...great beach....amazing lobby...well thought out groundsMeals were great (as far as buffets go)....I did get a bit tired of them....but that's to be expected. At least they try to make each night different. I chose as my a la carte restaurants the Japanese (great food...but I felt rushed through...we were in and out in 45 minutes), The Mediteranean restaurant (excellent meal...try the lobster) and the Garden Steak House (the slab of meat you get is gargantuan). All had great service and great food.Staff - I found the staff to be this hotel's greatest assest. Being an H/R Manager at a hotel in Toronto I cannot find fault with them. They were attentive, warm, friendly and couldn't do enough to ensure that you were enjoying your stay. Most could communicate in English...but they also spoke Italian, French, etc.Top MarksOnly 3 faults1)MOSQUITO problem...they are everywhere (except the beach). One of my travelling companions got 8 bites on the first night alone...while asleep in her room. The lobby store charged $16US for a bottle of OFF...so bring your own and spray your room.2) Not enough towels for use at the beach and pools.3) the vendors at the Market Place (on site) are quite aggressive in trying to make a sale. And when I say aggressive...I mean coming up and grabbing you to take you to their booths.All in all...this was a great hotel. Staff made up for all the faults (except for the mosquito issue).Go and enjoy your stay !  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cdn_grl
<Content>Bahia Principe, PC - Review Four of us (early 30's) returned from the Bahia Principe, Punta Cana a couple of weeks ago. The resort is beautiful, the food and drink plentiful, the staff friendly and the beach perfect.Room selection:We are from Toronto and were meeting friends from Calgary at the resort. I emailed the resort in advance and they met my request to have our rooms in the same building on the 3rd floor. Check in was quick and uneventful.The resort:The resort is large, and initially we thought we would walk to and from the beach every day, it seemed lazy not to. That lasted one day, as the trolley is too convinient not to use! You just hop on board and it takes you the length of the resort, stopping at all pools and finally the beach. We met up in the lobby bar for cocktails each evening before going to dinner. There is a one mand band playing, dancing if you like, and plenty of people to meet! The Food:The food was excellent. Yes, lunch became repetitive if you ate in the main buffet all week, but try the BBQ at the beach bar (take control of the cooking yourself if noone is there), or the seafood restaurant by the beach. Info on the alacartes:At the seafood restaurant you can request lobster even though it's not on the menu.The french restaurant was mediocre at best, but we had the full french experience complete with snotty waiter. The man who brought us water made up for the service however, so we tipped him instead!The Japanese restaurant is great if you do not live in a large urban centre where you can get Japanese food everyday. It's a cool experience eating at the cooking tables if you cannot.The Beach:The beach was great, white sand and very wavy. We went out around 10:30 to 11AM each day and had no difficulty finding 4 chairs together. When you get to the beach, walk to the left towards the VB courts, there were always chairs available. If you have small children and want to be at the beach, I would recommend Varadero Cuba over Punta Cana. The beach in Punta Cana gets deep very quickly and is very wavy with stong current. Varadero has a much calmer beach with shallower water. If you like waves (which we do), the beach in Punta Cana is great fun. The people:The clientele was mixed. I would say mostly from Spain and France, some Canadians (some even put up a Canada flag at their spot on the beach!), and few Americans. Everyone was friendly and happy to be on vacation. We even met a Greek couple living in Germany, and between the six of us, we managed to translate everything from either Greek to English, German to Greek, English to German etc. (you get the picture). It helped that we all spoke small amounts of other languages!The Excursions:We only did one excursion, the Bavaro Splash. It was great fun, you get your own ski boat to drive out to a coral reef for snorkelling. The snorkelling is not great, but it's better than watching fish on your TV from home with -30 weather outside! We saw fish and a stingray. Well worth the $60. Since it was a half day excusion, we were still able to hit the beach for the afternoon.If you have any specific questions, feel free to ask! I'll post some pics later :o)  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relax, everything is great here! My husband and I (age 35  40) just returned from this resort Feb 19th after one week. We went with another couple and everyone truely enjoyed themselves. The weather was outstanding (bring lots of SPF30, you will run out!), the beach unbelievably clean and the resort fantastic. Every year our group of 4 travels somewhere hot; we've been to Mexico several times, Cuba, Bahamas, Curaco, St. Martin, etc. etc. This is our second time to Punta Cana (1st was 10 years ago) and have things changed! The food was great, esp. the Japanese restaurant and the Cafe de Paris. The staff are extremely friendly and the resort is definitely 5 star. Relax and enjoy your trip, everything at this resort is excellent. We flew from London, On with Sunwing and it was a breeze. No Toronto traffic or masses of people to deal with and customs was also a breeze. The only thing I can think of to complain about is the smell from the main buffet. Like others on this site, I would recommend that if you eat in the main buffet, request to sit on the right hand side as there is a smell if you sit on the left hand side, but other resorts we've stayed at have had this smell as well. Like every other Caribbean resort we've been to, nothing is ever 100% perfect and if you look hard enough to find something to complain about you can as others on this site have. My husband and I are health professionals and extremely picky about cleanliness and hygeine and definitely agree that this was one of the cleanest resorts we have ever been to. And yes, there are some variabilities in the restaurants and the food but no more than any other resort we have been to; overall the food was very good. We only encountered a few mosquitoes and this was at night on our balcony, we did not ever need to use bug spray, but it may be worth bringing. The red wine served is definitely low end but not surprising for an all inclusive. You do have the opportunity to purchase wine if you so desire. Overall, we would agree with some of the reviews posted but personally feel the few negatives were very minor and that this is a fantastic, beautiful resort with very hard working, friendly staff and one of the nicest beaches in the Carribean. I would return to this resort in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!       Map of the resort site  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Perfect Arrived on Feb 11 to a week of paradise at the Gran Bahia. Our rooms were located in Building 15 - perfect location for the late afternoon siestas at the pool and quick walk to the Lobby for an evening of fun. We traveled with 2 other couples and none of us have any complaints except to say we wish our flight would have flown in earlier and flown out later so that we could have enjoyed more fun in the sun. Highly recommend this hotel. Two years ago our visit to DR was nice but this hotel definitely has better service, amenities and wonderful grounds. Pool spots were always open, beach shade was accessible at all times and service was fast and pleasant. We would return to this hotel and would like to experience other Gran Bahia hotels throughout the Carribean. Go - you will love it.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stanferin
<Content>GREAT PLACE Feb5-12We had a fantastic time on the resort. We went with 8 other people and we all agreed it was a great resort with lots of entertainment including day and night. There was always something to do. The food was very good. We recommend the Japanese restaurant and the Las Olas restaurant (steak house only on friday nights) The buffet was awesome,if you're a picky eater you should still find something to eat. The staff was really nice and friendly and spoke a little english which was fine. The rooms were spotless and very spacious. The grounds were extremely well kept and beautifully landscaped. The resort is big and going from the lobby to the beach is about a 6 minute walk. We didn't mind as it gave us a way to walk off all the food we ate but for those that do not like to walk there is a shuttle service that goes back and forth all day from 6AM to 3AM. We were in the Club Diamond and had private use of the Italian restaurant for breakfast and lunch which were both excellent. We also had free internet and unlimited beach towels. For those that are worried about the mosquitos there really isn't anything to worry about. The rooms on the ground floor had a few more but we were on the third floor and had very few. A little bit of bug spray on the ankles in the evening and you were pretty safe. While the resort is huge with over 3,000 people, you never felt crowded. There were always more than enough beach/pool chairs and the restaurants were never crowded. We have been to a number of places and found this to be one of the best. We would definitely go back again especially since there will be a golf course right next to the resort soon.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Raised the Bar My family of five (including two teenagers and one pre-teen) stayed from Feb. 9-16 at this resort. The resort is stunning and the beach is definitely one of the most beautiful. We had villa 31, right beside the swamp which is really more of a marsh. The resort has done a good job of preserving the natural ecosystem and this area is very attractive. We did not notice mosquitoes at all, despite all the previous warnings to take insect repellent. Our villa was central to both the beach at one end and the lobby at the other end. Although they do have the buses, we found it was no more than a few minutes' walk in either direction. We had a ground floor room and our two daughters had a second floor room - there is no need to request a room on a higher floor as we had no problems with bugs. We were amused to note the difference in the maid service, however. We left the same tip each day in both rooms (money, a chocolate bar, and a small trinket such as hair ornaments), and our daughters' maid left them ornate towel sculptures with flower petals every day and one day she left them candies. Our maid sometimes forgot to replace our towels, and Valentine's Day was the only day we came back to find flowers in our room. I can't say enough about how nice the rooms were, our mini bar was kept stocked, and the resort grounds are just gorgeous. We were in the Hacienda villas so we had the use of the exclusive pool and the bartender was great (yes, Jose Luis, we are still Happy Happy).I must comment on the food, however. I read these postings before I left and because we have eaten at resorts in Mexico and Venezuela with no issues, I had decided that the people who complain must just be hard to please. My family had no issues with the buffet, but I found the smell unpleasant - try to get seated on the right side of the buffet as you walk in because it seemed to me like the left side was the only part with the smell. Also, although I found enough things to eat, I did not want to overeat as I have done in Mexico. We ate breakfast every day at the Italian restaurant which turned out to be my favourite meal of the day. On the plus side, I did not gain any weight this vacation, despite the Coco Locos and the Banana Mamas. My advice would be to take way more sunscreen than you think you are going to need. They'll charge you $16 US for a tiny bottle at the lobby store. We had 7 straight days of hot weather and sun and went through it faster than we had expected. Pack the Imodium as you may be troubled a little with diarrhea due to the change in water and diet. My husband and I enjoyed getting up early before the kids were awake and going down to the beach and walking in the waves, but even later in the morning there were many vacant chairs.As for the ability to communicate in English, we were amazed that although the staff spoke a little English, they also spoke a little French, Italian, German, etc. You make do. Our Spanish improved considerably and they really tried. Learn how to count at least as high as the number of people in your party for table seating, as well as the common courtesies (hello, good evening, thank you, how are you). Mas (more) and No mas helped us as well. Keep in mind that many of these employees make very little money, work 15 or more days straight without leaving the resort, and then travel 8 hours along bad roads to spend 2 or 3 days with their own families. You will see them working at breakfast and again late at night in the lobby bar. I was amazed at how positive they are - always singing and smiling and catering to the guests' needs. Use their first names, treat them like people, and you will get welcomed like royalty whenever they see you. The evening shows are not as good as at some other resorts, but the Pueblo Principe has some night life. After a day in the sun, however, we were happy to have a drink in the lobby bar and then go back to our room. Have a great vacation at this amazing resort.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Disappointed in the Gran Bahia Principe First, the positive comments: The hotel is gorgeous, the rooms very spacious and attractive, everything immaculate, and the grounds beautiful. The pools are crystal clear and of a temperature which makes them refreshing yet comfortable at the same time. We never had any trouble finding lounge chairs. The beach is absolutely beautiful and you can literally walk for miles. When we encountered staff who provided good service, it went beyond good to excellent. Now for the problems. We had checked this website prior to our trip and were encouraged by the high ratings and the very large proportion of positive comments. However, being concerned about reports of a swamp, mosquitoes, and a pervasive sewer odor, we asked our travel agent to please check these specifically. She checked with the Nolitour representative, and she told us that none of those negative reports were accurate. Thus imagine our surprise and disappointment when we discovered that our room was bordered by not one but two swamps (the Nolitour rep that we later spoke with initially refused to call them swamps but when pressed, she did concede that they were marshes); certainly there were mosquitoes to the extent that we could not use our balcony during the evening; and there was a very pronounced sewer odor constantly in the main buffet dining room (which the Nolitour rep denied ever having experienced) and in the lobby bars. To top it off, I got what I believe was food poisoning there and spent the last three days of my trip (and the first two weeks of my return) with nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea (with an antibiotic, the symptoms eventually went away although it took me more than two weeks to completely recover). The Nolitour rep blames these symptoms on too much sun, too much food, and too much drinking (none of which were true in my case). I can't help but wonder if there was a connection between the sewer odor and my illness. Service was hit or miss, mostly miss. There were some excellent staff people (our chambermaid and one of the dining room servers, for example) who were always pleasant and did a very good job; but for the most part service was very lax and the vast majority of the staff always had very sullen expressions and did not seem happy to be doing what they were doing. If I had not become ill, I would have rated this hotel probably at 3 or maybe even 4 stars, but the illness put me over the top so to speak. I can't recommend this resort to anyone, and I certainly will never travel with Nolitours again.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>2	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Chris005
<Content>An excellent week at the Bahia Principe       Lobby  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time My wife and son (16 months old) stayed at the Gran bahia Principe from Feb 5-12, 2006. We went with another couple.I am a professional (MD) who travels regularly to many many hotels. The Gran Bahia Principe is an excellent hotel.StaffThe staff at this hotel are amazing. Their English isn't great but you can easily get by. We actually learn't a little more Spanish and found communication to be easy.RoomsInitially our room was a little damp and a bit smelly. This cleared after a few days and we weren't too fussy. MosquitosThere are Mosquitos here. We had a room on the ground floor and were told they were worst on the ground floor. They seem to come in through the bathroom so keep the bathroom door shut at night. Not a big problem though.SafeGet the safe in the room for piece of mind. It will cost about 20-30 USD for the week. Easy to use.FoodGreat food. The Buffets are good and plentiful. As others have posted - if you can't find something you like at the Buffet then you are way too picky! There is soo much to choose from. We had good meals at the French and Mediterranean restaurants. Didn't get to the Garden Grill but told it is good. Miss the seafood and Japanese if you have a choice. japanese is nice ambience but the food is substandard- we preferred the buffet.PoolsGreat pools! No problems getting chairs.BeachBeautiful! Bit of an undertow - be careful with little ones.Overall this is a good resort for the money you pay. We have been to much worse places in the Carribean.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Coinlady1956
<Content>Excellent! We just returned on 2/13/06 after an eight-day visit. The resort was simply beautiful. We were in the premier club, as we are empty nesters. Unfortunately, we paid the extra price and there were children. However, after the second day, we noticed they were not in the pool.The room was very nice, with a king size bed. Spacious and immaculate. The maids are attentive to your needs, despite the language barriers that exist at times. (We have definitely decided to learn Spanish!).The premier club has its own swimming pool, with swim-up pool bar. Eddy and Alexander were awesome bartenders, and ALWAYS happy! We met a lot of other people, all were very nice. Made some new friends, for sure.We did the Italian, Mexican, Steakhouse, and Seafood ala carte restaurants. No, it's not like Olive Garden or Red Lobster, but the food was better than the two other resorts I have visited in the Dominican. Buffets were plentiful, and you could always find something to eat!The resort is huge, and the trams were quite handy for us older types! We visited the beach a few times, but it was heavily populated. It is truly one of the most beautiful beaches I have seen.The weather was good, for the most part, with one day of about three hours of rain. A warning to all, they keep the tile floors immaculate, but they are SLIPPERY when wet! One guest ended up in a wheelchair, and I took a tumble. Nothing serious, more embarassing than anything.The casino is a bit of a joke......but did provide something to do as you were winding down at the end of the day.The only problem we had was at the Dominican airport. Suffice it to say, my wife is missing a $100 bill from her purse and her wedding ring. A long story, but DO NOT take your jewelry off when going thru xray. Some were told to do so, while others were not. Very discouraging.As I said, this was well worth the money. We were highly impressed with the attempts to speak English by the staff. At times, it became comical. The staff always seems to have a smile on their faces. We learned the bartender works 25 straight days, with 1 week off, and lives 9 hours, by bus, from the resort. I don't think I could be that happy for 25 days.A definite must-see if you go to the Dominican Republic. Feel free to email me with your questions.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RobertoChile
<Content>Great hotel, good value We spent with friends a week in the Gran Bahia Principe. I have been before in Punta Cana in the Barcel貌 Hotels, and I can say that this is much better. Huge hotel, beautiful beach, nice gardens, good food and a lot of restaurants. Of course it isn`t a deluxe hotel, but is a very good value for the price.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ninah
<Content>Nice but needs alot of help! This hotel is beautiful and clean but has some major problems.It is WAY too big!The food isn't bad just repetative but I didn't care about that.The service wasn't very good at all.I was there for two weeks and had to ask for my room to be cleaned every day and had to beg for towels every single night.The mini-bar was not refilled once the whole time I was there and the clock in the room was broken but as often as I asked for it to be fixed it never was done.The beach is beautiful though and I did not need to get up early to reserve a chair as I found lots of chairs at about 10:30 every morning.There is absolutely no entertainment so be ready to go elsewhere for that.There were alot of snack bars all over the resort but they closed early and you had to resort to the main buffet which is far from everything.All in all,while this hotelhas nice grounds(but it's HUGE)and people the service was definitely not what I expected it to be.Even though I can complain about the entertainment and lack of variety of food the only thing that bothered me was the rotten service.The fact that the resort is so huge is something that may not bother other people but I go traveling ALOT and I must say that this resort was big enough to have it as a negative aspect.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 5 star, but close! My boyfriend (32) and I (30) stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana from Jan 31st to Feb 7th. We stayed in Villa 8, in the Club Golden section (which is the closest to the beach). Club Golden includes private check-in/check-out, in room service, 4 a la carte restaurants, free internet and little extras in your room, such as bath robes, shampoo, body lotion etc.The resort is huge and the grounds are very well maintained. The beach was abolutely amazing! You could walk for miles and miles. The fine white sand and the aqua blue ocean were picture perfect! The pool closest to the beach was the best. There were plenty of chairs for everyone, but if you want a palapas for shade, you'll need to reserve it before 9:00am.The main buffet (close to the lobby) was the best for breakfast and lunch. At the French restaurant, we stronghly recommend the filet mignon. At the Mexican restaurant, we recommend the beef fajitas. At the Steakhouse, order the BBQ chicken, but make sure to ask for mashed potatoes (they're so goooood!). At the Japanese, the food was ok, but the ambiance and the service were great!A couple of comments about this resort. 1) The tennis courts are way too far and you have to pay for the electricity if you use them at night. We love tennis and didn't play during our stay. 2) You would think that the safe is included in the Club Golden package, well no. We had to pay 28$ US. 3) The girls working at the casino were very tired and had no smile on their face. Give them a break, they work 6 days a week! 4) And finally, we didn't do a lot of shopping simply because there's too much bargaining involved.5) We expected the entertainment to be much better - big dissapointment! All in all, it's a great resort, but I don't think we will be coming back. We prefer smaller resorts, where all the amenities and services are centralized. We strongly recommend that you try the RIU Caribe in Cancun - we went there last year and would go back in a heartbeat!!Cheerios!Annik  Roch  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sarahgreg414
<Content>Had a great time!!       Beach looking left (North?)  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bahia Principe Club Golden We just returned from Bahia Principe Club Golden and it was beautiful!! The people are extremely friendly, the beaches were absolutely breathtaking!! The resort was really big, but wonderful, very clean, very organized...we would go back in a heartbeat!!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wiganroamer
<Content>TOP HOTEL YOU'LL LOVE IT JUST RETURNED, WERE DO I START:-This place is a fantastic hotel,everything you could wish for,food, beach and even great weather. This is the best place i've been to so far, and i've been to a few places (mexico,bahamas,cuba, egypt,usa and a lot of europe).FOODThere is such a great choice, from chicken to beef,pasta to pancakes, fruit to salad, its endless.if you can't find something to eat you've got problems,(i'm a fussy eater and didn't have any problems).The waiters are just brilliant,always got a smile and can't do enough for you, thats with or without tips.We tried 3 of the a la carte restaurants (japanese, beach grill and the italian), all had great food+ serviceDRINKSYou name a cocktail,they have it,i tried most of the list, the best was coco loco and banana mamas. oh theres soft drinks available especially for the morning after. there is only one type of beer.ROOMSreally clean, nice big beds which are changed everyday. sat tv, mini-bar (refilled daily), ceiling fan, air con, safe (pay extra), jacuzzi,and hairdryer.The maids do a top job of cleaning them, always a smile and they loved my 3yr old.ENTERTAINMENTWas good,you could just watch or join in. at the pool area there was football and water polo, all great fun, also a save madonna show with all the entertainment team (super show). we saw a few shows at night they were good, we just wanted to relax in the lobby bar,(its hard work running after the little guy all day).I'd like to say a big thank you to all the staff and people (frank,lisa,marcus,becky(canada),gail the child miner, and hubby sorry didn't get his name (the ones asking about the street) andy, becky, harry,larnie) just to name a few, for making this a fantastic holiday to remember, cheers guys,JUST GET IT BOOKED, YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED I PROMISETHANKS AGAIN PAUL, CAROLYN AND JOSEPH (the fish)  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>harryOxford
<Content>Great Resort!!! My husband and I just returned this past Tuesday from the Bahia. Right now we are getting slammed with a blizzard in the East! Wish we were there. We stayed in the Golden Club on the Punta Cana side of the resort. Lovely,includes robes, room service, extra dinner in the restaurants. It cost an extra 300.00 for the both of us. Close to the beach . Do not stay in the Premiere section of the resort. You are very far from everything! I mean far! Also, the Bavaro side of the hotel has the worst sewage smell I have ever experienced. We have traveled extensively, and this was beyond the worst!! Remember when booking.We had dinner in the Mexican ,French, Grill,Italian. The grill was our favorite. Service was top notch. I mean it! Neither one of us suffered any Gi problems. The beach was incredible. Do not bother bringing your snorkel equipment. This is not Mexico. I reallly enjoyed it. If you are on the beach facing the shore, turn left and walk about 200 feet. There is a secluded area with beach chairs, and a snack bar that is empty. We found this on our second to last day. Wonderful!! The other snack bar is very busy!! We did get a couples massage. Heavenly. I did not like that the spa is so far from the main are. That have a great hydrotherapy cente. That is an extra charge, which we did not realize. We walked in twice and used it without anyone noticing. I wondered why no one was in there!!! We lucked out. We did not push our luck and we are not that way. Entertainment is just like any other all-inclusive. They try. We did go on 2 excursions. we hired a driver and spent 4 hours with him. He was a friend of a tour guide. Great exposure to the island. As one trip advisor said, do not send your wife there alone. Resorts are extremeley safe. The island is lush and tropical. We went to a city named Higuey. Nice experience. Also went on a quad tour. Great fun. Bring some candy for the kids who beg. They kept wanting my scarf. I felt so sorry for them. I loved the Domincan We will definetly be back! By the way it was already hiumid in February. Be prepared! This Bahia resort was opur favorite! We have been to all of them. Go enjoy!! Alos gym was very basic. It is located in the spa are. We did not bother. We work out all the time. If you travel with children, be careful of the sea. Too rough for them! Head to the Riviera maya in Mecico for calmer waters. There Bahia is great also. Enjoy!!!!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>csk123
<Content>Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro the best so far This resort has class written all over it. From check-in to check-out you are treated royally. Truly a ***** star resort. Seven ala-cartes, 3 buffets, 3 beach grills, 6 bars, 5 swimming pools and a beach 500x25M. No matter what time you come to the beach or the pools, there are always chairs and a patch of shade. The rooms are Jr. suites, so quite large, with a mini-fridge and a safe for your valubles. Bathroom has a jacuzzi. The staff are outstanding. Even if language is a barrier, they make an effort to be understood.The food is very good. We went to all the ala-cartes. The main buffet is the best we have been to.The resort has a spa and gym. There is a tram system to take people around the resort because it is so big. SK  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ocobrown
<Content>Great for Kids We have just returned from a fortnight at the Bahia Principe. We were a bit apprehensive as we were travelling with 2 young children (2 and 4 years) and hoped that the food and facilities wood be OK for us all. We were worrying about nothing - the resort was brilliant and we all had a great time.My son (4 years) spent the holiday trying to grow gills, he spent that much time in the pool, and our daughter loved the childrens pool. The sea was fairly rough for small kids so we didn't spend much time in it, but the water was really warm and clear and the swims we had in the ocean were fantastic. Pools are great, I liked the way each had a childrens area (with safety railings separating from main pool) and an area like a beach where water went from 1cm to 95cm really gradually.The hotel says that sunbeds must not be reserved, however, everyone does, especially round the pool. If you want beds with shade you have to get your beds by 8am.... However, no problem on the beach, or if not fussed about being by an umbrella.Kids turned very picky about food on holiday, and for first 5 days would only eat pasta in tomato based sauce - fortunately you could get this in every restaraunt in the hotel, even the a la carte places were prepared to whip up something off menu that the kids fancied!We ate in the Japonese (fabulous, really nice surroundings too), Seafood (twice, excellent salmon), Mediteranean (OK, but felt a bit pretentious, food didn't live up to description on menu), Italian and Mexican (both really disappointing).As we were in a block close to the sea, we ate breakfast in the mexican, which is nice as you look out over the pool, and it is far quieter than the main buffet (which was manic the one morning we had breakfast up there). We always had lunch at the beach, either at one of the three snack places, or in the mexican (which didn't do mexican food at breakfast or lunchtime in case you were wondering!) -and the seafood restaraunt is also open at lunchtime, but we didn't go there. Main buffet was OK, lots of choice. Problem was there was a strong, unpleasant smell as you walked into the buffet, and within 2 days my son was describing it as the smelly restaraunt - he really disliked eating there. However, once you were inside, you couldn't really smell it, but it was always dark in there (even during the day) and I preferred the other places to eat as they were all brighter and airier.Hotel was absolutely spotless, no complaints at all about cleanliness. Our maid was fantastic, room was cleaned to exceptional standard, and we always had plenty of clean towels (including beach towels) and mini bar well stocked daily.Staff really friendly and love kids. We didn't find language to be any problem at all - even though most staff spoke just a little english it was significantly more than our Spanish! Hand gestures worked just as well!Kids disco in the evening could have been much better, though the children enjoyed it each night anyway. We felt that the dance songs could be varied - even the kids got fed up of dancing to the same 6 songs each night. They also did a game each night which resulted in kids being knocked out one by one to get a winner. This usually took too long, so kids knocked out first had to sit around for 15 minutes or so. Shorter, snappier activities might be more successful. Can't really comment on the other entertainment as we only saw part of 3 shows - didn't feel like we missed out though.....All in all, a really good holiday, and would recommend to anyone!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall a fabulous vacation destination with only a few concerns. My wife and I, along with another couple just returned on feb 9th from a weeks stay. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would certainly recommend this hotel. Positives are plentiful; The hotel complex and grounds are massive (perhaps a negative to some). The hotel is made up of mini villas each with their own, very large pool. A great alternative if you don't want to make your way down to the beach. The rooms were large and very clean as were the rest of the grounds. In fact, we couldn't stop commenting on the cleanliness all week. The beach is one of the best I've seen. Beautiful green waters, white, never ending sand in both directions. The beach was busy, but we never really had any problems finding chairs (and we were not early risers). There was a casino on the grounds, but even though it said it opened a 4pm each day, the tables never opened until 8pm. It was very small, with maybe 2-3 BJ tables, a poker table and a couple of roulette tables with maybe about 10-15 slots. It was certainly the smallest casino I've ever seen. The food was good. The buffets had a great selection and they were spread out throughout the complex. Always one available whether you were at the beach or near your room, for breakfast, lunch and dinner. A la carte restaurants, during our stay, were hit and miss. Improvements could be made here. Examples would be that steaks we ordered medium rare would come well done, lobster overcooked, etc. We unfortunatly found this to be the case in all but one of the a la carte locations. Staff was friendly and incredibly helpful, however, the language barrier made it difficult at times. We found only a small percentage of the staff spoke english. For those looking for a quick outing to see the local surrondings, most will suggest La Romona or Higuey, both which are 45min to an hour by cab. But once you talk to the local staff (guest service reps, or even your travel rep on location) they all seem to imply that they aren't really worth the trip. This point is not really a hotel specific thing but more of a location thing. So don't expect to find any real shopping, either at the resort or in nearby Bavaro shopping center (which is not really a center, but more of a cluster of tourists shops) . I do recommend checking it out though as it is only about 10 mins by cab (about $10 USD each way) and it does give you an opportunity to check out the locals with some fairly authentic local bars and restaurants. Just expect the merchants to be all over you as you walk by their stores (looking is free as they say). Although it appears very safe, I wouldn't send my wife there alone. Anyway, if shopping is your thing, perhaps a resort close to their major city, Santa Domingo is a better choice. And don't forget anything, a bottle of suntan lotion at the hotel is $30 USD. I guess you are a captive audience once you get there. You will also find a 'sewer' smell near the lobby which also lingers in the lobby stores as well as the large buffet, which can be very unpleasant when you are eating. I know It seems that I've focused on some negatives but it depends on your interests. If you are into relaxing and lounging in the sun in a nice large very clean resort with a beautiful beach then this is the place to be. Excursions and day events are plentiful (at a price for some of them). Evening entertainment was fun but we would have enjoyed a few more options. There was really only the theatre and the outside courtyard stage, which started late. Again, I would certainly recommend Punta Cana and this hotel!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Loved maid service I just came back from my vacation. My husband, children and I stayed at Gran Bahia and we loved it. Food is great, people are very friendly.Our maid took very very good care of us during our stay. We spent my son's birthday in this resort and Our maid prepared a surprise with balloons, art made with towels and candy. Excellent touch!!. That surprise took our breath away!. Our Son got so happy I even cried of happiness. Our maid surprised all of us and don't even khow how she knew. This is a A++ to bah铆a. Attention to details like this made our vacation worthwhile.We thank our maid Mery. We absolutely recomend this resort for families!.See you in December!!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hehateme
<Content>beyond expectations The Bahia Principe is a wonderful top notch resort. Let me start with the staff, A+, they didnt speak much english but they were really helpful with everything. The Grounds on the resort were Extremely Groomed and lovely. The Lobby at the main was marbled floored and brass rails and nice artwork. We (my wife and I) got transfered to the Premier section of the resort. This section opened in May of 05 so it was really nice. The pool in the premeir section was Adults and I didnt really see any children running around. The beach was nicer thaan what are in the travel mags and on the internet. The sand was WHITE and the Ocean was spectacular. The complaints about the chairs being reserved early I didnt find true. We stayed to the left of the snack bars (Looking at the ship) near the volleyball court and there were always chairs available. The Food was good. The buffett was good, no it was O'Charlies or Appleby's but then again we are in a foreign counrty. The Speciality restaurants were really good, we really enjoyed the oriental, followed closely by the seafood. Yes we went to the French, it was my Wife's birthday and maybe we partied a little too much that day, and then Champange for the Birthday Girl Oh well,French was good. The shopping was different, not bad different but again we are not in the US and going to pick it up @ Target or Wal-mart. They had neat local things at the shops and on Friday night in the square they had Local Vendors night. Plenty of jewelry, coffee, rum, and other items. All in all A++ 5 star all the way, met plenty of nice people (Tex, Phyllis, the Canadian Wedding Party, and the St. Louis contingency) It was a awesome time would head back in a heartbeat. Too bad I cannot get paid for vacationing.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best beaches and cocktails       Arriving  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TazmanianTeam
<Content>We're Loco over CocoLocos! Our family just returned from Punta Cana last week and we had a ball. The Gran Bahia Principe was lovely. The grounds and accomadations were perfect. We enjoyed the food in the buffets and the selection was amazing, something for everyone. We enjoyed all of the a la carte restaurants also, they treated you like royalty and the food was gourmet by most normal peoples' standards. Fantastic. The pools and barstaff were top notch, try the cocolocos! I've read many negative things about the entertainment in the theatre but we enjoyed them all. You won't find any harder working people than the members of the animation team. I don't know when they have a personal life. You may see them giving out towels and rounding up interest in a poolside game of bingo during the afternoon, then you'll spot them as one of the talented dancers in the evening theatre shows. Overall we had a real blast and would return tommorrow if our wallets would allow. We highly recommend it to all.PS I forgot to mention the gourgeous unending beach. We had so much fun playing in the waves.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Times @ The Bahia!!       Sky  Sun Settting--gorgeous!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>britchikincanada
<Content>Awesom       View from our room  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CanadaMonique
<Content>Alittle dissappointed       View of Room from Balcony  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Steve1959
<Content>Best Vacation Ever I just returned on Feb 4/06 from Bahia Principe. Check in was a breeze, they give you your tickets on the bus on the way to the resort and when the bus stops the bell hops take you and your luggage right to your door by tram. There is always somewhere to eat and drink 24 hours a day. I ate like a king, the food was just awesome. The buffet's were really good, even down at the beach they were good. We had 3 a la carts and all 3 were very good. Japanese, Italian and the Gourmet grill. Make sure you book them the first day. The people are very friendly. The catamaran trip with speed boat and snokeling was a very worth while trip, lots of rum. I would definitely go back to this resort. It is also very clean, mable everywhere.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing We stayed at the Bahia Principe on January 21-28 and let me tell you that it is a very good place to stay. The food was excellent lots to choose from and the service was very good. The rooms are kept very clean and we had no trouble with any bugs in the room. The pools and beach area are kept clean and are very spacious and lots of cabanas and chairs to choose from. Enjoy the tram, even though you can walk the distance,the tram is a fun thing to hop on, you meet a lot of people this way.We found all staff to be friendly and happy even though there jobs are a lot of work. They always seem to be happy and there is always a smile on there faces. WE were 6 people and everybody had a blast. I would recommend this place to anyone and I am thinking of going back again next year.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Totally Awesome and we would definitely return This resort was amazing. We went with another couple and had an amazing time. The resort was very big which was a little concern before we arrived. Once we seen the resort we were amazed by how beautiful and well kept it was. Grounds were always keep clean and everything was always looking new. The workers never stop.. I swear the duster guy kept the main lobby floor shined all day and not a speck of dust could be found.Weather was great and we had 7 days of sunshine with one night of rain and maybe a sun shower or two during the week which lasted maybe five minutes.Rooms were large and clean. Jacuzzi tub was a bonus. Our room over looked our pool and was aprox 8 minute walk to the beach pool and the ocean. We thought this was kind of far at first but once we found out how central the room was it was the best location for us.Food was amazing and the service was great. Our glasses were never empty.My only complaint was the smell of the septic near the theatre.. It wasn't all the time, but quite frequently we could smell the stench.Over all we were very please with the resort.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely time--friendly staff Just returned yesterday (February 5, 2006) and wanted to let everyone know of the nice time we had at the Bahia Principe.Hotel: Beatiful--rooms were nice and clean and nicely decorated. Our maid was lovely, and even though she didn't speak any english, we got along just fine with a bit of sign language and a lot of smiles. Staff was very friendly. It was an adventure to get many of them to understand what you were trying to say, but they always either tried to figure out what you were telling them, or brought over someone with better English to help. I thought they were all just great.Food: Was OK. Had a little bit of indigestion, but that was mostly because the foods weren't prepared like we do them in the U.S. After a couple of days, we were fine. Buffet was hit and miss. Sometimes delicious, sometimes a little iffy. No one starved, though. The sit-down restaurants were fine. The French was just OK. The mediterranean restaurant was pretty tasty, as was the Italian. Excursions: We went snorkeling off Catalina Island. Well worth the $80 US we paid for the trip. We were gone all day, fed, snorkeled twice, sat on the beach, and had a great time. Even danced on the boat on the way back. Outback Safari was fine, but bumpy. Roads are atrocious there. Had a great time drinking Ron and coke off the back of the truck, and went boogy boarding after.Warning: the Punta Cana airport is very confusing. Don't let the baggage handlers take your bags--it's hard to get them back. Just take your time and don't panic if things run slow--you should be OK.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Nicky43
<Content>Wow! We have just returned (february 3rd) from a wonderful holiday at this hotel. We have travelled extensively, so feel that we have much to compare with.We had read previous reviews regarding the Dominican Republic so we were a little skeptical at first.We have absolutely no complaints at all and believe me, I am the first to complain should anything go wrong.Wow! What an amazing hotel. The rooms are large well decorated and very clean. In fact, Everywhere throughout this hotel is very clean!The food was always fresh, we had great selection, much better than we had expected. There are many different restaurants to try within the hotel grounds all different themes, all excellent.The grounds are beautiful and a pleasure to stroll through.The BEACH! Well what can we say? Miles and miles of beautiful soft white, clean sand. Heaven!Yes there are mosquitoes! We forgot to take the bug spray oops! and we did get bitten, a lot!Remember to take your bug spray! One can, will cost you 18.00 USD in the hotel store, no Joke!We would definately without doubt, reccomend this hotel and destination. We can't wait to return in the future.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>andykay
<Content>Good but not great Arrived home after a 1 week stay at the Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana. We did enjoy alot of things at this resort but by no means consider it to be a 4 or 5 star. Check in was a breeze. Room on the ground floor flooded 3 days in a row due to heavy rainfall. The smell gives away the fact that this happens on a regular basis. You have to clean up the mess yourself as we were told `It's raining what do you want us to do`. The rooms and all the grounds, washrooms and restaurants were very clean. The beach was wonderful. We were supposed to go on a 2 day excursion and had to wait to be confirmed, the idea being if they didn't confirm you were not going (they offer this excursion because the hotel is always overbooked and they want your room). We were not confirmed and even went to the service dept to check...on the day of the excursion we were woken by a call asking why we were not in the lobby as they were waiting for us??? Later we were told the reason they didn't confirm was because we were not in the room to receive the call. They seem totally confused when we asked why they didn't leave a message. The food was the biggest disappointment. The buffet restaurant had a smell I can't describe and it made us both feel queasy. The a la carte restaurants were ok but nothing to write home about. We are not picky people and if a place is clean and the food decent we don't complain, but after the build-up for this place we were both sorely disappointed. We will not be going back!!!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful 5 Star Resort - (Exclusive of Entertainment)       The Spa  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Herman1966
<Content>Great potential but did not deliver Just returned from one week at Bahia Principe in Punta Cana.Having read the reviews here we emailed some requests (2nd floor room, adjacent rooms, location of rooms) to them the week before, got a couple of responses, but never got a final confirmation that our requests would be met. When we arrived, there was no sign of our email so none of our requests were granted.The resort property itself is great. Very beautiful, great pools and a nice beach. If you've been to Melia Caribe Tropical it has a very similar feel.Generally the staff were very friendly and accomodating to our group of 4 adults and 4 kids.But there are a few buts.1. There are restaurants all around the resort but many of them are not open for lunch. This is unfortunate especially if you've had a big breakfast at the buffet and just want to grab a quick bite near the central pool and eat outdoors. Trekking everyone to the main buffet to eat in air conditioning is something we would have preferred not to do.2. The main buffet smells like sewage. It's faint but once you notice it, it's hard to ignore.3. Mosquito's. We had a main floor room in building 15 which is next to a swamp and we got eaten alive every night despite using insecticide and deet and never openening our balcony. To put it in perspective, when we returned, everyone thought our kids had a rash on their face - there are close to 40-50 bites on our kids faces. Incidentally, we asked mid week to move to a 2nd floor and were given the room directly above. Not a single mosquito. Too bad our email request to be on a 2nd floor got lost/ignored. Sorry Bahia Principe, you're only as good as your weakest link.4. Food selection was somewhat limited. They try really hard with a la carte restaurants but it's hit and miss. Japanese restaurant ambience is great but the food is not much better than mall food court food. For some reason, all the spanish resorts (in contrast to American and British) seem to add beef or pork to everything. The beach side grill had burgers, hot dogs, fries, pasta, and various interesting vegetable dishes such as eggplant etc. Unfortunately, only the fries had no meat in them. Having some healthy/vegetarian choices would make sense like veggie burgers and pasta with tomato sauce.Not sure we'd go back.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mandif9
<Content>Reccommend!       Part of pool  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great vacation My Partner and I visited the Dom.Republic in Punta cana in Jan. we had travelled to the mayan Riv. last year and decided to go to Punta Cana as a result of the hurricane we were not at all dissapointed. the Gran Bahia was large but it did not bother us as we were the diamond club and so we got to have a quieter and better spot at the pools and a really nice restaurant for breakfast and lunch. the tram system running all day and night got you to where you were going in just a few minutes. The Beach at Bavaro is the most beautiful I have ever seen, and I seen lots. I loved the beach vendors, thought you can bargain quite well so I came home with a painting and some nice inexpensive jewellery. the food in the hotel at the buffet was just okay, in the restaurants it was a bit better, but the place made up for it. Everyone said the Japanese Restaurant was the best, it is not, the French and the Steak Place were much better,maybe it is because we live in Vancouver and we have so many great japenese restaurants. All in all I would give this Place a 5out of 5 as we have a few problems with our room, they took care of it within 24 hours. Don't be afraid to book this place you wonn't be sorry, the only thing the Entertainment every night at the Theatre is bad. but all the other stuff they have going on makes up for it.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tp-mich
<Content>Awesome resort!!! Just returned from the Bahia Principe after a one week trip with my girlfriend. We are both in our late 20's and had plenty to do. The customer service at the resort is amazing and better than I've seen at hotels in the U.S. Sorry, but I don't really get the people who say the resort is too big. We never once took the shuttles. It was a 3 minute walk to the beach and a 10 minute walk to the buffets. Big deal! Here are some highlights:Pool - Absolutely incredible. The main pool is huge and has bars all around it. There are also snack bars that have very good food on both sides of the pool. Some of the European tourists hanging out in groups were a little loud and rude, but that happens anywhere I guess. Food - The pastas, bread, pizza, chicken, fruit at the buffets were all excellent. Some of the meats like pork and beef were maybe average. Also, there isn't a good selection of salad dressings. Other than that, the food was very, very good. The French and Japanese restaurants were excellent. The Italian restaurant I felt was average. Bars - Great! The lobby bar is the best, but only open until 11:00. All the pool bars are great too and the bartenders do an excellent job. The karaoke bar is nice too with a nice patio outside. Pueblo Principe - Very cool. There are stands in the square and stores all around it. Some of the sellers in the square tend to hound people walking by, but just tell them you don't have money on you and they leave you alone. Rooms - Excellent. There were some little ants in the room, so make sure not to leave food or drinks open. Great king size bed, the balcony and mini-bar were nice, and the room was huge. I hope this review helps!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dickepa
<Content>Very relaxing - beautiful resort We returned on 02/01/06 from a 7 day stay, and agree with all of the positive experiences that have been posted in the past regarding this resort, so I won鈥檛 reiterate those. We booked this trip through Apple vacations and would definitely recommend them. We were met at the airport in Detroit and Punta Cana by Apple reps and also had an Apple rep at the resort. If there was ever a problem you could go to the Apple rep and she would get it resolved.We did not have any problem with the language. We had fun trying to learn some Spanish and we always received what we were trying to get. If you really needed something there was always someone close by from the resort that understood English.There was a great selection of food - always something interesting to try at the buffets. We ate at the Mediterranean, Japanese, Gourmet (French) and Seafood ala carte restaurants. The Mediterranean is fairly new and was the best 鈥?order the Lobster Provencal if you like seafood 鈥?it is the chef鈥檚 special.Bringing along insulated mugs was a great suggestion 鈥?sure beats repeated trips to the bars to fill up the little plastic cups. A lot of people do get to the beach early to reserve their spot, but there were always chairs and umbrellas available on the left side of the beach - near the volleyball court. The resort was supposedly full the week we were there, but we never felt even the least bit crowded. One suggestion that I had not seen posted concerned calling back to the U.S. My Verison phone had a full signal (it indicated roam) but I did not try it. We bought a Verison calling card for about $10 (U.S.) that was good for about 45 minutes. The hotel charged $1 (U.S.) when you made a call from the room (just dial 9-611). It was an easy way for us to keep in touch with kids and parents back home.The small amount of shopping we did was from the resort lobby stores, which turned out to be a pretty good bargain compared to the beach vendors and the outdoor market on the resort grounds. I would suggest you at least look in the lobby stores to get an idea of the prices they charge before you begin your 鈥渉aggling鈥?experience with the vendors. We bought coffee for $4 (U.S.) and the beach vendors wanted $14 to start!!We stayed in the Premier section and found it very enjoyable. It has its own pool and buffet restaurant. We love kids, but as in any family resort, there were times when it was nice to escape from the inevitable crying babies. It was a long way from the beach, but the shuttles were very reliable and the walks helped offset some of the extra eating we did. We spent time by the pool and on the beach 鈥?loved both. Scheduling the water sport activities on the beach was no problem. They will reserve a spot 2 days in advance 鈥?we got to do everything we wanted to do.In conclusion, if you didn鈥檛 have a great time at this resort 鈥?you probably should have just stayed home. I would be glad to try to answer any questions you have.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bahia is a great resort! We are in our 30's - spent two weeks at Bahia Bavaro side January 15-January 29th.Check in: Short and sweet. Great front desk staff. Same at check out time. Very helpful.Room: I've been to about 25 all inclusive hotels in the past 15 years - from Aruba to Jamaica. This room was ok - nice balcony and a jacuzzi tub but nothing to go on about. Satellite TV was good. Beds comfy. Keep your patio door CLOSED- otherwise, bugs.Grounds: Immaculately manicured and LARGE. If you don't like walking, don't go to this resort. They do have shuttles running frequently, but you will still wait. We walked everywhere and thoroughly enjoyed it.Beach: Absolutely one of the most gorgeous beaches you will ever see in your life. Worth the cost of the entire trip. We walked on the beach every day.Food: One of the most important things for me. Food at the main buffet (both Bavaro and Punta Cana sides) was good with alot of variety. If you have kids, they even have a mini kids buffet section with hot-dogs, french fries etc. For the big kids, everything you can imagine and it's all delicious. Especially the chocolate mousse. Wow is all I can say.Specialty restaurants; If you go to this resort, my suggestion is that if you want to eat at any of these restaurants, book the first day you are there and book them all at once. Japanese is terrible - Italian is mediocre at best. But the Grill is FANTASTIC. Cafe de Paris ROCKS - the lobster/steak dinner was fabulous and the service at this French restaurant outdoes the service at the entire resort. Go there twice and skip the Japanese.Staff: Overall, the staff were well mannered and friendly. There will always be the bad seeds that spoil it for everyone else. Eight out of ten employees are extremely nice. Some just hate their job, hate tourists, and behave in an insolent manner. Be VERY nice to Raysa the hostess at the Bavaro buffet. She belongs to the small percentage of employees that I mentioned. Insolent is the only word I can use (on this site) to describe Raysa.Cleanliness; I am a clean freak. You can eat off the floor here. The washrooms everywhere put any washroom in North America to SHAME. It freaked me out how clean it was. Very nice to see this.Pools: Clean and nice. Not too crowded. Umbrellas for all. I don't sit at pools often but did at the Bahia.I also swam in the pool and it was clean. Save yourself some chairs if you get up early enough.SPA/Gym/Tennis/Mini golf: We played tennis and loved it. Also, we worked out at the gym five times and enjoyed it. Two treadmills, an elliptical, some bikes and weights. I give it a 7/10. It does get crowded at the end of the day around 5. Mini golf is fun as well and they have a great spa list. Ruth Ann and Alexander are both awesome. They are a breath of fresh air to deal with - just really nice people.Overall, a 4 star experience in a five star resort setting. That's what you will get. There are always things that you want to change but I really enjoyed it at Bahia and would consider going again. Did alot of research on this site, and what you read (and see in the photos) is what you'll get. If you are going through Sunquest, try and book the Diamond Club room area. You will get use of the exclusive Diamond area pool and your room will most likely be between the beach and the main dining area. Also, a coffee maker in your room! Very nice in the morning.P.S. lots of topless bathing and European travellers.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jeff2005
<Content>Great food/windy beach/slippery when wet... Just returned from a two-week stay with a group of friends. Restaurants: French: 鈥榣e Gourmet鈥?and 鈥楥af茅 Paris鈥?were definitely the best. Had fillet mignon with five-peppercorn sauce, smoked salmon, lobster salad, and very good chocolate deserts. Don鈥檛 order the lamb cutlets, very tiny and tough.Mediterranean was our second choice. We had the moussaka, pork souvlaki, beef, Greek salad, shrimp steak, and vanilla cheesecake. All was very good.El Pesacador (seafood) is our third choice. You go to the salad buffet for appetizers: mussels, seafood soup, calamari. Had tenderloin steak, shrimp, and chocolate desert.Garden Grill (steak house) was our fourth choice. Had beef tenderloin, lamb chops, and cheesecake. Make sure you order the meat well done, it鈥檚 undercooked.Italian was our fifth. Linguine in a very rich cheese sauce for an appetizer and various soups. The lasagne and veal were good. The pizza was very bland, very little toppings. The tiramisu for desert was good.Japanese was our least favourite. Located on the Bavero side of the lobby. Serve chicken, shrimp, sole, beef, and vegetables. The beef was tough and they rush you through the dinner. You sit with a group of ten and then go to another section of the restaurant for desert  coffee.El Charro (Mexican) we didn鈥檛 go to. Buffets: One in each lobby(Bavero/Punta Cana). You have to eat in the buffet on the side you checked in, either Punta Cana or Bavero. Wide selection of food. Stuck to the salads and quiche for lunch. Very good seafood, tuna, egg, and crab salads. Lots of vegetables, pasta, chicken, other fried foods. Service was very good. Opens at 1:00 p.m. to 3:30 p.m. for lunch and 6:30 p.m. for dinner.Beach Buffets: 鈥榣as Olas鈥?had the least variety. BBQ chicken, hot dogs, salad, hamburgers, vegetables, pasta, rice, and rolls. 鈥楨l Pisces鈥?by the pool had more variety of salads and pasta. Serves lunch starting at noon. Rooms: Three storey villas with 36 rooms in each. Large/clean with marble bathroom and sitting area. The showerhead adjusts in height and there is a Jacuzzi tub. Changed the sheets everyday. Pillow top mattresses. Maid service was very good. Coffee maker/umbrella in room.Beach: Nice and clean. Plenty of chairs/palpas. Can walk for miles. Very rough and windy for most of the time we were there, red flag. Pools: Main pool by the beach very loud and crowded. The other two pools were quieter with fewer people. Water was cool.Entertainment: Animation was lip sinking. Played music in lobby until 11:00 p.m. then lights go out. Have to move to Pueblo Principe after 11:00 p.m.. There was a house band playing in the courtyard. We never saw a piano in the piano/karaoke bar. Disco opens from midnight to 2:00 a.m.. Have to sign for your drinks at the disco. If you tip the DJ he鈥檒l play your requests.Drinks: white wine is Italian, mixed fruit drinks were very good. Service from the waitresses in the lobbies was better than the bartenders.Be careful walking in the lobbies, the marble floors are very slippery when wet. This is a family resort. Didn鈥檛 see any single people. Only complaints were the weather (very windy, rough water on  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too large!! My husband and I just got back from the Bahia Principe punta cana. We were there from jan 23 - jan 31, 2006. Heres a quick review.Rooms and GroundsWord of advice, email the resort to book your room ahead of time!!! Trust me or you will be stuck back in the Premeir section 15 min from the beach.Rooms were very nice and the grounds beautiful, but this hotel has about 1900 rooms so your looking at as many as 5000 people. We were put way in the back called the Premier section. we were told we were treated special that we had our own pool for our complex and our own buffet and that we could go anywere else in the resort yet the others could not come into our section. This is the same lie that they tell everyone who stays there. There is No exclusive sections anyone can go any where they want, they gove the same speel to the Diamond section and others. They do have shuttle buses to get to the beach and restuarants otherwise if your in the Premier section it's a 10 to 15 miniute walk to the beach by shuttle it's 3 min, but alot of times the shuttles are filled up and you have to wait for the next one. Our maid started to get cheap on the towels as the week went by. By the 5th day we were given no bathshower towels or coffee. Our rooms never got cleaned until around 5:00pm and our sheets did not seemed to be cleaned all week. There was also a bad sewage smell that would linger through the main lobby and side of the bavaro side I felt sorry for the people that had their rooms there cause that would stink!!ServiceThey love the spanish or italian/portugeese speaking people. They do not speak good english, which is ok, but you would expect reception to understand you when you ask questions. Alot of things we had to figure out on our own. Poor communication. We did not know you could use the bikes, until mid week. Make sure you get your towel cards back each time you return your towels otherwise it's a $20us fee each. The girl down by the main pool (beach) is not very friendly to canadians or americans and seems like she trys to scam you if you don't know the rule.EntertainmentTerrible!!! How many times do you have to sit through bad vactioner's interaction shows!! The dance shows were ok, yet same stuff all the time. They try. I did'nt try the disco, but heard it was not good. Not much beach activities the people in charge were always just sitting around talking amongst themselves. Not organized.ShoppingNot much, it's on the premises yet expensive. There is a little market place on the beach about 1.5 kms away which you can walk to maybe better deals there. No towns close by. Santa Domingo is 3 hours away.Food/DrinksPretty good. Buffets are pretty much the same every night. There are 9 retaurants. You can eat at 3 if your there for 1 week, must book with customer service relations there. We ate at the Paris (Great and great service the best all week) Itallian (------, service they did not come for our order until 30 minutes later and then another 45 minutes to get food) Garden Grill ( service fair good food). Drinks (we don't drink) but I heard from others it was bad!!! No Baileys or Canadian Club Whiskey you have to pay extra for some drinks, they serve you only their cheap brand, and the wine ----- too. One day they closed off one of the beach snack bars for a private party therefore made the other beach snack bar extremely busy, poor organization.Beach/poolThe best part. So if you're going for the beach, this is fabulous. You can walk forever and it's wide and clean. Had a few windy days hard to lay on beach cause sand blowing around. There are 5 pools, but unless you put your stuff on a chair at 7:00am you won't get a chair, sometimes same problem at the beach.Bottom line - Beach awesome - hotel too large and poor communication and organization. I probably would not go back, alot of people we talked to said that too. Some people suggested the Isberostar or the Riu for smaller and better food/booze and organization. Hope this helps!!Frequent traveller toronto canada  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>DebbieOttawaCanada
<Content>Absolutley fantastic! We just returned from a 2 week holiday at the Bahia Principe Bavaro in Punta Cana. We were there from Jan. 13th to Jan. 27th, 2006. We were quite excited to stay there, as we had walked through the resort last year when we were staying at the Grand Paradise Bavaro, so we knew what we would be getting. Let me just say that this resort does not disappoint! Rooms - Very large...with a jacuzzi tub..we got the third floor and king size bed as requested. The rooms were immaculate...and the room was made up the same regardless of whether or not we left a tip. The only complaint would be our view..we looked out on the construction site of what they are building next door..but we were never in our rooms anyways.Grounds - All I can say is immaculate as well. Everywhere you looked there were people cleaning, and the gardens are very lush considering the age of the resort. Lobby - 2 lobbies...mirror images of each other...beautiful marble floors and spacious. The floors were constantly being waxed... At night time they always had live music playing...people danced or just sat around enjoying their drinks. Great meeting place..Entertainment - We never watched the shows, as we been to the DR many times and find that they are all the same..but the entertainment in the lobby was always good...and from what we heard the music in the Pueblo after the shows was excellent as well. You could certainly never be bored...there was a casino and internet cafe as well.Food - Absolutely fantastic, compared to other DR resorts that we have been to. Great selection, no huge line-ups at the buffets..and great specialty restaurants. Our favourite was the Italian...One word of advice...when you get there go to guest services and book all of your specialty restaurants at the same time..that way you will get the times that you want.Beach - Absolutely magnificent....and we never had problems finding chairs or shade. If you go to the left of Las Olas II Snack Bar..there are always chairs..plus it is quieter as well. Pools..well maintained..and again..we never had problems getting chairs..and we are not early risers.Daytime Entertainment..there was always something to do if you wanted to. I particularly liked the beach aerobics..where you actually worked up a sweat..and the 430pm stretching on the beach...kind of a mix of yoga and stretching..and you are facing the ocean..nothing more relaxing...Flights/Tour Operator - Sunwing Vacations...we flew direct out of Ottawa...although the times of the flight could have been better..we found that Sunwing airlines had great service ...much more leg room than Skyservice..good food...free headsets...champagne..it was a great way to start and end the vacation. As well..our flights were on time... Our representative at the hotel was Socrates..and he was very helpful as well. Would I go back there again....definitely! We actually loved that the grounds were so large as we were able to walk off that good food..we never ended up taking the trams..which were always there!Enjoy!Debbie/Ruvin from Ottawa  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>radman2020
<Content>Relaxing beautiful resort       dancing show  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Scubagirl40
<Content>Pack your bags!! We just returned on Jan.28 from Gran Bahia Pricipe, Punta Cana. It was amazing.T he food was great the a la carts even better. I would recomend the Grill reataurant and the Italian. We were there as diamond members and you do get a few extras. Most of the people speak english but you will run into a few who don't, remember you are in their country you should be trying to speak spanish! Get a book with phrases like where is the bath room, I would like, I don't like, etc. They aprieciate you trying and we had a lot of laughs with some of the things we found out we were saying.There can be alot of walking if you want or the trolly runs constantly. The restaurants on the beach are great for lunch and it saves going up to the buffet. The lobby bar is great to sit around at night and Pueblo Pricipe town which is right on the resort is fun for some night life. There are times when the main area (lobby bar) area does have an odour problem we called it the poo bar! If you don't like it you can go to another bar there are lots to choose from, ( this was my only complaint and we made a joke out of it, its not worth getting upset over!)Over all the best vacation we've had everything is beautiful and well kept. Lots of fun!!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KDenn
<Content>Great Time My girlfriend and I stayed at The GBP from Jan 17-24 and we had a fantastic time. The people who gave this place a rating of 1, 2 or 3 out of 5 might as well stay home because you are not going to have a good time anywhere. The only problem we had was that we stayed for 1 week, next year it will certainly be 2  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rink_Guy
<Content>This was a real nice place........ My wife, two kids and I stayed at the Bahia Principe for a week (Jan. 16-23), we had a real good time. I won't get into detail about everything in the resort that most others have mentioned, just a quick overall reveiw. Food: It was good, real good. I was never disappointed and neither were the kids. Lots to chose from at the buffets. The ala cartes were nice and a lot of them to chose from. The service exceptional!Rooms: Nice in size and kept very clean. The maids were there from morning 'til night.Service: Was good at the resturants and at the bar, if you needed a drink. Bell boys were attentitive when asked to help and the staff at the front desk was terrific. Yeah, it would have been nice if they understood more english and on the same note I'm sure they think it would be nice if we spoke a little more spanish. We bought a latin phrasebook at Chapters before we left, just in case...Pools: Nice and clean. We found that the pool down by the beach was crowded but the other two were not busy at all. As for reserving your seat at the pool and beach get up and get there early if you want to save a particular seat. We only had one incident were some moved our towels and took our seats. Kids club: The building itself was nice and clean. There was an area for the kids to do crafts, a TV with a Game Cube, and a TV for movies. The staff kept the kids busy for most of the day with trips to the beach, video game tournaments, crafts, outdoor games and more. If you have been to a KC anywhere in the Caribbean then you seen the same routine at the mini disco in the evening. Nothing new!Beach: I found it to be a little too rough for my liking. I guess I've been spoiled from previous trips to the beaches in Cayo Coco, Cuba. Don't get wrong the beach is wide, beautiful, clean and we built castles and fort almost every day. It was just the rough water that I disliked. I found myself holding my daughters hand so she wouldn't get sucked out by the under tow.Flight: Why isn't there a forum on airlines or travel agents? Skyservice needs some help and that is all I'll say here.Things I didn't like: Having to take Malaria pills and the rough water.So, would I return to this resort? Probably, you would get a more definite yes if it weren't for the meds and the rough water. As for the resort, it is a 5 star for sure.MM  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was one of the best resorts we've been to! Just got back from an amazing stay at the resort. 24-hour all-inclusive heaven! The food was great, the drinks plentiful and the service one of the best we've seen anywhere we've traveled!If you're booking your holiday on your own and you are traveling through Skyservice I would advise you to PRE-BOOK YOUR SEATS WITH THE AIRLINE DIRECTLY BEFORE YOU LEAVE!!!!! On our travel itinerary with the tour operator it states clearly that there is no advance seating available. We arrived in Toronto 3 hours prior to our departure time only to find we were seated 13 rows apart!!!! Very discouraging as we would have paid the 20 bucks return to sit together! The flight crew was ok (there were a few not so nice attendants), but the flight itself was fine.The resort is quite modern, their staff is absolutely fantastic, waiting and wanting to help in any way they can. The rooms are beautiful but if you're looking for a resort that offers a sunset or sunrise view this is not the place to stay. The ocean and beach are clean, with plenty of loungers for everyone. If you'd like your own personal hut umbrella get to the pool or beach before 9:30. Bring a few American one dollar bills as they really do go far in terms of having a little extra TLC from the staff. It may have rained a morning or two but it lasts oh only about 2 minutes.The shopping is minimal but the courtyard is pretty and the vendors are all very nice. Venturing off the resort is not recommended but if you're looking for total rest and relaxation this is the place to go! We got an amazing deal by hunting on line with Sun Wing Holidays offering the best deal. We paid about $1000 for one-week, 24-hour all-inclusive in a 5*. Just can't beat that.This is also a place ideal for couples, mature adults and families. There are not any noisy people running around at all hours. This was truly a classy stay! We weren't sure what to expect but took the chance. We are so glad we did. This resort definitely knows how to please their guests! Give this resort a try. I'm sure you won't be disappointed.Sincerely,L  JLondon Ontario Canada!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OSCARAIRBORNE
<Content>Take This Advice And Go !       POOL  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SomervilleNJ
<Content>Not perfect, but quite good My wife and I stayed 5 days, Thursday, 1/19/06 to Monday, 1/23/06.This may be fraught with misspellings since I'm going from memory so please don't quote me on names, etc.The Bahia Principe in Punta Cana seems to have two lobbies and two 'sides'. One is called Punta Cana, the other is called Bavaro. I have no idea of what, if any, differences there might be between the two. Aside from the signage, it just looks like one big resort.Check-In: Fast and easy. We booked through Expedia and everything was in order. Pay the extra four or five bucks per day for the room safe to get peace of mind. Let the bellmen take you to your room in their little cart since the resort can be confusing if you don't know where you're going.Money: You can convert currency or get change at the front desk. We stayed at the resort for our entire visit and found that we were fine with US dollars.Weather: Partly sunny most of the time with one or two rainstorms each day. The temps were still warm but it was a bit windy, so much so that we chose to stay near the pool since it had a small wall which blocked most of the wind. We still got sun but it wasn't a full blown bakefest, which is probably a good thing. You could go in the ocean or pool but when the sun went away and the wind kicked up, it could be a bit on the cool side of warm, if that makes any sense.Room: We were in building 24 which had two floors. We were on the second floor. The room was simple but beautiful. Small TV and no stereo. Small fridge which either wasn't working or not plugged in. We never bothered to complain about it since we drink our water at room temp and cold beverages could be had with a short walk. We had some little ants in the room but they weren't near the bed so we didn't care. At night, we put a towel at the bottom of the door just in case. In our room, we never saw any other insects besides the ants. We kept the patio door closed most of the time. We did get a few bug bites but no more than a half dozen between the two of us. Whirlpool tub was big enough for two average size people to soak in. The step up and into the tub and then back down was a bit high, though. We didn't have problems with it but I'd be apprehensive to send my parents there. If there was an intermediate step, it would be much safer. Add to that the bathroom being mostly marble and therefore slippery when wet and you can imagine the wipeout potential. Maria, our maid was friendly and did a great job. We left her $2 a day.Beach: Beautiful white (by NJ standards) powdery sand. The big rusty shipwreck is still sitting proudly across the horizon. It's probably a mile or more offshore. Is it an eyesore? I guess it depends on who you ask. I didn't mind it one bit. I'm sure others thought it ruined the view. Ocean: Clear and a little bit choppy from the on-shore wind. I know a girl who was there about a month ago and said the wind was calm and the water glassy.Chairs: Yes, people get to the pool and beach early and throw towels and bags down to stake out a spot. Should you? Maybe.Towels: At the beach pool there is only one place to get your towels and it's at the south side of the pool. Water sports: Water was a bit rough and wind too much to take out kayaks or windsurfers so I can't comment other than to say that they had equipment available.Pool: We habited the pool near the beach. At the north end of it, there was a DJ pumping techno beats and inciting some sort of pool/beach shenanigans. We hunkered down at the south end but could still hear him. I would have rather listened to the winds in the palm trees and waves lapping the shoreline or perhaps, a low Caribbean beat but that's just me. At times, there would be a group of rowdy pool partiers that were intent on making the most of the alcohol all-inclusiveness but it was never too bothersome.Food: Decent. Nothing was exceptional. There is a main dining area (I'll refer to it as MDA) which is located next to the lobby as well as several theme restaurants for which you need to make reservations. The theme restaurants are primarily open for dinner only. MDA is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner but it does close between each meal. The theme restaurant near the beach, El Charro, serves breakfast but you're better off at MDA. There are two outdoor eating venues near the beach that serve food between breakfast and dinner. We tended to avoid the northmost (and nearest the ocean) eatery. However, we would eat at the one just west of the beach pool where, at around lunch, a cook would grill chicken, hot dogs and burgers over charcoal. The theme restaurants get booked and require that you make a reservation at Guest Services, near the front desk. I'd recommend booking all your theme restaurants on arrival and just cancel as needed. You don't HAVE to eat at the theme restaurants but since MDA pretty much repeats its menu, it makes for a nice change. We ate at Le Gourmet(French), Mediteraneo(not sure what they classified this as), and Mikado(Japanese). Mikado: If you've never eaten Japanese food, you might enjoy it. If you've had Japanese before, you'll almost definitely be disappointed. It's basically a Teppanyaki/Hibachi style dinner but done poorly. The obvious joke here...lost in translation.Mediteraneo and Le Gourmet: Both of these were good and I would recommend them. Don't expect greatness and you'll be happy with your meal.At all eateries, the house red wine is just plain bad. The white is ok, though.Lobby Bar: We spent most of our time here. A live singer usually playing guitar at night. It's a shame it closed at 11 pm. Disco: Didn't go.Casino: Didn't go, but know someone who won $800 there in July.Shopping village: Kinda beat but if you like to get patronized and do some haggling with the vendors, go for it.Spa: Wifey got a massage and said it was just ok. She's a bit of a massage snob, though. If you're a spa person too, you're probably better off getting one from your regular massage therapist or finding a true spa on the island (if there is one).Gym: Located in the same building as the spa. A few recumbent bikes, a few regular bikes, an elliptical, two treadmills and some free weights. Small but clean and lots of natural light. Work off those cookies.Getting around the resort: The little in-town shuttle is nice if you're tired of walking but honestly, from the beach to the main lobby is probably no more than 1/3 mile.Entertainment: A far cry from from Broadway or Vegas. You might be entertained but not in the way that they intended.Walk this way: Most of the areas you walk are either tiled or painted concrete and can be treacherously slippery especially after a rain.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful resort, beautiful people, fantastic vacation We travelled from Montreal, Canada for a 1 week stay at the Bahia Principe from Jan.15 - Jan 22nd 2006.Our family consisted of 3 adults (ages 35,36 69) and also 2 children (ages 7  10).This hotel is very beautiful, clean, well organized and the food was very good. Before leaving I consulted the reviews frequently, and was quite disturbed to read that the food was terrrible, or that the Dominicans spoke no english, etc... All I can say is that the food was amazing, and the Dominicans were always trying to speak our language, whether it be english or french!!! The pools were huge, and extremely clean. We had no problems finding chairs, even if the hotel was full.Our children did not participate in the mini-club, as they had too much fun playing ping-pong around the pool, and entering all the tournaments which the animation team had organized. I would definitely return to this hotel with my children. The rooms were extremely clean, and the maid service was excellent. We were in the Golden club, and do not have any complaints. I do however find it odd that we have to pay for a safe (28.00usd). This should be included in the package. The only negative aspect of the hotel is its size. We got extremely lost the first day, and my 69 year old mother(who has hip problems) had to walk for a long time in order for us to find our room. I would reconsider bringing an elderly person to this resort, as there is a lot of walking invloved.All in all though, this is an excellent property, and the staff are amazing. We got a free upgrade to the Golden because I wanted my mother close by, and they only had rooms available in the Golden. When my mother fell in the lobby(did not get injured), they were quick to help, and gave us all fruit baskets for our rooms  a free bottle of rum!! They went out of their way to help.Thank you to all the staff at the Gran Bahia Principe.Keep up the good work!!!!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>why do people moan about the food My wife and I have visited north and south of the dominican republic several times. We have tried 3 star, 4 star and five star resorts/hotel complexes. They are all absolutely fantastic. Its only the type of people that the cheaper holidays attract that can spoil your fun. I am always awestruck by the food and the way that dominican chefs cater for people from all over the world. OK they struggle a bit with a decent steak or a hot chicken curry but SO WHAT !! Eat the local preferred dishes and enjoy!!As for accomodation, service etc. The locals are more friendly than most people youll meet the service is laid back but also friendly and the accomodation is always clean.Last but not least the white water rafting and swimming with dolphins are great experiences not to be missed.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gran Bahia A Great Vacation       French Restaurant  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bytownbackhaulers
<Content>Paradise at the Bahia Principe!!!       Front entrance to Bahia Principe  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time       Jacuzzi Tub  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BAD FOOD --- View was greatPeople was great30 mins from airport.Don't get in the cabs not safe , use the bus that your packages came with. Food was really bad or maybe because I'm americanaND THE EURO's love bad food.Beaches were wonderful...Place not for children if your the type of parent that didn't want your child to see female breast. Women from ages 19 - 70 years of age with there breast out. I liked the breast..haha.Great weather!!! 105I HAD A GREAT TIME!! IF YOU GO BRING YOUR OWN WATER AND FOOD. AS BACKUP.Cookies, Candy,  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome, Awesome, Awesome My wife and I just returned from our honeymoon to the Domican Republic. We went to Punta cana and stayed at the Bahia Principe Bavaro. I have been to the Dominican Republic 4 times but this was my first to Punta Cana. This is by far the nicest resort area in the whole country. Our hotel is fairly new and is very well kept. The rooms are very clean and all of the workers are very friendly. We tipped our maid the first day there and from that day on our room was spotless and the fridge was always full of beer, water, and pop. We ate at three a al carte restaurants while we were there, the Mexican, French, and the garden Grill. All three were excellent but if you go to the french make sure you have an idea what you are ordering to eat or you may be a bit surprised.  The pools and beach are a great place to relax and have a few drinks. pool chairs fill up early so if you plan a day by the pool you may want to be there by around 10 am, otherwise we went to the beach everyday around 12pm-2pm and had no trouble finding a couple of chairs. We went on three tours while we were there, Saona Island, Manati Park, and shoping. Saona was awesome, about a 2 hour bus ride to the south of the Domican Republic. When you get off the bus they put you on a speed boat. You then go off shore about a mile and snorkel for 1/2 hour. We then took our speedboats to a natural swimming pool in the Carribean Sea where we drank and got to pick up and hold starfish. From there we went to the island and snorkeled and had a buffet lunch. This lasted about 3 hours and then we took a 2 hour catameran trip back to the bus. Our travel guide through Sunwing Fausto or he also likes to be called Eddie Murphy was excellent. Manati park was nice too. We swam with dolphins in the Dolhin Habitat and saw alot of nice animals and reptiles. This is a really neat place if you are taking your children. The shopping tour was in the morning, they take you to 2 shopping centers in bavaro and you also tour a Cigar factory and a fruited rum factory. We will definitley be going back to this same resort within a couple years, it is Awesome.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmp
<Content>Fantastic time! Beautiful resort!       Pool by beach  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>White_G35_Coupe
<Content>Paradise in the DR at the Gran Bahia Principe Summary: An amazing resort that exceeded our expectations! We are now extremely spoiled and will only return to 5 star resorts based on this experience. The service was extraordinary and uncompromising, the food spectacular, the accommodations palatial, and the resort opulent. We stayed in the adult鈥檚 only Premier section that offered a very quiet, relaxed and intimate atmosphere. We would return to BP and specifically the Premier section in a heartbeat. Anyone who has any major complaints about this resort, in our opinion, has very unreasonable expectations or is psychologically unbalanced.Long review: We are a professional couple in our mid 40鈥檚 who have visited several 4 and 4+ star all inclusive resorts and have been on 2 cruises. We are active, easy going, social and appreciate good quality food and have reasonable expectations of service and activities. Our room was exactly as depicted on the website; huge (at least 30鈥?x 15鈥?. We had a very comfortable king size bed and more space than we could use. The bathroom was amazing with lots of marble and a jetted tub. There鈥檚 a minor design flaw with the shower as water leaks onto the floor but it鈥檚 nothing a strategically placed used beach towel didn鈥檛 easily resolve. This was, by far, the best room we鈥檝e ever had at any resort.The Premier section is very self contained with its own lobby and bar, enormous pool with swim up bar, snack bar and intimate buffet. If you want to be away from the action and decompress this is the section for you. If you want to immerse yourself into a more active and hectic environment than a short walk to the other bars, pool or beach is only 5 鈥?15 minutes away (we timed it so we鈥檙e sure).The service in the Premier section is exceptional. In our Premier buffet the selection was fantastic but the service really made the difference. First, a hostess seats you then staff immediately fill your water glass and take your drink order. Our wine and water glasses were always topped up before being empty and our plates were immediately removed once we finished a course. We had 2-3 people waiting on us each evening. Frankly, the extraordinary level of service stunned us to the point where we felt guilty. At the pool we received lounge-side service. When we chose to visit the bar we never had to wait long to get a drink. How anyone could complain about the selection or quality of food at the buffet is beyond comprehension. Often it was difficult to decide what to eat because there was such a wide and appetizing variety. With previous resorts we鈥檝e actually dreaded eating at the buffets. At BP we actually looked forward to buffet nights just as much as a la carte nights.The a la carte restaurants are also fantastic and offer a complete fine dining experience. We ate at seven of them and our only complaint was with the French restaurant where my fillet mignon was tough but edible. However at the steakhouse, The Garden Grill, both our steaks were very tender. The service at the a la carte restaurants again is incredibly attentive. The food quality and presentation are truly first class. We鈥檝e not eaten so well over a 2-week period in our lives.The grounds are spotless, manicured, lush and gorgeous. Staff are constantly trimming, fixing or manicuring the grounds and physical structures. During my business travels I鈥檝e stayed at several high-end hotels and I was nonetheless impressed by the sheer opulence of the resort. For example there are several huge metal-based sculptures strategically placed in the common areas and we鈥檝e never seen so much marble. As many other reviews have pointed out the beach is gorgeous and we never experienced any difficulty getting loungers regardless time of day. This is our 2nd trip to Punta Cana and the vendors are very aggressive. If you are facing the ocean there is a vendor village approximately 30 minutes to the right. However, we purchased rum in the hotel town, Pueblo Principe, at an extraordinarily reasonable price. We can鈥檛 speak to the price of anything else.There is an animation team at the beach that run several typical Caribbean activities during the day (e.g. aerobics, crazy games and stretching) but we think the resort could do a better job with respect to offering a wider range of events at the beach and pools. In the evening there鈥檚 a lot going on. First there would often be temporary kiosks offering specialty drinks. In the main Bavaro bar there was often a pianist/singer. The same applies to the main bar on the Punta Cana side. Many nights Nelson, the performing bartender, mixed drinks in his special location. At 10:00 each night there was a show in the amphitheater and at 10:00 there was also a musical or dance performance at the town center, Pueblo Principe. We had no difficulty meeting tons of Canadians and a smidgeon of Brits and Americans. When you hear an English conversation all you need to do is ask where they come from and a friendship is not far behind.Considering the DR is a Spanish speaking country, the front line staff spoke exceptionally acceptable English. They really appreciated, however, when I made an effort to speak even very basic Spanish. Do yourself a favor and learn some basic phrases such as please and thank you. A little courtesy and effort goes a long, long way. It boggles my mind how someone could criticize the staff for having a lack of English fluency. In conclusion, in our opinion, there is no risk in visiting BP. Any minor complaints were dealt immediately and courteously. The personal connection we made with many staff is completely unprecedented in our experience. This resort forever altered our perception of an all-inclusive resort and we will surely return.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ew4ia
<Content>Very Big Hotel My wife ,7yr old son and i have just returned after a 14 night stay, first thing i noticed was how far the resort and towns have grown, we last visited Bavaro 10 yrs ago, then it truly was a 3rd world country but not anymore. This is a huge and sprawling hotel which accomodates over two thousand guests,so no matter where you go you will never find a quiet corner.the rooms are very spacious and elegant for Dominican standards, remember to take coathangers with you as wardrobes don`t have many, and take a plug in mozzy killer as there is a lot. The actual hotel and grounds are fastidiously mantained by an army of very friendly staff,we did find some staff couldn`t speak much English but it is a Spanish speaking country and it brought us on leaps and bounds with our language skills. Food was very good, we have a very choosy 7yr old and found the buffet`s choice more than ample,personally i found the paella to be the best outside of mainland Spain.Not once did we have any food related illnesses as some may have suggested in other articles,just remember you are trying different food cooked differently. The beach is swept clean every morning and is a delight to sunbathe on and walk along,we had a little bit of surf and found this great wave dodging(well were all big kids really!).Plenty of pallapas on beach and round centre pool not so many on beach pool. As in other articles about this hotel we also encountered a strange odour that smells a bit like sewage but in fact is the soil in the many ornamental shrubs. One thing you will notice is the diversity of guests,my wife and i spent many an hour guessing nationalities.Plenty of Canadians you can always tell as they always go round in packs of between 5 and 15 all carrying thermos jugs and rucksacks,the yanks are a bit of a minority here but you can tell them a mile away as they always wear t shirts with stars and stripes logos on and say that cancun is much better,next up its the Italians dead give away they all tan like mahogany and wear dodgy thongs,loads of Russians and Ukranians looking surly and dripping with gold and diamonds(must take 15 to 20 hours to get there so no wonder they look unhappy?)and finally its the English(yep im one of these)always look like lobsters as we always overdo it in the sun and constantly have a supply of beer!! .All in all a very cosmopolitan hotel and better for it. A very good hotel maybe 5* in carribean terms,stayed in Mexico,Cuba,Bahamas and Antigua so i can compare.  But in European ratings maybe a 3/4*. Very good value it cost 拢825 ( 1350 u.s)per adult for 14 nights all inclusive so is an absolute bargain for a bit of carribean sun and good rum in good accomodation with good service and friendly staff. Go on give it a go you might be surprised!!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kelx
<Content>Never stopped smilling!!!       at the pool 4 swim up bar  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation! We got back a few days ago from the Principe Premier and would go back in a heartbeat.We've been to quite a few all inclusives and this one rates up towards the top. There are a few things I would change if possible, but then again you must remember that we're in their culture.We did read every review prior to leaving and took everything into consideration. I packed bug spray and never used it. I did pack a candle and burned it just about every night. There was a slight smell in the room, but nothing the candle didn't cover. We stayed in the Premier and were very happy. I like the quietness of the area and the pool, and only a 5 or 6 minute tram ride to the beach (which my husband did every day). The beaches were clean and no rocks anywhere. We did read that people save the chairs and if you're not down there by 9:30 or 10:00 you won't get a chair. We found this to be true whether on the beach or at the pools. The rooms were quite nice and the private balcony was very relaxing at the end of the evening. The food was very good with an abundance of seafood. However there was always something to pick up if you don't like seafood. The staff tried their hardest to communicate, however not speaking much Spanish didn't help. I guess I'll bone up on Spanish before returning.We go on vacation to do absolutely nothing, and did it well. We never went off the resort and got a good 7 days of rest and relaxation. We'll be going back here soon! Maybe we'll even bring our Spanish book.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>theoldboot65
<Content>An excellent time was had by all Week of November 7- 14, 2005We left Toronto Airport to D.R, for our usual yearly family vacation. A bit fearful I might add, as last year, we had booked with the Bahia Principe in Puerto Plata, and had a horrible time. So we were a tad bit frightened to say the least, having that horrid experience in the backs of our minds.Upon arrival, we were greeted by the friendly staff, who were very very helpful, one thing that I will say is if you have an early flight and get there just after lunch, don't expect to get into your room right away, you will have to wait till about 3 or 4 pm. You are however able to have lunch and lounge about the pools while waiting, and we were accustomed to this practice from years before, so we always wear light clothing or our bathing suits under our heavy winter clothes so we can lounge while waiting, and be comfortable.Our room was just up from the lobby and overlooked a large forested area that overlooked the ocean. It was on the third floor, which is also recommended by me, as on the first floor you will get a million millipedes crawling under your door at night. If you like millipedes, then by all means go for it on the first floor, but I am not a fan!The food buffet was sprawling with all sorts of native delicacies as well as pasta dishes, soups salads and such, breads, rolls and fruits galore, you will not go hungry while there, they have theme nights when one night is for example dominican night where all the food is of native origin, then the next night might be Italian night etc... there is always something good to eat.The pool was clean and beautiful, the resort is only recently opened up, therefore everything around you is newer and clean and well maintained. The maids are nice and helpful, and a couple of bucks a day, will make a big difference in service, your room will be cleaned ASAP in the morning and you will have a well stocked fridge, with pop, water and beer. And nice clean towels every day.The towel card you receive upon arrival, treat that like it is made of gold, cuz, if you lose it you pay, it didn't happen to us, but some others lost theirs and had to pay $20 US to replace it.We did get the extra safe in the room for our identification and such, just to be safe, nothing went missing and all was well in that regard. The booze is weak, you need to drink alot if your aim is to feel good, and the drinks, as in all of the D.R. resorts are those slushie machine type, so they tend to be quite sweet. Good mind you, but very sweet and syrupy?The cerveza is the best choice, it is cold and tastes like it should, not your regular beer like you are used to here, but good nonetheless.The activation team tries hard to get you to partake in their activities, but don't pressure you like some of the other resorts we've been to, where you feel as if you don't participate you are a heel. The shows are good, not spectacular, but they do their best and put on a fun evening, all the shows are over by about 11pm, then the fun moves out into the Pueblo Principe, a small village type of atmosphere just outside the lobby, they turn it into a huge bartype scene, one night is karaoke, another is deejayed with the salsa music going strong, you can dance out there if you like too. In the Pueblo there are a few shops where you can buy souveniers and fake designer bags and such, along with the local vendors who have small wheeled cart type shops set up, now these guys on the other hand will harrass the heck out of you until you basically buy something or run fast in the opposite direction, if you do end up buying, don't pay what they ask, haggle them down, they will give you the price you want to pay, the things they sell are locally made pottery, jewellery and paintings, things like that, they ask outrageous prices first off, then you act like you're going to leave, then they will come down in price--ALOT.If you like to snack, take your own, the snacks are not a part of the all inclusive, sure during the day there are snacks, but late at night in your room if ya get a hankerin' for some chips or something, unless you are willing to pay $7 US for a tube of Pringles, take your own, they are light and don't take up too much room, we took choc, bars and candies for the kids etc, was a good idea.We saw tons of millipedes, a few mosquitoes but nothing like last years vacation nightmare in Puerto Plata, where we came home with welts on our legs the size of grapefruits, and we were not the only ones, it looked like some sort of plague went on within that resort, it was awful. Here, we didn't even have the noseeum's eating at us.Check in and check out was almost effortless here, friendly service, but very little english was spoken.For your ala carte's book 'em right away, as soon as you get there, they fill up fast, and the one you might want to go to may be full, I believe they have three seatings for these per night, like 5, 7 and 9 pm. (do this while you wait to get into your room)All in all this vacation at the Punta Cana Bahia Principe was fabfabfabulous, we will definately be going back here, it was great all round. But do STAY AWAY FROM THE BAHIA PRINCIPE IN PUERTO PLATA...HEED MY ADVICE. Even our travel agent who had been there previously was disgusted by this place, it is in need of repair badly and the staff there although friendly, are not much help.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rajster
<Content>Excellent resort! I travelled to this resort with my wife and 1 year old daughter from Dec 04-11, 2005 basing my choice on the reviews posted on this site. We all thoroughly enjoyed our vacation, with our goal being rest and relaxation.I hope you find these tips helpful.AIRPORT:Baggage handlers not worth the expense as it is only about 200 feet from the luggage carousel to the hotel buses.CHECK-IN:You can arrange a late check-out for US$10/hr. Useful if you have a late return flight.Room safe costs around US$5/day payable on check-in.ROOMS:All are junior suites in two story villas.Ground floor better if you have small kids as there are no stairs to climb.Jacuzzi tub and tiled floors in bathroom were nice touch. Very clean. Maid service was excellent.GROUNDS:Resort is expansive and shuttles available to travel to beachside area. Spa/gym located across street from lobby.POOLS:Certain pools reserved for Golden and Diamond members only but these were more sedate. The beachside pools were more active and alive. Be prepared to arrive by 9 am if you want a loungechair as people would reserve groups of chairs at a time by leaving towels,shoes,books, etc on them and leave.FOOD:The buffet and poolside grill were decent but not the best I've had. The best three a la carte restaurants were the Japanese, French, and Grill.STAFF:Friendly and provided excellent service.CHECKOUT:Keep your checkout stub as you need it to board the bus back to the airport. Take food and drinks with you as if your flight is delayed (6 hours in our case) you won't be gouged. The pictures taken on your arrival are for sale at $10.The airport has a new air-conditioned section with child playground located by following the ramps.OVERALL:Loved this 5 star resort for RR. Note that we didn't frequent the casino or disco so can't comment on them. I hope this helps...  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>brilliant!!! Well what can i say, we have just returned from this hotel and what can i say we loved it. the people are the freindliest people i have ever met, the hotel was great and the food was delicious. We took our 3 children aged 10,4 and 2 they had a blast. the pools were fantastic the beach was loveley although the sea is quite rough as it is where the caribbean meets the atlantic ( so be a little careful if you have little ones).The rooms were great lovely and spacious spotlessly clean and they were cleaned every day. you do not even need to take a single towel as the beach/pool towels are provided every day, you can also change them during the day if they get wet or dirty and also the towels in the room are changed everyday including sundays. People had said that the english language was poor at the resort and that the staff did not speak english this is absolute rubbish they all spoke fantastic english even french and german aswell the only people who did not speak good english was the maids, it doesnt hurt to look up a few words on the internet such as water, towels, etc etc we did and it really helped when needing to ask the maids for something.People did get up early to reserve sun loungers we did put our towels out early but we are early risers so it did not mmatter to us, the beach pool was the busiest and also the beach snack bar got very busy at lunch times but it was never a problemm they constantly stock up the food and constantly clean the tables.I never ever felt unsafe at this hotel and often walked to the buffet on my own when it was dark i felt completely safe and never saw one bit of trouble or heard of anything unpleasant happening.The nightlife was mainly around the lobby after dinner where people drank cocktails and listened to the musician on his piano, he was actually very good and the waitresses love the kids, we didnt really stay out for the nightlife as our kids were always falling asleep at the dinner table due to having such a great day in the pools or on the beach that we went back after dinner and chilled in our room or on the balcony it was great they were all asleep by 8 every night.lolHaving read some mixed reveiws about this hotel we could not beleive what people had wrote about it , the complex is quite large but the bus that takes you around is extremely frequent and we never waited more than a couple of minutes. the buffet is superb and the al a carte's were good aswell especially the japanese. Goods on the complex such as toiletries and babies goods are very expensive 拢12.00 for a bottle of paracetamol which my son needed due to an ear infection caused by the constant water in his ears as he never got out of the pools. I also heard the doctor was extremely expensive if you needed to see him!! so make sure you take lots of everyday pain releif etc.All the staff were great, the maids were so freindly they always said hola whenever you saw them no matter where you was on the complex, my 2 year old even thought their names where hola as we said it so much!!!!lol. We used to write little notes in spanish for the maid if we wanted anything left in our room and a small tip i.e 1 or 2 dollars and she always left extra, we had petals and flowers in our roomm every day, this really did add a special touch.The grounds are spotless and the landscaped gardens are fabulous, the restaurants and buffets are also spotlessly clean and the waiters cannot do enough for you they were great.One down side is there are alot of mosquitos a tip was we took a lotion called mosquit ex we got this online it was recommended to us and we never got 1 bite nor the kids, we ran out in the second week and bought one called off in the lobby shop this was good but not as good we got a couple of bites but nothing to shout home about. Also a good idea to buy a plug in killer to have in your room at night.Well enough waffling i could talk all day about our holiday (my colleagues keep telling me to shut up) it was truly wonderful and we will definately be returning to this hotel again in the future. have a great time!!!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was good but....       The lobby  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous vacation My husband and I have just returned for a fabulous vacation in Punta Cana, at the Bahia Principe, Jan 8-15, 2006.We paid a little extra for the gold package...which was worth every cent. They guarantee a room closest to the beach and pool's, 24 hour room service, room towel service and one extra al carte dinner. We also had the extra internet service, 15 minute's a day free which allowed us to keep intouch with our daughter back home withhout the extra cost's of calling home collect. This resort is perfect, something for everyone. the grounds are kept beautifully, service is friendly and very clean. The beach is breath taking..and we enjoyed a long walk everyday. Our calf's hurt a little but we walked it out.The food was good everywhere. Although the selection is alway's the same, you have much to choose from. You can eat either at the pool side resturant or dress and eat in the hotel.I highly recommend this resort..and I would be more than happy to return again...it was beautiful.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UnoRio
<Content>Theft Alert!! BE AWARE!! Hotel doesn't take responsibility for luggage left in their care on check-out day. Had cell phone stolen out of carry on luggage left in their baggage room. Hotel claims baggage room kept locked, and that staff don't go into guests' luggage. The door isn't even closed,let alone locked. Guests and staff freely walk in and out of room throughout the day. Although I dropped off luggage at noon. They can't seem to explain how cell phone records prove local phone calls started at 1:26 p.m. that day and ran until following day when phone was cancelled back home. Who else but someone on their staff stole and used the phone? I even offered to provide the list of local phone numbers repeatedly called, but they chose to avoid addressing the issue.Otherwise a great hotel and holiday, but this certainly spoiled the trip. Keep your valuables close at hand til you step back onto the plane. Don't be lulled into feeling safe and secure at this property, there's at least one thief lurking (working) there.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>cdntrvlr
<Content>Very Good Choice! January 8-15, 2006We have also been to the Iberostar Hacienda Dominicus, RIU Bambu, and Secrets Excellence, so we have a few resorts to compare to.Overall ImpressionThis resort is very good and I would rate it as a solid 4.75 stars and I do recommend it. The service, food, and resort grounds are all good. Don't let the size intimidate you, you will get used to it quickly. Personally, we felt that the service was inconsistent at times and some of the staff genuinely looked displeased to be serving us (restaurant reservations guy) so I wouldn't give it 5 stars but getting close to it for such a big resort. All in all a good choice of resort for a vacation!Flight/Tour OperatorWe booked via travellastminute.ca and got a really good deal. We didn't see a lower price right up until we left... so I would definitely recommend using the company to book a vacation.Flight was with Canjet and was 1 hour late departing on the way down, at least 1 hour late on the way back. 5 hour flight due to head wind on the return flight. Decent flights however absolutely no in-flight entertainment offered whatsoever!Tour operator was Nolitours. No complaints, we got a great price we thought, and they are owned by Transat. We didn't pay for Club Golden and didn't feel we missed out on anything accept the nice gold bracelets you get instead of greens ones (lol).Check InCheck in was very quick. They offered us a cold drink during the process. The safe costed $26US. We were tired when we arrived, so my wife was not please when the gentleman checking us in pulled out the demo safe to show how to set the code with your room key and basically handed the entire thing to my wife telling here that was the safe for the room. He was joking of course but it wasn't the right time for us. RoomsAll rooms are junior suites. Our room was in building 11, room 302. We received a bottle of rum, 2 t-shirts and a fruit plate shortly after arrival.Everything was in working order. The room was large and clean and the bed was firm but comfortable. The safe in the room is an extra charge which ranges from 26-35 dollars US depending on the tour operator. AC works on a card but luckily some kind person left a card in the slot for us so that it could always be on. There is a bar fridge with water and pop and some Bohemain beers (cold and wet but that is all). We left a note in the room to request extra water with our tip and everyday the fridge was bursting full with beer soft drinks and water. They even left extra water on the top. The room was cleaned each day roughly at 4pm for a few days and 9am for the others I think. FoodOverall the food was very good. At times I found it hard to find something that I wanted to eat at the buffet, but overall the food was well-prepared and of good quality. There was generally a good variety too. I especially enjoyed fresh eggs and omlettes in the morning, and the burgers by the beach on the bbq at lunch time.This was the first resort that neither my wife nor I got sick at (out of 4 different 4.5 to 5 star resorts). We drank only bottled water, ate very little fruit and stayed away from the salads. (We also tried taking vegetal activated charcoal pills as recommended by a friend. Check with your pharmacist to see if it is right for you, there are no negative effects but they will interfere with absorption of medications including birth control!)BeachSpectacular. White sand, nice waves, turquoise water that is nice and warm. Bring OFF because there are sand fleas and mozzies at night. Ocean was red-flagged for 5 days I think so most activities were cancelled.RestaurantsThere are 6 or 7 a la carte restaurants and we chose the Japanese, Gourmet, and Grill. The Japanese was very good. Tons of food and it was all good. We felt very rushed through dinner though. The Gourmet was also good but we felt it had a bit of an identity crisis serving grilled surf and turf (not that we complained about eating it, but thought it belonged more at the grill!) We didn't enjoy our meal at the grill. The meat was undercooked and we had a lot of bugs flying around us.Resort SizeThe resort is BIG. Between the Bavaro Side and Punta Cana Side I think there are about 1200 rooms. It takes 15 minutes to walk from the lobby to the beach but there are trams running all day. The first walk to the beach seemed to take forever but after getting used the resort it wasn't so bad... we only used the tram once or twice when we were tired but walked all of the other times so it is definitely manageable. The Club Golden rooms are the ones closest to the beach and then the Club Diamond/Hacienda are next closest. Give up if you are looking for ocean view rooms because there are only a couple that have a partial obstructed view. The Premier club is way at the back of the resort past the lobby even! It is a shame that the fitness centre, mini golf, tennis and spa, are located where they are. (Even further than the Premier club!)Resort GroundsBeautiful grounds, well manicured. Amazingly lush for a resort this young. There was the occasional odour - guess what, you are next to a swamp and an ecological mangrove so when the wind is calm, yes, sometimes you get a whiff... big deal! The odour from the fogging is another story.Our only complaint is that they fogged the resort at 6:30pm when we were on our way to dinner most evenings...less than desirable to be around when they do it.... in fact a bunch of us were waiting to go in the grill one evening and truck went right by leading a lot of us to start coughing and to make them let us in the restaurant even if they weren't ready.Lobby StoreThe lobby store was the most reasonably priced one that I have ever seen! I bought a pack of cards for 20 cents! You can buy coffee, vanilla, and rum as well as other things including sunscreen, solarcaine and the ever required immodium! Most items seemed to be reasonable.ExcursionsWe did the Bavaro Runners tour. Disappointing at best. Highway driving is risky. The tobacco museum is laughable. It is basically a store and our guide told us not to buy cigars there because they are over-priced - so why stop there? Sugar can stop was interesting although they started into the booze at 9am which we felt was a bit early. Lots of coffee, fruits etc at Maria's House. Even a demonstration cockfight. The big disappointment was that they sell coffee, cocoa and vanilla. My wife bought vanilla for $5. You get a large bottle of clear and a small bottle of dark. I later saw it at the lobby store for $2.50 for both bottles. No joke, check it out... commercially made I would have to guess too. Stop for lunch, horseback riding and boogie boarding was a bit of a waste really in our opinion... Anyway, what made the whole thing worse was the drive back through the rice fields from the beach stop. It was incredibly bumpy and the truck just had no suspension left to it, we had a sore neck and headache, seriously! We also stopped by a school on the way back which now restricts visits to Fridays only at that particular one. Final thoughts, some interesting sights but really only worthy of 2 hours or so...too much driving for vacation and too much of it was invented (ie. tobacco museum and Maria's vanilla!)I spoke to a lot of people that enjoyed the Saona Island trip...  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything was great except for the food... Just got back from the bahia and everything was great except for the food.We booked through expedia and the hotel beds picked us up and brought us to the hotel which took about 40 minutes. Check in was fine, a english speaking girl named gaby checked us right in...ROOMS: we were in building 10 which in the middle of everything, away from the ocean and the restaurants with the buffets which tend to send a wierd smell. The rooms are really really nice definetly 5 star material. at least ours was...the maids are really nice, they sing softly and leave you decorative towels on your beds.BEACH: The beach was nice after a couple of days! The first couple of days it was full of seaweed and we stuck with the pool. The last day we went back and it was wavy and nice.Lobby Bar: We spent most of our nights there in which we met the nicest couple Salma and John. Thank god for them we had so much fun...its adds to a vacation when you meet nice people. Although Salma got very sick and the only sun she saw was the walls of her room. Poor john got stuck in the casino...but with us...They hated the food as well... POOLS: some are loud and crazy and some are relaxing..people do leave their towels and never come back...Drinks: they were okay, not bad...we actually drink absolute and it was not included so in the lobby bar we purchased a bottle for $30 and we drank for days, especially with our friends.Casino: Great when you win...the first night we won...second and third boring..we lost thats why and you must pay for your drinks...Disco: Not bad, but not for everynight...i was a lobby bar person and by the way it closed at 11pm...which sucked because it is the best atmosphere in the whole resort at night...FOOD: ...i mean i did not get sick (our friend did)...but it just stunk...the chicken nuggets were goat meat...the hamburgers were not meat...the salad dressings were warm...the only thing i ate was pizza and french fries...I dont know if it is the resort or the cuisine...it was wierd...then we made it to breakfast which turned out ok, you can make your own omelets, good french toast and pancakes...As far as dinner goes..we ate italian...and it was decent...the french sucked hardcore...we ordered pasta with seafood...came out cold...i ordered filet mignon and it was roast beef red on a plate...horrible could not even chew it...buffets are okay i guess...i mean i personally was not pleased..my husband was not either..he likes fast food and he was forcing himself to eat out...Pringles turned out to be a good purchase and ice cream from the conveniece store...Pueblo Principe...Little town area withing the resort...piano bar..nice, they drive you insane to shop...like crazy, like hawks...bargain bargain bargainOverall the grounds and the resort are definetly a 5 star...just the food is horrible...if you are not a picky eater...then go for it all the way...by the way there is a shuttle choo choo train that takes you all over the resort which takes literally 5 minutes...i dont know why people complain that it is so big...that bus is there all the time...one goes one comes...have fun,,,  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please read the postings from Jan 15,16  just got back from Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana and it was awesome. great weather (a little windy) and fantastic food, staff was very friendly and helpful. beach and pools are great, fine white sand. please DO NOT put any value in the bad postings, these people would think the Ritz Carleton is bad. didn't encounter any bugs (a few mosquitoes, you find them at your uncles cottage), although we stayed on the second level of our villa (villa #4, next to the beach).  just read the more detailed postings underneath mine, one suggestion though, take a large metal or plastic mug (Tim Hortons mugs identify that your Canadian) because the drinks they do serve you are in small cups, so a large mug is very nessecary. so go kick back and enjoy.feel free to e-mail me, i can give you a more detailed review.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good for a 3rd world country, but wouldn't go again My wife and I (we are Dutch) went there from the 5th - 15th of January. Once you step of the airport you realize this is a 3rd world country, people are very poor indeed. The service and product the friendly staff of this hotel deliveres in this hotel is therefor very good indeed but don't compare it to European standards.We have some positive ande negative remarks:On the positive side:This is a huge resort with 600 rooms and hundreds of personnel that attend to your every need. There are even little buses that bring you to your apartment. The Beach is not white but quite beatiful and well protected from the outside by the hotel security. Lovely and well kept gardens and huge swimming pool.Lots of Canadians and English here with whole galleries of tatoos carrying big beer-containers. So a mere friendly population, not much nagging Germans or Russian maffioso here.The beach is well cleaned by a brand new bulldozer every day. The rusty sunken ship has been removed.Very clean rooms and gardens.On the negative side:The foods seems ok but after a few days uo will get bored. It all has the same 'greyish / fatty' taste.And yes, we did get sick (just one day) from an unknwon bacteria in the food which caused high fever and vomiting.We thought the sandflies weren't a poblem the first few days but then the rain came in and we soon found out that there is no place to hide from the tiny sandflies. I got about 70 bits, my wife about 100 and they do itch.The entertainment is a laugh, everyday you can watch the little kids from the audience / guests doing the same dances untill 10 pm. What happens after that we frankly don't know, we went to bed early.Don't drink whine in the restaurants! Or perhaps, take a sip once, remember the taste and avoid these kind of drinks for the rest of your life.Often noisy at the pool. Prepare for loud music and poor entertainment. Poor visibility in the sea at the beach. Hardly any marine life there.Summary:Do come here if you would like to have good service and want to enjoy the beach views in this warm sunny climate. Remember, this is a third world country, don't expect too much from the food etc.If you want no worries about food or hygiene go to Aruba. If you look for an adventures holiday go somewhere else e.g. to a country with better visibility in the water (Cozumel / Kenya / Maldives).Good for relaxing, but there are better places if you want something more.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Your Vacation Is What You Make of It.....And We Made it Great!!!!               More photos  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Steve&Rhonda
<Content>Just great to get away A great trip from the 3rd of Jan. to the 10th. I agree with the last posting about Gran Ventana being a better resort. Bahia is huge and I mean a HUGE complex which we found took away from getting personnal with the staff, which by the way, were fantastic. If you stay in Building 25, 3rd floor, rooms, 301 across to 306 which is where our friends were, you'll get some entertaining activity running across the ceiling tile at night, which ended up to be quite funny, although I wouldn't want to face what ever it was. Our sweetheart maid, who I'm sure tried her best, just didn't get it done. The front desk had what ever you needed at your room within minutes that she had missed. {Yes we tip}The ala Carts were very good and highly recommended, the buffet was OK.The beach, pools and the grounds are top notch. Do not hesitate to enjoy your vacation at this resort, just don't pay book price. Any ? Feel free to e-mail us with BAHIA as the subject.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Good at All Working in the business myself, Chose this resort for being pretty new  occupancy under 70%, we arrived to the resort which is a 35 min ride from Punta Cana Airport, much traffic  awfull road, at 530 pm., we made our reservation 20 days before thru their website , confirmed directly by them  paid with our credit card, our reservation was not found, even having our confirmation letter. After 1 hiur we checked in our room keys did not work, had to drive back  forth 4 times to get inside,. Could not make reservation for any a la carte rest. all managers hiding, no respond from GM or Front desk ,waited for management for hours never showed up, grounds  shuttle service was ok. Pool has Blue tiles full of fungus, had to waive $ 100. PESOS bills to get service, nothing to attractive or good to eat at the buffet. Managers or Service is non existant. On check out date had to carry my luggage about 25 min Walk,still after 2 nights they did not have my reservation, they presented my bill 148.00 per person per night, still showing them that it was paid for,  had a 95.00 rate per person. Waited in front desk 2hours  had to pay my bill again. Last but not least,no premium drinks, paid $12.00 a Drink for JWalker Black, other resorts in the area same price, premium drinks  much better facilities.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Resort! Had a Great Experience!       View from our 3rd floor Villa  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed The grounds are beautiful, the rooms are nice and the beach is great. That's it. Middle management doesn't exist. Was terrified when we arrived. Thought we came to a 30 acre discotek. Noise pollution everywhere. Gangster rap at a pool where families are. Imagine hearing Hey Mother Fuc... Nigg... at 90+ decibels where your 8  10 year olds are hanging out. Bachata  Merengue music (in the background) is great, especially if you're going to bother flying to a foreign land, but dance beat music (produced in the states) at ear shattering levels at most lounging venues all day is a bit much. You have to scream at the pool areas to have a conversation.Sewage, feces smell was unbearable and we had to change rooms. Our daughter woke up with 54 bites from a 'mysterious' insect one morning.Were told we could keep the room late on departure day (9 pm flight) for $10/hour. No problem the manager said. Just ask and pay on that morning. That morning came and we were told that they were overbooked and could not accommodate our request. Food ok. You can find good things. Go with local oriented foods. We've been coming to the Dominican Republic for 6 years and don't consider ourselves fussy travellers. We won't come back here. Gran Vantana in Playa Dorato (Puerto Plata) much better.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>roxy5279
<Content>Was very comfortable, enjoyed our stay My family stayed at the resort from 1-9/1-13. It was very impressive we enjoyed our stay. A little frustrated with the fact that there werent many americans there but when I did find some English speaking people it was nice to be able to have a conversation. I have to say we were very apprehensive about the trip but it was definately worth it. The beach is beautiful it was just really nice to relax and get some much need sun!!! We did do an excursion to do some scuba diving my husband said it was great but not very colorful. I have 1 child 9 there is a kids club but he didnt want to go by himself, so he kind of just hung out. and 2- 19 year old, they said that the night life was ok just a little frustrated with the language barrier. The food was good the Japanese restaurant was great then we ate at the buffet the other nights. If you are planning on going to the restaurants try and email the hotel before you go we had difficulties getting reservations. I would definately go back we saw some of the other resorts when we were going back to the airport and they definately not as nice as this one. When you pull into the hotel it is very impressive. THere is a little village with all kinds of little suveniors stores most of them had the same kinds of things but it was very convenient to have all that within walking distance. The resort is very large but with eating and drinking everyday the exercise was much needed!!!!I would definately recommend this resort!!!!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>prefect place, perfect vacation Hello, just arrived back from Bahia principe this morning at four and I must say the resort is exceptional. I have been to cuba and all of mexico and I must say this resort is one of my favorites. The beach is stunning, powdery white sand and the ocean being turquiose. It was extremely windy, that was a bit of a downfall. The beach does get crowded, but always found a spot and a few chairs (not to worry). The pools are all beautiful, and so are the grounds. If you want to stay where there are no kids go to club premiere, it is far from the beach but the shuttle is always present to bring you. The food is pretty good, better than the food at cuba, I recommend most of the a la carte resturants especially the garden grill and Il pescatore. People are always complaining about the food stating that it tastes different then the food in Canada, well all I can say to those is that we were in the Domincain Republic and if you want meat that tastes canadian then stay in canada. The service was great and the staff is verry friendly. It help if you tip them, they will always go that extra mile, and you should tip them they earn veryy little and they really try their best to make the guest feel lie they are at home. PS, there are almost no americains in this resort mostly canadians and europeons which I think is a plus. To all my friends that I made in Bahia Principe I thank you, to the staff you guys are great and to my new torontonion friends I will keep in touch and hope to see you all soon( hopefully next year at the Bahia Principe) Ciao from CR  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel, but a little too crowded My boyfriend and I (both 27) stayed at the Bahia Principe for the first two weeks of December. We were originally meant to be in Playa Del Carmen, Mexico, but First Choice (our travel agent), cancelled all flights to the area three weeks before we were due to fly out. We both have busy careers in London, and not wanting to miss out on our holiday, we booked this hotel at the last moment without knowing much about it. We got a very good deal, and the Bahia Principe did not disappoint.This is a beautiful 4* hotel, with an impressive reception area, well landscaped grounds, and large, clean and comfortable rooms. The staff in all areas work tirelessly to keep all aspects of the resort running smoothly, ensuring guests have a pleasant stay with them. Many staff do speak English, admittedly some better than others, but we didn't find this a barrier at all. Take a phrasebook and have a little fun trying out some Spanish - the staff will appreciate it, and you can help dispell the 'ignorant tourist' myth!The resort has lots of different restuarants to visit, and plenty of dishes to choose from in the buffet restaurant - you certainly won't go hungry. I have a wheat allergy, which can be very restrictive, but I always found something new to try.There are a number of swimming pools around the resort, but as beach lovers we opted to spend most of our time by the sea. And what a stunning beach - miles of soft white sand, bordered by tall palm trees. Stroll along the coast during the late afternoon and take in the gorgeous views.The only thing we wern't too keen on was the size of the hotel, which we should have checked at the time of booking. It really is huge, with around 1,500 rooms - we've never stayed anywhere this big before. We really didn't mind walking around the resort, in fact we're both very active so we enjoyed the excercise! However, we did find it to be a little too crowded and bustling for our taste. Lunchtimes at the beach restuarants were often a feeding frenzy. Being a Brit I'm used to queuing politley and waiting my turn, however, it did seem that manners had escaped some of the guests. Still at least we've given a large hotel a try, so we know what to look for in the future.All in all we had a lovely stay at the Bahia Principe, and enjoyed our time in the Dominican Republic. We hope to return one day and visit another part of the island.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it, definately a 5 star Jan. 11/06Calgary, Alberta CanadaWe just returned from the Dominican Republic from our two week stay. The first week we stayed at the Breezes, which was just okay, though their beach was much better. The second week we stayed at the Bahia Principe which we loved. We stayed at the Bahia resort in the Mayan Riveria so we new more or less what to expect. The resort is large and we stayed in the Golden Club from AirTransat which was closest to the beach. Our rooms we very clean,large and a good view of the ocean. We left a small tip everyday and things we brought from Canada for the maid (key chains, hair clips, pins, purse, etc). Our frig was always stocked and the room very clean.We enjoyed the staff from the Scuba Caribe very fun and helpful. Never had a problem getting a catamaran, kayak, peddle boat or scuba dive excursion.Our excursions included scuba diving at Catalina Island, which I highly recommend even if you just snorkel. The Bravaro Runners was my next favorite, we brought lots of candy, paper, pencils, key chains and small toys for the children along the way. We went deep sea fishing for an afternoon and caught two barracuda, saw one whale and lots of flying fish.Used all the water sport equipment and enjoyed walking along the beach. Oh, the areobic classes on the beach were great. I did turn into one of those people who set towels out at 7 in the morning, seemed like the only way to get a good spot close to the beach, which we did use right after a early breakfast and walk.The bar on the beach, pool bar close to beach and lobby bar were excellent, always received good service. The entertainment was the Bahia's only downfall, they try hard but should check out the Riu's.The food was good in all the buffet restaurants and especially enjoyed the Japanese and Gourmet. The service was always very good. We seemed to enjoy the restaurants closest to the beach for breakfast and lunch.Check-in was very quick as was the check-out. The only thing we had to ask for was a iron sent up to the room, which we received promptly.Although I would never go back to the Dominican, I would highly recommend this hotel. Thanks again to the staff at the Scuba Caribe and also our maid Yulin. Everyone one of the staff were friendly and with good service.PS Remember to bring treats for the children when you go on any excursion.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Bit Disappointed Just came back from the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana last night at 2AM. Must say I was a little disappointed with my experience.The good points are the beauty and cleanliness of the grounds. The beach can get crowded, but if you go left of the Las Olas restaurant, it is much quieter. The sand is white powder, and the water turquoise.I was in the Golden section of the hotel, which meant a room close to the beach, and some extra amenities that are absolutely not worth the extra cost.What made this hotel a disappointing experience for a 5* was the food, which was ordinary and lacked variety, especially at lunch time (burgers, hot-dogs and chicken, again, and again, and again). Wine tastes like fruit punch, we had to buy our own bottles to compensate. Never a piece of grilled fish or seafood. A la carte restaurants are ok.Staff really couldn't care less about customers. I was left 30 min. standing outside my room at 11PM on arrival when my key didn't work. Had to walk 15 minutes to the reception to be told hey relax, lady by the idiots at reception desk, and walk back to my room, exhausted and frustrated.Don't bother brining tennis or workout gear, the sports complex is even farther than the reception, and overbooked.Do, however take medication against malaria and bring insect repellant, as there were tons of mosquitoes. A LOT of people also got the tourista, including myself and my husband (who never got sick elsewhere in Cuba or Mexico). I will not be back soon to the Domenican Republic, and do think that I was a little cheated out of my money at this resort. Hope this is helpful!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place Went to the Bahia Principe 31-Dec/05 to 07 Jan/06.Stayed in the golden package area. Great room, very clean public areas, excellent service, good food, excellent resturant service, great beaches, main lobby area was a great place to meet peaple, nothing to complain about here. Entertainment was a little lacking in content and after about 1/2 hr, we would go back to the main lobby and enjoy the live entertainment singer/band and have some great drinks, and talk. Take some bug repellent along after all you are on a tropical island. Very little insect activity, by the way, but when they were out the insects seem to bite legs below the knee. It did not bother me, but my wife had some small bites. Sure you rent a safe, big deal. I tipped the maid and some of the rest room attendants, if you saw one, No-one, not anywhere on the resort, even hinted at a tip!! They make so little income, and people should be ashamed to harrass these people. We felt very secure walking the beaches, and walk we did, every day, for many kilometers, beautiful. I did get up early to reserve a palapa on the beach, but this is done anyway at ANY of the European tourist resorts and cruises we have been on, so get with it. We have stayed at many other places with high ratings and found the staff barely friendly, as if looking after your needs were an inconvience to their talking with their buddies, and made sure they had their hand out for every little thing.NOT SO HERE. We would go back for sure, and take the kids this time.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perhaps i'm too fussy but i expect the best. It's all about the good the bad and the ugly.We went down during Christmas,three couples(well travelled) and 7 young adults,our children. This is our 3rd time in the DR.and probably our least liked hotel.We have been doing all inclusives for 15 years.If you are a food connaisseur you will not enjoy the food. The breakfast is very good and in my oppion it goes down from there. My wife and i didn't enjoy the lunches or diners but to be fair most people i talked to on the property loved it.We eat very little red meat and found that the fresh salads were inadequate and almost non existing.So if you are a vege or vegan don't go.The only ala carte restaurant that was good was the Japanese.They served lobster tails at some dinners but it was so over cooked that it turned to mush.What a waste. This was the only hotel out of three years going that lounges were reserved in the morning on the beachThis is one thing that rots me.I pay big money during x-mas and have to fight for cots.It won't happen again.The other resorts we went to had ample lounges on the beach.At one point i moved 4 towels someone had reserved after looking at them for 2 hours empty.No one showed up all day which leads me to believe that these people reserve 2 spots,one by the beach and one by the pool. The property is nice and long but they have less frontage on the water than other hotels.Rooms are clean and the washrooms are modern.The mini fridge is well stocked but they charged $4.00/day for a safety deposit key.Don,t cheap out on this. Though a five star hotel would never charge for this, it is a necessity.Two young adults in our group had $ taken from their rooms.I had 180.00 pesos stolen from my bag that was hidden.All in all it was a nice relaxing holiday.I give this place three out of five stars though, as i have said most people had no complaints.I admit i am a spoiled traveller.I would not return to this place even if they offered me a free trip.Bring your insect repellant and itch medicine. My wife got eaten alive by these bugs you can,t see.I,m sure it would have been more enjoyable during a low season time when the place is not so busy.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place, stop whining! Couple of things, first off, my wife and I went during the busiest time of the year, for New Years, so we kind of expected minor problems.You can see all of the pictures on the site and here about the service, which I thought was very good. I would like to share some things that were not on the site when we went.1. Bring your own chocolate and/or snacks if you NEED chocolate. You can get some at the buffetts and restaurants, but its usually not all that great.2. A little patience goes a long way with the staff. I was most upset at the way some people treated the staff, which was like servants with a limp. I must have told a person a day on our trip that they were rude to the staff and they were idiots. MOST employees at the resort speak some English, some do not, like the Line Chef's at the buffett. People, yelling at them isn't going to give them a better understanding. Here's a tip. Know what you want, and how to communicate it before you yell at someone who has NO IDEA what you want.3. While the food was pretty good, it still is the Dominican, and it has a distinct flavor not like what you'll get where you live. My wife and I didn't like the beef they served. That includes any steak you order from the restaraunts, hamburgers, anything. But the seafood was very good, as was the chicken. Most of the food tasted like it was cooked in some sort of bacon fat, so get used to the flavor or find something different. I recommend the pasta dishes and the Japonese and Mediteranean restauraunts.4. While the resort was very busy, food and drinks were plentiful. There were rarely lines at the buffett, except for making toast. If I could give the GBP one tip, it would be to have more toasters on hand. 5. Breakfast food was the same every day. I didn't care for any of the breakfast meats, and the selection was a bit limited. But if you ask, they will make you just about everything. Get there early to get fresh bread. For some reason, bread went stale very quickly there.6. The bartenders were a riot at every pool. Whether they were singing, dancing, or just having fun, they created a great atmosphere.7. The resort was, uh, kind of, European. If you have boys (or girls I guess) that are old enough to notice, the resort was probably 10% topless at the pools and 15% topless on the beach. I can see where some North Americans might be a little uncomfortable bringing pubescent kids. 8. None of the gift shops or mercados put a price on basically anything, except the main hotel gift shops. I can only tell you that I paid $45 for two pieces of art (which they have everywhere) one was about 6 by 28, the other a little bit smaller. The starting point for that negotiation, by the way, was $220 American. I also got two necklaces and a picture frame for $20, when the starting point was about $100. Please also be aware that many of the gift shops deal in fake designer labels, but don't exactly tell you that unless you ask. If you hate the thought of haggling, this isn't your place. Learn how to say too expensive and lower the price in spanish. Hopefully, more people will get the idea and list what they paid for their various items to give the rest of the people a hint of what they should be paying.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>its really not 5 star hotels hi the hotel its very big the service very bad bad recepcion personal katastrofewe have to wait 3 hour to get our room the food was no too goodalways the same at the snacksthe animation very poor animatour only want to drinkalcohol the disco nice but too short until 2 am disjokeyvery bad always the same musicthe room ok no 5 starin general its a 4 star hotel with very bad servicewe will never come again in this ho  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ABSOLUTELY UNBELIEVABLE My family and I just came back from an awesom 2 week vacation at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana. Absolutely incredible. We left Toronto on December 22, 2005 and returned January 5, 2005. We decided to do something a little different this year for Christmas and New Years. We were impressed with some of the reviews we read on this wonderful site so we book the Diamond Club at the Bahia Principe. At first when we got there we were so overwhelmed by the size of this resort. But let me tell you as everyday went by we appreciated its beauty. The resort is truly massive offering everything from great food, great accomodations, unbelievable entertainment and a wonderful friendly staff. Our travel agent sold us on the Diamond Club Section. The resort itself is divided into 4 sections. Premier (suppose to be adults only but were told that there were some kids), Premier being the furthest from the beach. The Bavaro, I believe offered standard rooms, the Golden and the Diamond which are closest to the beach. The resort has a tram running literally every 2 minutes to get around this massive resort. The Diamond Club offers a little more than the standard package. In room beach towels, internet access 20 minutes a day per person, bathrobes in the room and 4 alla carte restaurants per week. To be honest with you we preferred the Buffet over the restaurants. The buffet offered a large variety of food. Something for everyone. Christmas was rather quiet but let me tell you we have never had a New Years like this. Awesome party, great entertainment and fireworks that outdid Canada's Wonderland. These people really know how to party. Before dinner a must go to the main lobby for drinks. Nelson the bartender can put on an amazing show. Jose Luis the other bartender was so entertaining and his service was excellent. Overall service in restaurants, bars, maid service, excellent. This place is a must see!!!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort - 5-Star all the way Just came back from a family holiday, and we were all very impressed with the resort. So much to say - here are the key points:- The resort is very large. There really is something for everyone here, but if you want a quiet getaway, I would recommend somewhere smaller. Specifically, the main pool was very loud and crowded with lots of young children running around, but you can also find a quiet spot at one of the smaller pools, or in a secluded area on the very large beachfront.- The staff was exceptional. Friendly, courteous, and very professional. Best I've ever seen, at home or abroad, be it at a Fairmont or a 5-star in Cuba. These guys were outstanding!- Tipping is very optional. Unlike some resorts where you see the staff over and over again, that's not going to happen at this large resort. If you tip, it's out of the goodness of your heart, because it's not going to get you any better service. One exception may be the maids, but we gave gifts of toiletries because we wanted to.- Breakfast was incredible (at any of the restaurants), lunch was very good (at the main buffet), but the only really good suppers we had were at Le Gourment and Le Cafe de Paris. The Japanese restaurant was very average, and the buffet served the same food as it had at lunch. If you are a Maritimer or if you know what good seafood tastes like, stay away from their lobster, as you'll be quite disappointed. Likewise, if you are from Alberta, stay away from their steak, as it's not what you'll get at home.- The New Year's Eve event was spectacular, and really showed what a class act this resort is.- The nightly entertainment was not very good, unfortunately. Go to Cuba to see more talented performers.Overall, it was exceptional, and we'd go again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great resort       little guy on the beach  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DebCohill
<Content>Wonderful!!! Just returned from Gran Bahia and had a wonderful time! My husband and I traveled with two friends and our only complaint was that it is impossible to find newspapers. We checked the lobby store each day and there was never a paper in English our entire trip. Our rooms were on what was called the Premier side which we understood meant no children. Thus, it was an extremely quiet, restful area. Buffet food was usually good. The Japanese Restaurant is the best while the French and Seafood weren't impressive. This did not, however, change our feelings about the resort. We would definately go back.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Place to Relax Great place to relax. The beachfront and water were very pleasant. The food was decent (which is good for an all inclusive) and the drinks were good, once relationships were established with the bartenders who knew what they were doing. Best food and drinks to be had were in the lobby complex. Weather was very good. Great place for kids, they love the weather swimming and eating what they want (bbq hot dogs, hamburgers and fries) when they want throughout the day. New golf course being built adjacent to the resort. This is a good place to chill.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fight Fight Fight...BAHIA PRINCIPE This was my second all-inclusive in Dominican, the first was in Puerto Plata. Bahia Principe Punta Cana was the nicest one out of the two.Here's my list of pros and consPRO'S-everything not mentioned in consCONS'S-VERY BIG..taking the tran (shuttle) everywhere isn't all that bad. But when we went to reserve a sail boat, surf board, or kayak, they were booked till two days later.-Sometimes it was tough to communicate with the employees, but if you take your time and don't get upset with them you can eventually get what you want.-We left a bag on our beds one day and the cleaning staff thought it was a gift for them-Pepsi not CokeADVICE-book your A La Carte restaurants first day-book your water activities first thing in the morning-don't leave anything on beds-if you're nice to the staff, they'll be nice to you-make friends with the staff-get up early for a spot on the beach-SPF 8 doesn't workAt first you might be confused beacause the Bahia Principe is perfectly symetrical. It is divided into two parts...Bahia Principe Punta Cana and Bahia Principe Bavaro. Don't worry, same thing just some bracelets allow you to get food in different parts.This resort in wonderful...Amazing rooms, people, beachs...it deserves 5-stars  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mikeez_101
<Content>Bahia Principe Bavaro/Punta Cana - a very good Dominican resort       A view of the villas from the balcony  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magnificent Hotel My friend and I stayed at tis magnificent hotel Dec-03 to Dec-17 of 2005. The staff were very pleasant and service was excellent. Food was excellent except the porridge contained sugar and we did not get sick. We drank beer (not soft drinks) and the in room bar had both but only three cans of beer per day for two people. Bartender Nelson is a great juggler of bar items. Grounds are well kept and spacious. The sunrise is over the sea and worth seeing. The beach is beautiful (fine white sand. there are many lounge chairs, swimming pools, bars and restaurants.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lindolaura
<Content>Super resort, great vacation       taken from inside La isla looking at the main pool  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>one of the best in DR but not a 5 star when you arrive to this hotel you will be impressed by its size(about 1500 rooms)distributed by a large number of villages.in the first couple of days, i felt some dificulty to understand how the hotel works an were are all the facilities so you feel a litle lost. After two days you will see the hotel in a diferent way, and then you start to like it. If you like beach more then the pool, make shore that you go to the golden club, if not you have to take the schuttle (they are passing by almoast every minutes).The beach is very good, also all the pools and the gardens are wanderfull and well taken care. the rooms are not compared to the rest of the hotel, they could be better. Make shoure that you go to the mexican and japanese restaurants.Globaly i think its worth it to spend a week in this hotel to reast. i went for a walk to the other hotels next to this one, and they were all worst than gran bahia principe  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>honeymoonJun07
<Content>Good hotel, but NOT 5 star! first of all, you will note that many of the 5 star reviews come from tourists NOT from the united states. read on, if you'd like a good, balanced review of the resort!my boyfriend and i are professionals in our 30s and we came to the bahia principe for a little rr. we were generally very pleased--the grounds are beautiful and well kept. the lobby area is a spacious open area, and well done with great sculptures and lighting. our room was nicely decorated as well, and generally pretty clean. this resort area is in the middle of nowhere though--the whole drive up to the resort from the airport (about 30-45 mins) is along some rather run down roads and broken down storefronts. there aren't any decent nearby towns, so expect to stay at your resort almost all the time unless you go on one of the excursions...we stayed in the villa premiere part of the bahia principe. we were told that it is an exclusive area for adults only. however, you will note that the villa premiere is the section of the hotel farthest from the ocean. it takes about 10mins to walk from the villa premiere to the beach, or you can ride the tram to the beach--it supposedly runs every 5 mins, but we always ended up walking to the main tram which left from the main hotel lobby, which was always waiting to take people down to the ocean. kind of a pain to go from our area to the beach, but we got used to it...the ocean is beautiful, powdery white sand beaches, and lots of beach chairs were around, though not always available w/a palapa.there are two other hotels in the complex--the bahia principe bavaro, and the bahia principe punta cana. these two hotels are closer to the ocean, and are open to people of all ages, from what we could gather. our area (the villa premiere) was nice because our pool area was calm and un-crowded, and did not have any kids around or the associated craziness. we also had our own buffet area for breakfast  dinner, and a snack bar (though the snack bar had an abysmal food selection) that was open from 10-6. our room was pretty nice. there's a free mini bar with 3 beers, a couple of soft drinks, and two bottles of water--all of which is refilled each morning by the maid. it's included in the price of your room...definitely ask for a 2nd or 3rd floor room. we got one on the 3rd floor and never had a problem w/the centipedes that so many speak of. however, we did have lots of tiny ants running around the bathroom--i never discovered what they were looking for, but they were always there. the one thing that i will complain about is that we had a GIANT cockroach in our room--it was about 2 inches long. we found it at 11:30 at night, and tried to get someone to come and help us get it out of the room or kill it. after repeated calls to the front desk, we were eventually told that although they had tried to get some help for us, no one was going to come until the morning...maids clean the rooms w/the doors open, so all sorts of bugs can crawl in. they suggested that we keep a towel along the bottom edge of the door to keep other pests out, which we did, and after that we didn't run into any other giant bugs in our room. the room did smell rather musty--probably due to the humidity in the area. keep the A/C on and it's not so bad. oh, there is also some sort of smell of raw sewage that's in the punta cana lobby area. it must be due to the construction that's going on in the giant lot next door to the hotel. it's not always constant, but it's definitely noticeable. hmm, as for food...well, we both enjoy good food. the bay area has excellent restaurants, so i suppose we may be slightly more picky when it comes to eating. breakfasts were generally pretty good--omelettes made to order and usually bacon, pancakes, waffles, bread selection (banana or corn bread plus croissants and rolls etc), cereal, and lots of fresh fruit (pineapple, papaya, passionfruit, watermelon). plus, there were freshly blended juices every morning (watermelon, banana, canteloupe, papaya, pineapple)--VERY tasty. lunch in the buffet restaurants left quite a bit to be desired. the food was usually oversalted and tasted rather terrible. if anything, go for the pizza--it's pretty good but only available in some of the buffets. sometimes we ended up wandering from buffet to buffet until we found pizza. by the end, we found that it was usually better to go out by the beach where there were freshly grilled burgers and hot dogs, as well as the fresh fruit, pizza, etc. dinner buffets were also pretty terrible. when all else failed during dinner, we'd use the buffet pasta bar, which has decent pasta that's made to order. generally speaking, the buffet options are kind of nasty. the a la carte restaurants are also not that good. we found that the only good items were the large meat items (and i usually don't eat that much meat...). definitely go to the garden grill--the ribeye steak is pretty tasty. the mediterranean restaurant is also good and the prime rib turned out well. mexican restaurant was ok, but just a little bit off. and lastly, the japanese restaurant has a nice presentation--it's set up like benihana w/hibachi grills, but our food ended up overcooked and oversalted. the shrimp and fish tasted a bit fishy, but the chicken was decent. i suppose it was a good attempt, but if you're a sushi connoisseur, this isn't that great! i mean, everything is edible but it's NOT the best buffet i've ever had, nor is it the best food in the world, nor is it the best food i've had at an all inclusive resort. we likened it to being a little bit below cruise food for the most part...as for drinks, i found a lot of them to be way too sweet--pina coladas and daiquiris were super sugary so much of the time i ended up just drinking water, which by the way is fine to drink in any of the restaurants, or at the beach. do NOT drink the water from the bathroom sinks though. on the other hand, service at the restaurants is GREAT. the servers are friendly and quite hard working. they definitely appreciate a tip--we tipped the drink server and busboy $1 each, and they made sure our drinks were ALWAYS full. entertainment was ok. i always liked listening to the live guitarist in the punta cana lobby--he played the same set every single night, but try it out at least once--they're all covers and he seems to have some sort of penchant for lionel richie's hello and the beatle's yesterday, but he also throws in a bunch of other caribbean type songs like guantanamera. skip the shows--i'd say it's worse than cruise entertainment (just to keep going w/the cruise-type theme). so, overall...we had a very good time. it was really relaxing and beautiful. perfect weather (75-85 and kinda humid) with almost full sun til around 1pm, and then clouds would come in for the afternoon. rooms were nice. food was ok (fill up on breakfast and try to get as many a la carte dinners as possible). oh, and who ever recommended tipping the door people $5 to get in to an ala carte restaurant--be careful which you choose! we tried to get into the french restaurant like that, and were turned away. it might work at the mediterranean or mexican restaurants though...definitely go if you want a stress free, beautiful caribbean vacation. do not expect the food to be first rate though!  
<Date>Dec 25, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelinwoolbury
<Content>Loved It!!! Dec 13-20 Just returned from The Gran Bahia. I have travelled to many caribbean resorts and most recently (May 2005) was the RIU Palace Macao in Punta Cana. I loved the RIU, however, I loved the Principe even more. The resort is beautiful. The pools and beach are some of the nicest I have seen. The food in the buffet was okay, but the ala carte restaurants were awesome. My favourite was the Japanese, then Italian , then the Paris. We also went to the steakhouse which was not very good. The resort is huge, so be prepared to walk. We had a three year old and a ten month old and I was glad we brought strollers for both. They have a tram service which comes every few minutes. Our room was close to the beach and was on the main floor. We did not see any bugs like some of the other reviews talked about. I would have no problem recommending this resort to anyone. One disappointment to us was the staff was not as friendly as at the RIU Palace. Also, another disappointment which has nothing to do with the hotel, was the weather. Its rainy season in December and it rained basically everyday. Not all day, but the sun was out for maybe half the day and then overcast. All in all it was a great vacation.Also, anyone travelling with children, they have a playpen in the room for babies to sleep in and a daybed for toddlers. The rooms are nice. Very large and clean  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PrincessAna
<Content>Great Vacation I will try not to repeat what other people already have written about the resort.We had a great vacation at Bahia Principe. We went there between Dec. 4th and 11th and stayed on the Punta Cana side of the resort. It is a beautiful and clean resort with a breathtaking beach. The people are friendly and hard working. The night entertainment is the part where the resort should really improve. Some of the shows are really cheesy. Hope this resort will follow Iberostar鈥檚 example when it comes to entertaining.We loved Bahia Principe and we would return any time.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth the reviews I saw Obviously I knew from the start that the resort could not be a true 5 star with so many rooms, but the reviews were so nice that I was convinced.No turn down service, no place for children to play, the kids club has no material, not attractive at all, we never left our 8 year old child there.Everytime we asked for something to a staff, the answer was No. I thing it lacks middle management supervision. The excursions are too expensive and disappointing.(Cuba or Brazil are much better in that respect). The main restaurant is impressive to start with, but then very repetitive.The Duche Vichy at the Spa is bad, basically there is no massage. On the good side, cleaning is ok, the building and the room space is fine, beach is very nice, pools are big, however I would not recommend.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>BahiaFan
<Content>Go and Have Fun       Boogie Boarding  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mark1953
<Content>Excellent Hotel We are a 50ish couple who stayed at the Bahia Dec 3-10. The hotel is excellent. we have stayed at Iberostars in Punta Cana, La Romana and Puerto Plata and we found the Bahia superior to all of them. We upgraded to Club Golden upon arrival($20 per day)and received what we thought was the best room in the hotel. Room 1101, right where the main pool meets the beach. The room was large and clean. Even though we were on the first floor, we did not see one bug the entire time. The beach is well kept with hardly any seawood and there were always enough chairs. The pool was a little cool but also very clean and well maintained.We found the food to be much better than any of the Iberostars we have visited. This was particularly true in the ala carte restaurants.The tram service was great. The tram sstop was about a one minute walk from our room and there was always one waiting. There are four trams operating all the time and they only cover a distance of lesss than 1/2 mile, so there is hardly ever any wait.Any questions, I will be glad to answer at boulevardhall@yahoo.com.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>horatiohornblower
<Content>Not a 5 star Hotel My wife and I just came back from Bahia Principe. The beach is beautiful, however, the beauty is taken away by a huge rusty tanker parked 300m out in the ocean.The buildings, gardens are wonderful.The service is great and we found no problem communicating with the staff.Rooms were clean and spacious, although we did have to kill many mosquitos. The biggest problem with the place is the food. Oil and salt on everything and the food in the restaurants is the same as the buffet. Same old thing every day.There is a feeding frenzy every day for breakfast and lunch at the ocean snack bars. It seems some people have never eaten before. The are rude, ignorant and classless. We saw some reach over the food and saw sweat from their armpits fall on the food. Need less to say we did not eat at the beach buffet again.Management has a dress code for the evening but none for breakfast and lunch which makes no sense.Another thing that is pretty disgusting is seeing 300lb men and women in speedos and topless. One little girl sitting beside us summed it all up.Mommy, will I look that ugly when I grow up.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasurable stay in paradise       View of one of the main pools.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just a wonderful place       view from balcony  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantabulous !! Fantabulous Resort !!!Check-in: Was a breeze, since it was done at 3:30am. (Late flight )Food: Did 4 a la cartes, here鈥檚 a quick review of all four; Japanese: Amazing food, and an amazing experience (sushi, tempura, chicken, beef, fish); French (le gourmet): I believe it was the best filet mignon I鈥檝e ever had (tender and very tasty); Le Grill: Had the Rib-eye steak, holy wow !! Again, very tender and flavourful.Seafood resto: Had a seafood melange (calamari, shrimp, mussels, fish), was very good.Buffet: Breakfast was good (bacon, eggs, potatoes, and all other breakfast items); No complaints for lunch.....the Diner buffets were very diversified and thematic (beef, chicken, pork, fish, pastas, rice, etc..) and delicious.The only thing was the wine served in the a la carte restaurants were mucho better than the wine served at the buffet. Beach/pool: Very clean and beautiful. Pleasant atmosphere and scenery. Water in the main pool close to the beach was a little chilly at first, but very refreshing once in it... nothing to complain about though.Drinks: according to my wife, were very good, for me Mr. Presidente (local beer) did not disappoint.Rooms: If you don鈥檛 mind having little centi-pedes crawling everywhere on the floor, the 1st level is ok, however, if I didn鈥檛 stomp 100 of those little critters, I didn鈥檛 kill one. We changed for a 3rd floor room on the 3rd night we were there, no problemo, didn鈥檛 see anything after that. Aside from that, the room was spic-and-span and beautifully new....loved it ! Also enjoyed the fridge in the room, for those mornings you want a cerveza before 10am hahaha... Hey, I鈥檓 on vacation ! : )Service: Everyone is very friendly and very helpful, they always do their best to try to speak English. Learning a few basic words in Spanish before going helps. Grounds: Still young, but very beautiful and lush. The Grounds are not as huge as some may have described it in previous reviews. Just perfect for short walks after eating too much... I鈥檇 say walking from the main lobby to the beach is approximately 5-8 minutes. If you don鈥檛 want to walk, there always seems to be a shuttle trolly ready to give you a ride.Shows: Nothing too great in my opinion. The dancers were talented and choreography was good, though I鈥檓 not a big fan of lip-synching. I didn't really book this vacation for the shows anyway, so it didn鈥檛 bother me at all.I definitely would recommend this place to everyone.Bryan  Tara  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation       The Beach  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>holiday 2005 hotel was lovely rooms nice and clean. cleaned every day, food for everyone. Need to speak a little spanish as english isn't understood all that well. pool clean. Just a little advice to anyone thinking of going make sure to have a safe got a text while we were there from our bank asking for authorisation on credit card, funny we thought we had been on the beach all day not usin our card at all. We were asked to check to see if was in our possesion yes you've guessed ti, it had gone on further investigation found we were'nt alone and later found out that it had been one of the supervisors of the hotel they had been in and taken just one of our cards no money or nothing else a day before we were due to go home perhaps hoping we would'nt notice until we got home which would have been too late. how many more times has this happened? I wonder but apart from that i can honestly say we had a lovely holiday i would go back again but i would have a safe next time also it was good value for money i am from england and booked it over the internet very cheap shall i say.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More pros than cons at the Gran Bahia My companion (he's 74, I'm 71) just returned from a week at the Gran Bahia. Normally we spend our vacations on cruise ships but decided on the Gran Bahia because of the great reviews we read and the recommendation from our travel agent.We were a bit tired of crusing and just wanted to find a place to PLOP!!! We wanted a great room, cleanliness most important, good food and a great place to relax and unwind and that is just what we got.We upgraded to the Golden Club and it was a great choice. We had a first floor room (my knees are not the greatest when it comes to steps) and it was spotlessly clean. We were between the pool  beach and the buffet restaurant. The tram that runs on the main road is such a great idea for us older folks with minor ailments. We absolutely loved the buffet. There was a great variety of things to choose from and even if you are a picky eater you will find something to please your palate. We had some really super fish dishes there prepared on a grill while you waited. The staff cannot be praised highly enough. Although language is a barrier (we speak no Spanish at all) we were able to communicate and make our wants known. We fell in love with a waitress named Petronolio in the buffet restaurant. She was so perky and loved making us cappuccino when we finished our dinner. Everyone on the staff is eager to please. We had a problem with the mini-fridge in our room and within 10 minutes of making a phone call for repair the fridge was fixed. The lobby is a beautiful place to sit, relax, have a drink and just hang out. We tried to Japanese, Seafood and French restaurants. We enjoyed them all and would higly recommend them.The only downer we had was with some crawly, small, wormy caterpillar-like things that were on the floor in our first floor room. We heard the same complaint from some other folks we talked to and most of them had their rooms changed to second and third floor mini-suites. We chose not to because I just could not climb the stairs to the 2nd and 3rd floors. Instead they exterminated the room for us which helped the problem somewhat but we were careful and did not walk around the rooms barefooted. We never saw them anywhere else, only on the floor and they were not so numerous that it caused us any discomfort.Would I go back to the Gran Bahia - absolutely yes. As a matter of fact I am already planning a trip there with some of my children and grandchildren. What a wonderful place to have a family vacation!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>myrealityville
<Content>Just beautiful Dec 11,2005Pennsylvania,USAI just had to tell everyone that this hotel is lovely.The prettiest beaches, and just super nice people working there. We spent every day on the beach.The pools are lovely,but we like the beach.One of the most relaxing vacations we have ever had.We did take one excersion to Saona Island in a catamaran. Had lunch on the beach,played volley ball, danced, and went for a swim.Plenty of rum on the way.Came back by speed boats,and stopped to play with the star fish. Just a great day.The food at the hotel was plentiful.You can always find something you like.Pasta was great,fish was great,pizza was great.etc.My only complaint was the beef.Very tough.The hotel rooms are very nice and clean.There are plenty of shops to spend your money, or you can go to the casino.Theres always a show at night.I would highly recommend this hotel.I was a little leery going to the Dominican Republic,and when you are on your way to the hotel, you see alot of poor villages, lots of motor scooters,and meat hanging in the streets, but once you get to the hotel,its another world.Would I go back? Oh yes.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sullyfini
<Content>One can Do Better Hotel had both its positives and negatives, but overall I would not go back and would not recommend this hotel to anyone. NOTE: NO AMERICANS AT THIS HOTEL!Positives:Food : Buffet - was very good. Had a variety of things to choose from. All fresh and tasty. The main buffets have the best breakfast and lunch food, as it is much larger therefore having a larger variety. However, its far from the pool/beach so is inconvenient. For lunch I would recommend going to the mexican or fish restaurant over the snack bar outside. More variety, food is fresher as it is not out all day in the hot sun. I would recommend on a food scale going to the buffets over the a la carte dinners.  A la Carte - Had reservations at the Japanese, French and Fish restaurants. The Japanese was tasty - definetly not like japanese restaurants with in the New York area. The chef cooks in front of you (hibachi style) but you cant see bc the cooking surface is raised above eye level. The chefs dont do any special tricks either. But the food was good. The French restaurant - everyone raves about but my meal personally was not good. We didnt bother going to the fish restuarant as we thought the food at the buffets were very good. Entertainment:  There was always something going on at the hotel, both during the day and at night. Daytime activities are fun, they have aerobics, beach/pool games, dance lessons, etc. Nightime activities include shows at the theatre. Some nights they were definetly entertaining and worth watching. They include the audience which is nice. NOTE: THEY CLOSE BOTH THE LOBBY BAR AND THE THEATRE AT 11 PM SHARP. ALL LIGHTS SHUT OFF. They push you towards the pueblo principe area to spend money.Service: Service within the restaurants/buffet are very good. They are always on top of cleaning away dishes, filling up your drinks, etc. The entertainment staff works very hard as well. Beach: Nice beach, water is a blue but can not see the bottom. Water is also a little rough (nothing like cancun). Many palapas to lay under.NEGATIVES:POOL - pool is ice cold! They should really think about heating it. The pool was always empty as it was too cold for most people to even put their feet in.WEATHER - It may just have been when we went 12/3-12/8 but the weather was not nice. The sun is strong there when it was out, but there is a very cold and constant wind. (only had 1 full day of sun, very dissappointing)ROOMS - Rooms are a nice size, beatiful bathroom, nice patio. BUGS IN BED! - there were little tiny bugs crawling in the beds, on the pillows and sheets. Beds are comfortable, however sheets are extremely rough, and the bugs were disgusting. Got bitten all over.SERVICE - FRONT DESKThey REFUSED to speak english, did not inform us of anything. From reading reviews we new to ask about activities and for a map. Otherwise it would not have been given to us. You need an id bracelet throughout your stay at the hotel - they neglected to give us ours upon check in. We had to go back after seeing everyone wearing one, and ask for it.DRINKS - Both positive and negative - They were all amazing, especially the COCO LOCO- however if you are a drinker make sure you ask for a lot of alcohol - otherwise they don't put any in. Also try the DIRTY MONKEY - its not on the drink list but is amazing!This was my first vacation that I actually was not sad about leaving. I couldn't wait to leave this hotel and the DR. If your american I would 100% NOT reccommend this hotel to you. I didnt think it would matter that noone around you speaks english, but in such a large resort, you may need assistance on where something is or if something is going on or even to ask someone to take a picture. Its hard not being able to speak to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Alison O
<Content>Can't see how people can complain We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana for the last 2 weeks in November and had a fantastic time. We used this site when deciding which hotel to book and I'm glad we ignored some of the petty complaints others had made as there really isn't anything to complain about. The hotel might not be quite 5 star, but it is definitely 4 star plus and by Dominican standards I doubt you can get much better. I won't go into too much detail as so many other people have described the rooms, resort etc but I cannot believe people have the cheek to moan about the lack of English spoken, the food etc. Firstly, if you go to a Spanish speaking island, don't be so ignorant as to expect everyone to speak English! The reception and restaurant staff spoke enough English for us to get by, but if you are worried take a phrase book with you. I even left a note for the maid asking for flannels and although she spoke no English, she obviously got someone to translate for her as she had left some when we got back to the room that evening. The food was great, especially the seafood. Of the a la carte restaurants we tried the Mexican, Gourmet, Grill, Seafood and Japanese. The only one we weren't impressed with was the Mexican. we didn't try the Italian as we eat loads of pasta at home and the seafood was so good we decided to go back there for a 2nd visit! The snack bars for lunch were sufficient for a snack but if you wanted something a bit more proper the buffet was open from 1.The beach is fantastic. Pure white sands that don't get hot at all, so none of that mad dash to the water that you get in most countries. It was the nicest beach either of us have ever seen by a long way - even compared to resorts in the north of the island.The only thing that wasn't great was our tour company (First Choice) but I won't let that spoil my review of a fantastic hotel. All I will say is if you are travelling with them, beware that trips are priced in USD, but paid for in pesos so you lose out twice on the exchange rate - take enough USD in cash to pay for them instead!I can't really comment on the evening entertainment as we tended to just have drinks in one of the various bars. But there were always plenty of people watching the shows when we walked past so they can't have been that bad.Tipping is not necessary at all - we got great service regardless, but it doesn't harm to leave a dollar or 2 occasionally for the maid / bar staff.If you are looking for a cheap winter holiday away I can't think of a better place to go.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation, excellent resort My wife and I were scheduled to go to the Gran Bahia Principe Tulum in Mexico for our honeymoon but ended up going to the Dominican instead after the hurricane hit Mexico. We ended up having an excellent honeymoon. The Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana was everything we had hoped for.The only things we had to complain about were small and had no impact on our stay, however, I will mention a couple of them later on.The resort was split up into three separate areas, Punta Cana, Bavaro, and Premier. Club Diamond was in the Bavaro side and had access to both the Punta Cana and Bavaro areas. The Premier was the adults only section. It was also the one farthest from the beach. We went there for dinner one evening but I will not cover this section, as we did not stay there. We booked through Sunquest and stayed in the Club Diamond part of the Resort, which was close to everything. Club Diamond gave us access to quick check-in and out, free internet access, an extra a la carte dinner each week (4 instead of 3), rooms closer to the beach, our own pool (this was not really enforced and was not an issue) and several other little extras. The Diamond package also allowed us to buy a pair of small diamond earrings for $35.00.Flight:The fight was okay. I'm 6'4 so I didn't fit very well in the small seats but most charter aircraft are the same and the flight is only about 4 hours. They do serve a small meal and free pop and water. Bring your own headphones so you can watch the movie or listen to music. The ones on the plane cost $5.Arrival: Everything went smoothly at the airport. We picked up our luggage, turned it over to a porter who brought us and the luggage to our bus. Then off to your hotel. It took about 40 minutes to get to the hotel. We arrived at the hotel at 1pm and went to the Club Diamond room. We had a drink while we were waiting to check in. Normally, check-in is at 3pm, but our room was ready and the porters picked up our luggage and drove us to our room. If you are arriving before 3pm, make sure you have a change of cloths in your carry-on. Change into your shorts, t-shirt and sandals, head down to the pool, the beach or the bar and wait for your room to be ready. They will hold your luggage for you.All-Inclusive:Make sure you read the fine print. All food is included. Local beer, local spirits and local wine are included. You have to pay for booze from outside the country. So if your are a scotch drinker, your brand from home will not be included.Language:Most of the staff in the main lobby and the Club Diamond room speak Spanish, English and French. However, the majority of the workers at the hotel speak only Spanish. You are not in your country any more. Do not expect all of the staff to understand you. We brought a little pocket guide to Spanish. It helped a lot. We learned a few phrases and we were able to get our point across most of the time. If there is something very important, call the front desk and someone there should be able to speak your language and help you out.Rooms:We stayed in building 27, room 205 (second floor). Try to get a second or third floor room just to avoid the possibility of bugs crawling under you door. However, we didn't see too many around. Every room is a suite. We had a king size bed, cable TV, bar fridge (everything in the fridge is included in your package and is restocked daily), a sitting area, a Jacuzzi bath and a balcony. Couldn't ask for anything better. There was a safe in the room, but it cost about $5/day. It was a little annoying to have to pay for the safe, but better safe than sorry (pardon the pun). Your can't get away from all the little bugs. There are small ants that can get into anything that's not sealed. If you have candies or anything sweet, ensure it is sealed up tight or put it in the fridge.Laundry:There is a laundry service at the resort, but it is not included in your package and the prices were a little high. You should try and bring enough clothes for the trip or bring some detergent and hand wash everything in the room. We were there for two weeks and ended up doing laundry twice in the room and hanging the clothes to dry on the balcony.Food:Main Buffet:The food was great. The main buffet was open for break, lunch and dinner. They have a different theme every evening (7 day cycle). There was always lots of selections, plus fresh fruits, salads and desserts. For breakfast, we had omelettes or fried eggs cooked in front of us. For lunch and supper, there was normally one area where they cooked fresh pasta for your and another where the were cooking fish, pork chops and beef. I could always find something to eat (most days the problem was having too many choices). You can't go into the buffet in a bikini or swimming trunks. Shorts and a t-shirt (or wrap for the ladies) were the minimum.A La Carte restaurants:There were 8 a la carte restaurants in the resort. We had access to all of them. However, you had to make reservations at least one day ahead and there is a dress code (pants and collared shirt for the men, casual for the women). Bring light pants as it can get a little warm during the dinner. I would recommend you make all of your booking for a la carte dining as soon as you can after arriving. There were several evenings we couldn't get a reservation. We tried the Cafe Paris, the Italian restaurant, the Japanese restaurant, the Gourmet restaurant, the Garden Grill and the Mexican restaurant. With the except of the Mexican restaurant, everything else was very good and the service was outstanding. We especially liked the Gourmet and the Garden Grill. The service at the Mexican restaurant was below par and we didn't enjoy the food. You may want to take our review with a grain of salt, as neither of us are fans of Mexican food, but we did hear several other couples that also did not enjoy the food there. We never tried the Seafood restaurant or the Mediterranean restaurant.Beach snack bars:There are three snack bars, one by the main pool and two others just off the beach. They served hamburgers, hotdogs, chicken and pasta every day. The one by the pool was open from 1000-2200 hrs. The ones on the beach were open from 1200-1800 hrs. No dress code here.Fast food joint in the market square:If you wanted something to eat later in the evening, there was a hamburger joint in the market square (just past the main lobby) that was open late. Drinks and food in the market square are also included in your stay, but you had to sign your room number on the bills.Service:I can't say enough about the service. The workers were always pleasant, helpful and worked hard. We tipped $1-2 at most meals and more at the a la cart restaurants. We also tipped some of the staff if they went out of their way to help us. We also tipped some of the bar staff, especially if your were going to be hanging around one area and going back for multiple drinks. Nelson was a bar tender in the main lobby. The man is talented and he mixes a wicked drink. The staff appreciated the tips but they worked just as hard even if they were not tipped. Our room was always clean. We brought down a bunch of small dollar store cosmetics that we left for our maid and we left $1 a day too. If we asked for anything, she would try and get it for us. There was only one odd problem. A lack of facecloths. But this problem was not limited to our hotel. We spoke with travelers at other resorts and they had problems getting facecloths as well. Bring several of your own and make sure they are not white (could get confused with the towels from the resort).Beach:The beach is beautiful. There were lots of places to lie down, suntan, read or sit in the shade. We went walking on the beach almost every day. The water was clean and warm. Swimming in the ocean was great. There was also a volleyball net and a beach soccer area. Non-motorized water sports were also included. Make sure you book a day ahead to avoid being disappointed. Pools:There are two pools in the middle of the resort (one reserved for Club Diamond members) and the main pool by the beach. The main pool was split up into three areas. Every pool had a swim up bar. The activity lists are posted next to each pool for the entire day and the beach towel exchange booth is next to the main pool.Entertainment:There was always something going on. The theatre had a seven-day schedule with different things going on each night. The only complaint was almost everything closed down at 2300 hrs in the main part of the resort. After that, you had to go to the market square. They had a band on the stage earlier in the evening and the disco opened up around 2300 hrs. There was also a small casino, a karaoke bar and the hamburger jointShopping:There is a small area about a 30 minute walk down the beach (to the right if you are looking at the ocean) where 15 or 20 shops are set up. They sell all of the standard tourist souvenirs. The prices are high but you can usually bargain them down. For some items, we ended up paying about 20-25% of what they asked for, for others (T-shirts) we ended up paying about half of what they wanted. Before you go shopping, go to the hotel gift shop and take note of their prices, then go to the market square in the resort and see what they are charging. We found out after that fact that we could have bought some of the items at the hotel market square for a lower price than we paid on the beach (after we had spent time bartering for a lower price). As a note, you can barter with the merchants in the market square, but the actual shops that have price tags on their wares will not drop their prices. However, their prices for many products seemed to be very reasonableThere is an orientation briefing every day. Normally English in the morning and French in the afternoon. The briefing is given by your tour rep and it will fill you in on everything you need to know about the resort and surrounding area. Try to take in one as soon as you get to the resort.Our Sunquest rep had a table in the Club Diamond room and she was there for several hours everyday. There was also a Sunquest book there with information on the country, tours and departure times. The free Internet terminals and a copy of the Toronto Star were located in the Club Diamond room as well.There is a bus that goes up and down the resort (from the beach to the main building) if you don't want to walk. It takes about 10 minutes to walk from the beach to the lobby.Trips:We went on three excursions while we were there.- The first one was the Caribbean Festival (half a day). You go out on a huge catamaran (we had over 60 people in our group) and go snorkelling at two different locations. At one site, you snorkel around the coral reef and see a lot of different species of fish. At the second site, you go snorkelling with sharks and stingrays. Now don't freak out, the sharks are a variety that do not attack or eat meat and the stingrays have had their stingers removed. While you are travelling from one site to another, there was music, dancing and drink to be had. Small snacks at the end of the day. We had a great time. The only down side was that it took almost an hour to pick up all the people at the various resorts and get us to the boat.- The second one was the Bavaro Runners (full day). You travel in the back of a large open-topped bus. While we were traveling to our first location, we got a short history lesson on the country, what they import and export, how the people live and so on. We started off at a sugarcane plantation and we got to try raw sugarcane. Next it was off to a tobacco museum/store. We learned how they grew tobacco, the different kinds of tobacco plants and how they turned it into cigars. Also had the opportunity to buy cigars and other tourist souvenirs. Next we went to a family's small fruit farm. We had an opportunity to see their house and how they lived. Then we toured the farm. Saw how they grew coffee and cocoa beans, and how they turned them into coffee and chocolate. Saw the various different fruits and vegetables they grew. Then it was back in the truck for a drive through the country-side and finally on to a small ranch. There, we had a short horse back ride on the beach. Then it was time for a quick BBQ with some time left over to lie on the beach or go boogy-boarding. We had an excellent time. Our guide Miguel knew a lot about the country and was able to answer all of our questions. Drinks throughout the day and the BBQ are included in the tour. Definitely a must see.- The final excursion was a shopping day (half day). In the advertisement, we were supposed to go to a market where Dominicans shopped and see what the buy and how much stuff costs. Unfortunately, this wasn't the case. We started off going to a cigar shop. It was a small business and only sold their own product. It was good quality cigars, but there was nothing to compare it to. Next we went to a run factory. I thought we would be able to purchase rum at reasonable prices. Not. This was a flavoured rum factor. The owner bought the rum, added different flavours (banana, coffee, vanilla, etc) and packaged it in a hand painted bottle. Looked really nice but they cost over 3x what a normal bottle of run would cost and I didn't really like to flavours. Next we headed off to the market. We got off the bus and found ourselves in the middle of dozens of small shops selling tourist souvenirs. The exact same stuff we had seen on the beach and in the resort market square. And even worse, they wanted even more money than anywhere else. We tries to barter with a couple of them, but they only came down a little. We ended up going home empty handed.- We ended up buying a lot of souvenirs in the market square on the resort. If your can get to one of the bigger cities, you should be able to buy some of the stuff at cheaper prices, but we very really found out how much local stores charge for items.Bring lots of sunscreen, batteries and film. It is all very expensive there. Bring an underwater camera if you are planning to go snorkelling. If you like snacks (chips, chocolate, etc), bring them as well. Anything that is imported costs a lot more than here. For example, Pringles cost $6 US for a can and there are no local shops close to the resort to buy local snacks. There are also no snack machines around the resort. Bring some bug spray. Most days there was a nice breeze, so it wasn't a problem for us, but while we were waiting at the airport for our flight home, I ended up getting quite a few bites.Bring an insulated mug with a top that can close for your drinks. You can fill it up and bring it to the beach with you. Your drinks will stay cooler longer and you won't get as much sand in them either.Bring Imodium and any other medicines you might need. We used the Imodium several times and the band aids helped with a few blisters from so much walking. Anti-itch cream was also good to have for a couple of insect bites.Trip home:We packed up after two weeks in paradise. The porters brought us and our luggage to the lobby. We checked out from the Club Diamond room (no line-ups) and left the resort after breakfast. We got to the airport in 40 minutes and checked in. Then we had our only bad experience in the Dominican. We were limited to 20kg per person for checked in baggage and we were only allowed to bring one carry-on. We were 12kg over and ended up paying $84 US for the extra weight. The weight rule was not enforced on the trip down, but they charged everybody on the way back. Keep this in mind when you are packing to go down and when you are buying souvenirs. I brought all of the booze with me in my carry-on and we were still over weight. The couple next to us paid almost $150 US in over weight charges.Overall, we had a great time and a memorable honeymoon. We would recommend this resort to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stephkat
<Content>Some people are Never satisfied...no less than 5 stars!!!       Macho man evening entertainment!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BellaSky
<Content>Awesome, Awesome!!!       view from our room  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Time Ever!! The Bahia Principe is the best! Two of us went (ages 24 and 26)and we have nothing bad to say about the whole trip. We booked through sunquest and stayed in the Diamond Part of the Resort which is in the middle of the resot. I would have to say this is the best location because you are close to everything.Flight:We booked through Sunquest and the fight was good. Yes you do not have much room in your seat but you are in DR before you know it. Remember to bring headphones so you do not have to buy the overpriced ones on the plane and you can watch the movie or listen to music for free.Arival: Once ariving at Punta Cana Airport things went fairly smoothly. They direct you to your tour bus and off you go to the Hotel. It took about 40 minutes to get to the hotel. We arrived at the hotel at noon, check-in is at 3pm, but all of our rooms were ready and they have bellboys there who pick up your lugguage and drive you to your room, they even take your bags to your door for you. Great fast service with a smile. They even had wine when we arrived.Rooms:We stayed in room 28203 building 28, second floor. I would say try to get a second or third floor room just to aviod the possibility of bugs crawling under you door if you are on the first floor. With that being said there are not that many bugs around. We were Diamond which I would say is the best because Golden is closer to the beach but farther from the stuff in the middle of the resort and the stuff at the top of the resort near the lobby. Premier is the farest from the beach or anything for that mater. It is an adults only section, but is far from everything and you pay more. I do not think it would be worth it.Food:The food was great. There was always lots of selection and fresh fruits and salads.Service:I could not say enough about the service. The workers there put so much effort forth and work really hard. I would still be chewing my last bit of food and my plate would already be gone. Or my water would be have empty and they would fill it. The service was so good that it got to the point that so many people are helping you that you didn't know who to tip. We tiped $1-2 at every meal. They really appreciate it, but they would work just as hard even if they were not tipped. They deserve it.Our room was always clean. I brought down a bunch of cosmetics that I left our maid and we left $1 a day too. If you used one of something it was replaced with 3. I had drank 1/2 a bottle of pop and left it in the fridge and when I went to drink the rest it was gone and replaced with a new bottle. When we were leaving and I called for a bellboy to come pick us up he said 5 minutes, but he was there in 2 minutes. I can not say enough about the service.Beach/ Grounds/ Pools:The beach is beautiful, losts of places to sit and sun or sit in the shade. The gardens and flowers around the resort are beautiful. There is a really big pool in the middle of the resort and there is also three pools at the front of the resort by the beach. There were always clean.Extra:There is a market about 30 minutes down the beach (to the right if you are looking at the ocean). They will start with high prices, but you can usually lower it to 20% of what they asked for.Go to the orientation thing that Sunquest or your tour rep has it will fill you in on everything you need to know about the resort and surrounding area.There is a bus that goes up and down the resort if you don't want to walk but by the time it makes all its stops you will arive at the same place at the same time. It takes about 15 minutes to walk from one end of the resort to the other.Bring lots of sunscreen. You don't want to buy it there is it is over priced.Bring an insulated mug for your drinks. They will fill it for you and your drinks will stay cooler longer.Best trip ever, I will return!!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jazziebaggs
<Content>Overall great value Date Dec 2/06Reviewer: Kingston OnWe have just returned from a week at the Grand Bahia Principe Diamond Premier in Punta Cana.First off, we got a great deal through the travel agent because they were willing to match the price from the internet. The Punta Cana airport was very disorganized. The travel agent gave us travel documents to hand to officials in order to get our tourist card. Officials scanned everyones and were claiming that at least half were forgery's so they charged an additional $10.00 US at the airport to give us the tourist cards. Very few officials spoke any English and began arguing amongst themselves about the additional charges. Eventually we just paid and left hoping our sunquest rep could figure it out and get our money back. They gave us all our check-in material on bus so when we arrived they escorted us to lunch and them took the bags to the room. Be prepared to tip. Everyone expects it although it really doesnt affect the service you receive.Rooms were beautiful. We were diamond premier villa 28 which was a pretty good location. Resort huge so be prepared to get lots of exercise which is good because the buffets and ala carte restaurants are great. They have a tram running constantly for those who are too tired to walk.The beach is beautiful and you can walk for miles. I highly recommend walking down to the shopping huts about 35 minutes down the beach. Lots of people and other resorts to check out and you can get some great deals if you are willing to bargain. As a reference check out the mall stores attached at the resort because sometimes you will see some jewlery in them cheaper than what the guys from the stalls are charging even after bargaining with them. The only other suggestion I would make is bone up on your spanish or take a translation dictionary. For 3 or 4 nights we had an animal living in the walls of our room who was very active at night, pawing and scraping. We reported it to the desk and they thought we had a bird flying in the room. After the next night we again requested some assitance with the problem or possibly a transfer they said they would take care of it. When we returned to the room a few hours later they had sprayed some powerful lemon scented spray. When we inquired about it they said they sprayed for ants. A dictionary would have come in handy.One final word it was a beautifully designed resort, very clean, pleasant staff, good food, and great beach. The animation team wasn't very good and not alot of organized activities so if your looking for alot of excitement this is not the resort for you.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bahia Principe - PARADISE Nov 25-Dec 2/05 - We just returned from the Bahia Principe Bavaro which was paradise. I have to 1st start off by saying to anyone reading these reviews, do not listen to the negative. There is nothing negative about this hotel. It is rated 5 star  it is that and more. It is a very big resort which is divided into sections. We stayed in the Premier section which is exclusive to 18+. The rooms are huge, the a la cartes all amazing with a different theme to each..i personally loved Italian (chef's special pastas were to die for). The staff were incredibly friendly, especially Paeblo and Rolando. Very happy happy people (you will see). The beach was busy but gorgeous and lots of fun. I had a bit of reluctance coming to this resort because of the size but there are trollys that run all the time but we walked most of the time to the beach which was maybe a 15 minute walk from the Premier section. The lobby's are amazing with marble floors and like i said before, the rooms are huge. We had a room with a king size bed overlooking our pool area. I can't say enough about this resort. We loved it and cannot wait to go back. Thanks to all our new friends, you know who you are. Cheers to you all from Wayne and Lynn  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thought I died and gone to Heaven! My husband and I booked this last minute holiday as a replacement holiday that we had booked for New Orleans!!We both went with an open mind having read some of the reviews on trip advisor which had a huge range. I am here to tell you that those who gave the resort as bad review must have been on drugs because we had the best vacation ever!Yes I wouldn't give it 100%, the airport arrival is a little confusing trying to figure out what forms you need to fill out, the green or the blue. Check in at the hotel was relatively smooth with the exception of getting the safe because the person that took the money for the safe was not there at the time. (I still cannot figure out why Bahia don't include this. They should just add the $30.00 U.S to the all inclusive rate to avoid any bad feelings) Once we were settled in the most amazing room eve. We were on the first floor and I agree with a previous review, I have more bugs in my house than I saw down there.From then on I had to keep pinching myself as I couldn't believe I was there. The beach was the most beautiful I have ever seen. The sand is so soft and white and the water the most beautiful turquoise blue. I am rarely one to swim in any body of water other than a heated pool and I was in the ocean everyday.If you couldn't find anything to eat in any of the buffet's or a la carte restaurants then you are one picky eater. I was stuffed after every meal and even if I wasn't, you could always go to the buffet! No the food is not like home, but then again you are in a foreign country.The staff are so friendly and accomodating. There is some language barrier but I was aware of this before I left so this was not biggie. The first day instead of getting a strawberry dacquiri I got a tequilla sunrise. What the heck, I was on vacation and the drinks are free! You drink the sunrise and then find another bartender who spoke better english.The best part the the whole vacation was the all the people we met. We met people from our own home town that we never knew before and people from all over Ontario who I hope we can keep in touch with. Same time, same place next year guys! We miss you already.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MARIA9
<Content>Felt like Paradise !!!       The front pool  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Bahia staff make this place So Special! I have to admit - TripAdviser is the best site to get some serious and imformative info when planning your vacation!The Bahia is definitely one of the best experiences you will ever have, bar none. The writeup by many of the previous posts are right on target describing their most enjoyable experiences.Ignore the the loogans who complained about this place. They should stay home with their mommies and go to Burger King or KFC for their gourmet dining.Our only regret is not having booked at least for another week.Flying out of Toronto, via Skyservice could have been better as the seats were spaced great for people 5'6 or less. If you were taller, it felt like flying in a sardine can. Dont buy Skyservice Premier as you sit only closer to the front in the same sardine can seats(an A320 with 180 seats but really designed for 140 seats as used by Air Canada) Check their respective websites and see what I mean.You had better make SURE you follow the Skyservice guide lines on the luggage WEIGHT factor. If you are over the 20kg for check-in or 7kg for carry-on, the stipend is $7.00/kg cdn extra. This is strictly enforced as I paid $140.00 extra to bring down things for the poor people in the D.R. who dont have much and we brought a whole pile of chocolatay that everyone loves. The halloween packs go a long way in bringing a moment of joy to a lot of Dominicans. We had also little teddys, pencil crayons, costume jewelry and dinky toys.Rememeber how lucky you are, just to toss out a large chunk of dough per couple for a good time while they make less in a year than your trip cost! So bring them a little treat here and there. The $1 tips usually go the to servers but what about the rest? We made several hundred people happier just by walking by a gardner, pool cleaner, maintenance person, etc and holding out our hands and dropping a small Crispy Crunch or Caramilk bar into their hands and watching their eyes light up in utter amazement and most grateful that, out of the blue, some stranger, gave them something in appreciation for making my experience here so fantastic.Okay, after the sardine plane, we had a 20 Dominican Minite bus ride (40-45min). The check-in was handled easily during the busride into the resort. Do attend the orientation because some people take some time to learn the area.Upon our arrival, I was blown away by how absolutely clean everything was. The massive lobby area also served as a bar and entertainment area in the evening. Most of the restaurants were right off the lobby. We were on the Bavaro side of the resort and the Punta Cana side was a mirror image with the main theatre area was between the two lobbies east of the restaurants.The Punta Cana lobby evening entertainment was a really great flamenco guitarist whom my wife thought was absolutely fabulous.(he saw us there most nights and at the end of the week, he told me he was unsure of the English lyrics to Feliz Navidad, an old song Jose Feliciana had done. I told him what they were. He was most appreciative and a very, humble and talented guitar player. A great evening for lovers of all ages.The Bavaro lobby artist, a piano player, was also very entertaining, also playing some familiar Spanish love songs. One night, his sons joined him, one on trumpet and the younger son, about 14, on vocals doing a stunning rendition of The Beatles Let It Be. He was a little overwelmed by the crowd going crazy when he finished.Judging by the enthusiastic response of others watching both the guitar player and pianist, I'd have say they were easily satisfying the audiences they entertained.I guess the one disappointment, as expressed on a recent review was that the lobby bar shut down at 11pm which seemed just get rolling around that time. It should have stayed open to at least midnight. Hope the manangement is reading this.The entertainment main stage was good some nights and not so on others. The karoke night, as usual, can bring one or two terrific singers out of the shower singers. The Blues Bros review was decent. One other night, they had a contest between four newlyweds couples competing and I thought my pants were never gonna dry. It was hilarious. Most other nights were forgettable on the main stage.Never checked out the disco, the name says all. Good music, ya think? Not to a boomer.Any one who thought the entertainment was lousy, stop some of the people from the other resorts and they'll tell theirs was worse.By the way, this resort is the newest resort on Bavaro beach and they did hire some of the best staff from some of the other resorts.Those people who wanted an ocean view or to be by the main pool had the longest trek to the lobbies and restaurants and they got their 20 min workout by riding the trams. Not! They probably never walked on the beach either.Lunch time dining at the snack bar close to the pool was not good. Go to the patio deck left of the main pool on the beach to the Los Olas snack bar and have a pretty darn good buffet lunch with a much better selection than the one close the pool.The main buffets offered a huge selection of food at each of the meal times. Lots of fresh fruits, salads, veggies and cold cuts. Fresh made omelets and pancakes at breakfast right in front of you from three chefs. A person making 4 tropical juices fresh at her own work station. Try something you never seen before. Often, you pick a winner to your liking. If not, dont eat it, try something else. You did go to another country for an adventure, so dont just eat the sameold, sameold.The first evening, we went into to the main buffet for supper and I handled a small chocolatay bar to every staff member I saw. We gave out about 25-30 bars we got the BEST service in the place and carried on all week. We did tip the immediate staff who served us as well.In the al a carte restaurants, we found the French and Japanese excellent. The Italian and Steakhouse were quite good as well. The two times we went to the Japanese restaurant, we had the main chef with his showy presentation and two highly attentive servers giving ten people a heck of a dining experience yet only myself tipping each of the staff. When we booked the second Japanese meal, the person doing the booking said they dont usually allow two times at the same place. I told her that we were celebrating our 25th anniverary that last night and she put the booking through. After the main meal, you are seated as couples in a more relaxed, romatic setting for an after dinner drink and dessert and coffee. We were presented with a delectable heart-shaped cake. That capped off some fine dining for the week.Our room was in villa 26 on the main or 1st floor and we saw the odd bug around. No big deal. I have seen more at home in the summer. The people who were bitten probably were closer to the beach as I saw only one mosquito all week. If you want your room made up at a certain time, simply fill out the from on the night table. The first day I put a note in the mini-bar with 2 Caramilk bars and $2. The note said Mucho cervazas, por favor That afternoon, when we got back from the beach, I went for a coolie and two beer cans popped out on the floor cuz there 10 cervazas in the mini-bar up from the 3 that are normally stocked. Didnt have to go out trying to steal some brewkies from some supplyroom like some cheapie, cheapies as described by a staff member we befriended. If you didnt get the neat flower/towel arrangement, you may be a cheapie,cheapie.Now to the best part, why we were in the first place, THE BEACH!!! I cannot recall, ever, having been on a more incredibly beautiful beach anywhere we have travelled in the past 20 odd years. It is super clean except, maybe, where there is no resort yet built on the beach. If you looking for some nice high waves, walk to the right or south down past the beach market onto bay just past the LTI resort. Worth the walk anyways. You can buy a nifty 1L cooler at Wa****t for $4.93 at home and bring it down with you. The server at the pool bar will fill it for you. I gave a $1 tip for 3 beers to walk down the beach. Make my day or what. The beach market is about a 45 min walk and the guys there will back off if you say no. They love to barter. Treat them with respect and joke with them. You can get a good bargain and you are both happy. The guys working the carts in Pueblo Principe are jerks. I told one guy who wouldnt leave me alone that just because you want to sell something, doesnt mean I have to buy it. The quy was rude. At another cart, my wife bought a bracelet and afterwards, that guy got rude with her because she didnt anything else. I wont say where he would have got the bracelet back, gratis, if my wife pointed him out. Dont leave your other half alone with any of these turkeys. Buy down at the beach market instead.We were never want for service at any time.Many of these friendly, hard-working Bahia workers are limited in English. They can some parts of four languages besides Spanish. Do yourself a favour and go to debbiesdominicantravel and download the 4-5 pages of English to Spanish with pronunciation. You cannot believe the extra mileage you get when they see you trying to speak their language. Then repeat it in English and you both win.Try a few Banana Mamas and the odd Mamajuana. Enjoy!!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>badgerbill
<Content>loved gran bahia principe,punta carna just returned from having a wonderful vacation at the gran bahia principe in punta carna.we stayed for 7 days from the 20-27'th of november.we liked almost everything at this resort  would be delighted to return.everything from the rooms to the staff to the pools ,nightly entertainment,service, drinks,food, was first class..the only thing that i would change would be to book the resturant reservations immediatly i got to the resort to g-tee the times  days that suit best.one of the best hols we have had.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LasVegasInJuly
<Content>Great Vacation! We were a group of 7, aged between 28 and 31, that traveled to Bahia Principe Bavaro from May 28th to June 4th. We went on this trip looking to relax, unwind, and have a lot of fun, and all I can say is - mission accomplished This was my third time to Punta Cana (previously been to Grand Paradise and Bavaro Princess), and we have also been to Jamaica and Cuba. I want to thank Debbie and all her members for all their help. The reviews and message board really helped us to choose the resort we were looking for.Flight:We flew Air Transat out of Montreal on an Airbus 310. I was really impressed with the size of the plane and it seemed to be a lot newer than some of the other planes I have traveled on. The seating was 3-3-3, which is a nice change from the last time we went to Punta Cana on Skyservice (which was really cramped for space). The flight was pretty smooth on our way to Punta Cana. The only complaint I have was the breakfast they served. They served an egg muffin. I don鈥檛 eat eggs, but for those of my friends that did, they even said it was gross, but I guess you can鈥檛 please everyone.Check-In and Lobby:When we arrived we had decided that we were going to try our best to get upgraded to the Club Golden section, we even sent an e-mail to the resort 3 weeks prior requesting to be in that section with rooms on the top floor because we were concerned about mosquitoes. We also requested two rooms with king beds, and the third room with two double beds. When they gave us our room keys we discovered that they did not even come close to what we asked for. They were giving us two rooms on the ground floor with only one room with a king bed, and we were not in the Golden section. We tried to plead with the guy to upgrade us, we even tried slipping him $35, but he absolutely refused. He said it was impossible, that we would have to pay $20 per night to get upgraded. I told him that I knew it had been done before, but he still said no. I believe his name was Luis, so if you want to get upgraded, don鈥檛 check in with him. You must also be aware of what they are charging you for the safe. My friends paid $30 for their safe, and then when I was paying my fee, they tried to charge me $35. I asked them why they were charging me more than the last person, and then they quickly lowered my fee. I think it took us over half an hour to go through the whole check-in process. I think this is an area they need to improve on.The lobby is very nice, all marble floors and high ceilings. I can see what people mean when they said look out for the stairs. They can be hard to see, so make sure you watch where you are stepping. Resort Layout:The layout of this resort is very confusing. I don鈥檛 know who designed it, but they did not do a good job, especially when it comes to the lobbies. They have two identical lobbies, one for the Punta Cana side, and one for the Bavaro side. Why?????? In the lobby they have the buffet restaurant, Gourmet restaurant, and the Japanese restaurant. So, they have two sets of these restaurants because there is one on each side. This really screwed us up when we went to make our dinner reservations because we ended reserving at the restaurants on the wrong side of the resort and the girl who was making our reservations didn鈥檛 even point that out to us. Even the names are similar (i.e. Maiko and Mikado for the Japanese restaurants). Also, when you are in one lobby, there is no passageway that cuts through to get to the next lobby, you have to walk all the way around. We found that really inconvenient, and we just couldn鈥檛 understand the concept behind the design at all.Rooms:All of our rooms were in Villa 26 facing the inside of the resort. We ended up having two rooms on the second floor with king size beds (after much hassling at the front desk), and one on the ground floor with two double beds. The rooms are very nice at this resort. The main room has a lot of space with a sitting area that has a couch, chairs, and a table. That was a plus for us since most nights we would all congregate in one persons room to hang out and play cards. The bathrooms have all marble floors and walls - very pretty I don鈥檛 quite understand the concept behind the glass wall in the bathtub because it doesn鈥檛 really do the job of preventing the water from spraying out on the floor. Just be careful to place something on the floor to soak up the water, and be careful not to slip because the bathtub is very high to step out of. They have an in-room fridge that was stocked up regularly everyday with water, soft drinks, and beer. We did not have any problems with the safe, although our friends were not able to set the code on theirs because the previous people in that room did not leave the safe unlocked. When they called someone to come and help them, the guy treated them like they were complete idiots, not the most polite chap. I really like the types of safes they have because you set your own code on the keypad, so it is impossible to break into.The maid service came any time between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m.. Since we spent the most part of our days at the beach, this didn鈥檛 really affect us. There was only one day when the maid came very late in the day that it coincided with when we arrived back at our room, so we had to go and hang out in our friend鈥檚 room to wait until she was done. I was a bit annoyed because we needed to take our showers to get ready for dinner, but it wasn鈥檛 the end of the world. She was done in about half an hour.Beach and Pool:The beach was amazing The sand is powdery white and soft. The water was murky in some spots, but if you walk down towards the left (closer to the volleyball net) you can find some very clear water. It was the clearest water I have ever seen in Punta Cana, you could see right down to your feet, and it was warm, warm, warm. I loved every minute of swimming in the ocean. There are tons of palapas, I would find it hard for someone to say that they were not able to find one. You may not be able to get one that is closest to the water if you get there later than 11, but you will definitely find one if you need shade. They also provide small plastic tables to keep next to your chairs to put your drinks and belongings on.The pools are very nice. We only swam in the main pool next to the beach, so I can only comment on that one. The water was very warm, there was no shock whatsoever when you went in. The animation staff always seemed to be busy running some sort of activity at the pool to keep it fun. If you didn鈥檛 want to participate, you could just watch. The pool is very large, so it never really overcrowds. If you like to get chairs by the pool, I would suggest to reserve them because these ones can go fast.Restaurants:We all found the food to be absolutely amazing. This has been some of the best food I have had in Punta Cana. You can really tell that you are at a 5 star resort. We ate at the lobby buffet for breakfast, and my only complaint would be that bacon seems to be scarce, but other than that all the food was perfect. For dinner we ate at the Japanese, Grill, Gourmet, and the buffet. They were all wonderful. I鈥檇 have to say my favorite restaurant was the Japanese. I really like it when they cook the food right in front of you. We had a lot of fun at the buffet because we had the best waiter there - Wasker He kept the drinks coming all night long, even when you didn鈥檛 want them anymore - literally. He was so funny Service:Overall, the service was good, but there were a couple of people that we came across that were not very pleasant. The front desk was not very helpful like I previously said at the beginning of my review, but the 鈥渢owel nazi鈥?at the main pool was also a pain. On our first day he didn鈥檛 have any towels to give us and told us to come back in two hours when they would be closed(he was being a smart ---). Basically, he was telling us that they would not have anymore towels for the rest of the day, but two minutes later a truck pulled up with tons of towels.Entertainment:The entertainment during the day at the pool and beach was pretty good. The animation staff works really hard in the strong sun. At night, the entertainment was practically non-existent. We went to see one show, and we left after 10 minutes because we found it very boring. We walked over to the town square one night and it was dead. I鈥檓 not sure what the disco is like because we never went, but I can鈥檛 imagine that it was very happening because the whole resort seemed to turn into a ghost town at night.Summary:Overall, we all really enjoyed this resort. It suited our needs just fine. If you are looking to party all night long, then I would not recommend this resort. It is suited more for families or people just looking to take it easy. If that is what you鈥檙e looking for, then do not hesitate to book this resort because it is well worth it. There were a few negative things that I had to say about the Bahia Principe, but nothing major enough for me not to recommend it. Don鈥檛 sweat the small stuff and you鈥檒l have a blast  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Honeymoon       Honeymoon in Paradise  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>crystalball
<Content>Excellent Resort I just got back from Punta Cana. We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe from November 17-24, 2005. The resort was beautiful, clean and well-kept. The rooms are huge. The food is very good overall with a wide selection to choose from and impressive quality. The french, japanese and mexican a la carte restaurants were particularly good. The staff are friendly and attentive. There is a bit of a language barrier, but not a big deal. The entertainment is what you would expect: cheesy, tacky resort-type shows but enjoyable if you have a sense of humour about it. All in all, if you're looking for a relaxing vacation, in a beautiful setting, with good food and friendly people, this is the place for you!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hoffe
<Content>Had a great time! Hello. I just returned from the Bahia Principe this week. We had a great time and enjoyed the resort alot. We stayed in the Premier section (adults only), which we really enjoyed. The pool area was usually quiet, easy to get a chair, and lots of room to swim. The grounds were beautiful and well kept. Our room was large, and well maintained. The week that we stayed there the water was a tad rough due to a tropical depression to the south of it, but swimming was just as fun. The beach is beautiful... clean and you can walk for miles! We ate at the Japanese, Mexican, Steak house (The Garden Grill) and buffets and enjoyed all of them. The Japanese was a bit rushed, (4 courses in 45 min) but the food was good. I really enjoyed the Garden Grill. The service was very good at all the restaurants. Entertainment at night was a tad cheesy.... but sometimes that made it even more entertaining. Everything was translated into English/spanish/french which was helpfull. We only went on one Excursion. The Bavarro Runners. I really enjoyed the day. Gives you an opportunity to see the countryside, and some interesting villages. Also horseback riding, and a traditional dominican meal. Overall, we had a great time... and would return there any day. Its tough coming back to -10 weather and snow!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation Ever       View from our balcony  
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Islandgirl1970
<Content>Excellent Hotel and Vacation Wow there is so much I can say about this place that it would take a few pages of text to write this. First I want to say that this was my husband and I first all inclusive holiday . I would have to say that it was the best experience that we ever had. We booked this trip about 1 month before the actual date of departure( which was November 13, 05 - Nov 20, 05) We used an agent in Montreal, Pq which I highly suggest. They can find you the best deals and try very hard to help you. We had a pretty good deal $1,259.00 Cdn each for 1 week all included. We flew with Skyservice through Sunquest and personally we can't really compare airline services because it was our first flying experience. We found the seats a tight fit . The only thing we can say we found negative was that our set of seats Audio system wasn't working on the way down so we missed the movie and music. Other than that the flight went smoothly. We arrived 15 min early to a beautiful day. The airport was nice and very cheerful. You get a picture with the local girls, (cute). Don't need to use the helpers to move your luggage unless you want help and want to tip them a dollar U.S. . We had an airconditioned bus to our hotel which was nice. It took about 30 min to get there. The drivers are a little fast and can scare you at times, but honestly it wasn't so bad to ruin our time there. When we got there it was absolutely the nicest place I have ever seen . The service was beyond good. We got off the bus and right away you were served a local drink and a warm Hola. The lobbies were huge and beautiful. Marblized floors so shiny that you could eat off them. We had our own private lobby because we were booked in the Premire section. There are about 4 different sections depending on where you wanted to be located on the huge complex. We were futherest from the beach , but in a quite adults only, section. We had a smaller lobby, but not smaller in service. Horatio our lobby guy, was a great help and spoke great english and spanish. Most of the people in customer service spoke half way decent english and really tried to help you. It helps to have a positive attitude and try and speak a little of their language also. I learned a few spanish words which was nice. We had bellboys bring our bags to our room which was a beautiful , clean room. A huge king bed with a nice spanish decore. The bathrooms do all have jacuzzi tubs in them. The walls are all tiled marble and the floor too. The main room had regular tiled floor. Our fridge was stocked every day with soda(pepsi products only) beer , and water. We had alot of storage room a closet that had a huge golf umbrella if needed for the occassional rain showers. The safe was easy to use and convient. It cost $28 US for the 7 days. We split the safe cost with three other people we traveled with. I suggest this for you all don't need to rent one because one does fine for holding passports and money for everyone. The rooms were impressive and so were the grounds. Beautiful flowers and plants which were hand maintenced the whole time we were there. We found the Dominican people hard workers and very proud of their work. We always said Hola to everyone we passed by, the maids, lawn workers, security guards, waitresses,waiters, and even the trolley drivers. Yes they have trolleys there because the complex is 125 acres of beauty . It takes about 15 minutes to walk it from start to beach. They had 5 or 6 of them running from 6 am to 3 am every day. I do suggest walking one day just to see the sights of the grounds. We did that to video tape the place and it took us about 1 hour to tape what we wanted. Each section of the hotel has its own pool with swim up bar. All the bars serve vantastic drinks, including such premium alcohols as Smirnoff Vodka, and Beefeater Gin, etc. For a small fee you can get other premiums but we never did, the stuff included was good and plentiful. The resturants were all good. They have 3 Main buffets, 2 which are for all guest the third is for the Golden Club members only. The buffets were always good with fresh foods that you would never go hungry. In fact we ate too much! We loved everything. Usally we ate our buffet in the Premium section for breakfast. We had fresh omletts with potatoes, bacon , toast, and juice. The service was excellent with a waiter always asking if you would like more coffee or tea, etc. Depending on the cook, you just had to tell them if you want your eggs cooked longer on the grill. One cook was a little shy of cooking time so you just had to motion or say more please. The only other thing we can say so so about was the toaster. It took forever to toast a piece of homemade bread. About 6 times through the machine! If you are an impatient person it could be annoying but hey you're on vacation! Relax and go with the flow. At lunch every day we ate at the beach bar grill . After finding a lounge chair and putting our towels on them to reserve them, we would walk up to get our drinks and food for lunch. Again excellent food. They had pasta, chicken, pork, french fries, sausages, salads, fresh fruit, and grilled hotdogs and hamburgers with huge fresh buns! Again the service immaculate. Always someone giving you Cervaza and Pina Colas or whatever you wanted. Or if you felt like going up to the self serve drinks they had soft drinks of every kind, mostly again Pepsi products and local stuff. Plenty of fresh water too. The beaches were amazing. Beautiful sand and aquamarine blue water. The first couple of days the ocean was a bit rough and it was a bit windy, but the water was warm and the sun was hot. Always put on plently of sunscreen for you do burn easily without it. I recommend 45 for at least a few days untill you get a base. I used it for the whole trip and did fine on getting a nice tan. As for the entertainment we caught a few shows at night which were nice and amusing to see. Honestly most of the time after dinner we mostly went to bed because it was such a long day in the sun and fresh air. The main Theater was big and did nice shows. One night they had a Karoke contest . Many people from every country sang and showed their talent. I was impressed they had a song book big enough to accomodate for all the languages spoken . Russian, German, French, Spanish, Portugal, English. You name it they had songs for every nation! The shopping center was nice too, convient and had pretty good deals. Just stick to the main shopping stores. There are venders in the middle that try to get you to buy their stuff at double the price. WE did buy from one and he was ok to deal with , we just haggled the price in half. That is what you have to do. He liked that I gave him a beer one day and was so eager to give me a deal after that. So he got my friend a box of Monte Cristo # 5 (25) in a box for $80.00 US Half price of the stores. He even ran after to get them! Last but not least I want to rave about the amazing Al a cart resturants. We went to 4. You usally are only allowed 3 but a nice girl gave us the 4th due to the fact it was our anniversary. WE went to Mediterraian, Garden Grill, Japanese, and Cafe De Paris. All excellent with great service. Steak at garden grill the best I had in a while, Japanese super good sushi, and grilled food. Cafe de Paris offered great Filet Mignon with lobster if wanted. They had a french cheese platter for dessert that I recommend. Mediterraian, we had fresh tuna steaks and shrimp wrapped in bacon. They had amazing desserts too. All in all this was the best trip I could ever had imagined and would recommend that you go if you want class and a reasonable Resort. Miss the Gran Bahia Principe already and I hope you take this review and use it to make your next vacation the one you will never forget!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fla_can
<Content>5 star resort with 2 star food We just retuned form Bahia Principe and had a great time. A beautiful looking resort with many things to keep you busy throughout the day and night. I have rencently turned 30 and have travelled all throught the Caribbean and have stayed at mostly 5 star resorts. This could be classified a five star resort if the food was upgraded. The rooms are nice, the grounds are beautiful, the pools are great and the staff was very helpful and nice but the food has to be changed to get an honest 5 star rating . The two words of the week were OIL and UNDERCOOKED. Everything that is served is undercooked, bacon, sausage, burgers, be careful and if it was cooked it was floating in oil. Oil in you eggs, oil in your pasta and even oil in your bacon containers. Believe it or not the bread, as it may sound funny was nice and fresh daily and a nice addition to our meals. The last thing that I want to do is scare people from this resort, I am not a picky eater but like most who travel have conserns on what I eat. As posted earlier book your specialty restaurants the first day you arrive or you will miss out. The other problem I have is a pay safe. I have stayed in a dozen all inclusive resorts and this is the first resort that I had to pay for the use of a safe, $28us a week. Most resorts charge you for a lost safe key but never for the use of their safe.The pools were great, nice and big with plenty of room to yourself to float at your own leisure. The chairs were usually no problem to get a couple as long as your not too late of a sleeper. Usually we would get up and get them around 8am and had no problems at all, by 10:00am the were getting full but there were still some to be had.The beach was nice with plenty of chairs and plenty of trees to get some nice shade and even a nice nap. The water was beautiful and the beach was nice and clean.Everyone who writes here will have a different experience even if there were there on the same week. I had a great time with just food being my only real concern from rating this resort real good. Take what we write with a grain of salt and go enjoy yourself. We all need a holiday and we make that holiday special with the people we go with and the people we meet.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Burger King had Better food!!!!!! My fiance  I stayed at the Bahia in february of 05 for 7nghts,the price was right the place looked beautiful  so did the beach since, I am a beach lover  want aqua blue water  white sand,well I will start off w/ the arrival  the depature.We arrived to the airport that looks like a grass hut  were told by past visitors to get some beers from the outside bar of the airport for the bus ride to our resort, everyone was like where did you get those beers,but by then the bus was leaving, so I recommend to get some!!!We arrived at the resort which was beautiful  huge we were welcomed w/a cool drink  got checked in right away.Rooms-The room was really nice  big  over looked one of their pools it had a little fridge w/stocked beer  pop,w/ marble floors  oh the shower is a little wierd just put a towel on the floor their is no shower curtain just a 1/2 wall of glass.Food-The food was bad,at the lunch buffet their was hotdogs,burgers, fries,but it's not like american meat it tastes strange no matter what restuarant you eat at,the food there just doesn't taste right.That would be great if you went on vacation to try out for survivor!!! great place to diet, no lie the food is that bad everything else you can deal w/.We felt like we were starving my fiance eats everything we just could not eat any of their food,you will read later on what we survived on, their were flies all over the food since it was an open air buffet, also if you like looking at women w/ their tops off eating their lunch, which is disgusting.It's one thing to be topless on the beach, but for lunch?We ate one night for dinner at the french restuarant I had the beef tenderloin,that was good but my fiance had the so called lobster which looked like crawfish!!!The breakfast was ok eggs,bacon,pastries, fruit.All in all we lived off pringles  candy in their lobby shop which was quite expensive like 5-10 dollars for a can!!!Beach-The beach was beautiful the drinks were good just bring your own mug,they use those plastic cups which are to small.The beach is not good for snorkeling to rough.Entertainment-Was not that good,their was also like a flee market in their town square 1night where all they do is bug you  won't let you shop in peace just act like your def, when you want to but make sure you barder on the prices.Oh by the way we are 26 yrs old the disco club -----!!!But we don't party much anyways like we used to.All in all the resort was to big you never knew what side you were on when you first got there because they have 2 of each restuarants,then they wouldn't let you in  tell you to got to the other side which they were hard to understand cause of their accent,cause of the color of your ristband.We met some really nice people who brought us Burger King  that was the best meal we had their, but it will cost you $20.00 a combo meal  a taxi fee.Also do the catamaran island excursion food was the best there besides Burger King.So would we go back hell no,I would recommend splurging  staying at the Secrets Excellence which serves surf  turf,so if we go back to the DR we will be staying there.I just want to say thank you for reading our review.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>if you like cocroaches this is your hotel when i first got to the hotel i thought it looked nice and clean.Ya ok, more like the complete opposite. i get into my room, my bed isent done, my room smells like crap, and my t.v dosent even work. take my advice spend your money where its worth it, because when you try to take a shower with cocroaches in the shower its pretty hard.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good looking resort but lacks some things Let me keep this short and to the point.Good:- Rooms are large and very clean.- You will be impressed by rooms, common bathrooms, facilities... never did I even get afraid of getting sick. This is a problem elsewhere.- Problems do happen but if you give them a list they take care of it within a 10-15 minutes. (Do things in writing as their english is not the best)- Grounds are clean (occational smell due to swamp or plumbing problem) and the breeze certainly helps.- People are friendly even if you dont tip. There are a few unfriendly people but you can avoid them. Maybe bad day for them. Do everyone a favour and do not spoil them with large tips and show off behaviour.- Japaneese, French were great. Italian food was good but we went there too late and felt rushed.- Food is better than most but do not expect western standards. Some will like their tastes some will not, be pickey and sample to see what you like.(you will always find something to eat)- Beach is clean compared to other resorts on the same Ocean shore. - Enough chairs and shade, you might have to look around if you get there during peak times. If you feel like complaining just take a walk to the other resorts to see what they have to put up with.- Bars, club and outdoor entertainment place will provide ample places to party for most couples. If you are going there to club or singles scene then DO NOT GO HERE.Bad.- Rough Ocean ( you cannot get far into the water) also gets deep fast. No way to snorkle or take the water toys.... - Lobby bar closes way too early. They have too many venues for nighly entertainment and they try to move people from one to the other and loose the interest of the people.- Smell (One day the smell in the room got really bad) most other times it is more an inconvinience, not something you expect in a 5 star resort.- Cost of things. Do not expect discounts... if you have money to blow you can buy things but generally we did not feel like shopping due to high prices. Even if you bargain at the market. Normally they jack up the price 5 times. Ask for 5 times less and walk away you will get it at the price. This is a skill and needs to be practiced.- Shows  Entertainment (not many good shows) (MC ----, cannot understand him at times) they are trying to improve and are including new shows weekly. We got bored and started to skip them. Normally we watch every show in Cuba.- Size of resort: Too big, too many people, resort is long. You can walk easily but if you like a smaller more intimate feel you will not like this place. Dont worry about the walking.. We walked all the time.. took 10 min at the most from lobby to beach.- AND the one that bothered me the most: Tier or club system. Everything was designed to make money. Both Bahi principe Bavero and Punta Cana resorts are similar with very few cosmetic diffences. Resorts closer to the beach are Gold. Diamond was basically a few minor things and a exclusive pool.... Bottom line... NOT WORTH THE MONEY... You will not miss the upgrades..Summary: I would not go back but certainly worth going there once. If you plan to go, set your expectations properly and enjoy.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Time After reading many reviews on this site I had my doubts about going to Bahia Principe BUT, in the end I had the best vacation ever. For those of you who are writing negative reviews I just don't get it.Airport - was off the plane, through customs, and onto a bus going to Bahia Principe in about 20 minutes.Bus Ride - about 35-40 minutes. Very ruff ride.Check In - Very fast, again my girl friend and I were checked in and in my room with my luggage in about 10 minutes or so.Food - i'm not sure what most people are expecting, but the food was very good, chicken, fish, pork, beef etc at all of the buffets. I went to the Japanese, Mexican and Italian a la carte and they was all amazing aswell.Service - again i'm not sure if some people were on crack when they wrote there reviews but this resort is worthy of a 5 star rating hands down. Almost before i could finish my drink another was being poored for me, the working staff are all very polite and very friendly, yes they do speak very little english so that may be an issue for some.Room - was always very clean, the maids were very good, before we left we went to a doller store and bought a bunch of pens, pencils, baby stuff etc and we tipped with an american doller each day and some of the doller store stuff, I also brought down some baseball hats, baseballs and gave them away too.Beach - although very windy for our first couple of days it was beautiful.Pools - there are numerous pools on the property all very nice and very clean.Overall - an amazing resort, an amazing vacation.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nickdbest
<Content>Very nice and clean, but still room for improvements We just came back from the Bahia Principe Bavaro (Punta Cana), Nov 12th to 19th. My girlfriend and I are in our mid-20s. Recently, we've been to the Bahia Principe Tulum in Mexico and Royal Decameron in Puerto Vallerta, Mexico. We were in block 37, floor level. Weather was good, some clouds, wind and occasional rain almost every day but it rarely lasts more than 15-20 minutes.Overall, this is a solid AI resort, typical of the Bahia Principe chain. It's definitely above-average, although there is still room for some major improvements. Here are some stronger and weaker points:**Strengths**- Rooms: We had the Junior Suite, and the rooms were new and looked great, with marble floors and bath tub. Bed is perfect, no complaints there. Saw a few caterpillars here and there, nothing bad. There was a noticeable musty smell the first few days. A/C is not too powerful, but it was enough to keep the room at a decent temperature. Mini-Bar is a nice touch but it wasn't working and I didn't really care for a warm beer or soda. We stayed on the floor level, which was a bit of a let-down, but some people have to use these rooms, right? My Rating: A- (slightly better than the Bahia Principe Tulum)- Food (buffet and snacks): Food at the buffet is typical of the Bahia chain; there is a good selection and you will not go hungry. The cooks are regularly changing the trays, so everything is relatively fresh. You are usually assigned to a table by one of the hostesses, which is a nice touch since BP Tulum's buffet was more of a free-for-all with people roaming and searching for tables on their own. This is not the case here.I usually like breakfast but it's not the best meal here at BP Punta Cana though, since its quite repetitive: omelettes, pancakes, pastries, sausages and so on. Fruit selection and taste was lackluster (melons, papayas, pineapples) compared to the Bahia Principe Tulum in Mexico which was more impressive in that department. Don't expect the same quality orange juice that you could drink in BP Tulum for instance.Most people seem to have lunch at the snack bars since they are easy to access from the beach or the pool. The snacks include pizza, fries, fruits, burgers, hot-dogs and so on...Diner at the buffet is reliable and again you have a very good selection of food. The menu is 75% the same but the other 25% is changing... there is some kind of theme going on selected nights, but it's hard to tell and most people didn't really notice. Don't expect smoked salmon except on evaluation day (more on that later)Overall, if food is very important for you, you might want to consider going to Mexico instead of Dominican Republic. But BP Punta Cana is doing a good job of feeding their guests.My rating: B+- Food (脌 La Cartes)We've been to the Japanese (because it was often recommended by reviewers), Seafood/Grill and French Gourmet restaurants. Japanese is great, a nice experience with the chef cooking in front of you and your friends. French Gourmet is another one on the Must-Do list; the menu is diverse and the presentation is great. Portions are a tad small but if you're still hungry afterwards, you can always go to the bufffet next door. Seafood/grill (Pescador) was closed for repairs so we were transfered to the Snack Bar instead (Piscis), which was converted into a sort-of-a-la-carte for the occasion. In reality, it was a glorified buffet, but the food was different and quite good.My Rating: A-- Service: This is always controversial. Some people are upset by the language barrier. It's true that most of the staff (80-90%) have a hard time in english. But this is not different than other A.I. resorts in D-R or in other latin countries nearby. If you absolutely want to be served in good english, go to Jamaica and pay twice the price.Otherwise, service is great and the staff is giving their best effort to accomodate everyone, even when there is no tips involved. The discipline and work ethic is amazing considering this is almost a third world country and employees don't get big paychecks...Personally, I like to get my own things myself and service is really not a big issue, but I have to say that Bahia did a great job here.My rating: A (if language is big issue and you're going to whine about it, this can dwindle to a C- for you... then again, if that's the case, you're in the wrong place)- Beach: The beach is breathtaking. If you like light, soft sand, with stretches of beach that go for miles and miles, you shouldn't be disappointed. Water is turquoise, although not 100% clear because there is some current. Still very beautiful. There are some disjointed waves, but they are smaller and rarely more than a few feet high. Enough to keep 6-14 year old kids happy and amused. Not enough to boogie board though (more on that later). I saw one or two fish but there is no coral or rocks for them to hide so don't expect to see a lot of them. Saw a small turtle once.My Rating: A-- Grounds: The grounds are immaculate and extremely well-maintained, another Bahia Principe trademark. The vegetation is nice although not quite mature yet, which had to be expected in a two-year old resort. Compare with the RIU next door, which is 15 years old, and you'll see the difference: the vegetation is much more mature and impressive there. Bahia Principe Punta Cana will be truly a sight to see in a few years. I don't know exactly how they do it, but there are few bugs.... barely got bitten. Then again, there is not a lot of wildlife at Bahia Principe Punta Cana (saw a few birds, but not a lot and not everyday...)My Rating: A- (should grow into an A+ as the vegetation matures).Pools: They're OK, well maintained. Temperature is good. Nothing special to mention here.My Rating: B**Weaknesses**- Entertainment: Surprisingly, this is one of the weakest point at Bahia Principe Punta Cana. The animation team is everywhere, there must be several dozens of them.... but they're mostly drinking or eating. Sure, there are some activities scheduled during the day (mostly dancing, aerobics and few crazy games here and there), but not a lot considering this is a 1500+ rooms mega-resort. Perhaps this is not entirely Bahia's fault: the guests here are more inclined to laying around on the beach or around the pool, or hanging out at the bar. Still, the anima莽ion team here is soulless and the staff does a half-hearted job. Go to the RIUs next door (especially RIU Bambu!) and see the difference: entertainment staff are excellent, they are known by their nicknames and seem to be everywhere at once despite being fewer than at the Bahia.At night, there are shows at the theater and, although it's no broadway, these shows are mostly enternaining and fun.My Rating: C. Bahia has to improve this area especially if it's going to try to cater to the 15 to 35 year old crowd. The Animation Team is being paid for talking on their cell phones, drinking at the bar and eating snacks most of the time.Sports (incl. Water Sports): This goes hand in hand with the Entertainment above. Sports/activities is not really priority here. There is a beach volleyball court, and it's seldom used. There are beach soccer nets, and they're never used. Haven't seen any water-polo games (go to the RIU for that). As for the water sports, the resorts advertises boogie boards, but they have like 2 or 3 boards available. By the way, the water sports booth is maintained by what seems to be an independent entity (called ScubaCaribe), they are taking care of the water sports for Bahia but they don't seem to be Bahia employees... they also operate the booths for other resorts such as the RIU. Unfortunately, the boogie boards and other water activities (windsurfing for instance) is NOT their priority: these are free activities, and scubacaribe is more interested in selling you other non-inclusive activities, especially scuba diving. Whenever you go for inclusive activities, you feel like you bother them and they don't really want to help you out. This is a big disappointement and Bahia Principe should have their own equipment and operate this booth themselves to ensure a better service than that.My rating: FSafe: The room safe is not included and costs 30 USD. This is obviously a money-making gimmick since the safe requires no key and Bahia Principe is claiming no responsability if items are being stolen outside the safe. If Bahia Principe claims to be a real 5*, they need to include the safe in their package.My rating: D- (the safe is large and works well with a code, but should be free)Drinks: The drinks are mostly made from slush machines. The direct consequence is that drinks are extremely sweetened, but taste nothing like the drinks that are hand made from the blenders. The drinks are slightly better at the lobby bar. Also, you'd think that if they use the slush machines 95% of the time, they might as well make them accessible to the guests just like at the Bahia Principe Tulum/Akumal. But this is not the case here, unfortunately.My Rating: C+, I had better drinks in 4* resorts.Resort's configuration: this resort is built mostly away from the beach and unless you're in the lower number blocks (1-29), expect to walk a lot or use the trolleys to get to the beach. I don't mind walking, but Bahia Principe should have used a wider section of the beach instead of building away from the beach (I guess they saved a lot on the price of the terrain that way.. but oh well). The Bavaro and Punta Cana sides are virtually identical mirror images and their respective restaurants use the same kitchens so the food is the same. This is a bit disappointing since the Bahia Principe Tulum and Akumal in Riviera Maya were different and thus more interesting to explore and discover.Excursions: Not a whole lot to do in Punta Cana to be honest. We didn't do any excursions since we were only there for a week, but heard good things about Bavaro Runners (80 USD) and Marinarium (about 80 USD also). We also considered going to Saona Island, but this is probably more pertinent for people visiting La Romana/Bayahibe since it's much closer. Punta Cana is not the best place to go if you're very much into excursions.OVERALL: This is a solid A.I. mega-resort, very clean and well maintained. Good for families and people that like relaxing on the beautiful beach. This resort still lacks soul and feels a bit too streamlined and unpersonal however. If you like Punta Cana but want good animation or if you like dense vegetation, go to the RIU instead (RIU Bambu, Naiboa, Palace, Melau or Taino). If you love excursions/culture, go to Mexico or Panama instead. Otherwise, you should be fine here.**Hints**- Unless you don't want to climb stairs, do yourself a favor and ask for a 1st or 2nd floor room. More secure, better view and fewer caterpillars.- Don't book a 脌 La Carte restaurant on evaluation day! (it was tuesday for us) Go to the buffet instead, the food is amazing. Smoked salmon, grilled shrimps... things that you couldn't get the other days. Evaluation Day makes a HUGE difference.- Let the A/C working during the day if you want to get rid of that musty smell. Don't worry, the A/C at full strength 24 hours a day is barely enough to keep the room at a mild temperature.- Ask for a second key card. They won't give you one upon arrival but they will accomodate if you ask.- At the buffet, Pasta station is nice and you always end up with a tasty plate.- Visit the RIUs down the beach, it's only a few minutes walk away and quite different from the Bahia Principe. Also, if you walk further south the beach, past the Iberostar, you'll get to the beach market. Good place to barter if you're into that.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel but lacked atmosphere... We came back yesterday from the Bahia Principe Bavaro in Punta Cana (we stayed November 12th to 19th). My boyfriend is 27 and I'm 24 (we have no kids). It was our second experience with the Bahia Principe chain (last time was in Mexico, at the Bahia Principe Tulum).It is a very decent hotel with a wonderful beach. In my opinion, there really isn't anything wrong with the place. I won't talk about the food or the rooms or the pools or anything, because you have hundreds of reviews about that already (just read very nice and clean but still room for improvement which is very interesting and happens to be my boyfriend's).Our friends were staying at the Riu next door so we spent lots of time there. We visited most of the hotels along the beach also (the Breezes, the Gran Paradise, the Iberostar, the Sol Pelicano, The LTI, etc). We enjoyed comparing these resorts. I think the Bahia was one of the best overall.Of course, some things could be improved. What struck me about this place was how much effort was put into trying to impress you and to make everything seem perfect, and then leaving you asking for more... The whole thing is very organized. They try to control everything, from the time the lights go on in the lobby (at 6pm, although on cloudy days it was dark at 5:30), to where you spend your time during the evening (they close the lobby at 11pm and try to make people go to Pueblo Principe, the hotel shopping center, the casino and the disco - which have NO atmosphere...). Personnally, I would have prefered to stay in the lobby and listen to live music or something like that, but they turned the lights off and started to clean up, making you feel unwelcomed there at that time. There isn't much life in this hotel. The animation staff seems to be having more fun amongst themselves than with the guests. We went to the Riu a few times, and it took us only a few minutes to feel the warmth and atmosphere of the place... (they have a great fiesta on Thursday nights).A few usefull tips about this hotel : you can get into the a-la-cartes every night (and even with people from another hotel!) if you're willing to bribe the guy at the entrance. Just make sure no one's looking and give him 5$... You'll see, they'll suddenly have a table for 6 available!! Another tip : use a plastic card (library card or whatever) to keep the AC working in your room during the day. Just slip it into the electronic device on the wall, and it'll cut the humidity in your room. If you want to boogie-board : bring your own!! (read more about this subject in my boyfriend's review).If you like to enjoy a good glass of wine during dinner : bring your own!! Their wine is so awful, they'll allow you to bring a bottle from home to their restaurants. Just don't be too obvious about it.Finally, my last tip is to try the Coco-locos. They're delicious!! That coconut and cinnamon flavor, hmmm, yummy...!! I'll miss those!!Have a great trip!!!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lacrazia
<Content>Mixed Review Just returned from a 1 week stay at the Bahia Principe Hotel. Here are the pros and the cons of staying at this resort.Pros: 1)Immaculate resort very beautiful 2)Nice rooms and very well maintained 3)Lots of amenities 4)great food and lots of food choicesCons: 1)Too big a resort it will take a week to find everything. 2)Most of the hotel staff do not speak english including the ones who are at the front desk and are suppose to help you. 3)Rude and abrasive staff at the front desk. 4)Seemed to cater more towards the european guest than to the american guests. 5) Too many slick and slippery surfaces. The highly polished marble in the lobbies looks great but we had gotten alot of rain and it became an accident hazzard. Also the marble in the rooms was very slippery and one guest fell and crashed throught the sliding glass door.All in all it was a satisfactory vacation but the lasting memories are of the mishaps and comedy or errors that happened.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paul_tracyposer
<Content>Not Mexico, but still awesome..just returned Nov 18th. First off....my wife and i travel a fair amount, 2 or 3 times a year to resorts like this....we are mid 30's no kids and like to mix it up...relax/party/tan/relax/party...thats it. Some night life, eating/drinking and just reading,tanning during most days.Read all of the last 20-30 reviews, get a summary in your mind, and you will find this place more than adequate... but realize that this is not really an awesome 5 star, but a very good deal, very nice resort and easily a 4 star plus. The grounds are immaculate, rooms above average and food is very good. After a week of buffets almost everyone wants to go home to more familiar flavors. The Japanese (we even went twice), Garden Grill(steakhouse) and Cafe de Paris are very good meals. The daily buffets have many options but go to anyplace 10-15 times in a week and it gets old.Biggest issue...service can be adequate at best. Rooms get cleaned well, maybe a bit late some days, but done. Room service,mini-bar and housekeeping came within 20 minutes of calling to bring towels,fix a broken door-lock mechanism, stock fridge with free beers and Pepsi... bring robes, fresh pillows and toilet paper.Chat up the bartenders,tip the attentive ones and smile...all will be done, just not as good as the Cancun hotels i am used to. After 6 trips to Mexico in the last 4 years i became used to their level of service. I've been to St.Marteen and now Dominican Republic in the last few years as well and the service is not as good, c'est la vie, you gotta go to other places just for a change sometimes.Overall....if you can get a good price compared to other mega-resorts, take a chance on the Bahia...the rooms, food and beach more than outweigh the service, unless your really spoiled or expect to be waited on immediately for such a bargain price. If you have high expectations or don't shop around you may be disappointed.I would recommend this resort to anyone with the knowledge that it is not SuperClubs or Breezes or some other high-priced chain...and if you get a good deal ($$$ wise) compared to those big names, then you really are getting the better resort...same beach and same weather...and money left in your pocket to save for the next adventure...or maybe book two weeks and really get away....have fun, we did. Have a nice holiday.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected!!         
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth the price Where to begin....ugh !! I'll put my comments into points so I don't ramble on and write a novel:1)Service - ----- big time. Slow, too few staff, major language barriers. Staff harldy spoke English ! We couldn't 2)Gold Premium members - we paid for this exclusive upgrade, and the only difference I saw was my empty pockets. No pretty towels on the bed, no bath robes, we had to steal the beer to refill our own fridge !!! Finally the housekeep noticed  started to put water  beer on a regular basis. 3)Honeymooners - don't expect anything extra, nada. We had to beg the hotel to at leaast decorate the room with some pretty towel arrangements. On day 4 they did. Also promised us a bottle of wine, never showed. We did eventually get our room decorated with a couple of flowers, but really I had this for free last year EVERY DAY in Cuba....no extra charge.4)Staff - again, poor service. One bartender called me a drunk when I ordered some rum, only she said it in Spanish thinking I didn't understand. Oh but I did, and repeated it back to her ya sure, I'm a friken drunk in Spanish. I think she got the point.If you like waiting in line for your drinks, go to this hotel.5)Water sports, which are included I may add, are limited and always booked. UNLESS you bribed them with the almighty dinero....then miraculously we were able to get an opening.6)Food - no complaints about the taste, really. The a la carts are fabulous. Only problem was that if you didn't reserve them on your first night there, then you were not able to book them as they were full. UNLESS you bribed them with $$, then they were happy to seat you at a table. My husband  I noticed the restaurants were always half empty. Funny, eh ?7)Grounds - beautiful. Really nice. There was even an ecological area within the resort which emitted a lovely sewage scent. But that's just nature so I didn't mind so much. Also very clean, I never saw a cigarett buttlieing around on the ground. Resort is HUGE, you are shuttled around everywhere unless you want to walk. Personally, I prefer smaller resorts. Much more intimate.8)Spa - we had in our package a free half hour massage. YA RIGHT !! When we went there they told us no no no ...you must pay My hubby  I pretty much stormed out of there, went straight to the tour operator and told them this is not cool to be treated like this on our vacation. She apologized  said she would have it straightened out. By this point, I was too irritated  told her that this was poorly handled  that the left hand is not talking to the right. I didn't want to fight for everything so I let it go  lost the massage which was owed to us.Overall, the resort is not deserving of a 5 star rating. Esthetically, yes, service wise, NO. I'm not kidding, I've been to much lower standard hotels and received better service which matters when you're stranded there for a week. The nicest people there were the grounds keepers. Be sure to take the pepsi  7-up from your bar fridge  give it to them.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort, don't go for the food The resort is beautiful! Rooms very clean and a good size. Service is top notch. The train that transports people from one end of the resort to the other is great.The evening shows are entertaining, especially the outdoor show that starts at 10pm in the village. (shopping area)The food was disappointing especially at the a la carts. Small portions with very little taste, wine is like water, we tried all the restaurants.Kid friendly. Kids area by every pool.I wouldn't however recommend leaving kids in the kids club. 1 women supervisor who we saw at the pool with about 8 kids of all ages on her own. She could not understand english that well.The evening kids activety at the theatre consisted of a movie on a large screen in Spanish and then a women dressed as a clown singing mostly Spanish songs and dancing with the kids.Staff did not speak much english at all! With the exception of the lobby staff.There is a great shopping area, something for everyone.Overall a great resort!Mississauga,Ontario  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just kept getting better!       Within the resort  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Welcome to Paradise We just returned from Gran Bahia Principe on Nov. 12th. What can I say about it? It was truly a week in Paradise. I travelled with my husband, sister-in-law and a friend and we are in our mid 30's to early 40's. We were extremely impressed with the check in process on the bus. Once we arrived at the resort we were already wearing wristbands and free to eat, drink and go to any part of the resort. We weren't able to check in to our rooms until 3pm, but had no trouble occupying ourselves eating lunch, sampling cocktails in the lobby and checking out the grounds. My sister-in-law also took this opportunity to book our a-la-cartes for the week.The a-la-cartes were fantastic. We ate at the Japanese, the Garden Grill and the Mexican. As many reviewers have mentioned, the Japanese is worth it for the experience. We even made a pact amongst ourselves to only eat with the chopsticks. The main grill included beef, chicken, fish, shrimp, veggies and rice (you can have them all or choose what you like)and dessert is served at private tables in a seperate room. It was our anniversary and the staff presented us with a cake, sang to us and then served champagne. On a side note - when we returned to our room there were two resort t-shirts and a bottle of rum. We thoroughly enjoyed our meals at the other 2 as well and found the service to be excellent at all times.In fact, we found the service to be excellent in all areas and the entire staff extremely friendly. As others have mentioned, try to speak a little Spanish and they will go out of their way to speak a little English. Also, we always carried candies and gum to give to any staff and these items were very well received. Many of the staff would stick them away in their pocket to take home to their children.We were pleased with our room. We were in the middle of the resort in building 11 overlooking the wedding gazebo. The pillow top king size bed was very comfortable. And the jacuzzi tub was a nice way to relax after a day in the sun before heading down to dinner. The rooms for the most part do seem to be the same. My sister-in-law and friend were moved to the Bavaro side (they required a room with 2 double beds instead of the king they were originally assigned) and the only differences we could see were that they received a shaving kit, there was a make up mirror and they had 1 pay per view station on the TV. Not much of a difference!It really goes without saying that the beach was gorgeous. My husband is a fairly early riser, and we were often on the beach for 7:30 - 8 am. I can assure you that the week we were there, there was no one reserving chairs at 6 am. And even at 10 or 11 chairs can be found with a little walking around. There are many water sports available both free and at a cost. Just remember to sign up for the water sports the day before. The pools were all clean and warm, and we especially enjoyed retreating to the quieter pools at the middle of the resort in the latter part of the afternoon. Good place to siesta in preparation for the evening activities.We found the staff did their best to provide a little something for everyone in the evening. The lobby on one side had a guitar player and singer and the other lobby had a synthesizer and singer. There is a show in the theatre at 9pm and 10pm. We didn't bother with these except the karaoke night. At 11 everything in the main lobby closes and you can move on to the Square at the front. There is a small karaoke bar (my sister-in-law got it rocking one night), a patio, live entertainment on stage from 11 to midnight, shopping (although quite over priced compared to the beach market), the casino and the disco from midnight to 2. We read that drinks were only included until 11pm but we were served until 2am no problem. Out in the Square you must provide your room number and sign for the drinks but there is no charge to your room. Apparently it is simply to verify that you are a guest.I would highly recommend this resort and hope to go back again soon. We have stayed in various resorts in the Caribbean and felt this was one of the best. Granted, we have never stayed at a Paradisus or Secrets for a basis of comparison, and it is not 5* to North American standards, but considering the country, it is a top of the line place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gemma08
<Content>Amazing!       Brownie, Entertainment Staff  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BeachBum18
<Content>Great..... for a one day trip Please stay away from this 2 star hotel. Over 2,000 employees and yet one cannot go one day without a problem. Including, staff giving people the middle finger and threatening them. Locals in the hotel market selling dope. Bar keepers that ridicule you in spanish. I advise any concerned parents not to bring children. 2 thumbs down.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tips for a good time We just returned from a one week stay at this precious place. We麓d rather keep it short but it was fantastic:The reception: though their knowledge of english is pretty limited they always try to help you out.The rooms: very big, kleen and fresh. Check daily if you have towels because the cleaning lady seems to forget it all the timeThe restaurants: make your dinner reservations upon arrival at the guest service. It will save you a lot of time. The food quality is above all the expectations. However service is pretty slow.The pool area : clean and pools are close to the beach. All coctails have the same taste....The beach: one of the most beautiful beaches I have ever seen. A pitty that other guests reserve the seats at 06:00 am.Excursions: expensive through the Reps. If you want to see or know something about real Dominican life send a mail to wimpyja@hotmail.com It is worth itThe weather : bring enough sunfactor 30 (very expensive) and a raincoat.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Murphy
<Content>Second Time Visitor ... As great at the first! My husband and I (38/41) returned on Nov 6th. It was our second visit to this resort this year (Feb 05). The second time was as good as the first! The first time we stayed on the Punta Cana Side and this time the Bavaro Side. Both are equal - no difference - nothing to compare. The difference is one uses one lobby and main restaurant and the other uses a mirror image on the other side (the share the same kitchen ... so no difference in food).Caution - if you are looking for a happening, busy, action packed place that is hopping 24/7 - this is not for you! If you are looking for a spectacular, good food, excellent beach, moderate activities - then this is for you.UpgradeIf you can upgrade do this either before you leave home or try to do it at the resort!! (You take your chance that it is available). It is called Diamond or Hacienda Club or Club Gold - depending on your tour operator. We had this upgrade the first time and missed it this time. (We tried to upgrade at the resort, but the resort was so full due to the Hurricane guest relocations that it was not possible). The upgrade gives you a lot of little things that add up (robes, slippers, private breakfast restaurant, rooms closer to the beach, 4 dinners vs. 3, book all your dinners at once (not day by day), in-room beach towel service, 2x day maid service, private pool area (though others used it as well). All little things ... but are certainly worthwhile. Don't confuse this upgrade with the Premium!! The premium is a totally separate section at the resort that is the furthest from the beach. It has it's own pool, restaurant and is adult's only - but you are far away from everything!!Rooms - All rooms are the same - other than the type of bed. You do want to try and get a 2nd/3rd floor room because of the bugs. But, in a hot humid country - bugs happen!! They were spraying the last time we were there, but so many people complained about the spraying that now you have bugs!!Service - The resort was very full (we were told 95% occupied at times during the week) and so the service may not have been quite up to par ... depended on the location. The beach bars and grills certainly were not great ... but you are on holiday, so you have an extra minute to wait! Generally, if you are friendly and try the language with them - they are friendly and will try English with you!Beach - Picture postcard! What more can I say!Grounds - Amazing, beautiful, spectacular!! Very large but gives you a chance to walk off dinner!Food - Good - different - you are in a different country so it is not North American by any standard - but good!Clientelle - I agree with previous reviews. The resort has a very large European contingent (80%) of people. Mostly Spanish, Argentina, Russian, German. This for us was a little disappointing for us - it was hard to strike up conversations - noone spoke English! We joked that we had more conversations with the wait staff then other guests!! It could have been the week or the time of year (not a popular time for North American travellers). In February we did not notice this as much - it was more like 40-50%.Overall - A great resort. We would go back again for a third time - but would upgrade!Relax and enjoy it - it is really lovely!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a Great Vacation Just returned on Sunday from the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana and had a super vacation.As part of our Club Golden package, we received our room keys and associated documentation on the bus ride from the airport to the resort. As result, once we arrived at the hotel, we did not have to check in ... we simply had a porter take our luggage to the room - a nice touch.We did not experience the bad service some other reviewers wrote about. All staff were very friendly and tried to be helpful.We stayed in building number 4, which was very close to the main pool and the beach. We had a great view of the ocean from our balcony and the rooms were very nicely appointed, including king size bed, jacuzzi bath, make-up mirror, and marble flooring throughout. Water pressure was excellent and we never ran out of hot water. Rooms were kept meticulously clean and included turn-down service nightly along with daily replacement of beach towels - another nice touch.We have been to the DR a number of times, and food throughout the resort was better than average. In the buffet, most food was only lukewarm, so try to stick to the fresh stations (pasta bar, carving station, or grill). We found the food at the a-la-cartes pretty good - freshly prepared and nicely presented. One of our primary reason for the trip was to go scuba diving. The dive staff was excellent! Very professional, friendly, and fluent in English. The coral is not as health as in other areas of the Caribbean but visibility was good (50') and the water was very warm (84 degrees). The highlight of the trip was swimming with a couple of manatee during two separate dives! They were very docile, allowing us to pet them and ride on their back. Truly a memorable experience!All in all, I would highly recommend this resort and would definitely return.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Avid_travelling_duo
<Content>After one year of full operation, Bahia Principe Punta Cana is well on its way! My sister and I (both in our mid-forties) spent a week with our 3 teenage children at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana from October 30th to November 6th. Prior to our arrival, we had requested (by phone) building #14, 3rd floor, connecting rooms, and got exactly what we wanted. Check-in process was very efficient and courteous, but the rooms were ready only at 3 p.m. which is understandable. Baggage handling was also quick and readily available.The rooms are all the same, very clean and nicely appointed, the only downside would be the lights: very few and mild, not bright at all, and no make-up mirror (usually available in 5-star resorts). Maid service was fine, we asked for face cloths and got some, our room was always done and we had enough towels. She even folded our teenagers' clothes lying on the floor!The resort is absolutely beautiful, always very clean and the ground are well kept. Landscaping is gorgeous.The pools are huge, clean, and the water temperature is wonderful! Nice and warm, we were in there every 15 minutes because it was soooo hot in the scorching sun. The 2 pools in the middle of the resort are more quiet, but they are further from the beach and the restaurants (mid-way between lobby and beach). The pools near the beach are busier, with lots of noise: a DJ and a few members of the animation team solliciting participation in pool games, dance lessons, water aerobics, contests, etc... It can get annoying at times because they try to get you involved, but if you tell them you don't want to they'll let it go. All pools have a pool bar. Plenty of lounge chairs around every pool and on the beach, never a shortage and we didn't get there until 9 a.m., so no need to go and reserve a spot at 7 a.m. Towel huts are open from 8 to 6, always on time, and are located at each pool. We didn't get drinks served at our chair around the pool but it was easy to get a drink at the snack bar or the pool bar.I was amazed at the excellent service we got throughout the resort, at every single level. They are always polite, accomodating, quick and they do a great job. They really try hard, and although I am fluent in Spanish, I noticed they do their best all the time to speak whatever language is required, many of them speak French, English, a little Italian and a little German. If you ask them nicely, they go out of their way to make you happy.We were not part of any special category (Golden, Diamond, Hacienda, Premier), and it made absolutely no difference! Loved our building's location (even better than the special reserved sections). We didn't have any problems getting A La Carte restaurant reservations, and as a matter of fact got 6 reservations instead of 3 - no problem!The food was quite good, comparable to most resorts I've been to, although not of the same caliber as the Iberostar Paraiso Lindo (Riviera Maya) where I went last year. The main buffet 芦Orquidea禄 was a disappointment though: a very musty smell all the time because they keep the windows closed and there's no air circulation, and a very 芦stuffy禄 decor. You'd swear you're in a formal dining room of a city hotel, with mahogany wood pillars, heavy dark drapes, paintings on the wall, classical music. Nothing tropical, open, light. We avoided it all week after the first day. We had breakfast at the Pescador restaurant right next to the main pool, and sometimes even lunch, the selection was excellent and the atmosphere much nicer. You need a T-shirt and shorts or a cover-up, no wet bathing suit or wet feet.The A La Carte restaurants were very nice. Each one offers you a different cocktail upon your arrival, and the reservations are always honoured on time. Our favourite by far was the Gourmet, outstanding, classy, great service. Japanese was good too, a nice spread of food, sushi, tempura, and the teppanyaki grill, dessert in the other room, beautiful decor, great service. Mexican was average, the appetizers were better thanthe main course, service so-so. Italian was the biggest dissapointment, but perhaps our selections were not good (dry lasagna, dry pizza with mostly hard crust and not enough toppings, no tomato sauce), but my nephew had the beef tenderloin and loved it. The Garden Grill seemed to be the most popular and they cooked the meat to perfection (we like it medium rare), service was good. The Caf茅 de Paris on the Bavaro side was practically the same as the Gourmet (they share the same kitchen back-to-back) but the service was better on the Punta Cana side. Wine and cocktails are served constantly, they always fill up your glass as required. Wine was not of the highest quality, sometimes it tasted more like Sangria, but it was OK.The snack bars are great if you want to stay barefeet in your bathing suit, always plenty to chose from, the grilled chicken was tender and juicy, you can get fruit and salad too. Pizza was better there than the Italian Restaurant!The weather was amazing during our stay. Very hot days and warm evenings, only 2 evenings of rain when it really poured heavily with lightning, but that was during dinner and the show, so we didn't even care. Every room has a big golf umbrella in the closet. Never rained during the day, it was really hot!The beach is awesome, we walked for hours. Never saw a sea shell or a rock. Clear turquoise water, white sand. Spectacular beach. Somedays there was a little bit of sea grass brushed onto some areas of the beach, but then it would go away or you just had to go a little more to the left or right, it was never widespread.The evening shows were cheesy and sleezy, in my opinion, most of the time. I can't stand those audience participation games, where people get dragged up on stage (I still can't figure out why some actually volunteer!!!) and make fools of themselves tring to act sexy and partake in stupid contests. There was a lot of that. Some guys were very good on Karaoke night. I find a lot of the daytime animation at the pool is also sleezy, they want the guests to do 芦best legs禄 or 芦best sexy guy禄 or 芦best bikini禄 contests, and it's really pathetic, lots of blubber flapping around, pelvis thrusting, etc. Compared to the shows I've seen at Iberostar resorts, they have an opportunity for improvement.The shuttle buses going from one of the resort to the other were excellent, always available and continuous.The lobby is beautiful, they do make the best drinks, but unfortunately they close at 11 p.m. They should have a piano there and make that area their piano bar with dancing.Oh, and about the mosquitoes: I never get bitten in Canada, and I never thought I'd be a 芦victim禄 of bites in Punta Cana, but I was! Got about 16 bites on my calves, soooo itchy, and I never actually felt them biting me. Don't know for sure if they were black flies or mosquitoes, but nobody else from my group got bitten like that. Oh well...I don't believe in tipping all over the place when I'm in an all-inclusive resort, so I seldom did and still got excellent service. I brought a few thing to give away, like baseball hats, lipstick, nail polish, candy. I did give the maid a few dollars, the bellboy too, but didn't tip at the bars nor at the restaurants (except at the Gourmet, which was really a cut above the rest).All in all, I really enjoyed my week at Bahia Principe, and I think this resort is well on its way to becoming a five-star. They just need to beef up on little details that make a difference, like drink service around the pool and on the beach, better nightly entertainment, make-up mirrors in the room, and a nicer main buffet area. The staff is great.Enjoy your vacation!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Busy Charter Tour Resort If we hadn't received such a cheap last minute deal, $764 Can pp total, the following may have been written with a more negative slant.This resort depends heavily on European charters and North American guests will experience the warts that come with them. If you're a non-smoking, english-only speaking couple looking for a Carribean 5 star resort, offering a relaxed atmosphere, uncrowded beach, and great food and beverage this is not the place for you.On a positive note, the 1500+ room Bahai is a new resort that has spacious all jr suites, good facilities and numerous food and beverage locations. The beach, pools and the grounds are well kept. But if you're a middle aged couple and you're expecting a Cancun-Mayan Riviera vacation experience, you may be dissapointed. Many guests here are European and do not share North American values, etiguette, or customs. Foreign attitudes overpower you. The food and beverage quality and service is also a big step down from Mexico.Spanish-only speaking food and beverage staff require greater training in english if this resort wants to garner more new and repeat North American clients. We're back in Punta Cana DR in April/06 at the RIU Bambo for our daughter's wedding and we've been assurred by many that this resort is a step up from Bahai in food and beverage. RIUs in DR appear to be successful in developing a strong repeat North American clientelle along with European charters. We'll report back on RIUs after April visit.*Buyer beware--Club Golden and Hacienda Club packages at Bahai advertise exclusive use of club member pools, but many less expensive standard package folks invade pool facilities and the resort has difficulty policing. Don't bother with Golden or Hacienda pkgs. If you can purchase this vacation for under $1000 Can or $800 US, taxes included, travelling from the Can/US Midwest/East, Oct-May, then you should realise value. Any more money and you can do better elsewhere.Safe Travels...Dave Plumpton  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>wanttotravelmore
<Content>Had a great time - Beautiful Beach       outside the front lobey  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good value, very inconsitent hotel Just returned from the Bahia and had a mixed experience. The resort itself is very spread out, but the shuttle that runs frequently makes this very easy to deal with. The Beach is very nice and very long, runs both ways for many miles. The beach does however have seaweed that washes up along the shores and patches of it occasionally swirl around you in the water. The beach is very beautiful though and I enjoyed the swimming in ocean. The pools were nice, with bars at every one. The bars themselves were very inconsistent. Drinks tasted different from bar to bar and bartender to bartender. The lobby bar seemed to have the best bartenders with more consistent drinks but the service was very often slow, to the point of annoyance.  Food, lets see, the main buffet was alright. It had a decent selection to choose from and there was always something to have though I wouldn't say any of it was outstanding in any way. Breakfast buffets have a nice ommelet station but they have you put what you want in it on a plate for them to get past the language barrier. Not so good if you don't know preportions very well, thats what chefs are for but they just mix it all in. The specialty restaurants were a mixed bag as well. The gourmet restaurant and Japanese restaurant were excellent. Very good service and food, a great meal and we had a very enjoyable experience. The Garden Grill was the other end of the experience. Horrible service, slow and unattentive. Impossible to get a drink, waited forever. Food was horrible, we were very dissapointed, wouldn't recomend it at all. The last one we went to was the Italian. Great appetizer, terrible mains, average service.  In general the staff were very average. There was a terrible habit of asking for things, whether it be a coffee, drink, or anything else and having a waiter take off never to be seen again. Or showing up 40 mins later with the cocktail you wanted before dinner. Language was an issue but a bit of patience and everyone understood.  The hotel seems to have spent a lot of money on a nice resort but then falls apart on the basics. Finding a cocktail list in the bars was impossible, before dinner drinks in the restaurants were very difficult to get, long lines for dinner reservations with no menus to examine and decide which restaurant to try, things like that. THIS IS ALSO NOT A HOTEL FOR NIGHT LIFE. The bars close up early, and the only place left is a little disco at the front of the hotel. Bars are closing basically right after you get out from dinner. 10:30 or 11 and the place is a ghost town. I've never seen anything like it at a resort. THIS AREA IS ALSO NOT A SHOPPERS AREA. There is very limited shopping and the closest area outside the hotel is a 40 min beach walk to a line of 15 huts and shops where haggling is a must. If you go, take a Captain Cook taxi boat back, worth the 5 bucks. We bought the trip last minute for 800 each, canadian. That was with all taxes and such in and at that price it was a good deal. We made a lot of our own fun and had a good time. We laughed off some bad service and enjoyed some great service and hospitality, just very inconsistent.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Romantic resort Fantastic resort. Definitely 5 star in attractiveness and extra. We had the MOST relaxing time. I am so shocked to read about not getting service--ours was outstanding. We never waited once for a drink. We stayed on the Bavaro side of the hotel and one suggestion is to get the Hacienda club package which has its own private lagoon-like pool with a great swim up bar. Also, you have free extras including internet service in the club鈥檚 office.The beach was beautiful. We scuba dived 鈥揵asic but fun.This is a perfect resort for a break--totally relaxing. All the rooms are suites-- gorgeous with large Jacuzzi tubs in the marble bathroom. . The entertainment is almost non-existent but it really wasn't what we were looking for.Enjoyed the staff but remember this is a Spanish resort鈥攖he staff and 95 percent of guest speak little or NO english. It is amazing how fast you adapt!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth a trip back We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro from Oct 29 to Nov 5. This was our first visit to an all-inclusive resort. We had a car and spent some time travelling outside of the resort, so we were able to see a tiny bit of the DR as well. By the way, I do not recommend that you rent a car. The driving is extremely challenging both due to the driving habits of the Dominicans to whom traffic signs are only a suggestion and the size of the potholes (often so deep that the undercarriage of your car will scrape and too wide to drive over - we cracked the inner rim of the wheel). You definitely should not drive at night. My partner has driven all over the world and is a highly experienced professional driver, so driving was a reasonable choice for us. I just closed my eyes for some of it -like the 6 motorbikes coming at us in the wrong lane or the 2 cement trucks driving down the road, parallel to each other, taking up the entire road and straight at us.The resort is very nice with pleasant landscaping (very new - in a few years it should be extremely lovely and lush). We had generally good service and the problems were relatively minor. I will try to address a few of the issues that seem to be of concern in these posts.Various locations and clubs - we upgraded to the Club Hacienda/Club Diamond (same thing)when we arrived for 10 USD per person per day. This was a good value for us. This allowed us to use the Italian restaurant for breakfast and lunch. As I personally do not enjoy large dining halls, the smaller location was more comfortable for me. I also enjoyed getting to know the service staff. We were treated very well here. In addition, the club allows use of the smaller pool in front of the Italian restaurant. I found this pool very pleasant for morning swimming and not very crowded. We also sat by the pool a few times in the afternoon and had excellent drinks and enjoyed it very much.I think because we were not travelling with a whole tour, we ran into a few problems. Basically, no one arrives by car (there are only about 40 parking spaces for the whole Bavaro side of the resort)and everyone seems to be part of the package. So we weren't in the system.I had booked with Sunwing for the hotel portion. Unfortunately, our reservation wasn't properly handled. According to the hotel, the Sunwing representative had cancelled our reservation (possibly because we didn't arrive with the rest of the tour). I have yet to get through to the Sunwing office here to see what they think happened. Until then, I will reserve judgement on their service - anything could have gone wrong.I had my receipt, booking number etc.- that, and some judicious application of cash (same as I would do in any hotel) facilitated the two hour check-in process. We were offered a place to sit and a drink during this process. Eventually, we had a twin bed room in bldg 29, right next to the swamp for the first night.Just to clarify , the twin beds are more like large doubles. We managed alright for the first night and actually preferred the location because it was quiet. We were moved to bldg 25 for our preferred king-sized bed the next night. The hotel was helpful with the move and the bellmen were efficient and pleasant. The hotel was very full. My guess from the Cancun t-shirts is that many of the guests had been relocated from Mexico. I found the pool at the beach very crowded and not as enjoyable for that reason. We enjoyed the beach and found if we turned left and went down to the end of the beach, there were many empty chairs with shade. It was extremely entertaining to watch the ocean- and the hobi cat crashes. The men managing the sports equipment come right out to rescue you if you have a problem, so if you are thinking of trying sailing and kayaking, this is the place to do it!Size of the resort. I am sure that if you have young children or physical disabilities you will find the trolley, which runs constantly, a comfort. However, walking at a slow pace, I could walk from Bldg 25 to the pool by the Italian restaurant in six minutes. Walking the full distance, beach to lobby is about 12 minutes. We took the trolley once. After being packed in with drunken guests, grumpy children and even grumpier parents for seven minutes (about how long the trip takes by trolley due to stops) we decided exercise was a benefit to our health. It rained heavily a few nights, but there are nice golf sized umbrellas in your room. They cover the trolley with plastic doors, so you could also take the trolley if it is pouring.We were extremely close to the beach in bldg 25 - I wouldn't have wanted to get any closer. The closer you are to the beach, the noisier it is due to pool activities, the trolley circling around and the foot traffic. If you are person who enjoys a good party and lots of activities, closer to the beach is good. If you would prefer to join in the fun at your own pace and then return to a quieter room, you'll be happy with a room mid-resort. Mid-resort puts you a short walk from the lobby bar which is nice for when you've had enough sun and a short walk to the beach.Room airconditioning - I brought an extra old room key and it did work to keep the airconditioning running. But if you forget, several drink coasters folded in half do the same thing. If you have the patio door open, the airconditioning stops, but the electricity stays on.Minibar and drinking water - this was filled every day. We did leave a dollar in the mini bar if we had a special request. But the service was the same whether we tipped the maid or the mini-bar person or not. Good service.Food - I did not enjoy the large main buffet on several of the nights. I did notice the swampy smell in the buffet mentioned in the early postings, but in many sections you don't smell it. The service was extremely attentive even in the buffet.The more complex sauced dishes don't do well in buffet trays (true anywhere). The food was usually lukewarm. However, there was a good selection of cold cuts, salad fixings, breads, etc. There was always something to eat - I found the rice, beans and other local simple dishes are very nice. However, the staff at the omelet bar, for example, was under so much pressure from complaining patrons, that eggs were undercooked and food was just plopped out. In contrast, in the Italian restaurant breakfast buffet,the same food selection was hot or cold as it should have been and individual dishes, such as omelets, were well-prepared.We ate at the Cafe de Paris, which was the best all around, food, service, etc. The meal we had was as good as any I have had in a five star restaurant. We also ate at the Cafe Gourment - while the food was good, they were experiencing a total break down in service...probably just new staff. We also ate at the Italian restaurant. The food here was good, the service very quick as well - the place was packed. The most dissappointing food was at the steak restaurant. The cut of meat I received was mostly fat . Service was good. Drinks - we aren't big drinkers. However, we do enjoy pina coladas. These are often chosen without alcohol in the DR - so the person's comment about being offered drinks without alcohol needs to be put in context. It is true that we never had the same quality of drink twice. These were highly inconsistent. By the way, all the bars have a listing of included drinks and the prices for those that aren't. House wine is included in the resturants.The service in the lobby bar was generally good and attentive. We spent many nice hours watching people, enjoying a nice breeze, chatting and drinking coffee and other drinks. We saw several couples playing cards here and just relaxing out of the sun for a little while. The only time we saw the service here go downhill was when a tour bus departed. Then about 100 tourists trying to drink themselves into oblivion before they left would pour into the lobby bar and all order at once. The staff did a great job keeping up with all the requests, but there were just too many people and too few staff. Any of you who have been cocktail waitresses will be able to relate!Language - we ran into a number of small problems relating to our room (like they checked us out on the wrong day and our keys didn't work for the last 24 hours). These required a much higher level of Spanish than we have and we did struggle a bit trying to find a staff member who spoke either English or French so we could communicate. However, we did eventually succeed. Just to get this in perspective -I have spent a great deal of time even in five star hotels in the US dealing with troubles...stuff just happens. Throughout the process the staff was very nice and kind.For daily use, like ordering drinks, food, requesting more drinking water for the room, towels, etc., basic Spanish phrases combined with polite greetings and thanks in Spanish go a very long way. Staff definitely appreciate your effort in trying to communicate. However, if you are unwilling or unable to deal with the fact that many of the staff will not understand you if you do not speak Spanish, I highly recommend you go to another resort where English is the first language of the majority of guests. We observed many English speaking couples freaking out because the bartender didn't understand them and one particularly stunning incident in the Italian resturant where the guy was speaking at the top of his voice about how even in bad resorts staff spoke English. Do yourself and your blood pressure a favour and don't go to the Gran Bahia if you can't deal with people who can not speak English. You'll have a happier holiday somewhere else.Clientele - the first few days we were there, the majority of the resort's guests were Europeans and most were Spanish speaking. About mid-way through, there was a shift when a large influx of English speaking visitors arrived. I think with any resort, the luck of draw will influence the noise level and type of person around you. Drunken singing fellows wandering around the resort at 2am, hordes of unsupervised children, people yelling at each other across courtyards and conducting whole conversations at a full yell (unfortunately, these were predominately English speakers)...well, you can't do much about that! The good thing about the resort is that it is big. You can just go somewhere else or just walk down the beach a little bit (my experience was that the most obnoxious stayed close to the bars, bathrooms and snackbars) and have a really wonderful, relaxing time.We had a wonderful time. We are more likely in the future to stay at hotels and travel independently. However, this was a very nice vacation - relaxing, pleasant not to have to worry about money within the resort. We never let the little annoyances - which are inherent in travel- bother us. Mostly, they were amusing. If we wanted to have a quiet all-inclusive resort experience, we would certainly be comfortable returning to this resort. In conclusion, I would highly recommend this resort!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I won't be back . My husband and I just returned from the Bahia Principe yesterday. Neither of us are hard to please, nor do we complain about much but we were very unhappy with our vacation. We had been booked for a return trip to the Mayan Riviera but had to switch our plans at the last minute due to the hurricane damage. Although the resort itself is beautiful and clean, the service was horrible. The bar service was the worst I've ever seen. Once you managed to even get the bartenders to pay attention to you, more often than not you were handed the wrong drink, or a luke warm drink with no alcohol at all. Until one waitress finally asked if we wanted alcohol in our drink, we weren't even aware that they usually didn't add it unless you requested it. The lobby bar was the only place I managed to get a cold drink, correctly made, but the servers didn't seem interested in bothering to take your order after one or two drinks. It didn't really matter much anyway since all the bars started closing down around 10:30 anyway. At that time, unless you wanted to go to the cheesy disco, you were out of luck!The food was decent enough, but again there were problems. Service was very inconsistent. Some mornings it was almost impossible to even get coffee and at times we had to go find our own cutlery as the hostess didn't bother to bring us any. Service was no better in the fine dining rooms .. at one, we were just taken to our seats and left to ourselves. We weren't even told about the salad bar and had to ask after we saw others helping themselves. The Japanese restaurant was an exception .. food and service was excellent in there.And then there was the 'entertainment'. It was amateur and quite frankly very juvenile. The sound system was poor and the MC did a lot of shouting over everything which was very annoying. Night life for mature couples was pretty much non existent. Although we managed to have a decent relaxing vacation, I wish I had saved my money and rebooked for Mexico later in the year. This resort is nowhere near 5 star caliber in terms of service and recreation. I certainly won't ever return.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>albufeira
<Content>In need of better service  Just got back from the DR last night. I spent 5 nights at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana. While the resort has lots to offer including multiple pools, a beautiful beach, and great landscaping, it still needs work in both the service, food quality, and entertainment for it to be considered a 4 star hotel. It's a very large resort consisting of 3 resorts in 1 I believe. Buildings are 2-3 stories high so there's lots of walking involved or just wait for the shuttle; comes around every 10 minutes or so. There were some mentions of a smell of sewage and I also smelled it a few times. I think it usually occured after raining. Not sure if they have in-house sewage treatment or septics, or what but maybe the heavy nightly rains flooded something.Expedia : Booked with them for 5 nights w/ airfare  transfers was about $1500 for a single. I flew American Airlines and I found out the day before they cancelled my 6am flight to Miami so they re-scheduled me for the later 7:20 flight which is what I wanted originally but I had been told it was sold out. The flight nonetheless was sold out and some people got stuck. We did leave an hour late from Logan and I only had about 30 minutes to catch my connection to Punta Cana. The Airport in Punta Cana was kinda cool, thatched roof and all. What I didn't like was picture taking with the dressed up Dominican girls that slowed everything down. Worse was the $10 admission fee that we all had to pay to pass thru customs. I didn't see a sign posted indicating what or why we had to pay it. Not cool. American Airlines DID NOT transfer my bag for my connection to DR so I went Thursday night thru Friday night 8pm with nearly nothing to wear. The trip to the hotel took nearly an hour, not 30 minutes indicated by Expedia, and on our return transfer back to the airport it was about 45 minutes. Not a pleasant drive. The roads are in such poor shape and you have to drive by the poorest of communities to get to your hotel. It was pretty obvious that I would not be venturing out beyond the hotel.Check-in: This was actually a breeze. In and out within 10 minutes and shuttled to my room. They put me in 18106 which is in building 18, 1st floor. Unfortunately, the room is very close to the shuttle rotary where there is also a lot of foot traffic. The theatre is also across the way. Too much noise for me so I changed rooms the next day. FYI... the higher the bulding number, the farther from the beach you are. Also, being on the first floor probably contributed to the several mosquitos I had in that 1st room. I also had many 1/2 inch long but very very thin worms crawling around. You'll see them crawling all over the grounds during the day. Not a big deal on the grounds but don't need to step on them in the room. Try a higher floor. The room: I was relocated to room 8211; building 8, second floor. Much closer to the beach, now probably a 5 minute walk instead of 10 minutes. Only noticed a couple of mosquitos in that room during my stay and no worms crawling. The rooms were identical. Nice bathroom, comfy bed, small TV (19 ?), descent balcony. Not a lot of drawer space, in fact it is not sufficient for a couple staying at least 4 nights. I also noticed there was no clock radio in the room as indicated by Expedia; neither of my rooms had it. I was also not delivered a newspaper. Was I suppose to go get it ? Considering it was listed under room amenities, I figured I'd have something outside my door each morning but I didn't. Whatever. Also, on several occasions I tried calling long distance and couldn't get thru. I had to have the operator dial it for me. On my 3rd request they finally did something that I could dial out on my own.The clientele: Most vacationers were European. My guess is 60-70% in all; most from Spain, several Portuguese and French, others from the UK. I'm sure every country was represented. Those are the languages that I heard most often when walking by. There was also a good number from Canada. Not many from the US.The staff: They were just there. The groundskeepers, security, maid service, etc lacked the responsiveness and friendliness that you'd find in Cancun or Riviera Maya. I could not walk my a Mexican employee without them saying good morning with a smile. It goes a long long way. The Dominican workers don't acknowledge you with a smile and a welcome. The only people who greeted you were the greeters in the restaurants. Well DUH, that's their primarly role. I'd have to say that the bartenders were probably the only exception.The weather: Pushed 90 degrees everyday. Mostly sunny during my stay. You really need to moderate your sun exposure. I spent 4 hours in the sun on Friday and picked up a lot of color. Saturday I could feel it so I was in desperate need of shade and didn't have much luck. I did find a spot under a palm tree by the pool but I forgot to cover my head and my entire forehead and scalp are all ready peeling. In fact, I went to the doctor's office because of swelling on my forehead and shelled out $170 for the visit. She gave me an IV of medication to prevent the swelling from getting worse. I had to put any icy cloth over my head for a couple of days. Be careful ! Also, every night there was a thunderstorm around 6-8 pm. The pool area: Very nice pools. There are 2 lagoon style pools on opposite sides of the main walkway halfway into the resort. On my way out, I noticed some 2 year old kid standing on a pool ledge peeing onto the shrubs. His dad waited for him to finish before he picked him up and put him back into the pool. Hey dad...that's kinda ignorant dontcha think ? I only used the main pool by the beach. Lots of chairs, decent amount of shaded area but like most everyone says they get hogged up. People leave their towels there and go venture off somewhere else. Daily noontime pool festivities were fun to watch. There was probably 15% topless there by the way. The beach area: Again, very very nice. Same problem with getting descent seating by towel droppers. Noontime beach activities, well more like 11am. Once they finished at the beach, they moved to the pool. Very expansive beach. On my last morning, I made it to the beach around 8am, not many people on the beach at that hour but probably the best time to secure your palapa shade. I walked way down the left by the volley ball net where it was secluded. You'll enjoy the beach walks. There is seaweed covering the beach area, looked more like twig seaweed instead of longer wider sheets of seaweed as I'm more familiar with. Water was warm, not too rough. I did not see any beachside beverage service when I sat on the beach. Maybe there was ?Dining: The Buffet...Their wait staff were slow and unattentive. This is Bahia Principe's biggest problem. The main buffet restaurant was OK overall, but nothing that special. Thank god for the omelette and pasta stations. I usually had an omelette w/ some croissants, some potatoes, and possibly some meat dish. Their freshly made juices were quite good though. Twice at beakfast, I was not offered coffee. A 3rd time, I was on my 2nd plate and was finally offered coffee. Lunch and dinner gave you some acceptible choices in the buffet, but nothing to wow you. The pasta station offered penne, farfalle, and spagetti with choices of DICED onions, peppers, tomatoes and a few other choices. Would have been nice to offer chicken, shrimp, meatballs, sausages, etc. Not even broccoli ! At one dinner in the buffet, I was nearly thru my pasta dish before I finally got served water. I then asked for red wine and it was brought to me while I was now working on desert. Another night there, I again asked for wine, but it NEVER came. I did have 2 waiters come by each offering me lemonade that I did not ask for. It was for a few tables back. As for the other restaurant dining, you needed to make a reservation before 3pm. So, if your appetite suddenly changed from Italian to Japanese or for steakhouse, you're out of luck. Garden Grill: I made an 8:15pm res at the Garden Grill Steakhouse. I gave my selections for my soup and meal at 8:35pm. I went to the small appetizer buffet to fix a salad. I waited, as did another couple across the way from me, 20 minutes for a small bowl of soup to be served. I could tell by the look on their faces that they were also not pleased. After finishing my soup, ten minutes later my ribeye steak was served. Not much of a steak, it was about 1/2 inch thick. It was displayed nice but that didn't make up for it. I was disappointed with both the slow service and food, that I walked out after my steak and didn't bother waiting for a desert. El Charro: I then made a res at the Mexican restaurant for 8:30pm. The service was quicker here but then again there were very few people dining that night. Started off at their buffet and had ordered steak fajitas. No joke but the fajitas I make are 5x better than what they served. Very very narrow strips of beef and not tender served with very little onions and peppers. 3 very small wraps accompanied by a few sides. However, cheese, lettuce, and sour cream were not offered. I had a coconut flan that was OK, wouldn't ask for it again.So, here it is that I have to allocate my time at a specific time to be served a meal and in the end I haven't been satisfied with both service and quality. Yeah, no need for reservations anymore. Since the level of service and quality didn't vary much by outlet, no point in making arrangements around their schedule. I decided to just eat in the buffet moving forward. If I'm gonna be disappointed, then I want to spend the least amount of time experiencing that. You can chew and screw in the buffet within 20 minutes. You can't get served soup that fast in the other restaurant outlets. and OH....VERY IMPORTANT TO NOTE...I did not get sick once from anything I ate there. Some items may not have sat well but I ate a diverse group of food and often. I read that many vacationers of the resorts in DR got sick from food they ate so I thought I'd note that I experienced no such problem, not even with their dairy like cheese, eggs, and milk. I ALWAYS come back from Cancun with a bug. Someone mentioned to me that Mexicans may not pasteurize or homogenize their dairy products; maybe maybe not but 3 trips to Mexico and I came back with stomache bugs each time. However, I will still go back despite that.Lobby Bar: Unfortunately, the alcohol served tended to be local spirits. They had a few decent brands like JB and Dewars Scotch but less than I expected. They did have top shelf available on the top shelf of the bar, but I wasn't interested in running up an alcohol tab. They made poor margaritas. I went from the lobby bar to the theater bar and asked them to make me a margarita as I placed the one I was just served in front of them. They made it different, no better no worse. I decided to play it simple and stick with Rum  Coke, tough to screw that up. I did enjoy service from German and Fanny at the lobby bar. The do close rather early, 11pm I believe. Another hour would have been nice.To sum it up, for an All-Inclusive resort I think they fall short in their dining offerings and beverage service along with general hospitality. It does offer the vacationer sufficient grounds and activities, but this resort is perhaps a 3 - 3.5 star out of 5. For nearly $200/night per room, I did expect better since I did have other choices that cost less. By contrast, SPA Palace in the Riviera Maya also had a large property like this one. But the staff was more friendly, the food and beverage was much better without this ridiculous reservation requirement, which made for a more enjoyable vacation; and they don't even have a real beach.Considering that most of these properties are new, most are gonna get you a nice room, pretty grounds, nice pools, and a nice beach. Where they're gonna differ is in what's included in the price; level of food  beverage offerings and convenience, and how good the service is. If nice pools and beach are your primary concerns, this resort will probably work for you. If you prefer better service and better dining, you should go elsewhere. Unfortunately, I can't sugggest where. You may have to resort to going back to basics and talking with a local travel agent who has been there before and who will give you their personal opinion.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>ReneeF
<Content>Just got back....Paradise!!! We just got back from the Bahia Principe on Monday and I couldn't wait to post my review...I noticed there is a sudden surge in posts for this resort...most of them are doubtful. I hope that my comments will help squash those doubts and answer any questions!First, I have to say that my boyfriend and I were in complete bliss the entire week. We booked through Sunquest and were very impressed with the level of service. We had a Canadian Sunquest rep meet us at the airport. She worked at the resort, so there was always someone there to help us with any questions. We were brought to our villa, in the Club Hacienda section. This is in the middle of the resort. We had a private pool that was shared among the Club Hacienda guests, which had a swim-up pool. The pools and the beach were amazing...The food was beyond my expectations. There were many choices, we never got bored. The a la carte restaurants were so good! The buffet was a little weird sometimes (fish for breakfast?) But not something that affected our vacation. The French restaurant had the best steak I ever had - better than The Keg!Service was absolutely amazing...we expected language barriers, but most staff were easy to communicate with. As long as you know no thank you and other basics, you're good. Staff definitely go out of their way to make you happy. We tipped the maid $2 US a day (plus a mini chocolate bar) and she made sure our room was immaculate and gave us some extra beer in the mini bar.Weather was excellent. We recommend going at this time of the year. Yes, people said it was rainy season, but man...every day was HOT. And when it rained, it only rained at night for 30 seconds. The other great part about going at the end of October was the amount of people there...it wasn't too packed. When we go again, we will definitely go in October.This WAS a 5-star resort, no doubt. It's a big resort, it has variety in food and entertainment, and the staff were great. It was a perfect vacation.Now, to address the concerns. There was a slight smell in the main buffet, but I didn't even notice it until the last couple of days and it wasn't so bad that I couldn't stay and eat. The resort is big, but that's a good thing. There is a trolly, but we never used it. We liked the little stroll (especially after the big meals) and seriously, it takes a total of 5 minutes to walk from the beach to the main lobby. We couldn't believe people were actually taking the trolly, but everyone has different opinions. As for lounge chairs, there were plenty to go around. But like I said, we were there at the end of October and the resort was not at full capacity. But there are so many chairs, I can't imagine it to be a problem.But seriously people, if you're going to worry and complain about smells, the amount of walking, and the amount of lounge chairs, then maybe you shouldn't go to a place where the point is to RELAX. The biggest decisions we had to make was beach or pool today? This resort was fantastic. The most important things to factor into planning your vacation is staff service, quality of beach, and quality of food. Don't sweat the small stuff and you will come back home happy!!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kbraler
<Content>Great Experience..don't isten to bad reviews       Beach  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to go back Just returned from my trip to Bahia Principe, in a word excellent. From the moment you arrive to the moment you leave it is first class. Rooms are large, air conditioned and kept in a clean condition by the friendly maids. You have plenty of choice of where to eat, the main A La carte being my favourite, with far too much to choose from.Evening entertainment was normally of a Dominican culture, but first class never the less. Afterwards go to the piano bar, say hello to Henry or Carlos and you will have friends for life. Keep an eye out for Lucianao, and Wilfredo members of the entertainment staff, top guys and a bunch of fun.All in all, top hotel. I will be back without a doubt.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>YPayne
<Content>Nice resort. great beach - just don't go to the spa       sculptures (extra towels) get bigger with a few bucks  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A realistic review I didn't write this review until October, after my return from Jamaica. It's difficult for me to say bad things about a resort, but some things people need to know. True the resort and rooms are beautiful. They'd better be, because 5 of the 7 days we were there we could not get a seat on the beach! They are all saved with towels. Even though the brochure specifically prohibits this. I went with my husband, my son and daughter-in-law, and my brother, his wife and their 3 kids. This gave me a very diverse look at people's opinions of the hotel. None of us will ever go back. We were eaten alive by mosquitoes. At the very back of the hotel behind a fence is ground with open sewage, hence the torrent of mosquitoes. The rooms were also infested with mosquitoes. The activities for children are limited. The food was very good. The staff was polite (I think), I only speak English. My brother and I had to meet at 6am to get a table in the lobby to play Scrabble. After 8am, forget it. There is a trolley to aid in transport, you'll need it. The resort is huge. Also, make sure which color bracelet that you have. We walked to a restaurant our first night there and they said you are not allowed in here. Not the right band. The brochure doesn't mention any color coding and which color allows you to go where. My husband has a little difficulty walking and even with the trolley, there is a lot of walking. No elevators either. I had broke my own vow of never staying at a resort with more than 400 rooms. That was a mistake. Last time in Punta Cana my sister and I stayed at the 3-star Natura Park and had the time of our life. The entertainment there is unbeatable. I've also stayed in Puerto Plata. I also liked that a lot better than here. My brother was upset because he had 2 rooms and the trip was not cheap for him. My son (30) was tense the entire time, which reflected on his wife. It was an awful trip. If you just want to swim in a pool, then it's a good place to go. But if you want the beach, go somewhere else. If you'd like a little personal service, go somewhere else. I have never written a review like this, in fact, this is only my second, but I just wish someone would have warned me. If you are set on going, take your own washcloths. The beautiful suites don't come with washcloths. I just got back from Jamaica and am going again on Nov 7 with some girls. Nice beaches, wonderful people. Laid back. I can actually get a seat on the beach after 8am. Now at least someone warned you.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>1	1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Gwalia
<Content>Our second stay this year,excellent! My wife and i returned from the Bahia Principe Punta Cana on 11th October, this was our second visit to the resort this year. We spent two weeks at the resort in March 2005; it was so good we booked another two weeks from September 25th to October 11th.Check in again was no problem, it took only a few minutes, we requested a third floor room, and got one.We stayed at villa 7 room 308 on the third floor, as many reviews state all rooms are identical, it is only the all Inc package that differs, Club Golden, Hacienda, diamond, and standard? We were standard and had green wrist bands. The Diamond and Hacienda packages did not exist in March, we believe these are recent developments; you will be able to compare these packages when booking with tour operator.The maid (Ana) kept the room clean and tidy, we can not fault the service, and every day there was a different item of towel art, either on the bed, the table or the TV. Mini bar was well stocked, if you ask for more beer you will get it, I asked for four and got eight, the fridge door would barely close.Tipping - We tip the maid daily, and restraunt and bar staff, and believe that if particular staff have made a difference to our vacation we will seek them out and ensure that our appreciation is brought to their attention.Some tour companies will tell you that tips are included in your All Inc package, but I doubt that any such tip gets to the staff. Without doubt the biggest difference was the number of guests at the resort. In March, the resort was 100% full, it was practically impossible to find a shaded area at any of the pools or the beach after 9.00am; we even made it to the beach for 6.45 am on one morning only to find sun beds under shade covered by beach towels. The resort rules state that this practice is not permissible, but some people (many people) still did it. But this minor inconvenience did not spoil our enjoyment of what this resort has to offer. The majority of guests in March were from North America and Canada i.e. English speaking.In September/October the resort was only 30 to 40% full, plenty of space, you could wander down to the beach at 11.00am and pick your shade without any problem. The majority of guests at this time of the year were Spanish and Portuguese i.e. Spanish speaking!The pools had plenty of sun beds vacant, even at 2.00pm.The restraunts we visited this time were the Italian, Mexican, the Garden Grill and the French. Unfortunately we found that the Mexican had definitely declined in service and food. But we found to our delight that the Italian, French and in particular the Garden Grill had improved beyond our expectations, and all three were comparable to any international restraunt in service, quality of food and presentation.We thought that as the resort was only 30 to 40% full, the restraunts would not be so busy, and that booking would not have to be done in the first few days, but we found that as the resort was not as busy, some restraunts only opened on three nights of the week, and so it is still essential to book your restraunts as soon as you arrive, if the time that you want to dine is important.The Garden Grill was by far our favourite this time, the service had improved, the house wine had improved, and the food was much improved. We like a steak well done, in March we had some difficulty getting a well done steak, but this time, with a little Spanish we got exactly what we ordered, the Surf and Turf was excellent!.Ordering a well done steak in Spanish is Muy Pasado and to make sure I put a few more Muy's before the Pasado. The waiter looked in disbelief and said Noh! And I said Si!, Muy muy muy Pasado, and it came well done. We went to the Garden twice, and both times we really enjoyed the evening.The International buffet Orqueda again was excellent, there was always a vast choice of food, from Calvary -roast pork, roast turkey and roast beef to fish and by far my favourite the pasta chef. You select what you want stir fried with the pasta and put it in the small bowl, hand it to the chef, select your pasta and then your sauce; he stir fries your selected ingriedience and plates it. A word of warning 鈥渋t is very hot (temperature) wait at least 3 or four minutes before starting to eat, have a wine while you wait? It is well worth the wait.The staff are very friendly and most do speak enough English to help us non-Spanish speaking guests, and they will help you with any Spanish words that you might ask for!The Lobby bar in the evening does have a guitarist now, but in March it was a keyboard player. He plays every night until 10.00pm and then moves to the Karaoke Bar in the Pueblo Principe. There have been some negative reviews about this guy in recent months, but having taken the time to have a chat I found that this guy is classically trained and has been playing for 25 years. The waitresses at the lobby are very friendly and seem very happy in their work; they are either singing along with the guitarist or dancing as they deliver trays full of drinks. In particular we met Sandra she goes out of her way to help with anything you might want (drinks) and taught us quite a few new Spanish phrases, I'll go as far as saying we enjoyed her company. The Karaoke Bar in the pueblo- it is air conditioned, and on some warm nights after a long day in the sun it was very welcome. The staff at the Bar are very friendly; we had many a late night there. In particular Henry the waiter and the Bar girls Josolina and I鈥檓 afraid I can鈥檛 remember the other girl鈥檚 name? but the drinks were very good, in particular the Cuba Libre, margaritas and the Alexandria鈥檚. When the guitarist finished for night he moved to the bar and played for the girl who I cant remember her name, to sing, What a voice If you find yourself in the Karaoke bar near the end of the night watch out for this, we were impressed by a fantastic voice.It is normal to sign for your drinks at the Pueblo Principe, this includes all bars and the open square tabled area, it does not mean that you will be billed for them; it is the resorts means of controlling stock and diverting resources as required.We have not been to the Casino on either of our visits, so can not comment.PS I thought about purchasing an insulated jug for carrying drinks to the beach, but at the lobby shop they were $39 US. If you have one take it with you, by the time you have carried two drinks from the pool bar to the beach in the plastic cups, there is not much left to drink on the beach. I have seen many North Americans and Canadians make use of these cooler jugs, a wise investment in my opinion.This is a quality resort, the Gardens are very impressive, and noticeably developed and become well established since March. It is totally layed back, total relaxation. Just enjoy the weather, drinks, food and the people. We will definitely be returning for a third time.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tinkers
<Content>definitely plan on returning my family and i have been home now for a week and my 4 year old and i are still sulking. we want to go back. i've read some past reviews and i'm stunned at some of the negativity that i've read. i know everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but WOW! my family and i thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. our flight was good. it was with skyservice, out of toronto. our check-in for our room was handled on the bus, which made it better, rather than waiting in line at the desk. we were greeted with a cocktail and shuttled to our room by a bell boy. the room was clean, spacious, nicely decorated, mind you we didn't have all of those flower petals and towel decorations done, but our mini fridge was filled everyday. fortunately we had gorgeous weather. i was really nervous about that. it rained for about an hour one day and 5 minutes another day.the beach, beautiful. the pools, beautiful. the food, fantastic. the italian was probably our favorite. one of the waiters goes to all of the tables to prepare this amazing appetizer. the staff very welcoming, friendly and hard working. yeah, alot of them don't speak good english, what do you expect though, you're in another country. you have to give them a bit of credit.i can't say much about the evening shows. i have a 4 and a 1 year old, so my husband and i were very limited to what we could do. we didn't mind though, we went to have fun with our kids. i did manage to take my 4 year old to part of an early show and in my opinion, it was a little on the slow side, but it was only one show.overall, we loved this resort and we would recommend it no problem.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Needabreakbad
<Content>The Good and the Bad from an experienced traveler There were a lot of good aspects about this resort but a couple of bad things that would keep me from going back to this resort. My family and I (married couple in 30's with a small child) have traveled to the Riviera Maya, Cozumel  Jamaica and have a good basis for comparison.The rooms: The rooms were very clean  spacious. The tile/furniture/decoration was beautiful. The mini fridge filled each day and the room cleaned. The beds were the most comfortable that I have ever slept in at a hotel. The only problem with the room was the hiddeous smell. I am not talking a little musty. I am used to that with past travel experience. This was a very overpowering odor of raw sewage. It was quite bad, especially when it rained. We also had a problem with the drain in the bathtub, notified the front desk and before we got back to the room it was fixed! We were happily surprised by the quick response. The beach: Very beautiful and spacious with soft sand. You could walk for miles with no one hassling you. The beach had lots of palapas for shade with no problems getting one. The waves were a little rough on the first day, but who cares. It's the ocean. Also, a lot of the women did not wear tops on the beach and at the pool. Just an FYI if that kind of thing bothers you. I could have cared less.The pools: There were two very large pools for standard guests to use. A couple more for those guests who paid extra. The pools were the perfect temperature for me and my family. Not too hot, not too cold. There were towel huts near the pools which never ran out of fresh towels. Also bars near each pool for drinks. A couple problems here. The soda machine was always out, not working properly, or was out of ice. When you could get a soda, it always seemed like it had too much carbonation in it. It didn't taste very good like that. This wouldn't be too bad if it happened once or twice but it was almost everyday. Also, the frozen drinks (pina colada, bahama mama, etc.) were not frozen. They also were not very good. They were far too sweet. They would hardly ever get a blender out and make you a drink. They would just use a machine with the drink already made up which is where I think the problem came in. There were lots of lounge chairs and palapas at the pools, never a problem finding a place in the shade. The pool bars also had bananas set out, which my son enjoyed for a quick snack each day.Food Service: The hotel had a main buffet and several ala carte restaurants. Overall I thought the food was pretty bad. This would be my biggest complaint about the resort. Also, the main buffet had the same odor problem as in the room, except it was constant, not just when it rained. Even worse, they tried to cover it up by burning insence. It was godawful and made your dining experience quite unpleasant!! Breakfast buffet: They had juice, coffee, lots of rolls of varying types, lots of fruit, dry cereals, an omlette station, and hot foods such as eggs, french toast, bacon sometimes, sausages, and other dishes that I did not try because they did not look very good. Luckily I was able to eat the omlettes from the omlette station. I do however, like my eggs well done. If you are like me, watch out for the eggs not being completely cooked on the inside. Several days my omlettes were not cooked all the way on the inside (they were very runny) and I couldn't eat most of it. The rolls, fruit and juices were good. My 2 year old would eat the dry cereal and fruit. He would not drink their milk though. As I mentioned they had other hot dishes that I would not dare try. The eggs were so runny there is no way I would attempt to eat them. I did not try the coffee as it was too hot (even at that early in the morning) to drink a hot liquid. Lunch: For lunch you had a choice of the buffets or a snack bar at the beach. Lunch was probably the worst meal of the day. They had hamburgers at the snack bar at the beach. I took one bite and it was everything I could do to swallow it. I stuck with the roast chicken and pizza at the beach snack bar if they had it. They also had fruits at the beach snack bar that were good. At the buffet they had fruit, lots of breads  rolls, a pasta making station and other hot dishes. Thank god for the pasta station or I would have not had much to eat. The pasta station was good but I got tired of it after a while. Dinner: You had a choice of the buffet or a la cartes. We ate at the italian, steak, and gourmet. The steak was the best with the gourmet being the worst. The cappucinno that they served at the restaurants was very good. At the dinner buffet I had a few good items: cheesecake, pasta from the pasta station (again), grilled shrimp and red snapper. Keep in mind this was over 8 days. We did receive very good service at the restaurants, buffet and bars. The only bad service we had was at the Gourmet restaurant. We waited quite a while to have our order taken, have the wine refilled, etc.Overall the hotel was beautiful, the service good, however the food and drink was just not very good and when you are there 8 days for 3 meals a day the food is a very important part of the trip. That is why I would not return to this resort. I guess you just have to decide what is the most important thing to you and your family and plan accordingly.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>walford
<Content>New Bahia Principe - Great Facility - Needs the Details! Yes, there is a difference! Having been to the 6 Apple rated Secrets Excellence twice before, we decided to to venture into the world of 5 Apples. We've been to DR a half dozen times, at different resorts, but wanted to explore new worlds in addition to taking advantage of special Apple Vacation deals and offers. As you surf all the Punta Cana resorts sites, they all really do look wonderfully alike, with similar palm groved beaches, amenities, all inclusive programs, and facilities. But each and every trip is a learning experience, which will lend to better choices in the future. The facilities, landscaping, and beach are all outstanding at this relatively new resort. The use of stonework and tile everywhere indicate the builders wanted a first class facility. However, as any experienced traveler know, the devil is in the details. Facilities alone will not compensate for average food, poor entertainment, and inexperienced hotel staff, (unresolved issues). The A-La-Carte restaurants served no better quality food than the buffets, and the meats were dry and poorly prepared. While I'm using Secrets Excellence as a compariso, there seems to be more than a single apple difference here.  Unlike many other all inclusives, premium liquors were NOT included, nor was there at least a bottle of local rum in the room to accompany the mini-bar. In researching the resort prior to deciding, this restriction was difficult to discover in the broad and general phrasiology used in marketing. Perhaps I misinterpreted the term local drinks and cocktails included, to mean local drinks and ALL cocktails. Or...some A-La-Carte restaurant restrictions may apply. I'll be more careful next time!! The next trip will also take the size of the resort into consideration. While this may be a matter of personal preference, the need for shuttles due to the expansive property and large number of units detracts greatly from any sense of intimacy or seclusion. The popular trend for resort entertainment is to have an entertainment team facilitate events and games during the day, and to act as the core entertainment at night. Compared to other resorts, the shows were very average and didn't inspire attendance by the guests.  The greatest need at this resort is an area or environment that inspires more dancing. With all the different cultures and ages represented at the resort, I'm sure many guests were looking forward to displaying their talents in the Merengue, Salsa, or even the Lindy. Perhaps a romantic slow dance under the stars was sought. The closest that happened was a few dances in the outside lobby patio, to a single musician playing the keyboard and synthesizer. The disco or late night open air market square didn't facilitate the mood either. While more of my comments seem to be negative, compared to positive, they are not meant to imply I'm overly critical, demanding, or unreasonable. Nor do the mean I didn't have a great time, I did. This resort has tremendous potential, as envisioned by the builders and evidenced by the fine facilities, stonework, landscaping and building details.  My intention is to offer constructive criticism and suggestions to a brand new facility seeking direction, repeat business, and an identity. They are starting to complete in an extremely competitive Punta Cana resort market. My comments are not based on an unreasonable expectation of standards that may not be available in the area. They are and they originate from comparisons made in their own back yard.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise with underlying problems We stayed at the Bahia Principle - Punta Cana, from September 27th - October 10th 2005. Travel agent advised 40 mins transfer from Airport to hotel - took 2hrs, after taking 45mins getting through the airport control, nice after a 9 hour flight. Need to check whether you are flying to La Romana Airport (2hr transfer) or Punta Cana Airport (30-40 mins transfer).Hotel lobby on arrival looked stunning - welcome sight after the long journey. Booking in simple, rooms are excellent - after the long flight Jacussi bath a real tonic. Huge queen size beds!!! Buffet style resaurant a bit same-ish, catering American and Spanish cuisine. Recommend going to le gourmet restaurant - probably the best restaurant on site. Do not go with any preconceived ideas of Japanese, Mexican, Steakhouse or Italian gourmet restaurant - because they are all Domican - ised - not quite what you expect at home. Strange combinations. All though you can find something to eat at all the restaurants.Language barrier a problem - especially when asking for well done steak, or complaining about lumpy mash potatoes!!Swimming pools are well maintained, site and grounds are immaculate, careful when the rain comes - very slippy under foot, especially in flip-flops.We could mention the weather but couldnt be helped take your chance at this time of year. Give our regards to German - pronouced Herman in the main lobby bar. Always a warm welcome and a smile.Do not expect many appearances from your rep. some days only 15mins if you are lucky. If elusive do not be affraid to book your excursion with Dave in the tourist information - very helpfull  friendly speaks very good english. Recommned outback safari to see a bit of Domincan Culture.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>2	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great holiday at a great resort Myself and my boyfriend stayed at this resort from 28th September till 14th October and we had a really really good holiday. The resort is beautiful and extremely clean. The staff are friendly (well most of them, we did find that alot of the staff on the reception desk were quite rude to people who spoke English). We enjoyed the food, although the restaurants far out weight the quality of the buffet. We ate in all but the sea food restaurant and my personal favourite was the French, my partners was the Garden Grill. But all of the restaurants were very good. We didn't enjoy the Japanese but this was due to the fact that we were not sat with any other guests who spoke English and none of the staff did either. So we got asked what we wanted through a series of grunts and the manager even laughed in our faces when we said we were English. We did come across this attitude from a few staff but for the most part the staff were really good with us. The entertainment staff work so hard as well. Most of them speak at least 3 languages and they really do try to make your holiday enjoyable. In partuicular we loved Lewinsky who included us in everything and actually made us feel a part of what is a very Spanish holiday! Try the Spanish lessons too, by the main pool every day, they are a good laugh and a good way to pick up some snippets of the language.We met some great people whilst we were there, in particular Rob and Raquel from Toronto. Meeting these guys really made our holiday. It is more fun if there are more than two of you...if you want to join in things. However, this resort would also make a brilliant honeymoon or wedding resort too.The pools and beach were beautiful and very very clean. The main pool is more lively with entertainment and is always busier than the other two pools. But all are lovely. I would highly recommend the half hour walk down the beach to the local market, its an enjoyable walk along the beautiful sands and the locals are really friendly to you. There are some really good bargains to be had but most of the stalls sell the same things! Ornaments, jewellery, paintings, cigars etc. Well worth it and much much cheaper than buying on the resort. Overall we had a great holiday, I would highly recommend this resort and I think I can safely say that we will be going back!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>entertainment @ Bahia Principe!! entertainment: The dancing in the plaza was so much fun, the dancers would pull you up from your seats and dance with you, even if you had two left feet these people could make you look like you were a pro, not to mention the guys were gorgeous!! The nightly entertainment started at 11pm which was a little late especially since you had to wait for that to finish at 12 to get to the disco/nightclub because that only opened at 12. The nightclub should have been open while the outside entertainment was on because it really wasnt worth watching. If just the house band was on it was okay though because of the dancers. The nightclub was really fun, although i dont think the older people would like it much unless they were really willing to loosen up on the dance floor, and everyone is always dancing! the staff behind the bar were dancing with us while we ordered our drinks! It is an over 18s place but pretty easy to get into if your not. Everyone is very friendly aswell and the dancers from the square are inside aswell so you can ask them to dance too. The Karaoke/ piano bar would have been a little better if more people were willing to sing! and it never began on time!! it suppossedly started @ 9:30pm but it was never on time... it ended @ 11 so everyone sort of moved from there to the square. All the vendors and stores in the sqauare were all open during the night too so if the entertainment wasnt any good you can easily just go shopping! just be careful, the vendors can be very aggressive, but you can haggle the price down!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CherylAnnRD
<Content>Memorable second honeymoon Just returned from our second honeymoon (20 years) and we chose the Bahia Principe. A beautiful resort on the Carribbean it was wonderful! We booked through Apple Tours and this is the second time we traveled with them! Will continue to use them because they are nothing but first class travel!Some things to consider why you should choose this resort:Housekeeping: warm, friendly people, attentive to the job. We got to know them fast and we were treated like royalty. This department is an asset to the resort.Buffets: breakfast and dinner are good. All the food at the beach snack bar was fried so if you want variety go to the main buffet. Don't forget to try the local fare such as banana juice, plantains, mango,Presidente cerveza and the Santa Domingo coffee!Ala cart restaurants: we dined at the Italian and French restaurants. My French dinner was so elegant I had my husband take a picture of it! Wished we had tipped the wait staff but they were so attentive to everyone, hard to keep up to! They deserved it, too.Animation Team: talented, multi-lingual adults who enertained the visitors. Wonderful, funny and very good at their jobs.Guest Services: couldn't do enough for us. Made our stay pleasant. Many thanks to this group.Things you want to try:1. Invest in a Spanish language book and learn a few phrases - it means a lot and the language is beautiful2. Take the 30 minute walk down to the beach vendors and barter for goods. I bought my ceramics there but they don't sell jewelry. 3. Get up and watch the sunrise over the Carribbean!4. Make dinner reservations at the restaurants. You deserve to be wined and dined while vacationing!Note to Tracy Grier-Cossaboon from Royal Travel. Thank you for mentioning Punta Cana. You are a wonderful travel agent. Can hardly wait for you to see the pictures!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lots of rain that did not stop. There are five of us we arrived full of holiday hope then the rain came we still went in the pool. The hotel is fantastic the staff are great not alot of english spoken but they will try the service was great evan in all that rain the entertainment staff are great the lobby bar fab. we had a good holiday if it had not rained. the only bad thing was are rep he did not realy inform us well enough about our delay we had. he all so never came clean about the weather he said it was going to be nice we only had two full days of sun it rained every day most of the day. very damp.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dasha_that_is
<Content>Great place for a couple on honeymoon       Beach 1  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>giselle1975
<Content>In paradise!       the pool  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lost for Words Myself, wife and three kids have just returned from the Bahia Principe, Sept 22nd until Oct 6th. I had read so many bad reports about the hotel, so we expected to rough it a bit when we arrived but what a shock it was amazing, we could not find any fault.The resort was spotless, and the food out of this world, the staff so friendly they couldnt do enough for you, ill be booking up next year.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sprocak
<Content>Fantastic Vacation from beginning to end!! We have been to five all inclusive resorts in the last three years, all of them four and five stars. We have enjoyed all of the other resorts but this resort stands top of the list.We found the service at this resort to be incredible.At the time of registration I said that this was a birthday present to my husband. When we got to the room there was a present (tee-shirt and bottle of Rum) in the room for him. On our last night of our vacation we had dinner in one of the ala cartes and he was presented with a birthday cake and champagne.The food was very good. I have a very sensitive stomach and I was not sick all week. By the end of the week we had to give up eating breakfast because we were full all the time. If you fly with Sunquest you get an extra night at one of the six a la cartes.Our room was large and very comfortable with a king size bed and couch and table and chairs. The bathroom was elegant and the jacuzzi tub was nice to sink into.There are three pools all with swim up bars. They are all huge and the water is very warm. Two of them have easy walk in access which is very nice to just to sit on in the hot afternoon sun.I have to say that the beach was just beautiful. There are row after row of palapas for shade, lots of lounge chairs so you can have one in the shade and one in the sun. You can walk for miles on the beach which is another great feature.Although we didn't go to any night time activities we heard there were lots to chose from. Two shows and a disco and a casino.My husband and I had an wonderful vacation and would highly recommend this resort to anyone. We will certainly be going back and taking our friends.Should you need any more info you can email me.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>julie2277
<Content>Wonderful, exceeded expectations!       Ship Wreck  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What an awesome place This was an excellent vacation. The resort is very clean and everyone is extremely friendly. The food was excellent and had a lot of variety. It was difficult for some people to communicate though, due to the fact that the staff spoke very little English. Luckily for us we could speak Italian and so we were able to get by as the staff could understand us. The night time shows need much work and as we attempted to sit and watch them in the audience, the staff would pick us out and ask us to participate. That was the only dissapointment of this vacation. The pools and beach are very very clean. The resort was well maintained and beautiful. There was always someone saying hello and smiling at us. This is an excellent place to stay and highly recommended.:)  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A true Paradise       Our pool  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>more than paradise we like to write a little note about this resort. we stayed for 3 weeks here and it was perfect and more. all is well, service ,food , drinks, the people who work there . very friendly people , the room is very clean with a minibar, the pools at the resort are very beautiful, and the beach is clean and a very good place to be. so when someone wants to go to the Dominican Republic ..... GO TO BAHIA PRINCIPE it is a great pleasure to stay in this hotel and when there is a next time to come we will surtainly do  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cancuninjune
<Content>Sept 17th - 24th Bahia Principe is Beautiful       Watch out..these fall down  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you look hard enough on this review site you'll find complaints.......BUT !! If you look hard enough on this review site you'll find complaints.......But Please!!!! Take no notice... this hotel is fabulous !! Spotlessley clean, meticulous in every detail and the staff are wonderful. I saw a few bad reports, that my husband found, before we went, and I worried about it right up until we arrived. For example, the swamp is a part of the resort which is dedicated to wildlife preservation and yes, there is building work next door but we never saw, heard, or were troubled, by any of it... not a problem at all ! I really shouldn't have stressed myself... I had a fabulous time... best ever! So good, we tried to stay an extra few nights but couldn't get a flight that suited our schedule, but instead of staying 14 nights next time, I will be staying at least 21 nights. All I will say is that the long trousers rule for gents the a la carte restaurants is open to interpretation by whomever is on the door on the night, so play it safe and wear ankle length trousers and a decent shirt. Try not to wear trainers though, because it does let the side down. If you're going (or thinking of going) have a fabulous time and remember me to Maribella at the bar in the Main Reception are. She's a hoot! Enjoy !!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PCtraveler
<Content>It all comes down to what you are looking for       fresh fruits @ main buffet  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PMW32
<Content>Lovely hotel We stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks from 25th August. We found the hotel to be well worth a 4/5 star rating. The hotel and grounds were immaculate and all the staff work very hard. The language barrier was a problem occasionally but we managed to get by. The food in the buffet was well varied and of good standard. Our favourite restaurant was the Italian. Now the moans! The entertainment in the evenings was very boring although the animation team work hard to try and vary the shows. The music is mainly Spanish. There is a chap in the lobby bar every night singing the same songs - mostly in Spanish. In the square where all the action is supposed to be there is a band every night - singing in Spanish (but good if you want to salsa!). Around the pool the same records are played every day - in Spanish! Don't expect any reggae! My daughter and her friend (both aged 16) got very bored in the evenings as entry to the disco is for over 18's only and they are very strict on this, so there was nothing left for them to do.I would say that this is hotel is good for families with young children or couples. I am happy to answer any questions by email.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best hotel ever!!!!!       the beautiful decoration of the towels with real hibiscus flowers!!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort - Nothing to do My wife and I are both in our mid 30's. We were looking for a great deal to a warm place to get away from the Connecticut Winter. We booked a week at Bahia Principe in Punta Cana for $800 per person all inclusive including a direct flight from Hartford. The airport was as expected (non air conditioned all open air which as kind of neat). The Apple Vaction busses were waiting in the parking lot and took us right to our hotel. Everyone on the bus was very impressed as we pulled into the Bahia Principe. . . all lit up with a huge main building. We were imediately given a room and driven directly to it on a little caboose train thing pulled by a little truck (they run arouns the entire resort 24 hours a day and you just jump on one). Room: was excellent - Brand new and marble everywhere. Comfortable bed, A/C, TV, jaccuzzi tub, wood closets, little outdoor patio, stocked fridge. Our only complaint with the room is that they never gave us enough bottled water! They told us not to drink the tap water but only gave us two bottle of water a day! Sure they gave us a couple of beers and sodas but we really needed more water. We told the cleaning lady (very nice) that we wanted more water but she said someone else comes to refill that and she would tell them... the message never get to them.Service: Some people said the service wasn't that good but I think a lot of it was language barrier. . . if you're used to going to resorts where the entire staff speaks fluent English then you'll be in for a surprise. It was actually a lot of fun trying to speak a little spanish (until they think you're fluent and ramble off a whole sentence and you look at them dazed).Resort: 3 great pools. 2 away from the ocean and one right at the ocean. my wife and I love the ocean but it was very windy every day we were there and I think it's that way in the winter all the time. It was too windy to lay on the beach...you would get pelted by sand. The ocean was of course to rough to swim in so the free non motorized water sports were useless. It's too bad because the beach was gorgeous ... nice white sand and aqua water. The pool at the beach and one of the inland pools played music and had an activities person (arranging pool games, pool arobics, getting people to have fun). We were in for a relaxing time so we went to the pool with no music and just vegged out. It was wierd wether, sunny one minute and tropical rain the next, you get used to popping up and huttling under the pool straw umbrellas. The pools weren't heated but they were warm enough for swimming. The pool bars serve free drinks (beer, wine  mixed frozen drinks) all day. I have to admit, i couldn't swim past the bar without getting a drink every time.Food: There are about 5 sit down restaurants that you must make a reservation for. Our package included 3 nights at our choice of any of the sit down restaurants (Italian, Japanese, Seafood, Mexican, French Gourmet). We did the seafood twice and the gourmet once. We really liked the seafood restaurent but didn't care for the Gourmet. . . a lot of presentation but the food (-)... we actually walked out and went to the buffet restaurant and had a great meal. You can't go wrong with the buffet. hey have a huge variety of food which usually includes a carving station (Roast Beef, Pork or Turkey). I gained 10 pounds with the dessert table alone. The buffet is also where you eat lunch (there's a small buffet at the beach bar for lunch but it's no where as nice at the main buffet). I had absolutely no complaints about the food (note: my wife is a very finick eater and she found something she liked every night).Entertainment: This is probably the biggest problem. The island is 3rd world so you really don't want to venture off grounds (shanty towns on the way in were a little sad - feel bad going on vacation when you see how they live). The resort has a huge theater/play house with nightly entertainment. It was fun the first couple of nights and the entertainers tried there best but it really got old quick (the kids seemed to love it). The casino (if you can call it that) is in the little town bordering the resort which has stores and a piano bar and some outdoor entertainment. The casino was awful. Maybe three table games (blackjack) and 15 or so slots machines. Unfortunately, the slot machines were all labeled in spanish so I couldn't even figure out how to play. The help at the casino was bad - not a very nice atmosphere. We stayed for about 20 minutes and never went back to it. There is a dance bar in the same little town that we tried to go to after dinner in the hopes of dancing off some calories but it didn't open until Midnight! Now I realize we're getting older but after drinking all day at the pool and eating a big meal I don't think I saw midnight once!Summary: It was the best vacation deal we've ever had for the money and I would highly reccomend it but for a shorter stay. A long 4 day weekend would be ideal...anything after that and you'll be a little bored. Maybe it would be better with a big group of people?  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ecokenny
<Content>Should give 10/10 for Bahia's effort to make our vacation dreams come true. Me and my girlfriend had just got off the plane back from Bahia Principe, Punta Cana, despite the fact that it was delayed for two and a half hour departing from Punta Cana. It had been an amazing 1 week vacation for both of us, and I am still so excited and have to write this review before I can fall asleep tonight.We originated from Toronto, Canada. We took the Sept 4 Air Transat flight to Punta Cana. It was a smooth flight and the weather was great at Punta Cana when we arrived. We were soon greeted with enthusiastic entertainers and pictures were taken with the beautiful ladies (pictures will be available for pick up when you depart Punta Cana at the airport a week later). We had no trouble at finding our transfer bus to the resort and we were provided room keys and all the introductory documents on our way to the resort. After 1/2 hour of bumpy ride, we arrived at the resort at 5:10 which was an hour after our flight landed at Punta Cana airport. We were taken by the transfer shuttle straight from the bus to our room which was the villa right by the beach. (Villa #20)**RoomRoom is very well maintained and prepared upon arrival, thanks to our maid, Xiomara. The resort provided a complete made-up every morning for our room and a different maid came back to provide turndown service which included making up our bed, change of wet beach towels and washroom towels at around 7pm. We normally tipped the maids twice a day because they were two different maids working the morning and the evening shifts. I mean, these were people working so hard and trying make our vacation dreams come true. Extra $1 a day ($7 a week) would not only make your maid happy, but the room more tidy and comfortable.Remember to put up a DO NOT DISTURB sign when you are in the room as we ran into situation we were changing in the room and the maid just entered our room right after she knocked on the door once. So if you don't want any embrassing moments...keep the sign up.**FoodBuffet had large selection and we met a number of good and enthusiastic staff who treated us very well every time we went there. The hostress Romerys was genuine and friendly; the tall waiter Wellington was very attentive and service oriented; the supervisor in black suit named Sorano was funny and would go up to ask every table how was the service. We tried to eat the more common dishes and the ones we saw the chef cooking right in front just to avoid getting sick as a precautionary.We had chosen French, Italian, Grill and Seafood. We like them all, however the service at the Grill was terrible. The waiter was rushing, taken wrong order, presented the entrees before the soups were brought up. We ended up tipping the busboys rather than tipping the waiter as the busboys helped us more frequent than our actual waiter.**ShoppingLobby shop was a rip off. Even the village next to the hotel lobby was way cheaper, and it was just 2 minutes away from the lobby. We found that the people who carried their products on the carts were very annoying. They would approach us pretended to be very friendly with us. But after 3, 4, 5, 6.....people trying to approach us, we started to ignored them and just walked straight. Other option would be walking to the beach village which was 35-40 mins walk from Bahia (walk to the right when you are on the beach facing the ocean) They had much more selection and you would have much more bargaining power. Don't be afraid to walk away as most of the stores carry somewhat identical products. Storekeepers would chase you back. Or even if they don't chase you back, you may be able to find a lower price at a different store which happened on us. We bought 14 medium size mini-bus for $20.00 when they first told us it would cost us $4 each. Strategy is whatever they offer you, you divide the price by 4 (ie. if they offer $20, you return them $5 ), and you should be able to end up at $7-$9. After shopping we decided to walk back to the resort because it was such a wonderful day. Otherwise you can take the water-taxi that costs between $5-$15 depending on the distance that you are travelling. **ActivitiesIf you are activity-minded, this may not be the best hotel for you. Bahia had just enough activities to get you moving. From dancing at the pool, exercises, bingo to nightly entertainment. However, we were looking into a more relaxing time where we rather sat on the beach whole day enjoying the sun. Therefore, the short of activities wasn't a main concern for us.**ExcursionWe only took the Marnarium (I might have spelt incorrectly) which was the one that we swam in the middle of the sea looking at the corals, then we entered a net to swim with the rays and sharks....and finally they dumped us into the middle of the sea which they called a natural beach that is 4 feet deep of water and they served us rum and Coco Locos. It was fun and money well spent. ($72.00 us)**OverallIt was overall a vacation that was beyond our expectation. What actually amazed me was the energy, enthusiasm and service-oriented mindsets of all the great workers. Every time before the restaurants were opened, no matter it was buffet, snack bar or the formal restaurants, no matter it was breakfast, lunch or dinner; all the staff gathered and had huddles from management for 15-20 mins. I personally didn't know what they talked about, but whatever they talked about was powerful enough drive the staff to improve customer satisfaction, ensuring every customer is a happy customer, no matter we tip them or not at the end of our dinning experiences. I believe the Spanish management had applied the right strategies in making this resort a successful one. Only reason I can say for those who weren't satisfied with Bahia Principe was that they valued things differently from the rest of us who had nothing but good things to say about Bahia. We met a couple at the resort which they were not happy because the beach is far from the room, the restaurants were too spread out....However for us, we liked things spread apart, we liked quiet resort.....I mean people could have done some more research before they chose a resort that is right for them. Selecting the vacation resort isn't as simple as buying a tomato from the supermarket which you don't like it you can just throw it away. If you don't like your resort, you are stuck for a week. Frankly, this TripAdvisor website helped us to choose the right vacation resorts for the last two summers and the summers to come. Good luck people!! :)  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pixiedust_charm
<Content>Beautiful Resort but Wouldn't Return My boyfriend and I visited the Bahia Principe September 2- September 9, 2005. This was our first trip to the Dominican Republic and our first time at an all-inclusive resort. We're both 27 years old and we booked through Apple Vacations. FLIGHT:Our charter flight through USA 3000 was excellent. Our flights left on time and arrived early! The planes were clean and obviously new with very nice flight crew.PUNTA CANA AIRPORT:The Punta Cana airport was easy to navigate and straightforward because it's so small. We followed the flow of people and easily found where to purchase the tourist card ($10 per person) and passed through immigration/customs. Our luggage was waiting on the carousel and then we checked in at the Apple desk to get our bus assignment. The bus from the airport was clean and well air conditioned. It took about 30 mins to get to the resort with no other stops.CHECK-IN:Check-in was quick and easy. We arrived at the resort at 10:45am and were in our room by about 11:30am. I didn't feel well from the flight and explained this to the front desk and they were luckily able to check us in early. I tipped the front desk $10 for accomodating our request.ROOM:We were in a first floor room with a king size bed in Villa 8. It was in the Club Golden Principe section and was a 5 min walk to the beach and main pool and about 10 mins to the lobby. The room was spacious and very clean. The king size bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was beautiful. We loved the tub and the air conditioning worked very well in the room. The maids were very good and granted requests in spanish (extra towels, pillows etc.) We tipped daily for their hard work. We rented the safe for $30 for the week.BUGS:Unfortunately we found many bugs in our room. We found mostly centipedes and smallish spiders and figured they were coming under the door. We solved this problem easily by blocking the gap between the door and the threshold with a towel. There were a few mosquitos around the resort and I was bit most frequently in the lobby area. The second night of the trip we returned from dinner to find a huge spider in our room. I wish I had got a picture but I didn't want to get too close!! The spider was approximately 4 inches in diameter and had the biggest legs. We trapped it under a trach can and called the front desk. They responded about 20 mins later and the employee disposed of it and searched the entire room as well as sprayed insecticide. The employee was great but he didn't speak English so brush up on your Spanish and bring along your Spanish dictionary.BEACH/POOLS:The beach was beautiful, nice white sand and clear water. The water was calm and swimmable while we were there. There was some seaweed in the water but it wasn't enough to bother us. There were many chairs and palapas...I'd save one around 8-8:30 each morning before breakfast. The resort wasn't very busy so finding shade wasn't hard. I loved the pools. They were large and nicely maintained. The pools closest to the beach are definitely busier with loud activities most of the day. As others have said the pools in the middle of the resort are somewhat quieter. Each pool has a swim-up bar. FOOD:This was our first all-inclusive experience and we were very disappointed with the food. We found the food to be of good quality but monotonous and not particularly good. The food was plentiful in the main buffet and we had breakfast there most days. We usually ate at one of the beach snack bars for lunch (Las Olas and Piscis), the main buffet and the specialty restaurants at night. The Mexican Restaurant was ok- I wouldn't recommend it. We enjoyed our meal at the Italian restaurant and the Garden Grill (bbq chicken was excellent but very small!) Overall we found the food to be ok- we didn't starve but I did lose four pounds during our week stay. It was disappointing to not look forward to meal times and by day 4 we were very sick of the food.SICKNESS:Overall I felt fine and didn't hear complaints from any other guests. My boyfriend experienced regular diarrhea which was unpleasant but with Immodium AD did not prevent him from enjoying the vacation. The resort is great at providing clean purified drinking water in your room and at the bars.SERVICE:We found service to be good to excellent and most employees were very helpful. They did not expect tips and did their best to communicate. LANGUAGE:Some employees speak some English but it was easier to communicate in Spanish. Look over some Spanish travel phrases and bring a small dictionary with you. TOURS:We did the Marinarium snorkeling trip. The bus picked us up at the resort at 12:45pm and it took about 30 mins to reach the boat. The tour was $72 US per person. It was a nice tour and included snorkeling with nurse sharks and Atlantic Rays, swimming in a natural pool, and the narrated boat cruise. The guide was excellent and she asked which languages everyone spoke at the beginning and everything was in English, Spanish, and French from then on. We arrived back at the resort at 6pm.ENTERTAINMENT:We watched portions of a few shows but didn't find them very interesting. There are activities on the beach and at the main pool for most of the day. We prefer reading and relaxing on the beach so we didn't participate in the activities.SHOPPING:As others have mentioned shopping at the resort is very pricey. Pack all of the things you might need or you'll have to pay the absurd resort prices. Souveniers were also surprisingly expensive in the Pueble Principe area. We did not make any purchases but I would try to barter if you see something you really like!SUMMARY:The Gran Bahia Principe is a beautiful resort with amazing facilities. Good food is an important part of vacationing for us and the lack of good choices was very disappointing, hence the low rating. My boyfriend's sickness also contributed to the low rating. He's traveled extensively in Europe and Mexico and has never had a problem like this. He consumed very little alcohol, no unpurified water, and washed his hands regularly. I'd be glad to answer questions or provide additional information for anyone considering this resort or travel to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Resort The Gran Bahia Principe is a perfect paradise.The staff , the hotel , the weather, the beach everything is perfect.Loved Bahia Principe.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolute Paradise My husband and I have just returned from a one week vacation at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana. This resort has been the best place we have been yet. It is definately a most impressive place, from the minute you turn into the entrance until you get to the beach. We were very fortunate to get a room in a villa close to both the beach pool and the beach. Our room was immaculate, very clean and spacious.My husband fell in love with the jacuzzi tub and I appreciated the little coffee maker in the room. Our mini bar was always well stocked with sodas, beer and water. In addition there were always packets of coffee, creamer, sugar and Splenda. The nightly turn-down service was a real plus too, not only was the bed turned down with little chocolates on the pillows but our towels were replenished if they needed to be and everything was straightened up again. (Remember, this was in addition to the daily maid service)The restaurants were all good, I personally liked the French restaurant the best. Breakfast and lunch was always good with lots of choices. Our only complaint (and this is our only complaint) was the pastries needed a little help at times. The pools and beach were beautiful, but do try to go out and put your towels on chairs before breakfast as the chairs become occupied very quickly. The lobby bar was the best place, in our opinion, to go after dinner. There were plenty of tables and chairs and the service was excellent as were the drinks.The people that worked at the resort were very friendly, and always wanted to do their best to make your stay a great one. It would help to know a little Spanish, to better communicate. I would definately go back there again, but next time we will stay a few extra days.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ignore any bad press- this place is amazing!!!!!!!! We went on the 27th July for a fortnight. We stayed at the Moon Palace in Mexico for our honeymoon 2 years previous, and we can honestly say this holiday rivalled that.The service was 1st class, we have never met friendlier or more helpful people, whether you tip or not.The food was very varied, there was always something for everyone in the buffet. All a la carte restaurants were good, but our favourite was the French restaurants- we went 3 times. We have been to Raymond Blanc's French restaurant in Manchester and Bahia Pricipe's French restaurants were far better. Service in all restaurants in the resort in unlike any we have seen- never once was a glass needing refilled or a plate left on your return from the buffet next course. We did have upset tums but this is to be expected with the change in cuisine.The location and scenery were beautiful, and the resort stunning and extremely clean. Pools were lovely and staff fantastic. Larissa at the Flamboyan pool was fantastic. Rooms were beautiful, very clean no problems whatsoever, check in easy. Overall we could not fault this hotel in any way and are always amazed that some people have anything negative to say about it!!! We are used to 4 and 5 star holidays and this is the best holiday we have had.The only thing I can advise- and this is nothing to do with the hotel- is ignore the rep's advice that Saona island/Italian village trip is 1 and a half hours away by bus each way- its 3 each way- we spent 6 hours on a bus on our second last day and I have written to First Choice about her misinformation.We would return to this hotel in a minute.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best every I have just returned from the BAHIA PRINCIPE . Iam a travel agent ! I also had (10) guest with us. They all were very HAPPY . I have stayed a (9) different hotels in Punta Cana.But FOR SOME OF THE GUEST IT WAS THE FIRST TIME OR SECOND TIME. THEY ALL SAID THEY COLUD SPEND A WEEK THEIR AND NEVER GET TRIED OF THE RESORT. This hotel was the best .....The help was very nice and exceptional caring.At all the others HOTELS if you tiped them things would be fine. They always had their hand out. But not @ the BAHIA PRINCIPE. They entire staff was marvelous.The pool ares were immacluate, they were cleaned evey 15 mins. They had know glass around pool or beach are so know could get hurt. The bars plent and no sour fruit smells. Three lobbys and each and every one had some type of enterainment every night. Very large hotel (5)pools and (5) swim up bars.They also had tran cars picking you up every (5)mins. to go eat or just to take you around the HOTEL. The beach was even clean know cigaretts butts around. You could eat off of the floors in the BUFFET . Plenty of bathrooms. And every one was clean all the time. Plenty of RESTAURANT AND PLENTY OF BUFFETS. I could not say enough about the BAHIA PRINCIPE RESORT. When I read some of the reviews before I left I was a little nervous. But beleive me YOU WILL NOT FIND A PERSON AS PERSNICKERY AND DIFFICULT TO PLEASE THAN MY SELF. And I had Know real complaint. So if you negative remarks just pass them by.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Good  My boyfriend  I (in our mid twenties) stayed at the Bahia Principe - we literally just got back and I wanted to write a review right away to give as much detail as possible.We booked through itravel 2000 and were given a room under the Club Hacienda package. The only real benefit with this package was the private pool and access to the Italian restaurant for breakfast  lunch (which I highly recommend since the main buffet is completely packed at those times).To start off the hotel is beautiful, extremely clean (I never saw a piece of garbage the entire week),  I would say it is almost up to par with other 5* resorts (this could also be because it's brand new and has some kinks to overcome).CHECK IN: A bit chaotic, not as organized as I would have expected for a 5*. It was a bunch of people in one room trying to get all of their necessary info from maybe 2 or 3 employees. Anyways that all worked out so it's nothing to complain about.ROOM: The room was great, nice big COMFY king size bed. The bathroom was great!! Huge bathtub and marble counters - very nice! Tip the cleaning lady $1/$2 a day and she'll clean it sometimes twice a day, but usually only once.FOOD: I didn't go expecting too much but I was a bit dissapointed. We only ate at the buffet for dinner once because we thought it was pretty bad. The other 6 nights we ate at the A La Carte Restaurants (we were only allowed 4 dinners but if you ask you shall receive - slip the restaurant manager a few bucks - that usually guarantees it). This food was a bit better but by the end of the week I couldn't wait to eat back home. The best restaurants were the Italian, Grill, French,  Japanese.Tips where to eat: Italian restaurant for breakfast  pisces bar (by the main pool - burgers/fries/pasta/hot dogs) for lunch.POOL: Awesome! The Hacienda pool is very relaxing. If you want more of a party pool go to the main pool by the beach (but be warned most of the activities are in Spanish so if you don't understand it you'll be out of luck).BEACH: Beautiful! The sand is white, and the water is almost a clear green. Some days were better then others but generally the water was very nice. It's warm and there's not too much seaweed. I would have to say the beach is nicer in the Bamahas (where I was on my last trip). Also there is always plenty of beach chairs available.LANGUAGE BARRIER: This was a bit tricky since a lot of the employees could not speak english, however if you're good at sherades you'll do fine. Some do speak a little english which made things easier. Also, be warned that approx. 95% of the guests are Spanish speaking so don't be alarmed if you go a few days without hearing English. In spite of this we still managed to meet some awesome people from Toronto (at least 8-10 people).SHOPPING: You can do a lot of this at Pueblo Principe (the little shopping/entertainment district) attached to the resort. It's decent, same little nic nacs you will find anywhere else. You have to haggle with them for a bit but once you threaten to walk away they'll give you the deal you're looking for. We went into town to buy cigars, make sure you go to a reputable store (talk to your tour rep to see which ones are) but don't buy them on the resort (they're all stale).ENTERTAINMENT: Not really existent at this resort. The shows at night are pretty bad so we mostly skipped out on them. We would usually go to the lobby bar at night (which was actually pretty good) and then head over to Pueblo Principe - we checked out the disco a few times but it's really not all that great. Anyways by midnight we were so exhausted by being in the sun all day we were ready to pass out.EXCURSIONS: The only day excursion we went on was Tropical Storm - it was amazing, totally worth the $80. Snorkelling near shorks was great, and the natural swimming pool was beautiful, the crew was hilarious, the entire day was just great. I also heard Bavaro Runners was a great trip.All in all, the resort was fabulous. The service is impecable (the only thing I had to complain about was the beach towel service, we were supposed to get them in our hotel room each day but this never happened, it was a bit of going back and forth with front desk. However after a few phone calls the problem was solved). If we ever reported a problem, it was fixed instantly, and then someone would call 5 minutes later to make sure everything was perfect. The only reason I wouldn't go back would be because of the lack of English speaking guests. After a few days of only being able to speak to each other, my boyfriend  I were hoping to meet some people to chat or hang out with, luckily we did but it wasn't easy.Quick Tips: Bring LOTS of $1 dollar bills for tipping (I think we brought about 60 and used them all), I would stay away from the seafood (I know 4 people who got sick from it),  bring tons of sun screen (the sun is ridiculously strong and they charge $25 USD for a bottle). Also most of the restaurants are open for lunch, make sure you check them out.Ok, that's it for now - enjoy your trip!! You'll have a great time.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ignore the negative reviews My wife and I just came back from Bahia Principe Punta Cana and had a wonderful time. This is our 4th trip to the Dominican Republic and this was one of the best hotels we have stayed at in Punta Cana. The hotel was immaculate even the bathrooms by the pool were spotless. The rooms have all marble showers and jacuzzi baths. The food was ok, the food in the Dominican tastes different from what were used to but that is part of the experience. We stayed eight days and ate at the Mexican twice,steak twice,and once at the French and Japanese. They were all great. We usually only eat the buffet for breakfast and lunch. You only have 3 ala carte dinners, but we ate 6. All you do is discreetly hand the host a couple of dollars and he will get you in. The booze is domestic only so don't expect alot. They do have so name brands at certain bars examples: tangeray gin, dewars and johnny walker red label scotch whiskey, absolute vodka. The disco and piano bar is in the marketplace and you have to sign for drinks and give them your room number. They give you the receipt to sign with the price, don't worry you will not be charged, it is included, in fact you do not even give them a credit card at check-in. The main pool bar was awesome,in fact we never even went to the other pools because the main pool was so busy. One word of advise, take a hundred dollar bills with you and tip a dollar here and there, we always do, dominicans are great hard workers and a dollar is almost half a days wage. You will be treated great and remembered also. The beach was awesome soft white powder sand and agua blue water. They have so many bars: beach,lobby, snack huts, 3 pool bars, piano,disco and more. The grounds are immaculately trimmed with palms everywhere. We had no problem with bugs at all, we never got bit once. Bring lots of suntan lotion,and apply several times throughout the day. WE did 2 excursions 1) 4 wheeling,horseback riding 1/2 day-it was really cool 2)i got resort certified to scuba dive inside the ship out on the reef-unbelievable insiide the engine and prop room. We met people from all over. The majority of the people were from spain and spoke no english.I keep reading reviews about how annoyed people are with the language barrier. Well you are in a spanish speaking country. These are the same people that get upset when people come to the US and don't speak english. I took one year of spanish 15 years ago in school which I forgot everything and I still get by with a couple words and hand gestures. I think it is fun and adds to your experience of being in a foreign country. The shows at night are really hard to watch, but who goes to watch the shows. Overall the resort is spectaculiar and if you can't have fun here stay at home because you will never have fun anywhere then.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>anonymous1
<Content>The most wonderful place on earth! We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana in July, from 18th of July until 28th. It was our honeymoon, and we were more than happy there! The resort is absolutely fantastic! It has 3 pools, a wonderful beach, lots of a-la-carte restaurants and the most amazing lobby bar ever. We loved the French restaurant and the Japanese one, and of course, the buffet Orchidea it has a lot of good food, for everyone. The service was great, and our room was near the beach (we stayed in the golden club section) and it was cleaned 2 or 3 times per day. We had Jacuzzi in our room, and a great bed, and the room was absolutely huge! We will certainly go back there in the next few years; we are very far away from Dominican Republic (totally 12 hours of flight), and I do not like the planes but for this resort I would certainly resist to another flight! GO THERE! We can not explain you enough how wonderful is that place.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decide what is important to you Ok, a bit of background: My husband and I travelled to the resort from Aug 17th - Aug 31st for our honeymoon; we're both 23; neither of us had gone all-inclusive before; and neither of us have visited the Caribbean before.A quick word about the flight: we travelled Star Class Premier with First Choice, the upgrade costing 拢200 each (I think the price varies depending which airport you fly from). In my opinion, it was money well spent. The seats are very comfortable, plenty of leg room, free drinks and snacks (although they do limit how much alcohol you can have - not that this was a problem!) and all the movies and games for free (people travelling Star Class have to pay a 拢5 upgrade for certain movies and games). You get provided with a blanket and a little pack including toothbrush and toothpaste. The meals were lovely, the stewardesses were nice - no complaints at all.FOOD: We ate at the buffet restaurant, Japanese, Seafood, Italian, Mexican and Gourmet. Buffet: I think the buffet is big enough for everyone to find something they like. I generally ate rice and pasta for my evening meal, as I didn't want to risk eating any meat. Use your common sense for the buffet - if the food looks like it's been stood out for too long, don't touch it. Japanese: We ate here twice. The first time was awful, as the chef (who cooks in front of you) put far too much salt on our food. Yuk. The second time was much better and the food was very nice.Seafood: I didn't like this. I chose Salmon for my main course and when it came the fish was warm, not hot. I asked the waiter about this who couldn't understand what I was saying. He brought over a waitress who partially understood what I was saying and got me another meal - which was slightly hotter, but not great. I left most of it.Italian: By far the best, hot, tasty food, happy staff.Mexican: Vegetable Soup for starter...with a big lump of meat on the bone in it (!). Lukewarm chicken in my tacos = I left most of it. Gourmet: Nice, hot food, portions were abit small (i.e. 2 pieces of raviolli for the main course.)The snack bar serves burgers, hotdogs, onion rings, rice, and salad. Again - use your common sense - I stuck to vegetarian food and was fine. If food is a big deal for you, I'd recommend somewhere else. The restaurants try to be too fancy, serving 'wonderful' things like White Chocolate Soup (yes, you read that right) - they'd be better sticking to simple dishes and concentrating on the quality.POOL AND BEACH: Pool - Our closest pool was in the centre of the resort (not the one by the beach). We were at the pool for about 8am/8.30am and found no problems getting a sunbed. The pool was acceptably clean. My one major criticism was the music played by the pool - it starts at about 10am and is played all day, so if you like peace and quiet, you'll be disappointed. The same music was played each day, so much so that you could literally set your watch by it. Very very repeptitive!! If you have an MP3 player or personal CD player, I'd recommend you bring it! The pool aerobics is a joke and the activities are in Spanish with the odd bit of broken English - if you like getting involved, again, you might be disappointed. Beach - Get to the beach no later than 8.30am if you want a sunbed with shade. The sea is warm and clean, the sand is light golden and clean. Clay pots are positioned around the beach for use as ashtrays so there were hardly any cigarette butts on the sand. Music is played, so again, if you like peace and quiet....ROOM: No complaints with the room. Tipped the maid $1 each day and got towel art done for us. Air-con worked fine; big, comfy bed. The TV stations are a mixture of Spanish and American networks.MISC: The language barrier that has been mentioned several times on trip advisor does exist. My husband asked a waiter for an extra plate and he didn't understand. I asked a different waiter for a brandy coffee and received a glass of liquer that wasn't brandy...no coffee at all. The staff's English is fine for odd words (with the exception of the maids who spoke no English), but if you need to communicate in a lengthy sentence, good luck (although some of the reception staff are quite proficient).I didn't have a problem with mosquitoes. I normally get eaten alive, so was pleasently surprised with 4 bites in 2 weeks (I did use repellent in the evening). The grounds are well maintained and a few problems that we had (safe was locked on arrival, toilet got blocked) were understood and dealt with swiftly. Oh yes, the safe is obviously a necessity but you pay $70 for the privilege (non-refundable charge), so ensure you budget for that. The shows are boring, it's a 'get people up from the audience' thing. The disco is ok. An annoying and repetitive singer is in the lobby most nights. Nightlife is generally non-existent. If nightlife is important to you - go elsewhere. The cocktails are like slush-puppies with a dash of rum in them and made me feel like I'd taken a heavy sedative (i.e. had to go to bed at 7pm after drinking one and slept right through...weird!). Ladies, don't bother bringing your hair straightners, the voltage in the rooms is too low to power them. Same for our small CD player.Despite the negatives in my reveiw, I'm glad we chose the Gran Bahia. The things that were important to us were there, so we were pleased. If you have any questions, feel free to e-mail me.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aangeles
<Content>THE REAL REVIEW ON BAHIA PRINCIPE. PUNTA CANA ATTENTION ALL NORTH AMERICANS TO BAHIA PRINCIPE , PUNTA CANAHOTEL: The hotel was immaculate. The rooms were kept clean constantly. The villas are grouped primarily into 3 areas. One villa close to the main lobby and main restaurant. Second Villa in the middle , and the third villa closer to the ocean. Take your pick. I found the middle villa more central . Trams are available.FOOD: Food is what is expected.Don't expect too much. Italian and Steak house is good. Mexican and Seafood sucks. Try Bahama mama, pina colada and coco loco for mixed drinks.CROWD: Because it is Spanish owned, do not expect any thank you, welcome, good morning and excuse me. That is not the crowd's style. If you dont care to mingle, then you will be okay. Mostly Portuguese and Spaniard crowd. Check with your travel agent when Canadians and Americans are going to be there and what timeframe.POOL AND OCEAN: All villas have a pool each. The main pool where all the music and entertainment is closest to the ocean. Pools were clean and warm. Ocean was okay, not the clear, sand is white. Make sure to bring your own unique beach towels to reserve seats by the pool and ocean. Best to this at 7 AM , then have breakfast and come back. They have water aerobics, dance lessons, and water polo occur every day at the main pool , dancing to the music. ENTERTAINMENT: Entertainment is catered to families, not teenagers. There are shows . casinos and night club close by. Main lobby has musicians playing every night where you can sit and watch . Try Mama wana drink while watching the musicians.STAFF: Great. No complaints. Most do not speak english, so be patient. They do speak spanish and some speak french. You can get away with sign language to ask for drinks, towels, etc. Please leave at least $1 US tip in your room as common courtesy. They will stock up your fridge and bathroom if you do.SHOPPING: Bring your own suntan lotion. They cost $30 a bottle there. Bring lots of singles. There are a bunch of stores close by, but overprice and you cannot haggle in these stores. There is a market that you can walk to , 30 minute walk from the ocean. The market has better prices and you can haggle.CLOTHES TO BRING: Bring lots of shorts, tank tops, flip flops and a couple of long pants which is mandatory on most reserve dining restaurants . MISC: Overall a great place, lots of activities ie. (tennis, sports, miniature golf, spa, gym, day care for kids, if you want to take advantage of it.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yabbadabbawhitegirl
<Content>nice place crappy service i went the end of july with family it was my first time going anywhere and i was rather disappointed my uncle and aunt travel all the time on business but had never stayed at gran bahia principe they heard it was nice so we went went we got there they gave us the run around we were suppose to have the club hacienda package which was ocean/poolside view my uncle was suppose to have a king size bed we were suppose to have a jacuzzi in both rooms and internet access instead my uncle and aunt had to sleep on 2 different beds the air conditioner was broken we only had 2 channels in our room when it was suppose to be satellite no tv remote our room was only cleaned on the first day! which was very disapointing they would just throw the blanket on the bed over the pillows but not fully make it there was ear wigs all under my sheets when i was making my bed i freaked out and called express service to tell them but they didnt speak a word of english so it made it very difficult we had to make calls daily for towels or toilet paper cuz they wouldnt bring it we raded the housekeeping cart for extra water and pop on the better side of things the food was excellent no one got sick and they treat u like gold maybe thats cuz im a female but hey they are very good with the publc and man they love to drink we went on an excursion everyday but if u are to go on the swimming with the dolphin one be careful they booked us on the wrong day and charged us twice we also went swimming with the sharks/stingray and that was amasing deffently worth the money and we went on the tropical storm tour that was also good there was only a few ppl on the tour with us so it made it even funnier the tour guides on that are halarious! we danced and laughed the whole trip so of course it was worth it too the beach is very nice but go early and save a seat they say u cant but everyone does it! if you want ur hair done walk down the beach (to your right) theres a lady that sits there and does it cheap! well cheaper than what it would be if u got it done at the resort! if u buy anything from the shopping area if ur a woman becareful i was grabbed buy a guy and demanded that i kissed him but other than that bargain good i got a bracelet that was 90/ american for 10 american lol in the shops u dont bargain though the prices are already cheap the entertaintment at night is ok i dont recomend u listen to the kareoke its pretty bad lol but if ideal couple is on watch it cuz its halarious when at the swim up bars make sure u tell them u want alcohol in ur drink! thats pretty much it i hope everyone has a better time than me!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort, but you really need to speak Spanish My wife and family (2 children ages 11 and 10) just returned August 19th from a week at the Bahia Principle. The resort itself is beautiful, the grounds very well kept and the pools and beach are beautiful. In addition, the food was good, the buffet had plenty of selections and we ate at the French, Japaneese and Steak House which all were good. The rooms are large and well maintained, we tipped our maid $2 per day and she did a great job. The only negative is that the resort is almost totally spanish speaking and all all activities, entertainment and music are in Spanish. We had previously stayed at the Ocean Bavaro where all the annimation team repeated everything in 4 languages, so it was much easier to get involved in activities. Our children had trouble finding activities to join and meeting friends, as everything was done in Spanish and 95%+ of the guests spoke Spanish. The staff was very friendly, and tried to be helpful, but some spoke English, many did not.We took one trip, it was the Marinarium snorkeling trip, and it was wonderful. It was a 50-minutes of snorkeling with sharks and sting rays in a fenced area in the ocean, plus drinks served afterward in a natural pool which was 3 feet deep. Excellent trip, the whole family enjoyed.While the resort was beautiful and the food good, while we definately will return to Punta Cana in a future trip, we will likely look for a resort that is more bilingual.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Brillant Not sure where to start to be honest.We booked with Airtours who had originally cancelled our accommodation two weeks prior to leaving so we changed to this Hotel at the last minute. We flew Premier Gold which was excellent. Plenty of leg room and the food and drink was constant the whole way there. Good selection of films on the plane.When we arrived at the Hotel we were very impressed by how clean it was and the size of it. Its a massive complex. We checked in and asked to upgrade to the Golden club but they told us we couldn't do it until the next day. We went straight to our rooms as my partner was pick pocketed at La Romana Airport. We had lost everything cash, cards, visas etc. The hotel did not assist us at all in cancelling cards or having no money. This was swiftly corrected by Visa International within 48 hours. The rooms are large and they we had a kingsize bed and spa bath (which is brillant), and dining area. We upgraded the next day and we were located in villa 20101 which is right beside the beach and the main pools at the bottom. The TV was good with english channels and the maid was good in supply of refreshments and leaving us flowers, swans and chocolates every night. Our towels were changed every day by the maid and she left us extra ones.The resort is mainly spanish and they are very arrogant and rude. They get up at the crack of dawn to get all the sun loungers and then go back to bed, or go out for the day. We saw a few towels during the day that were never occupied. They disappear about lunch for their sleep but leave their towels there. I saw another English couple whip there towels off and take their sun loungers who were very annoyed. They just pointed to the rules of the hotel that says that sun loungers cannot be reserved. So they were well within their rights to do so. Good on them.We ate at the Japanese (very quick), Italian (made us poorly), French (Novelle Cuisine, but nice), Steak House (okay), Mexican (ate their twice as it was good but service was poor). the beach snack bars the food is always cold and they do serve dodgy burgers, dodgy hotdogs and cold chips and onion rings. They fruit is amazing and we ate fruit with every meal. Breakfast is good as they freshly cook an omelette in front of you and you can have a fried egg which they freshly cook. The main buffet definitely had some dodgy food, Goat Stew?????, Sucking PIG???????, We ate pizza every night as you were guaranteed that it would be warm and fresh. The coffee was always good and the drinks. Never drunk so many Coco Locos, Banana Mamba, Ron sours, Smirnoff vodka and coke, and their speciality Mamjuana (my favourite). The Bar service was fantastic (definitely good idea to pick a waiter and tip him and make a conversation with him. He will serve you endlessly, and always with a smile. Big Hello to German, Wander and Migulina. They were funny, happy and a good laugh every night. We spent most nights in the lobby bar. I have to admit that the singer who sings there got on my nerves by the end of the fortnight. He can only sing 3 songs over and over. I was ready to ring his neck by the time I came home. But it was all in good spirits. The staff work tremendously hard and the hotel is kept immaculate at all times. Dust doesn't get a chance to settle as its always being cleaned. The Animation Team were more keen to speak spanish so we didn't really get involved and at night time we went to a couple of shows which were okay and they passed the time. During the day they have aerobics which is good and water polo in the afternoon (never played).The beaches are fantastic and we spent most of our days on the beach as the sea is alot cooler than the pool. The sand was superb and very relaxing. We spent every day reading and having a few drinks. The weather was wonderful and it rained once the whole time. We went with Marinairum to swim with the sharks and rays which was brillant and it was a good experience. I ended up quite drunk due to all the rum drinking. Waterproof camera included. We also booked to go to Saona which was a long day but well worth it. The Catamaran was amazing and it was a beautiful boat. We also stopped to a natural pool where it was full of starfish. I really enjoyed being able to pick them up and taking photo's of them.BAD Points: The air con in our room was pathetic and when we complained they didn't want to know. So we just sort of put up with it. The mosquitos did have a good bite at me even with insect repellent (approx 30 bites) but they were never in our room (Thank god). The Hotel shop is a robbery and at least Zorro wore a mask when he robbed. They charged us $27 for a bottle of suncream which was absolutly absurd. The staff were rude in the shop but don't speak much English when I tried to talk to them. There is a plaza for shopping but be careful, you can barter with them but at the end of the day they are only hotel employees and the Hotel own the stall and the stock. So the prices are pretty much set before you start.On the last day after we had checked out, I went to the bank to get some dollars, where I was told that he had no dollars. I did ask if he was sure this was a bank and he said yes. the teller had about $1000 dollars in front of me and said he was sorry but only dominican pesos. I explained that I was going home and that I could not change it on my return. I also explained that I just wanted to have some money for a drink and something to eat at the airport. After a lot of hassle and two managers, I told them that I was not leaving until I had some dollars. The hotel reception changed my money to dollars just to get rid of me in the end. He he he.....Apart from that we had a very relaxed and enjoyable holiday. The Upgrade was well worth it as we had room service included and we had continental breakfast about 4 mornings and we had dinner brought to our room on at least 4 ocassions. So we definitely got our money's worth. The Hotel is beautiful and the little trains that run are a gem when you can't be bothered to walk in the heat. I would go again but I would make sure that I had enough suncream to support an Army and stronger insect repellent. I would also take a spanish course so that I could understand what was being said. We met a lot of nice Americans who we hope to keep in touch with and another couple from Bolton, and Nottingham and Manchester. It was well worth the money and I am well rested on my return to work.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mosquitos, mosquitos  Prior to this trip we were fans of the Bahia Principe Resorts having stayed at the Riviera Maya, Mexico Hotel twice. What turned us off to the Bahia Principe wasn't so much what happened to us while we were there but the treatment we received afterwards.Our rooms, not the hotel, was infested with mosquitos! Although the hotel has regular, weekly sprayings for both the rooms and the grounds, they denied having a mosquito problem. My daughter  I would kill between 25-30 mosquitos a night before going to bed, only to wake up around 1:00AM to kill another 10-20. We had to purchase our own bug killer  repellant at their store at a ridiculously high price. We looked forward to leaving the rooms in the morning so that we could actually relax by the pool. We dreaded going to the rooms at night to start our battle all over again. We had to seal the doorway and sliding glass door to the patio with towels soaked in bug spray. We were never able to open our glass door and use the patio.I believe the mosquito problem is so bad because of the continous construction on either side of the Hotel. When we complained they said they'd look into it. They said there were no rooms available to switch. The front desk as well as management had a very arrogant attitude towards our complaints as well as other guests that complained. When we came home, we put our complaint in writting to our tour operator. The Bahia Principe denied any proplems saying, we problably left our sliding glass door open.On the good side...Hotel is very pretty, the gym is very small, and nighlife is non-existant. Food was average, the gourmet restaurants were good. We took a helicopter tour which was very nice. We've been to Punta Cana before and might go back, BUT not to any of the Bahia Principe's!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ToughTimz
<Content>Loved the resort.....but language was a problem. I stayed at the BHP Aug 6-13 and I really enjoyed all that this resort had to offer. We had a Club Golden package..Here's a quick rundown of what I experienced.....SERVICE: Quite good in many respects. The only no-so-good things I experienced was the maid not re-stocking the minibar one of the days (and we were leaving tips), and the service at the lobby bar. I was basically ignored for about 10 mins standing at the bar on a couple of occasions.ROOM: Great rooms. Marble floors, large bed, nice couch, good patio. We were on the ground floor of Villa 22 which is only 2 villas from the beach and main pool.FOOD: Not too shabby... The A'La'Cartes we did were the Mexican (not so good), the Japanese (VERY GOOD), the Steakhouse (Not bad), and the French (Ok I guess). The buffet was pretty good, but you need to be a little picky if you wanna avoid stomach problems. The dominicans use a TONNE of corn oil in the food and it really can cause some discomfort if you are not careful.BEACH: Very nice... Hard to find a palipa if you go after 10am. Many topless ladies (which is a good thing) and nice clean bit of ocean to relax in.ACIVITIES: EVERYTHING is in spanish (95% of the tourists were from spain), so we didn't really participate too much.EXCURSIONS: We did Bavaro Trackers (ATV) which was a lot of fun. We also did Marinarium (Snorkling) which was an amazing trip. Only make sure you are ready to drink a lot of rum.. We also did Bavaro Runners which is a day long tour which was not too bad either. Can get a little expensive.OVERALL: I would say a 4 out of 5 is what it deserves. In some respects a basic 5 star resort, but mostly I would say 4 star. I've been to 5 star places and this is lacking a few things. I would recommend it to other fellow north americans, but only in the winter. :-)  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>parfro
<Content>View from a wheelchair in July-August 2005 Firstly, the handicapped rooms in this enormous resort are very few - perhaps 3 or 4. We stayed in 39107, near the centre of the hotel and with easy access into the room and bathroom. The bedroom had loads of space in which to turn with 2 double beds, and the bathroom had a roll-in shower with seat and a small hand rail to grab, as well as a good unit at the basin. The toilet was too low but also had a good rail to hold on to, so it wasn't too difficult. The room was extremely clean, no bugs at all and once you sort out what you need in terms of towels etc. you will be well looked after. A $10 bill to the Housekeeper produced wonders!The resort was accessible practically everywhere with small ramps, though the front ramp up to reception is much too steep - better to go way round to the back of the area and use the ramp there. There was a high step to the Japanese restaurant and into all the shops and the Casino in the square.However, in comparing Punta Cana with its sister hotel in Tulum, Mexico, I am afraid it measures up poorly: 1) Very few people speak English and if they do, it is very limited. My poor Spanish almost worked better than their poor grasp of English and that was in Guest Services where they should be proficient. I went in every day for 4 days running until I got my particular requests for towels etc. sorted out! A dollar or two here and there proved to be magic.2) You could not escape the music which blared into every corner of the resort - rock, pop, Spanish - and different from area to area. There was no peace anywhere, whereas in Tulum there was one quiet pool. We asked for the noise to be turned down many times, but this was ignored. I spoke to the General Manager of the Hotel on our last morning who said he understood and agreed with the need for a quiet area and that he would speak to the Pool Manager. Typical of the Management - noone wanted to take responsibility for anything.3) The main buffet restaurant was generous in terms of food though we did not find it particularly tasty and certainly not salty. The freshly cooked food prepared round all the sides of the dining room was better than that being kept warm in the center. Salads were fine and so were the mangos. Desserts in general were poor. There was a screaming waiter serving flaming coffee from a cart at dinner every evening - one or two evenings was acceptable, but after that we could have done without him! The Spanish guests eat late and from 2.30 p.m. and at 9 p.m. there will be a line. The wait staff found it difficult to cope with clearing and setting up the tables at those times.4) The extras, such as purchases from the hotel shop and the spa treatments, were outrageous. A manicure was US$33 and national postage stamps ranged from US$1.50 to US$2, depending where you bought them. The vendors in the square each night will certainly bargain and they will drop their prices if you start to walk away. If you drink in the square, make sure your drinks are included in your hotel rate.5) Dinner at the Mikado Oriental was cooked in front of you and was not too bad at all - you could ask for more after the chef had served everyone. We had Italian one night which was pleasant as we sat outside on the Terrace but I would not say the food was very good. In the end we all chose to eat at the buffet. The beach cafe near the main pool on the beach was quite disgusting - the hamburgers did not resemble meat at all!6) The nightly shows, as someone said, were laughable. Enough said...This hotel has the elements to be the 5 star hotel it claims to be, but it needs much better management from the top down Would we go there again? No, despite the fact that everyone is pleasant, the complex is spotless and the facilities are good. Maybe we are being very critical, but it really does not compare with the Tulum hotel, which is a pity.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxed and calm holiday.       Japanese starter  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>brilliant time at the Bahia We travelled to the Bahia Principe for two weeks, (27th July til the 10th of August,) three of us travelled with First choice from Manchester, the flight was good. We were in economy and there was plenty of leg room. We were slightly apprehensive about this hotel as some of the reviews on here, gave a bad impression. As soon as we arrived we found this disappeared, check in was very efficient and we were quickly taken to our room, (we stayed in the accomodation on the punta cana side.) The hotel is immaculate, as are the surrounding grounds. The staff here never stop working! All were friendly and always said 'hola.' The food at the hotel is lovely and there are so many choices when you eat at the buffet. We ate at the Italian, Garden grill, gourmet and the Japanese. We ate twice at the Italien and found the food here very good. The garden grill was our least favourite, but still had good food. We ate at the Japanese was completely different and interesting how they cooked the food in front of you the food here was delicious. The gourmet was fantastic and we had amazing service here.All the pools were magnificent, our favourite was one of the quieter ones set in the middle of the complex on the bavaro side, it doesn't matter though you can use either, whatever side you are staying on. The trams that run through the resort are very handy and were frequent. Included in the all inclusive package at this hotel, are non- motorised water sports, such as canoes and pedalos. These need to be booked at the scuba caribe hut on the beach, these should be booked at least a day in advance.The bedrooms are very spacious, and the actual beds are huge! Also there is a living area, there is a sofa bed which is very comfortable, also t.v with cable and English speaking channels.Bathroom is great and the whirlpool bath is a added bonus. The maid was very good, we left her a two dollar tip everyday, she even made our towels into swans, complete with fresh picked flowers.All staff were very friendly and helpful, even if we struggled to understand each other sometimes. Jenfry at the poolbar at the quiet pool was very friendly and helpful.This holiday was amazing and far exceeded our expectations and we would recommend it, we will be returning.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ErikMorrens
<Content>Dream resort       Lobby  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>swalker327
<Content>Weekend in Paradise       Pueblo principe  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Resort... I highly recommend it The resort is beautiful, and big enough that you have plenty of choices when it comes to pools, beach area and dining. Reception service is a bit under par but the wait staff is great and if you are lucky enough to find Ramon the bellhop he will take care of you (it helps to find an english speaking friend).The bad: The night life is non-existent. If you want to party go to Cancun. The food is very good, however, it is extremely salty. The night time shows are horrific. You will get a good laugh out of them because they are so bad, but more than 20 minutes and you'll want to hang yourself.Despite the bad this resort was awsome, certainly the best in Punta Cana. I would definitley visit again.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>marienat
<Content>disappointing We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana from July 23 to 30. The major positive point is that the weather was very good (no rain but hot and humid). However, the resort is just too big and is not a real 5 stars. The beach is OK but having a shipwreck in front of you is not really interesting and nice. The room is comfortable and the shower is very good. However, the air conditioned system barely works. If you don't tip the maid, you don't get towels! Renting a safe in your room is a must but it costs $30 US. It is simply abusing the tourists. Food is not very good, certainly not as good as other 5 starts we went on other islands of the Carribean. However, we did not get sick, but were careful with meals. If you go outside the compound or on a tour, you will be harassed by all kind of vendors. We went to Santo Domingo. There is a lot of interesting things to see but you get tired of being constantly asked to buy something.Try not to get sick there because if you need a doctor or a dentist (that was my case), you will need to take another mortgage to pay the invoice on your return.I don't think we will go back to Dominican Republic again until they really change their attitude towards the tourists. There are so many beautiful islands in the Carribean where you are really welcome (not only your money)!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Delcano
<Content>* * * Vacation - the whole truth * * * We were a group of 15 People - 10 adults and 5 kids (aged 10-15)We stayed there from July 31st until August 7th - 2005There are three shared hotels - all under Gran Bahia Principe (Punta Cana, Bavaro and Premier) - this is the same place just different classs?One thing is for sure you don't ask for the clubs priviliges you do not get it?Clubs: Golden (Gold bracelet), Diamond (White) , Hacindia (Purple) and the rest is standard class (Yellow, Green).The different is the perks (bigger rooms, higher services level, free extras, extra a la carte, free internet and some a la carte are open at breakfast and lunch time, free shirts etc...We got free upgrades beforehand --- asked and push for it and most of the time you will get it and it is worth it!We were allowed 4 a la carte and guess what we asked and asked and we got 7 in total - learn to tip ( a sign of thank-you)! 5$ USD goes a long way and on top we got free shirts which usually costs 23$ USD each....15 shirts for a tip of 20$USD!!! (don't do at once - every day!!)A-LA-CARTE!You are in a different country and of course the food is not like you are at home - this is for any place or country you go... PEOPLE get sick it is because they over do it!! The choice if up to you and eat wisely!A-MUST: Japanese, French and the Italian cuisine - We were 100% satisfy!!A-BE-CAREFUL: Garden Grill, not our normal cuisine and we were not that satisfy!A-ABSOLUTE-NO-NO: The Mexican and the Fish place - you are in the mood to get sick, be my guest this is the place that sanitation and poor quality is where it is!BUFFET:Eat at the regular places near the restaurants and stay away from the beach buffets! (No Fast food for me).Tours:WARNING: All tours in Punta Cana are TOURIST SHOPPING SCAMS! They want you to spend USD$$$ in their over-priced tourist shopping sites...! Ex, The Famous #1 Tour the Bavaro Runners which states 80% of the money goes for Kids is full of bull ---! - We had a great time (mostly in the truck and the horse back riding in the beach but for 80$USD per Person - it was a ripe off!! Pay attention to how they push you to shop and EARN nice commissions. The ATV was great but was it forth the price!!!! All tours are very expensive!!Our best time is we we spend 100$USD (15 people) (trip included) and rented two mini-bus taxis to give us a true day tour and bring us into the local areas where people shop and guess what WE SAVED A FORTUNE! (drinks at 25 RDP instead of 3-4$USD each) and many gifts at 1/10 of it prices! - We did horse backriding for approx. 5$USD per person (30mins) - this was the greatest time and the best of the tours!SHOPPING: LEARN TO WALK AWAY AND LEARN TO DISCUSS WHAT YOU ARE WILLING TO PAY MAX! 1st they asked you where you are from and try to be your so-called friend and not to worry they will give you best prices.key chains - first they asked for 4$ per pcs, when we walked away they came running (not every place - shop around and walk away) - at this point they offer us 3 key chains (good ones) for 3 per 5$USD!I bought 3 necklace for my kids (the asking price was for 40$EUROS - maybe he thought I was from EUROPE) and I walked away and he came after me for my best price - I showed him 9$USD and he accepted it!I bought 5 Music CDS - first it was 10$USD each and again I walked away and they asked for my price and I showed them 20$USD or else and they accepted it.....WARNING!!! This are always copies (CDR) and not true artist music cds - download from the internet and do it your self!!!I bought a large wood mermaid doll - they asked for 171$USD and I REFUSED IT and again running after me and I took the time in this place looking at little costly things and at the end I played the game since my wife wanted that doll --- GUESS WHAT I GOT it for 50$USD!!!Shopping at Punta Cana - it is pain in the --- and not like in CUBA of which you always get the best prices and still room to discuss! Do not get stress out and learn just to walk away from temptation!! If you want to stay away from this stress spend your time at the beach and pool and tour the locals by taxies!KIDS:All of our kids made many friends and had lots of fun - no complains! We had a great time and would go back again at another time in our lives. Get the kids to join the clubs for kids and free water sports! We felt very safe having our kids wonder around - no worries here!BEACH  POOLS:Super CLEAN on this resort - what I hate the most is people just put their towels on chairs (reserve) and show up hours and hours later! Learn to stair and remove their towels and complain to the hotel guards!Warning: The sun is strong, do not over do on tanning or you will regret the rest of your vacation with sun burns - we had people which wanted to be smart and spend 2 days in bed! - learn to take turns and the morning sun is the best!Topless people --- today it is very common and acceptable and at first our kids were asking questions but it became normal and it did not disturb us at all.. we all have --- (some small and some big- so what)!ROOMS:BIG, BIG and BIG! Nice size and clean rooms...Nice mini-bar!Warning: Lower 1st floor rooms might have some black or white flies which likes to bite those people with sweer blood! so try to get 2nd or 3rd floors rooms and bring along after-bite or anti-itch and some OFF to tell those bugs to stay away! Leaving doors open causes them to come in! They hate the cold and leaving the fan on and the a/c is a plus for people in first floor.A Little Trick - You want more on the mini bar, just ask and give a little tip and take what you need or ELSE maids leave the storage room doors open on bottome floor so go in and take what you need (pepsi, beer, water, towels etc..)CONCLUSION:The tour operators need some education in Guest Services - put them in their place and complain when you are not satisfy and do not walk away! Not everyone is the same but I was not pleased with Andre fron Sunquest/Tour Maison - I got what I wanted (SERVICE Level) from the people there more than the actual tour operator)Language - they DO SPEAK ENGLISH and FRENCH, just look for the ones that do speak it... we had no problems with languages here and on top of this we learned some spanish!! This is purely normal every where you go!We had a great time overall and enjoyed this hotel 100% - no one is perfect! So highly recommeded BUT don't over due it and be careful on what you eat no matter where you go! And don't over do it on getting tan 100% on first day --- take your time... My wife and sister learned this lesson the hard way even after I warned them and we have also had this situation in other places in the world....Enjoy your vacation -- this is one of the top places to be and if you are only adults and like to walk in the nude than go to secrets -- another great place...  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Don't believe what people say when they give this hotel negative reviews. The facilites were excellent, and extremly clean. I never got sick from the food once, and I have a very sensative stomach. Do keep in mind though that certain foods should be eaten in a cautionary manner when away from home (cheeses, poultry and beef). If people consume some of these items, of course they have the possibility of getting sick. Nevertheless, all of the food was excellent, ecspecially the fish and Mexican restaurants. A tip for travellers, the Italian restaurant is open for lunch and breakfast, so go there because it is always empty! Also, go to the spa, its worth every penny! If you have any questions please feel free to e-mail me.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BAHIA PRINCIPE       A picture of our room... yes I know its a messy room.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>garethtuohy
<Content>'best holiday ever' myself and my girlfriend (22  19) stayed at the resort the last 2 weeks of July. Just before we left, there were reports of hurricanes but we were pleased to arrive to sunshine and clear skies. The holiday was absolutely amazing. I have travelled to the Dominican Republic twice before and had a wonderful time both times but this resort far surpassed that.The rooms where very comfortable and kept extremely clean. The air conditioning was spot on and if you wanted you could have the room near freezing. The 3 pools were all enjoyable with 2 having lively atmospheres and another having a more relaxed feel.The beach was beautiful with white sands and turqoise waters. The sea was generally clear of debris, however my girlfriend managed to find the only rock by the shore and stand on a sea urchin so be careful!My girlfriend is a fairly fussy eater and found lots to eat. i am more adventurous and found myself eating far too much but everything was excellent. Lots of salads, pastas, potatoes, meats, burgers, chips, seafood etc. you are spoilt for choice. Drinks are also excellent but be careful of the measures of spirits they give you. Ask for small unless you like your drinks strong.The day trips where varied and had things to suite everyone. We found both the trips we went on well organised and friendly.Overall, even though we knew the resort was 4star plus, it was far better than we expected. As you enter the resort you know it is top quality from the grounds and the recption area and the rep told us it was, in his opinion the best resort he has worked on in his 15 years on the island. This i can definately believe. The only problem was that there seems to be mostly spanish at the resort and there can sometimes be a language barrier with staff but overall the holiday was perfect!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad experience We were a group of 18 and stayed at the Bahia Principe for 7 nights, the hotel was very pretty. The rooms were large and kept very clean. All the staff is very nice and extremely helpful, they go out of their way to make your stay very pleasurable.The pool is great and the beach is wonderful! The drinks are very weak, but don't order a cosmo because they don't have cranberry juice. Try their Caipiroscas very refreshing and cooloing for those hot summer days.They have nightly shows which put you to sleep. The food was by far the worst, La Orquidia (Buffet Rest) the food was bland in taste, cold and every day was basically the same, the desserts were pretty bad. The Mexican restaurant the food was very tasty, but if you order shrimp take a magnifying glass so you can see them, they are very very little shrimp. El Pescador has great breakfast and lunch. You will not find lobster there or anywhere at the Resort. The Restaurant that our entire group enjoyed was The Grill. The meat was delicious, tasty, cooked to perfection, the service was awsome, attentive, nice and pleasant. This is also one of the few restaurants were you can feel the airconditioner.I had a few other issues with the management and they have no idea what the word HOSPITALITY means. The manager was rude, inflexible and not cooperative at all. In her eyes the client is alway wrong and the hotel is always right. I do not recommend this hotel because of my dealings with the management.Gorup of 18  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>1	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tobyjay
<Content>The Real truth about this resort... I just reurned from my vacation at Club Golden Bahia Principe. We were there from July 23-31,2005. Prior to leaving, I had read many reviews both good and bad but I decided to go with an open mind and enjoy my vacation and time away with my husband and teenage daughter. We bought a package with Air Transat. It was an overnight flight so we knew that this would be tough. We left Montreal at 11 P.M. arriving in P.C. at 3 A.M. It was wonderful having the check-in done for us as we arrived, this way we were brought by trolley straight to our beautiful room and went straight to sleep. Here is my HONEST take on this resort! FOOD: As long as you stick to the indoor buffets, you are safe! The a la carte restaurants have great ambiance but the food is all the same. I must add that it is NOT that the food is bad anywhere, it's just that the meat, fish, flour, water, is not the same as we are used to. They do not use fresh herbs or spices in their foods just a lot of salt and some pepper. In terms of the food, I truely believe that they want to please all the guests but that they DO not pretend to be American, Canadian, or British or other. This hotel chain is Spanish owned and it caters to those tastes. We did not eat at the outdoor restaurants because those that did got sick. As previously mentioned in other reviews, the food is often left out in temperatures rising above 90 F, and although they try to maintain the refridgeration (ice keeping ketchup, mayo, and coldcuts cool) it is almost impossible. Rooms: The rooms are beautiful and spacious. Kept clean and tidy. It is important to tip the maid! On the 1 day that we forgot, we had NO towels or water bottles.  Communication : Since we speak French and English, communicating with the staff was NOT that much of a problem but we did see an older couple from New England have a very diificult time. The woman had come to activate her room key (a card with a strip) that had stopped working. They did so immediately, but they neglected to tell her that she would need to change all the keys from the people in her party. She had to come back an hour later in 90F heat to change her husbands key. Employees: This is where we had a problem. I have been to at least 10 all-inclusive resorts and this is the first one where the staff seemed more unhappy than not. Again, perhaps this is just me not understanding a cultural difference but I never felt that there was a genuine happiness there. In March we went to an a.i in Cuba and even though the people there live with such political/ financial resrictions, we still felt like we were 1) understood and 2) respected. Air Transat: There is absolutely NO communication between this air line, and this hotel. We had Amy as our Air Transit Tour Operator. She explained all the procedures, rules, schedules, excursions, etc.. She gave her cell # in case of emergency. When I needed to call her about info regarding our departure, they told me she was no longer there and Geni was taking over.Very important info for people coming from Montreal: Our travel agent here in Montreal told us that check-out at the hotel is at noon but since our flight leaves at 4 A.M , the hotel allows for a late check-out. NOT! Until we got the right info about this, we had wasted our whole last day organizing our departure. The tour operator(Geni )at Air Transit did Not herself know the hotel policies because they change from person to person. This is the where as a paying customer you get really turned off! The hotel tells us that check out is at noon. If we want our room until 6 P.M. we can have it at 10 dollars U.S. If we choose to stay after 6 then it is 99.00 U.S. per person.$ 300:00 in our case. If we chose to check out at noon then they will keep our luggage safe and we can shower in their public showers. Please note that the hotel public areas are NOT air conditioned and it is still over 90 and humid in the evening. We chose to stay at $10 per hour but we lost that whole last day waiting for someone to tell us if we could have another room since ours had someone coming to it at 3 P.M. Check out was at noon but they didn't move us til 1:35. They had told us to be there before 8 A.m check out day. When we got there the club golden rep Donny was the only person who could get us another room and he was in at 9 A.m. We waited and waited. He told us to back to our room and he would change our room by 12. In the end, they wanted to charge us for 6 hours but they didn't give us a room until 1.30. When we explained that we had wasted the whole day waiting for Donny to get us a room and that it wasn't 6 hours they made us feel like we were being cheap. I am still NOT sure if this is a problem with Air Transat or the hotel but it is terribly planned. I would have preferred to pay for an extra day here in Canadian $ before I left. All in all, I would NOT go back to this resort. I did not feel like they valued my business at all. I payed $ 5000.00 for 3 of us to go and I feel I deserve to be treated with more respect! *As a side note, we took some soda bottles from our hotel fridge to take with us to the airport since we were leaving the hotel at 1 A.M. and we were only flying at 4 A.M. We anticipated that the stores in the airport would be closed at that hour. We left these soda bottles with our luggage in a plastic bag in what we were told was the guest services safety room.( unlocked room ) When we went to get our luggage at 1 A.M. the door men who were suppossed to be watching this room were drinking our 7 up and cokes, and water bottles. Also, my daughter's valise was opened but Nothing was taken. A word of advise, bring locks for your luggage!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I loved my time in Punta Cana               More photos  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Resort - Customer Service Sub Par The resort and beaches are very nice. The restaurants overall were great. Stay away from the Italian 鈥?decent but not worth wasting one of your ala carte dinners. There were 10 in our group and no one got sick - we ate everything. Stay away from the tap water. Thankfully there is usually plenty of bottled water on hand. The ice is safe and the local beer is very good.The service is good if you tip before you are served (yeah I know your not supposed to tip). There are some very nice people but those in management don't seem to get that the customers should be treated with respect especially in the 鈥淕uest Relations鈥?department. Would we go back? Maybe in five years. They should have the whole package (Resort and service) down by then.Lock ALL valuables in the room safe - even after the room has been cleaned for the day.Bring bug repellent! 鈥?The maid service leaves the room doors open while cleaning 鈥?your room will be swarming with uninvited guests (mosquitoes) upon your return.We took the Caribe Aquatics Sunset cruise 鈥?GREAT FUN, snorkeling, natural sea pool etc. Great value.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a week in paradise we just returned from a week (7-23-05 to 7-29-05) at the Bahia Principe and must say that there is a difference between a four and a five star resort (we had previously stayed at the Occidental Flamenco- 4 star). We arrived to find the lobby staff very friendly but somewhat limited in their English (certainly we should have taken time to learn some spanish), but from the first moment we arrived we could tell that this was truly a special destination!Here is how our week went:Food: The buffet is beautiful and I am sure to those who are used to the different selections offered, very good. For americans the texture and tastes of many of the offerings is so different from what we are used to that we decided our best bet was to sample things we had never had before and that way we would not constantly be comparing the resort's version with what we were used to back home. It worked! A word of advice, the best breakfast and lunch buffets can be found at the seafood and mexican restaurants-- the main lobby buffet and the poolside buffet are not as good. The specialty restaurants for dinner are wonderful: our choices, Japanese, Mexican, Seafood, and French. We knew from our previous trip to Punta Cana that ordering Steak (or beef of any kind) would be a disappointment (we think they serve cow instead of beef). The general consensus from other visitors seems to be the same when it comes to the 'Steak Grill.Although tipping is not a part of the plan, as americans we seem to need to tip and the staff seems to truly appreciate it (a waiter at the french restaurant told us he makes $150.00 per MONTH! It goes without saying that when the staff realizes you are american they go out of their way to serve, but honestly they seem to do this anyway so tipping is up to you.Beach: We were at the beach by nine each morning, although it says in the brochure that you are not permitted to 'save' cabannas with towels, everyone does it and it is the best way to be sure that you will have one for the day. I usually took the towels down at around 7:30am before we went to breakfast and once we were finished we went directly to the beach. The water is beautiful and the beach is a dream come true. Having been to many beaches in the Carribean I can honestly say Punta Cana has one of the best.Rooms: Our rooms were beautiful and the chambermaid staff was on target most of the time. If they forgot anything there is an express service button on your phone and you get whatever they may have forgotten in minutes (towels, water, soda, etc...) Activities: The activities at the resort are nice, but as most people will tell you the night life in Punta Cana resorts is not up to the level of most islands. We would hit the casino for a brief visit (very small, not that much action) and then watch the show directly outside. The show that goes on in the lobby Tropicana Theatre is not worth the time but the one is the village is usually interesting. The shops in the village are nice as are the stands that are inside of it. You can haggle over prices so give it a try.Tours: Having been before we had decided not to take any tours but our Agent Rep. suggested the Saona Island Trip. This is an all day affair (7am to 7pm). The catamaran ride to the island is fun, the speed boat ride back is great, seeing the starfish is cool,but the time on the island is less than good. At $80 per person I expected much more and felt that we had been bilked (at the dock they list the price as $40.00 per person, so it seems we paid $40.00 per person for the bus that took us from the resort to the dock and back again?????) Previous tours we have taken: Manatee Park --Pretty Good , Island Safari---Horseback riding was great, food was horrible, Seeing the lives of the Island People, something that everyone of us needs to see so we will remember how great our homelands are.Tips: In a review that I read before going it suggested Bug Repellent--Took it but never needed it (thank goodness) Never saw a bug! Bring snacks for your room. As I stated above the food is different and when you want something in your stomach after a day of rum drinks it is nice to have some comfort foods (Raisins, Peanuts, TastyKakes, Oreos, whatever).Would I recommend the Bahia Principe? Absolutely!!!! Would I go back again? Probably not, there are too many other places to see--although to be honest, we were supposed to be in Riviera Maya for this trip but were lucky enough to get switched to Punta Cana when the Hurricane destroyed what was to have been our resort and I honestly did not feel upset that I was going back to Punta Cana even though I had been there two years before.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sunny Weather for 12 out of 14 days Helps       Near Lobby  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect fantastic hotel the best time ever       MOTHER IN LAW IN LOBBY  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place except for the food poisoning... My wife and I were looking forward to a relaxing time at the Bahia Principe 鈥?two different sets of friends had previously stayed there and highly recommended the resort. Unfortunately, things didn鈥檛 quite turn out as planned. Before I get into my complaints, let me cite the good points:1. The room was excellent 鈥?the bed was large and comfortable, there was plenty of space, and the bathroom was elegant. The Jacuzzi tub worked particularly well. Having the mini-bar included in the price was a bonus, and we made good use of the water and the sodas. We passed on the Presidente beer for reasons I鈥檒l explain later.2. The grounds were well maintained and you could see the grounds people paid attention to detail. Particularly amusing was the Bahia Principe logo imprinted on every one of the several ashtrays found around the resort. The pools were great, especially the quieter ones in the middle of the resort. I do, however, wish, that the DJs would learn to play more than the same seven songs over and over, especially that silly 鈥淐hacaron鈥?song.3. The beach was pretty and clean, although it could get rather crowded. It often took us awhile to find some lounge chairs under a hut. I know they had water activities available, but we didn鈥檛 take advantage of them due to our time on the beach being restricted by the edges of Hurricane Dennis.4. The staff was super friendly, especially the waitstaff. The waiter at the 鈥淟e Gourmet鈥?restaurant was amazing, but the best story occurred when my wife and I were sitting in the lobby bar listening to live music. The waitress asked what we鈥檇 like to drink and we informed her that we didn鈥檛 need anything. She looked rather surprised, but she moved on. Then about 5 minutes later she came back with her manager and they asked if everything was ok, and why we didn鈥檛 have a drink. Then the bartender came over and told us he鈥檇 bring us the 鈥渄rink of the night鈥?and so in a matter of moments we had two drinks. Unfortunately we couldn鈥檛 enjoy them since we were recovering from being ill鈥?still, we appreciated them being concerned about us having a good time. By the way, the English proficiency varies greatly among the staff, so it鈥檚 helpful to at least know some rudimentary Spanish. Which brings me to my major complaint 鈥?the food. I realize that being North American, we鈥檙e spoiled with the food up here, but I didn鈥檛 have high expectations for the food in Punta Cana. I was fully aware that we were traveling to a 3rd world country, but I didn鈥檛 expect to get such severe food poisoning on our first night. It happened at the buffet, which admittedly, had a large selection of food choices. My wife is a picky eater and was very careful (or so she thought) with her food choices. I was a bit more cavalier, but we both ended up getting very sick (we鈥檙e talking projectile vomiting here) and this knocked us out of commission for a day and a half. I brought up our sickness to the front desk staff, who I don鈥檛 think displayed much sympathy (although I think a lot got lost in translation), but later on we found a complimentary reservation to the French restaurant for that evening. We were too sick to take advantage of it, but we appreciated the gesture.For the rest of the trip we stuck with breads and pasta when eating at the buffet. As you might imagine, we were gun shy, so we stuck to safe foods. We also minimized our alcohol consumption which was too bad. On the other hand, the 鈥淟e Gourmet鈥?restaurant was excellent though, while the Italian place was mediocre. So, would I go back? Probably not, but then again, I don鈥檛 see any compelling reason to go back to Punta Cana in general. It鈥檚 not a particularly pretty place (the beach aside) and there are so many other Caribbean destinations that I鈥檇 like to check those out. But if you鈥檙e interested in going to Punta Cana, I鈥檇 recommend the Bahia Principe 鈥?just don鈥檛 expect gourmet food, and be careful of what you eat.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Hotel What a great hotel - We cannot understand some of the bad reviews written about this resort? It is not flawless but is certainly worth a visit.The place is kept immaculately clean and well maintained by the staff who seem to work round the clock making sure everything looks fantastic. Rooms are all identical and kept well stocked, pools and beach are wonderful and as with previous reviews, a short walk to the left or right on the beach will find more privacy and better sand. Pool in the centre of the resort has best loungers with padded cushions.The place is predominantly occupied by Spanish and South Americans, we met few English while we were there and language is a big problem. No-one seems to speak (or want to speak) English and buying souveniers in the square or even ordering in the restaurants can be a problem.Food and drink - Meals and drinks were excellent, buffet had good range everynight, seafood restaurant is much quieter than buffet for breakfast, a la carte were superb except for the mexican where the waiters could not even tell us what we were ordering due to the language barrier. Japanese, Gourmet and Garden grill were by far the best. Try the blue lagoon or dirty monkey cocktails from the lobby bar - they're not on the menu but are gorgeous!Skip the nightly show in the hotel - pretty dismal, head straight from the lobby bar to the square for some live music and faster drinks service.All in all a great place that we would definately recommend you try for yourself.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply Paradise We returned on JUly 3rd from Punta Cana, and let me say that my wife and I are ready to go back right now. It was absolutely wonderful. Our experience we had was great. We can't stop talking about it. As I'm reading these reviews, and I can't believe that people that stayed there are complaining about this place. We did not get sick on the food like other ppeople did. I think you have to use some common sense when you eat down there. The food is so plentiful that you have to watch how much you eat and what to eat.  The service was excellent. I would recommend to take a Spanish class before you go there, cause not to many people speak English. Nevertheless, we communicated O.K. with the stafff and always were satisfied with our request. The staff will go out of their way to make you happy. Espically Ronny at the pool bar. Our drinks were never empty. No matter were we went on the resort, there was always a place to get a drink. Tipping does help but in my opinion, the people down there are just great. Remember, you treat them nice and they will go out of their way for you.  One of the best parts we enjoyed was listening to Rivaldo playing his guitar and singing songs in the main lobby of the hotel and drinking wine with our friends. We met alot of great people while we were there and especially Ann, Nick, Tony and Ann from Missisauga, Ont. We miss you guys.  We believe that our over all stay down there was simply paradise, and we highly recommend this resort to all people who want to have a good time and make lots of beautiful memories.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>does anyone speak english??? Just got back from the bahia principie punta cana and i have to say whata fantastic place it is.Was worried about the rainy season but it only rainedtwice in two weeks and both times at night.The resort was very clean andhad fantastic pools and the apartments were 5 star. The beach was beautifull even with a couple of stray dogs running around, just kick sand at them and they go away The food was great, if you like foriegn muck ha ha. but if you look around at the many resturants you will find things that you like to eat.I did have a few complaints, the main one being that hardly anyone spoke a word of english, this was very annoying and intimadating.we come from london and there were a few other english familys there and they all had problems with it.Its very much a spanish/south american aimed resort, and the americans and english are in a minority.when we was sitting at a table in a resturant the waiters would come up and talk spanish to you, and your left sitting there confused, and when you say your english they looked put out.so i ended up ignoring them and carrying on eating. my family dont drink so all we ever said to them was 4 pepsi please, and they would say 4 petsi ok.also we had a few things go missing from our room, only items of clothing but keep an eye out for the maids, they do a great job but there a bit light handed.dont use the lobby shop unless you realy have too, we bought 5 bars of chocolate, 2 headscarfs and 10 fags and it was $80!!!.also it said it caterd for kids, but theres nothing there atall for the kids and the food is not for kids either, our 3 daughters had a plate of chips every night and turned there noses up at the rest. so to sum up, fantastic resort, ok food, not for kids, and unless you can speak fluent spanish you will have problems, oh and the maids are theifs.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GET READY TO BE SICK My family and I ( 14 in all ) just returned from a 7 day vacation. The resort is beautiful. The people are super freindly and the pool and beach are fantastic. However!!!!! The food will make you sick. Guaranteed!!!! It's a Salmela/Bacteria paradise. The food looks great , but the conditions that must be maintained (heatinf/cooling et) is not evident.I'm writing this review and my stomach is in pain. If it continues next week i'll have to go see the doctor.Out of 14 people, 12 got sick.So, if you dont mind the pain, it's a great place to visit.I give it 5 stars-FOR THE BACTERIA that is.Good luck!!James  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>1	3	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic vacation I love bahia principe, the people, the conditions, teh weather... everything is fantastic. Great resort.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome time, beautiful resort! My husband and I stayed and the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana from June 18 to 25, and we had a wonderful time! We booked our vacation through Escapes, but our vacation was through Air Canada Vacations, so glad it was with them. When arriving and departing we couldn't believe the service we received compared to other vacation companies, trust us, book with Air Canada Vacations, it's worth the extra cost (i.e. no waiting in lines, you get pushed right through check-in and through security).The Lobby and rooms: huge and beautiful! Service is great, the only thing, as mentioned in other reviews is that there is sometimes a language barrier, but they do try to help you as much as they can and the staff are extremely friendly and hard working. Tip your maid atleast $1US a day and your room will have an overstocked bar fridge and beautiful designs on your bed. We were offered the Club Golden when checking in but didn't take it , and we're glad we didn't. It is $10US per person, per day and after being there for the week we advise not to bother, the other rooms are the exact same, you're only paying the extra to be closer to the noise on the beach and have one extra a la carte per week. Food: My husband and I are typically not picky eaters and we found the food was very good, there is such a wide variety that we're sure anyone could find something they like, and if all else fails eat the french fries! One note though, stay away from the cuddle fish!! My husband and I ate pretty well all the same foods at every meal, except for one evening when he ate cuddle fish, and was very sick all evening, luckily it went away the next day, just be careful!! As for the a la carte restaurants, we did Seafood (not so good, least favourite), Grill (very good, excellent steak) and the French (Excellent, best meal there!).Pools and activities: There are 3 pools, two in the middle of the resort which are great because they are more quite, except when they are playing Bingo, and one very large one near the beach. We found all the pools to be great and very clean, and the service at all the pool bars were great! Mmm... Coco Locos we're delicious!Beach and water: Absolutely gorgeous, white sand and clear turquoise/blue water. We went snorkeling on the Bavaro beach (with Contiki Water tours) it was the most interesting excursion my husband and I have ever done, it is definitely a must, the fish were everywhere and they let you feed them, mangificent!!Overall, we had a wonderfull time at the Gran Bahia and you must visit the market/gift shops attached to the resort, it was fun bardaring with the locals, just make sure to pay about 1/8 to 1/4 of the price they tell you, and you'll get a deal. I would definitely recommend this resort to anyone, you won't regret taking a vacation at this beautiful place!!!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Time My husband and I are just back from a two week holiday and I must admit that I was abit baffled by some of the bad reviews that people have written about this hotel. We had a fantastic time and would go back any minute! The hotel is lovely and clean, the rooms are spacious and very well maintained, when we arrived we asked for a room change as we were overlooking some trucks etc that are being used to build a hotel nearby and our request was accomodated very well. We had a room overlooking the two middle pools and it was great. There is some building work next to the resort but the noise isn't bad and you don't really notice it. It is true that some of the staff speak little english but they are all extremely helpful and very friendly and we had no problems at all. The bar staff were fantastic and really look after you, we were never without a drink! The food was really good, we visited all of the restaurants and the only one that I wouldn't recommend is the Mexican, I found the food and service below par with the rest of the restuarants including the buffet. The night entertainment is basic and quiet low key at times but I think you get that really anywhere in the caribbean. The grounds of the hotel are immaculate and the resort is not too big, contrary to some of the reviews, you can walk from either end in about 15 mins but there a wee shuttle buses going back and forth if you want them. The beach was really nice and clean but the sand wasn't as nice as places I have been before, however if you walk left or right you can find even better parts of the beach with soft perfect sand in about 10 mins, worth doing for the snorkelling also! The suncream is very expensive so take plenty as you will need it there! I have no complaints about this hotel at all and would recommend that people try it as you would have a great time.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous!!! I loved it This was my first trip to DR. It was the best experience ever. The staff was fun and made you feel right at home. The rooms were hugegrande and had beautiful views. The beach it self was a whole other wonder, white sandy beaches and turqoise waters beautiful!!!! There were 4 huge pools. I have never seen pools bigger. The food was another story. It was delicious. The buffet had many different types of foods. There are also 6 restaurants. I have actually been to the italian and japanese one. They were great. It was one of the best vacations I have ever had and I have been to many other carribean islands. I definately want to go back! I wish I didn't have to go home. This was one of the best experiences and I hope to go back again!! This is a must visit resort!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent We went to the Bahia Principe for two weeks and we loved it, its very clean and every one is very nice the hotel staff dont talk much english but they try there best to help you out.ROOMS.. They are a good size and the maid keeps it very nice. The mini bar is well stocked with coke,7up,water and beer if you leave a tip they leave you extra beer. Take an old gift card for the air-con slot it keeps the air-con on all day and night if you want it, you wont need to use one of your door cards that way.FOOD.. In all the restaurants the food is very nice,in the buffett restaurant you have lots of choise ideal for everyone. The main restaurants when you go to book work out what nights you want to go then book them all together that way you have not got to que everytime, we liked the Japaneese and the Mexican best. They are very free with the wine in all the restaurants.BEACH.. Nice and relaxing the sand is white and the sea is clear but there is a lot of sea weed in parts, you can do water sports on the beach such has Snorkeling,Pedal Boats and Canoes just book them up on the beach.POOLS..There are 3 pools the main pool is up by the beach where there are activitys all day the other pools in the middle of the resort are more chilled it was nice to have a couple of hours at these pools after a day at the beach the pool bars are nice and you have good mesures of rum.There are a few shops and a mini market in the resort by the lobby nice but expensive so take plenty of sun cream. there is a piano bar in the mini market which shuts at two the bar staff are really nice, we didnt think much of the disco most of the songs they played were in spanish the disco also shuts at two.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Vacation! We (my husband and I) just came back from an amazing vacation at the Bahia Principe from June 19 to June 26. The Bahia Principe is definitely a 5 star resort with great service! I was very surprised with some of the bad reviews. This is a pretty big property with two sides - Bahia Principe Bavaro and Bahia Principe Punta Cana. We were on the Bavaro side but they are the same and both share the same swimming pools and beach. They each have their own restaurants which share the same kitchens. The grounds are beautifully kept. The rooms are very spacious. We were in villa 26, about 2 minutes from the beach. Since the resort is huge they have trams which go up and down the resort from 6 am to 3 am and you never have to wait more than a couple of minutes.There are 4 swimming pools. The two main pools are by the beach and are the busier pools with the activities. This is where we hung out and it wasn't too loud with the activities. The other two pools are in the middle of the resort and they are nice and quiet. We always found chairs at the main pool under the huts. Keep in mind that the summer is not Dominican's high season.The beach is amazing with nice white sand and beautiful water. We were at the beach at 10/11 in the morning and we always found beach chairs under the huts. There are plenty of chairs on the beach. Some parts of the beach had some seaweed on the sand and in the water. Also, some areas of the sand had twigs in it which made it difficult to walk on. However, these are very minor points. Overall the beach was gorgeous.The food at the restaraunts was good. I am a very picky eater and I was fine. The main buffet was good. We had 3 a la carte dinners at the Japanese restaurant, French restaurant and Steakhouse, which is my order of preference. The service was very good at all the restaurants and bars. And learning spanish was great!This is a great resort and we would definitely go back!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful vacation We spent 3 nights at Gran Bahia Principe, Punta Cana and thought the resort was wonderful. Upon arrival, Dominican dance group greeted us with lively music. Open-air lobby gorgeous. Room and bathroom were lovely. Fun to find mini-bar stocked w/ the Dominican beer, Presidente. Landscaping was amazing, beautifully manicured lawns and flowers everywhere and staff constantly working on maintenance. Resort is tremendous and takes a day or so to figure out how to get places - so first night we almost missed dinner. All a la carte restaurants had stopped serving so we had to eat what was left at buffet while it was being taken down. We didn't particulary like the Dominican food- lots of dark chicken, pork, rice, quite bland - but restaurants always very clean and food fresh and nicely presented. They don't drink their coffee w/ cream, so I had to use milk from cereal bar and a strange-tasting sweetener. Wished I had brought non-dairy creamer and sweet n low with me. Pools were absolutely gorgeous- crystal clean each w/ swim-up bars and lovely settings. Beach very nice as well. We had no trouble w/ mosquitoes at all, but good idea to bring insect repellant w/ you in case. Gym very nice. We always drank the bottled water in the room and regular water and ice from restaurants and bars and had no illness. Inside resort, apparently all water used is purified except for in-room sink water. We also avoided ice machine outside of room. Resort shops were very upscale. Several nice places to buy lovely gifts, non-tacky t-shirts and memorabilia. Entertainment at night was fun. Outdoor area where they give merengue and salsa lessons accompanied by a lively brass band. Disco for late-nighters was fun too. Making dinner reservations can be complicated. Do it early. I do not recommend the Mexican restaurant, but the French one was very nice. Overall, a wonderful vacation.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Chinyuk
<Content>Overall a great resort Wife and I stay at the Bahia for a week between Jun 11-18, and it was quite an enjoyable stay.First of all, we fly out from Toronto via Harmony, consequently, it was the first Harmony flight to land in Punta Cana, and we were greeted by a shower of water (we thought it was a sudden burst of rain until we found out later), so a great beginning. I praised highly of the airline, with so many low cost cheapo airline, we were impressed with the great service, decent food (airplane standard) and the fact it is on-time (no Jetsgo 3 hrs usual delay)We went with Sunwing and I am quite happy with them, we were transferred from airport on big coach bus, we only had about 12 ppl but they put us on a big bus, on the way back to the airport, it was different, the bus was stuffed but at least we were picked up last from a series of hotel.Check in was a breeze, we originally booked the Club Premier, but they were close from May to June (prob a low occupancy rate at the hotel) so we were transfer to Hacieda. And for ppl who wonder about how many hotel there is, cause I was very confused during research, there are a total of 5 hotel under one roof, Club Premier, which is sort of on the side, if you look at the resort map, it is the blue building, own swimming pool but fartherest to beach. Then there is Club Hacieda, marked by Yellow building on the map, Club Golden Club, mark by golden color. The regular one is Bavaro and Punta Cana. Apparently the hotel is lobby is a mirror image of each other on the Bavaro/Punta Cana side. The Club allow internet accessibility and 4 a la carte, Golden offer more but we were quite happy we were transferred to Hacieda.More on check in, we got there around 1:15 p.m., check in time is 3:00 p.m. but Club Hacieda like Golden has their own guest service to do check in in an air condition area, it was quick, like 5 minutes and we also got our room key by then and can go straight to the room. I guess it is a low occupancy period so the rooms were already ready. Which was great, we got a bus boy to pick up our luggage and ride their vehicle. Initially, the card didn't work but the bus boy fixed it in 5 minutes, and yes, 5 Canadian minutes not 5 Dominican minutes (which is 30 Canadian minutes). So no problem with check in, or check out for that matter.We stayed at unit 34 overlooking the 2 pools in the middle of resort, not being a pool person, we did swim a bit in the pool and used the pool bar, overall, the pools are great, very clean and large, and there are enough chair to go around during our stay. The room itself is very nice, very new and clean, no smell, as for mosquito, yeah, my wife was badly bitten the first nite but afterwards, maybe it is a combination of pesticide spray by the maid and the fact we kept the ceiling fan on all nite, no more bites. The only thing I would have ask for is a bigger TV but we didn't watch that much TV, no big deal.The beach is very nice, always able to find chair, again, due to the fact occupacy wasn't so high, no problem with finding chair and a hut to shield the Carribbean sun. And like most describe the beach is long and can go for a long way either direction. We did walk down 30 minutes to the market place. The pricing after negotiating is better than the little town in the hotel but it isn't like bargain. We found pricing is quite insane there. Like $20+USD for sun tan lotion. The only complain I have is the water. It isn't because the water is dirty or anything, but being in the Carribbean a few times, I expect crystal clear water. The problem is the water go deep in a hurry, within 10m, you are barely standing with the head out and I am 5'8, not Mini-Me from Austin Power. This has an effect on the water having too many sand particles, cause the wave pick up the sand on shore and distribute it within the first 15~20m of water from shore. I can only see about waist level when the water is up to my shoulder, not what I am used to when in Carribean. So defn not recommended for small children cause it isn't a long and shallow beach. The thing is, when we swim about 10m farther, the water is much much better and we canoe out to deeper area and the water is defn crystal clear, can see depth of 30~40 ft no problem.Food was okay, I can't say it is great. I mean, I am not comparing to a $200 a meal restuarant. But comparing apples to apples, being a 5 star resort with food all inclusive vs a cruise which is also all inclusive, if cruise is a 5, this is at best a 3.5. I found the food too oily and salty for my liking. As for the a la carte rank, I think I agree with most that the French restuarant are the best, and I don't know what to rank after that cause the rest are kind of sub-par IMO. We did the grill (steak restuarant), I think the problem is the quality of beef in Dominican, it was poor wherever we had beef. The Italian resturant was also very so-so, my wife couldn't find one thing she want, she ordered pizza and the pizza tasted worst than the one in the snack bar, go figure. We also tried the Jap and I have to admit looking around, it isn't a very popular choice. Most non-oriental who don't have Jap food might not like it much, cause you had a choice of beef, chicken, shrimp, fish and veggie and the ppl that share our table didn't want any except some shrimp and vege. We tried it all and being in TO with quite a few teppanyaki restuarant, you will really think this is sub-par. Being Chinese, an analogy is you give non-Chinese egg-roll and fried chick wing and they called that Chinese food. In other words, to us, it was not authentic at all. And again, part of it I blame quality of the raw food. The beef is very chewy, not tender, shrimp are small, and the fish is not up to par. Overall, I have to say, I wasn't too impressed with the dining. I have been to another 5 stars in Cancun for buffet and the food is defn better, so even if you believe comparing to a cruise is unfair, it is defn subpar for a 5 star.The cocktail is great, not being an alcohol person, I am quite okay with their drinks and selection. Coco Loco was my wife favorite and I found one of their drink of the day, Mona Sucio to be quite good too. I think the main lobby bar are better than the pool bar but overall, it wasn't too bad.We didn't watch much of the show, but I mean, again, being spoiled by a cruise, I can't say the show are all that great, a lot of dancing and that's pretty much it. We didn't watch a complete show from start to finish. Mainly cause it wasn't very entertaining and the fact it is outdoor, we are prone for mosquito biting. The town is okay, but everything pricey, ppl are not pushy, they want you to see but we didn't buy anything other cause there wasn't like any deals. We stopped by the Casino, it is litterally empty, play some blackjack and at most 1 table filled, it is a small one anyways and drinks AREN'T included, seemed like nothing is free in the little town.We did one excursion, Isla Saona. It is okay, I found it a bit pricey for a whole day tour, but ride speed boat out, catamaran back, the island is okay, not like an escape to dream paradise, the water is very shallow and you can walk out almost 100 m and can touch the ground. Great for kids, food was okay on the tour, the bus ride is quite long, and not a lot to see, okay if you don't mind catching some sleep.The week's weather was a mix, but being in June, rainy season, can't complain, we had 2.5 days of overcast, 1 day of rain, and 3.5 days of really nice sun. So it wasn't too bad.In conclusion, I have to say this is a beautiful resort, it is large but I don't mind the walking as good exercise, the transit system isn't bad, a stop every 100m from lobby to beach area. Service is excellent, and for those who complain about language barrier, live with it. I mean, their national language is spanish so learn a few spanish word. It is like going to Japan and expect ppl speak English to you, just won't happen. They try hard to understand you and sometimes it does take some patient to explain what you want. But that's the beauty of going to another country. Overall, other than the food and the small beach problem which I found a bit subpar, everything else should point this as a 5 star resort.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ggnutz
<Content>Amazing resort!!!! My friend and I (Females Mid 20's) stayed at the resort for 4dys/3nts. The rooms, the landscaping, the ENTIRE resort is beautiful, clean and the staff is EXCELLENT!! The staff is extremely polite, fun and attentive. We are Spanish-speaking so we probably had an advantage in communicating with the staff. We mostly spent most of our time by the pool next to the beach which we loved. We travled with Apple Vacations and they did Check In right on the bus on the way to the resort so when we arrived, we were able to go straight to our rooms and the beach. We were fortunate enough to get a room (8110) close to the beach but even if you're not, there are trams 24hrs and two pools in the middle of the resort. My only complaint is the food at the Buffets. I wasn't crazy about it at all (eggs were runny, the cheese was left out and looked oily, etc..) but the food at the restaurant (we only ate at the Grill) was very good. I was suggest making reservations at the restaurants.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An unbelievable amazing vacation!  Hello everyone! I am a travel agent who just came back from the Punta Cana area for the 3rd vacation this time staying at the Bahia Principe! One word WONDERFUL! I am a travel agent so needless to stay I have been to alot of places just to let you know this is the best ever! I flew down with Apple Vacations on a nonstop charter flight (def. the way to go, they treat you like you are in first class) Speaking of Apple Vacations our rep. at the hotel was great! She cared so much about wanting to meet with us she left several notes under our door of our hotel room! Since we have been there before and have done just about every excursion we just skipped the orientation all together! The resort is clean beautiful and is full of activities! You WILL NOT be bored! The food is very good the ice cream and fruits are too die for! I would not even waste any money trying to upgrade to the Golden level because the WHOLE resort is magnificent! The people there are so helpful and friendly they are always there to assist they even called us the day we checked out to see if we wanted help with our luggage my husband was thrilled!!!!! The staff are very accommodating and speak english well! Oh yeah don't forget towell cards will cost you $15.00 a piece if you lose them and the staff makes you aware of this upon giving them to you in your possession PLUS it states this fact right on the back of the card so truly the resort is by no means at fault for this if you happen to lose them! If anyone is planning on going to Punta Cana I highly recommend this resort! You WON'T be sorry! Also please feed the poor homeless dogs we sure did and they were so appreciative of this they are so friendly and it's a total shame they just need a home! No one or nothing should ever have to be without a home! We are fortunate enough that we can take care of ourselves but they certainly can't! Some people forget just how lucky they are too even be at such a beautiful resort! Don't forget everything is a very smooth process when you vacation with Apple!!!! GRACIAS!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Newfiechick
<Content>Loved the Bahia. Crazy not to go. We are 3 girls in our 30鈥檚, two married, one single, who stayed at the Bahia Principe from May 7th to May 21st. We absolutely loved our trip and you would be crazy not to go.RESORT:Yes it is huge, 1500 rooms, but you don鈥檛 lose the intimacy like I thought you would with such a large resort. We were there during the slow period, so would probably make a difference with getting to know some of the staff, waiters, bartenders, animation team at peak season. The tram cars for transporting you are such an excellent idea. We had no intentions of using these trams, thought we would walk to get exercise, but when all you do is eat and drink in the sun, you are too lazy to walk. They are good when it is raining. It is extremely clean and kept up well. There is always someone cleaning something somewhere. FOOD:I think the food is a matter of opinion, depending on the individual. I am a picky eater and I thought the food was pretty good but my traveling companions thought the food was excellent. Neither of us was sick due to the food. I was sick due to the marlia medication, but nothing to do with food or drink. We ate to 4 of the 6 restaurants. We didn鈥檛 try the Seafood or Japanese. We ate at the French (twice), Mexican (twice), The Grill and Italian. That is the order we preferred them as well. The main buffet had a good variety as well, but I really missed having the mashed potatoes.The sea food restaurant is available for breakfast and lunch down by the pool.The only disappointment we had was the people we met from the Bavaro side could not sit with us on the Punta Cana side, or vs. versa, in the main buffets.There is a snack bar next to the main pool which is open from 10 AM to 10 PM. There was also another snack bar down to the beach to left if you are looking out at the ocean. They had more variety for lunch than the regular snack bar by the pool.SHOPPING:We walked down the beach to the right about 45 minutes to the venders. We didn鈥檛 get much down here at all. The prices of the T-Shirts weren鈥檛 too bad and I heard the prices on their paintings we good as well. We walked down when it was raining, so the venders with the paintings weren鈥檛 open when we were there. As for their jewelry prices, we didn鈥檛鈥?get any deals at all. We did really well with the venders in the Pubelo Principe Plaza within the resort.ENTERTAINMENT:The evening entertainment is typical of the AI Resorts. The shows are similar to other resorts as well, but they try hard and some of these dancers/entertainers are still only new. They are constantly rehearsing and improving the shows. Last year we stayed at the Iberostar Costa Dorda in Puerto Plata. I don鈥檛 think you could top the animation team there but it is a much smaller resort and they get to know you very well on a personal basis, all of the guests. This animation team is much larger due to the size of the resort. They have to spread themselves very thin, between the beach, main pool and the other two middle pools. They work very hard and do a good job. It鈥檚 difficult for them to get to know the guests because they change from week to week. BEACH:The beach is absolutely gorgeous. It is not pure white, but it much lighter then the beach in Puerto Plata. Also I think the sand is finer as well. The Bahia has a huge beach front with chairs everywhere. There were areas if you wanted to suntan in private as well. Not many people around at all. Because we were there in the off season, May, we had no problems getting chairs. There were palatals available everywhere. They would have a live band playing music a couple days a week, from 4PM to 5PM, weather permitting.POOL:The main pool was absolutely breathtaking. There are two sections to the pool. There is the large main pool, which is where the activities took place, and the middle pool, which had a fountain. Then a kiddy pool and bridge separated the other pool, which had the swim up bar. This swim up bar is such a good idea. Because we had so much rain when we were there, we would just sit at the swim up bar and drink there. The bartenders, Idekal, Dominico, Ramini, Bernardo and Nait were so so good to us. They are so into making sure the guests have so much fun. There are also two pools in the middle of the resort. These are much quieter than the main pool. NIGHTLIFE:The resort itself doesn鈥檛 have a big night life. 11:00 PM the lobby bar closes and if you want a drink you will need to go to the Pueblo Principe Plaza. The Plaza has a Casino, Disco and Karaoke/Piano Bar. Either a house band or a show will take place on the stage in the Plaza from 11PM to 12AM, weather permitting. I鈥檓 not sure what time the Casino closes, Karaoke/Piano Bar closes at 2AM, I think. The Disco is open from 12AM to 2 AM. Once the Animation Team leaves the Disco, 1AM, the disco will start to slow down. If you want more nightlife, the big Disco to go to is the Mangu. This is located at the Grand Flamenco Resort. It is about a $10 taxi ride. I鈥檓 not sure what time they open, but we got there one night around 12:30AM and there was hardly anyone there. We left at 3:30 AM and it was going strong. Apparently this club can be open from anywhere from 5AM to 8 AM.OVERALL:I loved this resort. You cannot go wrong unless you are looking for a place where you are partying all day and night. You can make a good time wherever you go, but if you are young and want something like Cancun would offer this is not the resort for you. If you want relaxation, a beautiful and clean resort, beautiful beach, good food and nice people, this is the place for you. We are planning on going back again next year.If you have questions, email me anytime, gail_dinham_14@hotmail.com.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cmoore10
<Content>Very very nice resort I just want to say that i don't understand the complaints that people make about this resort. My wife and I just got back from the Bahia Principe on June 13th. We were there for 7 nights.OUr trip was absolutely flawless. The flight was perfect (we booked through apple vacations and flew USA 3000) everything was on time. Checkin was a breeze. It probably took 10 minutes to get off the bus into the checkin line and too our villa. The rooms are beautiful, marble floors, satellite TV, stocked minibar. Perfect for the amount of time you spend there. All you do is sleep in there anyway. This resort has three wonderful pools. ONe is very big and is down by the beach. We found this pool to be a little crowded, but if you wanted to be in the action, this was the place to be. If you are looking for more of a laid back time the two pools in the middle of the resort are for you. We recommend the pool with the padded beach chairs. They are awesome. We had no problem finding chairs with a tiki hut. The beach is tremendous. Nice white sand and clear blue water.THe specialty restaurants are good. We ate at the Japanese, Mexican, and the American Grill. All three were great, but the Japanese was the best. We would recommend this resort to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dinabwilson
<Content>Paradise!       Monster Truck Safari trip  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Bahia Principe - moved from a different hotel       Tropicana Theatre  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome resort - paradise!!!!!!!! My boyfriend and I (both 20) stayed at the beautiful Bahia Principe from May 1st to May 8th, and it was outstanding! We flew with Air Transat, everything went well, except on the way to Punta Cana during the landing my boyfriend almost up chucked lol but thats just because he has a week stomach, but thumbs up to Air Transat for a great flight there and back.  When you first step foot on the grounds on the resort its breathtaking... everything is sooooo CLEAN, and the lobby is huge and has all marble floors. The only ONE problem we had staying here was we had to wait about a hour for our room to be ready, but we didnt mind that much, I got to get started on the banana mambas ;) We stayed at Villa 15, on the 3rd floor at room 1506. Let me tell you the rooms are huge, spotless and beautiful!! We had one huge queen bed wich was great, the bathroom was all marbal, and we LOVED the bathtub nice and big!!! We had a great view from our balcony, the amazing pool. Our room was close to everything except for the beach, but we didn't mind taking the trolley that runs about every 3min.The beach is stunning... sand is white, blue water... the ship wreck was kinda cool looking! We ate at 3 al le cartes every other night the seafood, Italian and gourmet, we liked the seafood the best but they were all good. The buffet was always good..... lots of variety!Neither of us got sick from the food!We didn't go on any tours... we just wanted to relax by the pools/beach and tan...nice relaxing vacation (and boy we needed it! lol)The whole staff were awesome!!! they like to pamper u! (Specially at the A Le Cartes) We didn't want to leave when our week was up, I am so going to go back to the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana...... its DEFFFFFFF a 5 STAR Resort!!!!!!!!! U will have a AWESOME TIME!!!!!!! Have funnnnnnnn!!!!! :D  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beachbumm70
<Content>Lost in Paradise We will let all of you decide if you really want to go here now or wait a year or two until they find all the missing pieces to the jigsaw puzzle. I am submitting a letter on this site that I sent to Apple Vacations in regards to our vacation at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana. No more comments are necessary as you will see from our letter. Some areas have been altered or removed to protect privacy issues. Please find as follows:June 6, 2005Apple Vacations WestATTN: Mr. ...................../Vice PresidentRE: Booking # ...................Dear Mr. ....................,I would like to start by thanking you for taking your time in reading this letter. My family and I have just returned from a one week holiday in Punta Cana. I have two children, who is age 9 and , who is age 5. My husband was in the Dominican Republic three months prior to our vacation on a business trip and recommended that we go and visit the country upon his returning to the states. My husband鈥檚 mother and father also accompanied us on this trip as they wished to spend some family time with their grandchildren.I booked a one week vacation through Apple Vacations with ......... ......... was the agent and at the time helped us decide in choosing our destination and the hotel Bahia Principe Punta Cana. I was told at the time of booking, April 6, 2005 that this hotel offered a Club Golden package which was an upgrade for all facilities and the villas in that section were closer to the beach. We chose the upgrade at the time of booking and decided that our trip was to be from May 24th until June 1st, 2005. Upon arriving at the hotel Bahia Principe Punta Cana we were overwhelmed by it鈥檚 beauty, cleanliness and the service from the staff. I regret to inform you though; there were some situations that occurred that we believe you should be notified of. A 鈥渢ram鈥?had taken us from the main lobby on the Punta Cana side of the resort to our room on the third floor in building number 33. Not only is this building not part of the 鈥淐lub Golden鈥?as we were informed we would receive, it backed into a construction zone where workers were diligently digging with back-hoes and bulldozers. We all went back to the main lobby and explained that we were to be by the ocean in the Club Golden section and were instructed to either pay them an additional $20.00 US dollars to be moved there or contact our agent. I find this disgusting that bribery is taken to move you to a better room. We saw many persons taking money out of their wallets and giving it to the front lobby staff without hesitation, and the staff pocketing it. We chose to contact our agent ................ who explained to us that there must have been a 鈥渕isunderstanding鈥?when booking because Apple does not offer the Club Golden option with this hotel, but she would try to have us moved to another room closer to the beach and away from the construction zone. We were to wait about an hour, go have something to eat and check with the lobby. When we returned to the lobby they were ready to move us to another room. We were sent to gather our luggage and be moved to another room. The baggage men then took our luggage and brought it down two flights of stairs as we were on the third floor, and then dropped the luggage on the first floor room in 33111 and 33110 (in the same building!!), as my in-laws were in a room next to us. This was our move to another room. By this time from our initial arrival at about 12:30, it was now about 5:00 p.m. and we were tired and chose to accept the room they were giving us. Disappointment is all I can say to this situation. I would like to also make you aware of the stray dogs that litter the beach at all times of the day. They will come up to my children to be pet and I was horrified to see them defecate on the beach several times in the vicinity of my beach chairs without it being cleaned up. Later on a walk with my mother-in-law and children down a beautiful stretch of beach another dog defecated by the water and promptly ran away. Again, I do not think I need to go into detail about this subject other than I found it disgusting. The hotel is immaculate; the grounds are beautiful and well taken care of. Our rooms were cleaned well by our maid and mini-bar stocked at all times without requests. However, communication between staff and guest need some improvement. On the second night of our trip we went to make dinner reservations for four nights. The computer was down at the time and not working. A guest representative had taken the information down on paper and said it would be put into the computer and the dinner tickets would be delivered to our room that evening. We waited until the following morning and no dinner reservations arrived at our rooms. Again, we walked down to guest services and received apologies with tickets printed out and handed to us. Again having to take time out of our stay to receive something that should have been taken care of within the prior evening. Sunday night was booked for the French restaurant. Reservations for 7:00 p.m. I would like for you to be aware that we sat outside of the French restaurant until 7:15 pm until we figured out it was not open. We went to the front desk lobby and asked about the restaurant and were told yes, that is the restaurant and yes, you sit and wait. My husband went around the building to another restaurant the Gourmet and was accepted by them for the six of us with our ticket as we were informed by them the French restaurant is not open on Sundays. Every time we wanted to contact our Apple Representative she was not available. Her hours were very erratic, especially on the day of our arrival. We were told that she should be in around 4:00 pm, but, it could be as late as 7:00pm. We needed some help at times with straightening situations out and being directed to the proper areas of the resort and nobody was available for this. This is very distressing as we were pointed in wrong directions and walked in circles for the first few days wondering why there was no help for us through your company. Nothing was given to us about a meeting or conference with the representative at any time. We were not issued towel cards upon arrival nor did the children receive wrist bands and the hotel did not seem too concerned about this either. After asking several time while waiting for issues to be resolved my children received the bands, but we were never given towel cards. Now, in order to check-out you need these cards or you pay $20.00 fees on the towels. My husband obtained these cards from a towel hut by handing in our towels from the week at time of departure. There is a lack of communication with this situation as they will charge your credit card with this if you do not present these cards when you check-out. Finally, Mr. ..........., we came down to the lobby to check-out and asked the front desk several times is this where the Apple Bus picks us up to the airport. They strongly instructed us to stay put and the bus will come around and take us to the airport. Pick-up time was at 9:00 a.m., we were the only individuals in that lobby at the time. On a hunch I had the front desk contact the other side of the resort and the Apple Representative who then instructed us we were on the wrong side of the resort and the bus does not pick us up there. My husband then stepped in and became fairly upset. He had been accepting the above very well until this situation arose. We had become tired of the miscommunications, misunderstandings, profuse apologies, running from one side of the resort to another with their mistakes and lack of detail. We feel that we wasted a few days time trying to pry information from these people who just did not seem interested in making our stay comfortable. Mr. ..........., I travel about every couple of years with Apple Vacations as I have two small children and do not get a chance to get away for 鈥渧acations鈥?too often. This one takes the cake. I returned tired, irritated and confused why a resort like this had so many internal problems with general management. I had once asked the front lobby to call and check if the Apple Representative was available without us having to walk around to the other side of the hotel (this is a fairly large hotel, about two football fields) and was told that they did not know if she was in or not. I told them that is not what I am asking for, could they please contact the other side so we did not have to run over there to see if she was in or not. I was told to wait 10 minutes before the call could be made. What for? I really do not know, my husband just stood there frustrated and upset. We waited and made the lobby call. We spent almost $4,000.00 on this trip. I was looking forward to paradise and instead received a very disturbing situation to where I feel I was let down by Apple Vacations. You need to be made aware of the internal problems in this hotel. Management is a serious problem at this hotel. What a shame because it really is a beauty to look at but when you have to deal with the internal part of it, you just want to pack up and go home. We saved our money to be able to go on a trip like this and feel we did no receive our money鈥檚 worth. I am home now with my two children and do not feel as rested as I thought I would be. I am still frustrated and upset with the whole situation and feel as though I need a break from all the running and confusion I was exposed to. Please Mr. ............, if there is anything that you can do as the Vice President of this company to make our situation more acceptable we would be very appreciative of your concerns and generosity. We are a younger couple, I myself am 35 and my husband is 42, with two young children and we have just returned from a disappointing vacation. We do not get to travel often because of monetary issues, and really look forward to trips like these. It is really sad because we love your company and would like to travel with you again, but feel that situations like these need to be brought to your attention so in the future you will not have to receive letters of this kind. I really hope to hear from you and you can either reach me at my home number which is: or contact me via mail at:Any answer to this letter is greatly appreciated. I thank you once again for you time and concern in these above stated issues. I hope to be able to travel with your company in the future, wherever my travels may take us and am able to stand behind your company鈥檚 name with positive attitude and feedback. Best Regards,c.c.: Mr. .............., President Apple Vacations, Inc.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hooch
<Content>Wish I was still there My boyfriend and I stayed at the Bahia Principe May 7 - 14. The first thing I can say that it was fantastic. I was a bit skeptical because of all the bad reviews but we absolutely loved it. I didn't have any bad experiences. The resort is beautiful, clean, elegant. We enjoyed everything from booze, food, beach, pools, staff. The staff are so friendly, polite. They make you feel really welcome. We stayed in room 30101 it was right beside this swamp area and I thought there would be a lot of bugs but there wasn't hardly any. I got bit by mosquitos in the main lobby mainly at night since we closed the bar every night. The A la carte resaurants were fantastic we were supposed to get 4 a la cartes and we got 6 so that was the bonus. We tried french twice, Italian, Japanese, Mexician and Steakhouse. The french was the best in my opinion.The beach was beautiful the water was great. We went skinny dipping the second last night and it was fantastic the water was great. Be careful with the sun it is very strong bring sunscreen and aloe vera you will need it. If you want to buy stuff go to the market on the beach which is about 4 kilometers from the resort it is a long walk so cover up in the sun. You can bargain with them and get better prices than on the resort. It's also interesting to experience.There is a trolly train that runs throught the resort that goes from the beach to the main lobby you won't wait long for it maybe 3-5 minutes at the most. They go by close to eachother so keep hands and arms inside.Tipping: I tipped the staff because I am a waitress but I also know they don't make a lot of money so I encourage you to tip. Not much a dollar here and there. We tipped the maid 1-2 dollars a day and left her some toiletries on the last day. The bartenders the same about 1-2 dollars everyday. But I did tip a girl by the name Ariels( wrong spelling I'm sure) 20 US by the end of the week becuase she went out of her way to make us laugh our butts off everyday. Not only that she was very nice and I enjoyed seeing her everyday.We had some problems the first 2 days setting up the safe in our room but it got fixed and problem solved. The room was really nice. Great bathtub. Anyways I could go on forever because there were so many nice things but I will finish off by saying that we had a blast. WE are a couple so I don't know how much fun singles or families have but I am sure they did. The food was great and keep in mind you are in the caribbean and considering how much seafood was there and my boyfriend being allergic to it we had no problems. For sure I thought I would gain 10 pounds but I actually lost 3 when I got back. If you are planning to go don't question it just go and have fun I know we did.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great holiday My husband and I went to Club Bahia Principe for a week in December '04. We had a great time, our room was clean - spotless and was well kept by the maids daily (we left a $2.00 tip everyday) and always had clean towels in the bathroom, and towels made into swans or hearts with flower petals all over the bed. There were housecoats in the room to use as well as umbrellas(which we never needed) the weather was perfect. The service at the restaurants, and pool bars was good. We always left good tips as they worked very hard to make our trip enjoyable. We ate at the Japanese restaurant twice, the steak house once (didn't like that very much), the international restaurant was good. The buffet at lunch is good they service hot dogs, hamburgers, pizza(really good). Didn't eat at the Mexican-no reason why really just didn't. The nightly entertainment on stage was good, it was something to do instead of going to the casino. The grounds are huge so they have shuttle golf carts and literally you just wave them down or wait at a station. There is a shopping plaza, good prices for silver, and the stuff you buy to bring home to people. I would strongly suggest not forgetting sunscreen,lotion,advil etc as in the store it is extremely expensive.ie: after sun lotion $20.00. I bought the same thing at home for $6.00 Cdn.  The pools are clean and they have daily entertainment around the main pool every afternoon. The beach was clean,ocean warm and the service great. We went on a snorkling trip that was about 2 hours long, you dont need to go on a snorkling trip to see reef or fish though, just walk towards the flea market (looking out twards the ocean turn left) just past the rope that they have for the swimming area, go in the ocean there and you will see schools of fish go a little further and you will coral with all of its wildlife. I hopeif you decide to stay here you have a good time. We got what we were expecting, all we were worried about was the food, the weather and a great beach. All of which were met. We will go back to Dominican maybe not to Club Principle (as there are different areas of the island we would like to see) But we would stay at another Bahia Principe somewhere else. PS- lots of people go topless, so if you decide to do that either start tanning before leaving home or put sunscreen on them!Have a great trip.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Here is the scoop! My family of 4 along with 7 other family members just returned yesterday from our 7 night stay at the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana. Just like everyone else, we were very concerned about whether we would enjoy this resort and the food. After you plan so much and research your vacation choice you really want everything to be what you are hoping for. My family has been to Punta Cana before and we stayed at the Bavaro Beach Resort and fell in love with the resort and the area. Our family group, ages 45, 41, 38, 37, 36, 32, 15, 10, 5 and 1 have traveled extensively and have stayed at both excellent resorts and horrible ones so I feel this review is very mainstream, but everyones opinions and perceptions differ. We feel like your vacation is what you make of it and you can have a good time anywhere but you should get what you pay for.WEATHER:Our first concern was the weather. I can tell you that the forecasts on the internet all predicted 60% chance of rain everyday we were there and partly cloudy/thunderstorms. We had perfect, sunny, hot, beautiful weather everyday except for the last day, when it was overcast but no rain! Evidently, the forecasts always include a high percentage of rain probability. I really don't think anyone has to worry about a total rain out on their vacation. Be prepared for the humidity. It was very, very, humid. The temperatures ranged from 85 to 89 all week but the humidity was thick.RESORT:Overall this was a beautiful resort and very clean for the most part. There has been alot of money put into this resort. The rooms were just about perfect and so were the common areas. People were always cleaning, polishing, painting, etc. I don't think you could find a more tidy and neat resort. This resort is VERY LARGE, it is true that there are over 1,600 rooms total. I don't think that the resort was full while we were there but we prefer a smaller resort of 500 to 600 rooms max. We upgraded to the Club Hacienda program before we left hoping to get a room with an ocean view and closer to the beach. I can definatly tell you to save your money! I would not recommend any upgrades for a better room as none of the buildings have an ocean view or are beach front...NONE! I promise! It basically only got us an extra night of dinner at the reservation only restaurants instead of the three that were included normally. The resort has 4 very large multiple pools although a majority of people go the main two at the beach. My family spends more time on the beach, probably 80% with only 20% at the pool. Our room was in building 30, room 30307. Our balcony overlooked construction which was very disappointing! The other two families rooms, 30308 and 30309 also overlooked the same construction. After walking the resort and seeing the other buildings we would get if we upgraded to the Gold program (another $200 per person for the week) we decided to stay put since you don't spend that much time in your room. As I said, none of the buildings overlook the ocean and beach but Gold level is closer to the beach area. There are trams/trollies to take you everywhere but this resort is very spread out and I can tell you, that you can't just walk out of your room and walk down to the beach. In the center of the resort is an area of swamp and trees, they call it a nature reserve but as others have said, it was just ugly and an inconvenience to pass through to get to the beach. At the trolly drop off beach area, you still have to walk quite a ways to get to the beach. My family didn't like the ship that was beached out in the ocean. We had seen the photos and knew it was there but didn't think it would be a big deal to us. And it wasn't really too bad, but I prefer to be in my own private Idaho if you will and didn't like scanning out over the ocean to see a big rusty ship sticking out of the ocean. BEACH and POOLS: My family had been to Punta Cana before, two years ago and stayed at the Bavaro Beach Resort. We fell in love with the beautiful white sand and crystal clear blue waters. At Bahia we found the beach to have more debris like leaves and sticks. We also found about 10 pieces of glass in the sand while we were there. The ocean also had much more seaweed in it at this resort. There were some sections of the ocean that were more clear. We always walked to the left of the main pool to get our spot on the beach. We found it to be a little less crowded and the ocean was clearer. Tons of huts and chairs, although like others have stated, you have to get there early or reserve with towels, books etc to get the primo spots. There is a volleyball court set up on the beach as well as a soccer area. The ocean has a drop off of about a foot about 5 feet. Much more seaweed than we had at Barcelo Resort. Beach towels were provided everyday, you used a card system and returned dirty towels for fresh ones or cards for the next day. All of the pools close at 8pm and the pool bars close at 6pm. We thought this was very early! The times were strictly enforced also. Some other guests told us they went swimming very quietly at 8:30pm. Security came and made them get out and then escorted them to their room.FOOD and DRINK:Of the reservation resturants the Japanese is by far the best! Next would be the Steakhouse, then the French. We also ate at the Italian which was the only one that was really awful across the board. Everyone in our group disliked their food there. We did not try the seafood or mexican so I cannot comment. The restaurants were very nice as far as atmosphere and service. Definatley 5 star in this area. Beautiful china, table linens, wonderful food, etc. The snack bar by the pool, Piscis was not very good. We found the other snack area Las Olas to the left of the pool to be much better with more variety and correct temperature of food. At Piscis the salad dressings and other cold foods were kept out with no ice or refrigeration, there were more flys and bugs etc. Drinks were very good but not too much variety of specialty drinks. At Barcelo they had tons of drink varieties and would make recommendations for you if you liked. Here, when I asked, I was never given any suggestions. We usually stayed with the Coco Locos, Pina Coladas or Bahama Mamas for frozen, fruity drinks. We had to ask for rum to make sure we got it in our drinks from time to time. Drinks were not consistent as others have said. The buffet is all the way at the front of the resort so you really must take a tram. Big variety and average quality for the most part. We all always found something to eat. We never went hungry. IMPORTANT: If you plan on eating at the Japanese resturant, you cannot be late! We arrived 10 minutes late and were turned away. We had to speak with someone in the Club Hacienda area to get this straightened out and finally got new reservations at 8:45pm. It was a huge ordeal but we were celebrating two birthdays this night and had made special arrangements for a cake and flowers for the birthday guy and girl. It was very frustrating but in the end, they accomodated us and it was our fault that we were late. As someone else mentioned on this posting, it is vacation and we didn't think 5 to 10 minutes was a big deal. But trust me, at this restarant it is! Don't be late because this is by far the best resturant. Also we made reservations at check in for the whole week at the four resturatnts. Someone had posted to give them a little money and they will do this for you, but they did it for us, with no money extra. With Club Hacienda level we had free room service but after trying to use it four times and never getting it, we gave up! We did take travel mugs (32oz. size) for everyone in our party. It was a valuable lesson we learned from our previous trip. I promise it will be money well spent as it will keep you from making so many trips to the bar for soft drinks and mixed drinks. ACTIVITIES:We all enjoyed the free catamarans everyday for an hour (you do have to make reservations at the water activitieis area to the right at the beach). We also snorkeled and took part in the daily afternoon dance lessons at the pool. The animation team tries really hard but the shows in the evening were really sad. We enjoyed the Barcelo much more. We also paid for the parasailing, banana ride and Manatea park which were great. We did not do the Sanoa Island tour but others we met at the resort did take it and highly recommended it. There is also mini golf and tennis but it is at the very front of the resort and as far as I saw, you have to walk there.ROOMS: All of the rooms (the three our families were in) had a musty smell. It didn't really bother me but others we were with sprayed febreeze and lit candles and it took care of it. Rooms were beautiful and very well kept. Remember this resort is only about a year old. They kept Principe beer, bottled water, 7-up and Pepsi in your refrigerator every day. Air condiditoner was not too strong. We kept our fans on high and thermostat on as low as possible and our room stayed 72 degrees the entire time. It was fine with the ceiling fan on. The saftey deposit box is $30 for the week. We just took luggage locks and locked a suitcase with our valuables in it. There is a clock in the room but everyday when the maids would come in and turn off the lights the power to the clock cut off and we had to reset it. We brought a travel clock and began using it after the second day so we didn't have to reset thiers everyday. We left $1 everday for the maid and tipped the bellmen and extraordinary service. This was not mandatory and I don't think it made a difference in your level of service. We just felt that these folks work very hard and are less fortuante that us economically. PUEBLO PRINCIPE (SHOPS-VILLAGE)There is a disco, casino, karioke bar and shops in this area. We visited all of them and they were each good. We spent more time in the karioke bar but the guys went to the casino almost every night. OVERALL:This is a newer resort so it is very clean and nice. We are comparing it to the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort we stayed at two years ago. The rooms are much nicer here than those at the Barcelo Resort, except for the lack of views. Beach is better at Barcelo, but pools better here. Food is better here than Barcelo but staff much nicer at Barcelo. We definatly like the Barcelo Bavaro Resorts better, they are much smaller and the resort is laid out much better. Their is immediate access to the beach and pools. Every room at Barcelo has an ocean view...EVERY ONE! None have a view of that here. The interior buildings can have views of the pools and common areas which is much better than the contruction we overlooked. We will go back to the DR but will stay at Barcelo Bavaro Palace. If you are looking for a huge mega resort that you can never see all of, this is your place. If you want a smaller, more reclusive area, don't book this resort. Although it was huge, we never had lines or crowds anywhere but at the trolley stops. We did have to wait just about everytime we rode the trolley. We each had a few mosquito bites but nothing really bad, we didn't even use the Off or Skin so Soft that we brought. No one in our party had any stomach or intestinal problems the whole week. We ate their ice and drank their water from the bars and restaurants. In our rooms we used bottled water for drinking and brushing our teeth. No problems what so ever.FEEL FREE TO EMAIL ME WITH ANY QUESTIONS OR CLARIFICATIONS. I WILL BE HAPPY TO RESPOND.gingerathome@comcast.net  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>deeml23
<Content>Bahia Principe is great       view from our room  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good tips All together a very good hotel except for the poor service at the reception. Check in very desorganized, though they were friendly. Very good service in the restaurants and lots of choice. The environment is beautifull; tropical vegetation and close to the beach. the excursions were pretty expensive. Luckily we met an excursionoffice out of the hotel and it was worth it; half the price and personalized service (wimpyja@hotmail.com). A great experience. We麓ll go back  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceeded my expectations!!!! Myself and three friends from Philly, NJ, and NY vacationed at the Bahia Principe from May 27-June 1st. We experienced no problems.CHECK IN: A Breeze. We arrived at the hotel around 4:30 and were checked in with ease.ROOM: Very Nice. The bathroom is definitely beatiful. The room was clean spacious and inviting. The mini fridge is stocked with 7up, pepsi, diet pepsi water and beer. It is refilled daily. Beach: Definitely Beautiful. No matter what time we arrived on the sand(10:00, 12:00 or 2:00) we never had a problem finding an umbrella and chairs. But make sure you put on enough sun block because the sun can be serious.Pool: The Best. All three pools are magnificent with swim up bars, plenty of chairs and warm water. Pool 1 (on Bavaro side) is quiet for the relaxed. Pool 2(on Punta Cana side) had some activities and music playing daily. Pool 3(Main pool by beach) was always action packed. Music played all day and most activites took place here(dance lessons, water aerobics, daily games..) FOOD: Delicious. We were there for 6 days and received 3 reservations. The Japanese restaurant was by far the best. A definite must. The buffet is always good with a wide variety of choices. There are two snack bars by the beach open from 10:00-10:00. The menu was basic hamburger, hot dog, roast chkn, fries, onion rings and fresh fruit. There is also a 24 hour snack bar in the Pueblo with the same basic menu. This place comes in handy when you have been out all night and need a little something.Entertainment: Party on other resorts. The only downside to this hotel is the nightly show. You shouldnt waste my time. There was one night that Karaoke was held in the theatre. That would be the only night I recomend you attending. There was however a casino (small but it gets the job done), La Bachata (on site club), and piano bar (nightly Karaoke) at The Bahia.I would recomend all who visit Punta Cana to go to Mangu(the club on Flamenco property). It was the best. cost is $8 cab ride and $6 admittance which includes a drink ticket. Most other off site clubs Bacha(in Riu) and Arrietto (in Occidental Allegro) are free, but you must pay for your drinks. Shopping: Better at Bahia. Most people said that souvenirs were cheapper in the town of Higuey(about 40 minutes away). Dont believe the hype. The Pueblo prices undercut the town shops by 50% on some items but at lease 10-20% on most. Go to Higuey and La Romana for the tour. Not the shops.There are many things to do at The Bahia and Punta Cana. I recomend you get in touch with your tour operator and he/she will take care of you. I also recomend a Spanish to English pocket dictionary. Whole sentences are not necessary but knowing a few key words/phrases in Spanish will definitely help your comunication with the locals. Bring plenty of singles for tips. The workers on average make $200 a month. They do depend on our tips and work hard to earn them. All in all I receommend this hotel highly to anyone who enjoys a timeless getaway with top notch customer service. I would definitely go back to the Bahia tomorrow if i could.Please feel free to contact me if you want more details.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful - apart from the mosquitoes Stayed at the BP from 16th May to 31st May this year.Check-in at the hotel was slow when we finally arraived. However, when we saw our room and the rest of the hotel once we had settled in you soon forgot anything negative in a 9陆 hours flight and 2 hour transfer.There are 3 pools spread out in the resort area. A 4th is for premium customers only. The pools and pool furniture were clean and well maintained. They even had a waitress service at some points of the day.Resturants - Tried the French (le Gourmet), Italian (Il Capriccio), Steak House (Garden Grill) and the Mexican and Japanese. May favourite from all the resturants was Le Gourmet. The food was wonderful. Not to mention that there was an extensive range at the bufett resturant every night too.Anyway, would recommend the hotel to old and young. Not the place for a group of girld or boys to holiday at. Like most Brits, I have to pick a fault and that would be the mosquitoes at the resort. There seemed to be plenty. However, I would go there again in maybe a couple of years.Thank you Bahia Principe for a wonderful holiday.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful resort We have stayed at many resorts in the Caribbean over the years and have cruised extensively. We stayed at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana, Golden Club, May 22 thru May 29,2005. We arrived on Sunday, our flight was early and bus was late and showers that lasted through the evening greeted us.  Check-in was done on the bus. On arrival at the hotel you have the option of having a welcome cocktail or going directly to your room, which we did. The bellboys take you and your luggage to your room on motorized transporters. Later we went to lobby and got the safe activated $30 for the week. Well worth not having to worry about documents and valuables. They said you didn鈥檛 have to program it but we did put our own code in. Bring an old card to put in the slot to keep your power on when you leave the room an old grocery or inactivated gift card will work fine.Mosquitoes-saw none at all in the room or beach only place we saw a couple was in the lobby once. Got a couple of bites but we didn鈥檛 use repellent.Monday was beautiful and sunny. Tuesday rain from 2PM on. Wednesday 鈥?Sunday beautiful and sunny. HOT and HUMID (but that鈥檚 what beaches are for).Room: We had 2nd floor balcony room 3rd building from the beach building #22. Great location. Right near Pescador and El Charro Restaurants. Beautiful marble everywhere. Plenty of closet, drawer and shelf space. Closets are short so long items don鈥檛 lay well. We had very comfortable king pillow top bed. If you need extra pillows just ask the maid. For more hangers you have to call room service.Remember this is the Caribbean and it is damp. We found if we kept fan on low it helped the musty order that you get. You might want to bring incense or a candle. We also brought dryer sheets for suitcases. An umbrella for 2 is provided in your room.Coffee maker provided makes 3 cups per pack usually 2 packs provided daily unless you ask for more. Coffee is strong but not bitter, regular sugar, Splenda and creamer provided. Mini-bar: a dollar or two in the mini-bar with a note got you as much water, regular and diet Pepsi, seven-up and Presidente beer as you wanted.All lights in the room are small teardrop bulbs so lighting is dim even in bathroom probably to keep energy costs down. Remote TV has HBO, CNN, FOX5, TNT, TBS, ANIMAL PLANET, DISCOVERY, NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, BET, NBC, and NICKELODIAN, many of which are in English. Adults check out CH. 34 after midnight.There is a clock/radio/alarm but use the wake up call on your phone because sometimes there was a power outage or surge and it disabled the clock, which had to be reset. It only happened a couple times during the week. IF YOU CALL HOME TO USA IGNORE PHONE INFORMATION ON CARDS IN ROOM. LEAST EXPENSIVE WAY TO CALL IS TO CALL DIRECT FROM YOUR ROOM. DIAL 9 1 AREA CODE AND NUMBER. ROUGHLY $1.00 a minute which you pay for at checkout. Bathroom: Amenities: 2 tooth brushes, 2 sample tooth paste, shower cap, shoe shine sponge, bath gel, shampoo/conditioner, soap. Normal plugs in room but not 3 prongs. Hair dryer hot and plenty of power. Jacuzzi bath with hand held showerhead. Large wall mounted mirror/magnifier which when turned in at an angle reflected light towards large bathroom mirror, which really helped. Otherwise lighting was on the dim side. Room service: We ordered 2 continental breakfasts which were delivered with-in 10 minutes, 30 minutes is suggested. We got sliced fruit-papaya, cantelope, watermelon, two 8 ounce glasses orange juice, 2 yogurt, 2 butter and jelly, 4 small croissants, muffins, 2 small pastries, 1 carafe coffee and hot milk, diet and regular sugar. Snacks can be ordered 11AM to 11PM items are Hamburgers (which are more like sausage), pizza margarita, roasted chicken, hot dog, ham/cheese sandwiches, and fruit plateGOLDEN CLUB GUEST SERVICE AREA:Internet for Golden Club 鈥?5 minutes at a time free at Golden Club guest service. Also in the evening they serve top shelf drinks there. Newspapers can be viewed here daily. If not Golden Club you can go to Internet caf茅 located in Pueblo Principe for a charge.DINING TIMES: 7-10:30 for breakfast1-3:30 for lunch7- 10 for dinnerRestaurants/Menus:When you go to guest services to schedule your specialty restaurants ask to see the menu book, check the back of the book as it lists the different theme nights in the main buffet. Buffet themes are like Mexican, Italian, and Dominican etc. You don鈥檛 need reservations for the buffets. Specialty restaurants were air-conditioned.Japanese-Mikado on Punta Cana sideExcellent! They serve 12 at the center cooking stationAppetizers served were sushi with dipping sauce and tempuraUtensils included normal silverware plus 鈥渃heater chopsticks鈥?connected at one end for easy use if don鈥檛 know how to use them. You had a choice of beef, chicken, fish or shrimp or a sample of each, all were excellent. Fried rice and vegetables were also served. After the main meal you are seated at your own table in another room for dessert and after dinner drink.Gourmet-French RestaurantWelcome drink and flaming cappuccino rounded out this meal.Entrees included choices of lamb chops, mahi mahi, almond crusted red snapper and others. Salad was julienne sliced vegetables and very good. French onion soup is not what we were used to. It was good but was a light broth with a few onions and baguette slice. Desserts included Mousse, Napoleon and others.The Grill Restaurant (steakhouse)Excellent! Try the rib eye. Very tasty and tender.Tenderloin wasn鈥檛 as good but it just could have been that particular cut. Other dishes were chicken, fish, and BBQ ribs. One of the soups was steak soup. Caesar salad was actually regular lettuce at the salad bar add your own anchovies, dressings etc.  Appetizers included at the salad bar included chili con carne, deep fried cheese sticks, potato skins. Cheesecake for dessert was nice and heavy but a different consistency than NY Style. Bread pudding was good.We actually cancelled our 4th restaurant choice because we enjoyed the choices at the main buffet for dinner. Food: We enjoy trying different foods from different countries. To us it鈥檚 all part of our vacation. You have to remember guests here are from Germany, Spain, Italy, England, France, Canada and US etc. so there has to be a variety of foods for different tastes. Coffee is very dark; they serve it with hot milk. If you don鈥檛 want it that way just ask for black coffee and ask for creamer or get it from the coffee bar. Teas are available also. Coffee, tea and pastries are available in both lobbies from 10am to 10pm.Breakfasts and lunches at the Pescador were surprisingly good and varied. Breakfast items like scrambled eggs, sausage, pancakes, French toast, crepes, fruits juices, breads (toaster next to breads) sweet rolls etc. If you don鈥檛 see it ask for it one morning they didn鈥檛 have scramble eggs out so we asked for them. They made them for us with no problem. They are happy to make you happy.If you want a larger selection for breakfast (like made to order eggs) and lunch the main buffet is your best bet. We tried both and depending on how much variety we wanted and the location we wanted to eat at made our decision on the one choose.Lunch at the beach snack bars 10am to 6pm was also good, amongst other things great taco chips and cheese. Sangria was good. Coconut ice cream. We liked the Las Olas it was our favorite snack bar you can use either one or both.Main Lunch/Dinner buffets had salad bars, pasta bars, carving stations, stir fry stations, lunchmeats, dessert stations, etc. etc. some nights flaming drink station, other nights fresh cheese station. Order the drinks you want, house wines weren鈥檛 bad.  Guest transport busses:They travel from one end of the resort to the other end. They travel down the center of the resort. They run all day, and you never have to wait more than a few minutes. They usually wait to depart when they see the other bus coming. There are small bus stops along the way where they stop to pickup and drop off passengers. Keep your arms in. They pass each other VERY close.Surprises:How close the 2 lobbies are to each other. They are connected by the Tropicana show area. They are very similar but have different attitudes. Bavaro side seemed younger due to the 鈥渂artender displays of tossing bottles and shakers鈥? the Mamajuana cart serving drinks, the flaming coffee table serving Irish coffee in a very dramatic way. The Punta Cana side had a better singer from 8- 10 PM. You can use either lobby/bar so if you want variety go to both sides on the same or different nights. Tropicanna showroom shows movies at 7PMShows: they try real hardDrinks: - never had to wait. Lobby Bar had the best drinks. Try the Margarita and Coco Locos. Great! There are drink menus available. If you鈥檙e not in the mood for alcohol, order it without. Watch the rum drinks, they use 151. Bars at the beach are more than happy to fill your mug with booze of your choice, soft drinks or fill empty water bottles.We booked in the Punta Cana Golden Club 鈥?but were actually in Bldg 22 on the Bavaro side but still Golden Club..Palapas were plentiful and open on both sides, no matter what time you got to the beach. Of course it was off season (May 22-29) and the Bavaro side was almost always empty.Lobby Shops:There are different things to buy at the 2 shops (Punta Cana vs Bavaro). The only US Cigarettes available was Marlboro. Suntan lotion was $21, L鈥橭real Mousse $18, Halloween size candy bar $.83, Regular size candy $2.33, Tabloid type magazine $15, Pringles $6鈥?. Sun and relaxation鈥?Priceless.Coffee, vanilla and Mamajuana were good deals. Coffee $4 per pound. Tip: If you bring back Mamajuana bring back the liquid the wood products are not allowed to be brought back to some countries.Pueblo Principe: Drinks included here (only here you sign for them but don鈥檛 pay ) except at Casino where you pay.This is where there are several shops (swimwear, T shirts, local art work, cigars, liquor)There were also about 10 carts in the middle of the square 鈥?where they would bargain with you. They did not have any entertainment here until at least 10PM and later. Disco did not start until midnight 鈥?we never made it.Cigars 鈥?excellent selection at the Pueblo Principe shop.Photo Shop at Pueblo Principe is where you find any pictures taken during your stay. We had one taken at the Mikado ($6 each)Photos taken during your arrival at the airport will be displayed at the airport during departure $6 each.Casino at Pueblo Principe 鈥?had several nickel slots, all of which were VERY VERY tight. They had some tables, but as we do not play the tables I could not tell you what they were. Play in US dollars鈥?pay in US dollars. (We did not find out as there was no PAY involved; just play.Checkout can be the night before but you still have to wait at the counter to turn in your key card. Call bellboy to pick you and your luggage up. We called and they were there in 20 minutes. Once we turned in our key card, we put our luggage in the room next to guest services.We had no problems at all at checkout or the bus ride to the airport.Had no problems at the airport. Terminal 2 on the 2nd floor area is cooler. The area on the way to the 2nd floor Terminal 2 is the coolest spot in the airport.There is an air conditioned VIP lounge available for $25 per person. There is also an air conditioned SkyLounge Bar.Bring plenty of small US bills they mostly give change in their currency which you cannot turn back for USDollarsWe loved this beautiful property and its people. Learn a little Spanish and go with an open mind and you will have a ball. Any questions feel free to e-mail me.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pauladu
<Content>Great place ..planning to go back       cigar museum-bavaro runners  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DestinationGoddess
<Content>Truly a 5 Star Facility!!!       perfection  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic...They treat you great!!! We just got back May 25th 2005 from the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana. Married couple in our 40's, just looking to relax. Very professional staff that aimed to please. No pushy sales of any kind. This hotel pays close attention to detail. Rooms impeccable, food service great!! Plenty of selection for food. Presentation wonderful.From what I was hearing on the plane ride home, many people had bad experiences in other hotels, not us!!! You could never be disappointed with this one , for the $$$ it's great. Great mix of people, although not a lot of singles I can tell. We took precautions by taking the Malaria medication prior to our going as the CDC recommended. Saw not ONE Mosquito and threw meds out when we got home.Go, relax and enjoy!!!  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Resort       Staff making us happy  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's all about the way it looks...! In order to avoid bad weather, my girlfriend and I decided to go to Dominican Republic for some sun....yeah right ! One sunny day out of seven.But let's talk about the Hotel for a second, I noticed there is a trend in new Hotels being built lately, it's all about the lobby ! They MUST built the BIGGEST, FANCIEST, SHINNYEST lobby they can.When you arrive at the Hotel you then go...WOW, what a Hotel !But behind the glamour you will find a sad story. Food, hummm, not sure how to describe it really, looks very impressive from the first glance upon walking into the dinning room but once your reach the actual buffet it is disappointing. Once it will reach your mouth, it's even worse, it either tastes like fish or like pork, whatever the dish.Of course there is a few Chefs waiting to take your order for making this incredible pasta plate the way you want it, the problem is that once you have chosen your ingredients you hand them to the Chef and he cooks them all for less than 20 seconds...mine had bacon in it, what a treat, raw bacon !None of the staff speaks anything else than Spanish so whenevr you ask for something the answer is always YES....Shows were pathetic. This Hotel should be rated 3 STARS (I'm being nice)  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! I stayed at the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana in March of 2005, and I really loved it. The hotel is stunning and everyone who stayed while I was there said the same thing. The staff who work there are really nice - some of the women were kind of stand offish and didn't really want to serve you, but for the most part everyone was VERY friendly. There was no problems with our room except my parents weren't happy they had to pay money for the safe, other than that - the rooms are really clean and well taken care of. The resort is right on the beach and the white sand and turquoise water is really inviting, although I spent most of my time laying by the pool. Tip for poolside chairs: get them early! 8am -9am is probably the best. I always put my stuff out and then went for breakfast so I was guaranteed a spot with some shade since it does get REALLY hot. Also there are always activities to join in on...poolside dancing, aerobics, water polo etc. Nightly entertainment was good although, they mostly spoke in Spanish and I didn't understand a whole lot of it. If your young (I'm 21) it's harder to find people your age since it's more upscale, that was my only problem. Check out was a big pain in the butt, we had a 10pm flight and we had to check out at noon, which meant we had to clear our room and put our luggage in a storage closet that wasn't kept locked and people went in and out of. Also when we had to shower and get ready to wait for the bus, we had to grab a room and wait 20 minutes for people who were just hanging out in there for more than there alloted time. Also no one came to clean the room in between. It was really gross and showering was not fun. I was pretty annoyed at that point and wanted to get home, but I never had that thought until then. It's honestly an amazing place to stay and I would go back in a heartbeat. I'm trying to plan another vacation right now (hence, the reason I am on this site!) and I'm afraid to book anywhere else, since I had such good quality here. Go! You'll thank me later. :)  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>HappyGilmore
<Content>Cant wait to go Back Wow. I can't believe anyone would have anything bad to say about this resort.When. May 7, 2005 to May 8,2005Hotel. A 5 plus resort. A facility that you will remember forever.Staffing. Some of the best. The language barrier is overcome by the staffs desire to fullfill your needs and ensure your happiness.Beach. OMG, I just found my retirement dream. beautiful water, fantastic sand and plenty of beach for everyone.Ammenities. Well if you get bored it's your own fault. There is always something to do, Casino, tennis, water sports, spa, disco, etc et etc or you can just eat drink and be happy.The weather contrary to the previous posting it was overcast with periods of rain a few days, and I got a fantastic tan and so did my girlfriend.The visitors to this resort were multi national and what a great experience, everyone was there to have fun, I am sure glad I didnt run into the person who wrote the previous report.Already planning a return trip.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RosieV
<Content>BEAUTIFUL HOTEL........NOT FOR FAMILIES WITH SMALL CHILDREN Well our vacation all in all was very nice, with a few exceptions.....Our check in was no problem.The resort itself is beautiful but way to big...there is a very big problem with the language barrier.....hardley no one spoke english both the staff and vacationers. Mostly everyone there was either from Canada or Europe. The beach is beautiful but depending where you are located within the resort it could be a pretty far walk . And yes it is true that if you do not get to the beach early enough all the huts in front of the pool and bar area are taken. People put there towels down so they could save a spot . That was pretty annoying especially because we where travelling with young children and had to lug everything down the beach until we found a spot to sit. I was aware that alot of woman are topless at this resort but i was under the impression it was at the beach only......That definitely was not the case. Woman were also topless in the pool areas whichi think was pretty inappropiate especially laying right in front of the children's pool area. The food was really good especially breakfast buffet, they had alot to choice from. I definitely recommend the Steak House. None of us got sick from the food or water. My husband brushed his teeth with the water and had no problems at all. I would recommend this hotel to couples and singles only.Not a family resort.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value My family and I stayed at the Bahia Principe during the first week of May, 2005. I have been to the DR once before to the Riu Mambo in Puerto Plata, and in my opinion, this resort was better. I have also traveled to Varadero, Cuba (Superclubs Varadero). For those deciding between Puerto Plata and Punta Cana, you will find that the beaches in PC are *much* nicer, although the resort area itself is more isolated than the Puerto Plata area (which can be a good or bad thing).--GROUNDS: Excellent and well maintained. Although this resort is fairly new, the landscaping is top-notch, much like most of the other resorts in the DR. In addition, the whole complex was always extremely clean with staff working non-stop to keep it in great shape. I've read that a lot of people have been complaining about the bugs in the area, although this wasn't a problem for us at all. I probably got about 3-4 bug bites in the entire week that I stayed there--much less than I would have gotten if I was sitting outside of my house in Ontario. The two lobbys were huge and well designed. There were pleanty of seating areas, and pleanty of waiters were available to take drink orders from the lobby bar--no need to get up!--BEACH: From what I've heard, Punta Cana boasts some of the best beaches in the Carribean, and I believe it. The sand was close to being white in colour, and the beach itself was literally 80 yards wide in some areas. I find it hard to believe that people have had problems with finding chairs at the beach, as in some parts, there were literally 10 rows of chairs/palpalas stretching backwards along the wide beach. My brother and I would frequenty hit the beach at 1:00pm, and had no problems whatsoever finding chairs (although we would normally settle for a seat 3-4 rows back). As for the water, it was a vibrant aqua blue colour (in Cuba, the water was more turquoise/green and in Puerto Plata, it was dark blue). My only complaint was that the water was often too choppy to snorkel in, yet not choppy enough to do any body boarding. Also, the water quickly went to about 4 feet deep as soon as you walked out from the shore. If you're willing to swim out well past the barrier, you can find a coral reef.--POOLS: I don't really come to the Carribean for the pools, but the three pools at the Bahia were all excellent. The main pool overlooks the beach and has a swim-up bar, pool bar, waterfall, and fountain. There are two more pools at the mid-point of the resort, and they both have their own swim-up bars. They also have waiter service at the main pool.--FOOD: Far exceeded my expectations. As I said, I have been to Cuba and Puerto Plata before, but the food at the Bahia was by far the best. The Buffet was the largest that I've seen, and offered foods such as carved hip of beef, BBQ ribs, and a separate cheese bar (not to mention the usual buffet fare). The beach bars also had good food, such as pasta and 1/4 chicken. For some reason, the mini-buffet near the pool wasn't as good. We also ate at four a la cartes. The Italian was probably my favorite, as it offered a full antipasto bar with smoked salmon, prociutto, and foccacia bread. At the Japanese restaraunt, they make the food right in front of you, and although it wasn't authentic, it was still very good. The French restaraunt was also very good. My least favorite was the seafood restaraunt... the lobster was pasty, and the fish were all filled with bones.--DRINKS: As other people have said, the drinks are inconsistent. The lobby bar had by far the best drinks, and they give you them in full-sized glasses with the appropriate sugar/salt rim. Try the Coco Loco and Margarita... they were probably my favorite drinks. Also try the Irish Coffee in the buffet... they literally set the drink on fire and then top it off with whipped cream. The beach bars would usually serve the drinks in cheap plastic cups, but compared to other all-inclusives, they were actually fairly large (~6 oz). Also, we noticed that the bartenders were taking short cuts with the drinks (ie- instead of triple sec, they would almost always use vodka instead). All-in-all, the drinks were better than Cuba, but not as good as the Riu in Puerto Plata.--PEOPLE: As others have said, probably 80% of the resort are europeans, with the rest being mostly Canadians and Americans. Because there is such a wide variety of languages spoken, it was often difficult to communicate with both the staff and other resort guests. Also, most of the resort consisted of married couples, with some families scattered about. The resort isn't an ideal place for singles at all. Towards the front entrance, there is a huge Pueblo Principe area, which is basically a huge square filled with bars, shops, a disco, kareoke, and the casino. There is also a live band playing in the middle stage after 10:00pm. This square definately has the potential of being a LOT of fun, but as I said before, there is a serious lack of singles/young people at the resort, so the area was almost always dead. In fact, they would often shut the disco down early becuase there was nobody attending (I can't say I blame them). As far as the staff goes, all were EXTREMELY friendly. In fact, I noticed that NOT ONE person tipped the bartenders other than my family, and when we did tip, they were very appreciative. Service and quality of drinks did NOT depend on tipping, which is very rare for an all-inclusive.--LOCATION: The entire Punta Cana area is in the middle of nowhere. If you're looking for a nice relaxing vacation and don't feel the need to leave the resort, then you'll be fine. As others have said, it is literally a 1 hour walk to find any vendors at all. If you're looking for some adventure, I would definately book the Marinarium 1/2 day tour--worth every penny with some GREAT snorkeling.--  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Weather too unpredictable in DR I just got back from staying at Bahia Principe from May 8-May 15 and the following can be said:- Clean and huge resort, nice pools, gorgeous beach- Horrible shows, barely anyone speaks english- Take all medicines with you, got stuck with $150 med bill from clinic for antibiotics I had at gome- Casino, huge rip off, a lot of rules are changed to favour house, stay away from it- 50% of people were from spain, 20% other europeans, 20 Canadian and then some americans.If you enjoy the rain, then go to DR, it is basically a jungle and I would rather go somewhere where the weather was sunny ( ie Acapulco, Pacific Coast), then be stuck in my room in DR watching TV.If you have sunny weather it is heaven, but I found it is always a gamble in the DR, so will never go there again, I had basically 3 half days of sun and 4 full days of rain.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Wolfes_4
<Content>Far surpasses Sandals We just wanted to let everyone know how much we loved the Bahia Principe. We stayed there in August of 2004. At that time we had only been to one other all inclusive resort so we didn't have much to compare it to. We just got home from our weddingmoon at Sandals Negril in Jamaica. Don' t get me wrong we had a good time and it was wonderful but in comparison the quality and value of the Bahia Principe was 1000x's better. The rooms, food, service, drinks, beach, and especially price was incredible compared to Sandals. So if you have any doubts and need a comparison, trust us, Bahia Principe is wonderful. In fact, we are planning our next vacation to the Akumal Bahia Principe now!  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>castadiva
<Content>Villa 5, ROOM 5210       Jacuzzi  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Pass Up the Opportunity to Stay at This Resort!!! We stayed at Bahia Principe from 4/25/05-5/2/05. We just missed a week of solid rain. Our 8 days was filled with sun and the most beautiful resort with 4 pools and the ocean is just a walk away from the pool. The food was great! The buffets offered something for everyone. We were allowed 3 dinners and we picked the Steak House (fabulous), Italian (we are Italian and it was the bomb), and Japanese (Okay). The rooms were clean and beautiful...all marble, the jacuzzi in the bathroom was wonderful after a day in the sun and ocean. If you want to sit at the pool under the thatched huts or on the ocean under the huts, you have to go out around 5:30a.m. or 6:00 a.m. the latest to pick your spot. People leave books, personal belongings very early to have a seat. But as many people there were at this resort, it was so spread out, with so many pools and a huge gorgeous beach, it was not crowded at all! There are trams you can take to the restaurants. We were in 10111 (Villa 10)...loved it. Easy to get to the pools if you wanted to walk. And it's HOT, HOT, HOT!!! SUNSCREEN!!! Four years ago we stayed at the Melia Caribe which was gorgeous also, but this place was even better. We are in our 50's and so enjoyed the people on the island. Very friendly and they want to please you. Even though tips are included in the all inclusive, we tipped. You can get a better room for $20. The maids were friendly. We read reviews saying you couldn't get an iron. We got ours in 5 minutes!!! The grounds/foliage are absolutely beautiful. And the pool bar was very nice! We went from the pool to the ocean all day. Very casual. At the restaurants, men have to wear long pants. At the buffets you can go very very casual, but you must have shorts on to eat at the buffets. The deserts and fresh fruits were excellent. We will DIFINITELY go back!!! The only problem we had was our Apple tour bus left without us...gave us the wrong time to meet in the lobby. Make sure you confirm your departure at the desk in the lobby and make sure you get the right time. We just about made our flight home. That was our only complaint. We recommend this hotel to anyone looking for fun, sun and a beautiful resort. Thank you Bahia for a wonderful stay. You can email me with any questions you have about the hotel.  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>happy 40th birthday The Bahai Club Golden.what a blast this being my first time south of the u.s.a. and a whole new experience for me makes me want to go back. The resort was 5 star all the way I have read some reports that were not as bright as mine but what did they do to get sick. I ate well everyday and drank all I could and never got sick. The weather was great and the sun was very intense so cover up and play safe. The staff were awesome a couple of bucks and you got what you wanted more beer,water,pop pretty much anything. Our plane was delayed so check in was a little slow oh well. We were greeted by the staff and welcomed with open arms after check in we were taken to our rooms where we changed and went for a walk got lost inside the resort and made new friends very fast. This is a couples and family resort to hear the pitter patter of little feet is very common. Thumbs up to all the staff who made my birthday a blast. When staying at this resort bring Usd$ travelers cheques just don't work. When I go south again I will go back to the Bahai Principe Club Golden. I was there from Apr 2 05- Apr 9 05.  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>montrealski
<Content>I would go back tomorrow We stayed at Bahia Principe (Golden Club option) between 24April 2005 and 1May 2005Here is our experience. To have that perrrrrfect vacation, one might want to take in consideration some aspects we have faced:FLIGHT: TIP: 3 of us (2 adults and our 5-year-old daughter) checked-in the plane via Club Option as all the other families with small kids did, regardless if they/we had or not the Club Option. No waiting time in line! CHECK-IN:TIP: It was well worth the Bahia Principe Golden Club upgrade, as they did our check-in while we were in the bus to our hotel. No waiting time here, either!ROOMS: TIP: There were in our room 1 bug and a few mosquitos on a couple of nights, even though we hadn鈥檛 left our patio door (room #4107) open. When we got back home we all noticed a smell on our clothes and in our suitcases that came from the humidity in the room. Take a few bars of soap and put them in between your clothes!The rooms had 2 double beds, not queen ones. Our daughter slept in one of them and we used the other one 鈥?kind of 鈥渃rowded,鈥?especially if you are used to a king size at home. Besides, you may want some space if you got sunburned and your skin hurts.RESORT  BEACH: Awesome room-service (thanks Ramona!), awesome aerobic classes on the beach (thanks Jose and his colleague who鈥檚 name escapes me!), and awesome beach (thanks God!). Very, very friendly staff!TIP1: If you want a hut that is closed to the beach AND the swimming-pools, get up early. Around 6:30 am they were all taken. The tip I鈥檝e read that you can throw your towel on a chair by the midnight wasn鈥檛 helpful, as they clean the beach and stack the chairs on almost every evening.TIP2: Don鈥檛 miss the shopping village located a 20-minutes-walk from the resort. Very good deals on oil-on-canvas paintings! They can wrap you the canvas, so it is easy to transport them back home.SICKNESS: TIP: Three of us had some kind of stomach sickness 鈥揷ramps and diarrhea. We didn鈥檛 take Imodium with us, nor did we use the Malaria pills. It is advisable to do so, as there is a swamp full of mosquitoes in the middle of the resort. We bought at an exorbitant price some mosquito repellent from the resort shop, which unfortunately didn鈥檛 help. We saw mosquitoes 鈥渓anding鈥?and eating comfortably from areas of our skin that was previously sprayed with the repellent. FOOD: The food was plentiful and there was a good variety but we all seemed to have a problem finding something we liked. My husband isn鈥檛 a fussy eater; my daughter and I are fussy eaters.RESTAURANTS:TIP: Be on time at your a-la-carte restaurants! At the Mikado restaurant we were late by 12 minutes. The manager wanted us to reschedule, since the other persons with whom we were supposed to share the table were already there. We refused to go away: being in vacation and not in the army, we did not consider that 12 minute late was such a big crime. Finally, the manager said he could 鈥渟queeze us in鈥?but we would have to skip the Miso soup and the Tempura shrimp, our 鈥渃o-table鈥?partners had time to eat in those 12 minutes we were late!? But, surprise! He seated us at an empty table. Few minutes later, a couple joined us and we remained a total of 5 persons at that table. While eating our sushi, the manager came to us and said: 鈥淚 see you are eating very fast, so I can offer you our Miso soup, too.鈥?(the couple was given the soup, we weren鈥檛). We refused, as we didn鈥檛 like to be treated as if we were at someone鈥檚 mercy. Interestingly enough, there was no Tempura shrimp for any five of us.Also, beware 鈥?At the Italian restaurant the food was so-so, with a salmon that wasn鈥檛 salmon, but their in-house fish. The 鈥淧escadore鈥?restaurant was pretty good, especially for its seafood buffet. Their salmon main course wasn鈥檛 made out of the fresh fish, but the frozen one. We would recommend going to the French restaurant, 鈥淟e Gourmet,鈥?even four times. It was the best!KIDS-CLUB:TIP: As its location is next to the 鈥渆cological鈥?swamp full of mosquitoes, we asked the teachers not to let our daughter play outside, on their playground. No special activities with the kids, probably because there weren鈥檛 enough kids: Liz (our daughter) was or alone in there or with other 2 kids. We were also told by a teacher that we cannot leave her with them more than 3 hours at a time (in Jamaica and Mexico we didn鈥檛 encounter this 鈥渞ule鈥?at their kids-clubs).FLIGHT BACK: Pay attention that terminal #1 isn鈥檛 air-conditioned. Our flight was scheduled to leave from terminal #1 and we found very hard to breathe surrounded by lots of smokers plus the 鈥渂reeze鈥?of the fuel coming from the planes. We discovered that terminal #2 (adjacent to terminal #1) had air-conditioning and there, besides breathing more easily, one could also enjoy some restaurants and duty-free shops. As there were no chutes or shuttles from the airport to the plane, we found annoying to walk to our plane in the heat, while breathing fuel vapors. CONCLUSION: We would go back to this resort tomorrow!  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AnnaBandana
<Content>A Wonderful Vacation Us 鈥?Two couples in our early 40鈥檚 spent 1 week at Bahia Principe April 18-25. My only complaint was that I didn鈥檛 book for 2 weeks. This resort far exceeded our 5 star expections. This is our 6th Dominican resort and in my opinion, the best. (We previously stayed at Iberostar Costa Dorada, Sunscape Punta Cana Grand, Secrets Excellence, Bavaro Princess, and Grand Paradise Bavaro).Check-In 鈥?Our bus drove us to the Club Golden room, along with 10 other people and within 5 minutes, we had our Room keys, passport map of the resort, our gold bracelets and our luggage on the tram. Oh 鈥?forgot to mention鈥?.we were handed a welcome drink of champagne and orange juice. Exceptional service.Club Golden 鈥?I will use three words to describe it. 鈥淲orth Every Penny鈥? Our package was only $5.00 more (for an entire week) than a regular Jr. Suite, so we thought鈥?why not. It turns out I would have easily paid the extra $100 to upgrade. Our Villa was #20 鈥?the first building from the beach. We had the most beautiful view. Every morning we would wake up and have in-room coffee on our balcony and just breathe in the beautiful morning air. The little extras for Club Golden were VERY appreciated. Free internet 鈥?especially important when you have kids at home who want to hear from you every day. We had fresh clean sheets every day, white robes and new white slippers, turn-down service with chocolates every night, fresh beach towels left for us every day, and the best maid service we have ever had 鈥?everything always cleaned early, clean towels and face cloths left for us 鈥?sometimes twice/day, always plenty of coffee packets, beer and bottled water. If there were used towels when they did turn-down service, they were replaced for the morning. We left her $2/day plus little treats. Some days we鈥檇 leave another treat for turn-down service. I think there may have been a different maid for that. Beach 鈥揂mazing. We really enjoyed walking in both directions. We did reserve our beach loungers each morning at 6am鈥?.not because we had to but because we wanted the excuse to get up that early. We didn鈥檛 want to miss a minute of the day. I recommend this. Take a minute to sit on the beach and watch the sun come up. I call this 鈥渃onstructive de-stressing鈥?Shopping 鈥?I don鈥檛 particularly like bartering, but find it is necessary if you want to purchase anything from beach vendors. Trust me, they expect it. We brought a few articles of interest to them for trading purposes and they were very willing to make a deal. Some things they sell only for cash, but there are others that they will use for trade. This made it sort of fun. But I鈥檇 really prefer to see a reasonable price and pay it. You can do that at Bahia Principe. They have many shops in the Courtyard that have reasonable prices - only $6.00 US for a sarong. Some things are very over-priced mind you, so you have to shop around. We saw a thermal mug with Bahia Principe on it for $39.00 US. Wow.Service / Language 鈥?We found the service was exceptional at Bahia Principe. There are many, many hardworking people employed. Washrooms were extremely clean, grounds well maintained and everyone had a smile. People 鈥?Dominican Republic is a Spanish speaking country. I don鈥檛 know why visitors expect them to speak English. We are visiting THEIR country. Would they expect us to speak Spanish if they came to USA or Canada? I don鈥檛 understand why people are so critical of this. Many of the employees do speak basic English, French, German, Portuguese, Italian and Dutch. It鈥檚 certainly more than I can say about myself鈥?. Here鈥檚 piece of advise for anyone travelling to a foreign country鈥︹€?.buy a language dictionary and have it on hand. Food 鈥?Dominican food is different than Canadian or American food. It鈥檚 just the way it is. They use different cooking techniques and ingredients. But we do notice that they try to create dishes that are similar to what we have back home (french fries, burgers, pizza). Remember 鈥?you don鈥檛 have to cook it, you don鈥檛 have to clean the dishes, and you don鈥檛 have to eat it. We never had a problem finding good food. There was always a variety. The a-la-cartes were all very good. My favorites were the French Gourmet, Caf茅 de Paris and the French Gourmet on the other side,. Le Gourmet Restaurante. We also enjoyed the Garden Grill (down-home cooking here folks), and the Mexican. We didn鈥檛 try the Italian or Seafood or Japanese.Rooms 鈥?Ample closet space, tastefully decorated, lovely jacuzzi tub, and very, very clean. Saw one mosquito 鈥?and we had lots of rain this week. I wonder if the mosquitoes are more abundant in the buildings that are near the Ecological area around the bridge鈥??? It would have been nice if there were screens on their balcony doors. We really enjoy the warm air. We didn鈥檛 dare leave the sliding door open in fear of mosquitoes.Trams 鈥?Never had to wait for one. There was always one parked at the lobby and at the main pool area. They don鈥檛 leave until another one arrives. One word of caution 鈥?they travel very close to the edge of the roadway. Keep your hands and arms inside the tram at all times!! My husband likes to talk with his hands and ended up hitting his elbow on a passing cement sign鈥?ouch. The trams meet at certain points and almost side-swipe each other. Keep your hands and arms in 鈥?I would worry about children especially.Lobby(s) / Grounds: - Lobbies are beautiful. Spotless, always being cleaned, moped, shined, and polished. We would notice them polishing the brass daily. We did have to watch the floor when walking through the lobbies鈥︹€here are steps to watch for and if you鈥檙e gazing around like me, you may just miss them. The grounds were immaculate. They are still planting new foliage. Even though they are beautiful now, they will only improve with growth.Entertainment: - We are early-to-bed and early-to-rise people. We have seen many Dominican shows in previous years, so were not really interested in partaking in this every night. We did drop in for a couple of shows. They were average. I thought it was nice they had 2 shows nightly (9pm and 10pm). At 11pm the House Band will play in the Courtyard. At 12am the Disco opens. Summary 鈥?I would suggest anyone who is interested in travelling to Dominican Republic to research this country and know what to expect. Learn a little Spanish. It will go a long way. I highly recommend this fine hotel to all ages. We do plan to return.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SteveJ47
<Content>Outstanding Having stayed at several all incusives all in Mexico....4 star to 5.5 star, we decided on a different destination this time. 2 awesome stays at the 4.5 star Bahia Principe Tulum (Mayan Riviera) prompted us to settle on the BP here in Punta Cana. Most issues covered, but here are some comparisons:The ONLY places where it was outscored by the EXCELLENT Riu Las Americas(5.5 star) in Cancun was...premium international drinks and entertainment. The food was better at the BP and the service/rooms etc were as good. The beach..well the BP blew the Riu away (I have to admit the RIU Las Am was the only attraction to Cancun..the Mayan Riviera is preferred choice). Don't just take $1 bills for tips..take crayons/coloring books/shampoo/q tips/Jolly Ranchers/Wine Gums.....AND AND AND...TALK to the maids/waitresses/gardeners..they are awesome people and the more you DON'T treat them as anything other than that, the more you will appreciate them...and the more you will want to go back.John and Janice in Victoria BC  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>robger99
<Content>Great resort/great vaction Stayed for 7 nights from 4/24-5/1. Thoght the resort was beautiful-very new and well maintained. Grounds/pools/rooms/lobby all clean and nice.Marble/granite and wood everywhere. Service good and pleasant. Food hit and miss but overall ok and never had a problem finding something to my liking as the selection is large. Drinks were good and plentiful. I really enjoyed the Presidente beer! Take an insulated plastic 20 oz. mug and you will get good size drinks that stay cold. Not a lot of nightlife but there was a gruop of 8 of us so we had a good time. Perfect place to relax and recharge your batteries afer a long winter! Perfect weather-mid 80s every day and absolutely no rain. Would definitely go back again. Was everything perfect? No. But for $1200.00 bucks each with all food and drinks included it was pretty close.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>honeymoon       theater show  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>enjoyed our stay but defo over-rated. Just returned from this place and feel disappointed.Cleanliness: this place was constantly being cleaned especially after a little rain plenty of these guys are out in force with mops and squeegees. The beach was immaculate and tables were never left with empty glasses.New Resort: (well for club premier and bavaro side though these offer no more luxury than the original punta cana rooms/lobby.)The language barrier: (English) was very poor, before those start shouting out 鈥測our in a Spanish speaking country鈥?perhaps then they should review who they employ to serve guests in this supposedly 5 star resort. (I agree with the comment made earlier about badges)Staff sometimes argumentative, ran out of gin once and I had to argue for them to fetch some more, they were just trying to fob us off and told us to drink something else (heh 5 minutes later a few more bottles suddenly appear)International drinks should be included if it is to live up to its five star rating, the local beer presidente is poor. (trust me I know my tot) the rums and liquors were the cheap brands, while for some reason though Smirnoff vodka was included. after tipping one waiter 20 USD it was still like getting blood out of a stone for a JD and coke  Breakfast starts at 7am and with the time difference I found sitting at 7 was quite common, though usually finished by 7.30 you have to wait 2.5 hours before they open up the bars (don鈥檛 even get me started on the 11pm closing time)Ah the disco, drinks charged to your room, (ive been to a 3 star on this island and the disco is still free)Food buffets were terrible (except the fruit and such), only the ala carte's are any good, though sometimes they cant get the timing right between courses if its busy, buffet is warm food not hot and yes food is sometimes left there for just a tad too long, I had a better buffet at Caribbean village club on the green in Playa dorada and that鈥檚 a 3 star!Japanese ./ French gourmet was nice, the grill wasn鈥檛 the best I ask for medium rare, and it comes almost well done I鈥檓 sure they would change it for me but one thing I learn in life is never complain or change your food (anyone seen road trip!)Toilets: kept very clean but like someone said before very scarce around the pools nasty thought.Club premier:Just don鈥檛 bother its not worth it, ok the pool and bar is quieter but normal guest were using these facilities anyway so why pay more (plus your furthest from everything (except the spa / disco which are both not inclusive)Shops / lobby shops Ha what a joke, lets rob the tourists, please $35 for sun cream which I can get at home for $9, and lets not go there on the snacks and infact anything else they sell (be warned be prepared make sure you bring all the after sun, sun cream, aloe vera, etc and if you have kids then bring all the treats with you!)Beach:The best part about the resort though get up early for them best loungers the towel leavers are out in force.Always kept clean and was the star attraction of the holiday. clean clean clean!Tip:Check out the saona island trip, well worth the 80 dollars we booked through hotel beds tourist office (punta cana side) you might even bump into the tour guide victor sanchez, top bloke,(if you see him tell him the crazy English man apologises for jumping off the catamaran and swimming to shore instead of using the speedboats hehehe)Though the last tip isn鈥檛 tied down to any resort so anyone thinking of going to punta cana / bavaro / bayhibe / la romana book it up!That鈥檚 it really, pleasant enough stay but the entertainment is pants (except for the daytime at the main pool the animation team should keep the kids happy enough) but I would have enjoyed myself more if they said it was 4 star because I expected so much, 5 stars no way amigos.cleanliness 4-5 starsrooms 4-5 starsbeverages 1-2 starsbuffet food 2-3 starssnack bars 2-3 starsala carte - 3-5 starsnight entertainment 2-3 starsdaytime activities 3-4 starsbeach 4-5 starsbar times 2 starsdisco 1 starmosquitos (some but precaution should fend them off)i give this 2 out of 5 because they rate themselve far to highly though if you expect a 3-4 star resort you would have a wonderfull time.fair play for them giving me club premier for free because of a mixup in reservations.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>familytraveling
<Content>Perfect getaway!Arpil 23rd to the 3oth Wow, let me just state that I cant beleive the bad review I have just reafrom the person on april 26th who ended his review by saying Make sure you ask the people where they have travelled before. Let me begin by this, I have travelled to: Negril, Jamaica, Puerto Plata (3times), Holguin, Cuba and Hawaii. So when you read my review please remember that.Before I begin, I will tell you my story. I booked this vacation in august 2004 and it was for my 40th birthday which we celebrated while at the Bahia. I had done a lot of research on my vacation and have beenr eading the reveiws since booking and had looked at all of the beautiful pictures that people had posted. So I was prepared and very excited. The travellers: myself, husband, 4 year old son, my best friend and her 4.5 year old son.The arrival: Check-in took 5 seconds. Our rooms were booked at Club Hacienda. I had been emailing the resort since august because we wanted adjoining ground floor rooms facing the pool. The rooms were not adjoining and were not even in the same building. No problem, we did not freak and by the way the lady at the check-in counter, Maria spoke well enough english. We explained our situation and she sent us for lunch. We came back at 2:30 and were given adjoining ground floor rooms. The bell boy immediately took us and our luggage to our rooms only to find that the rooms were adjoining from the entrance doors, however one room balcony faced the pool and the other faced the back of the building. So, my husband went trotting back to the office and re-explained himself again, and this time stressed that it was my birthday and wanted perfection, he gave Maria 20$ us. She said to come back in the morning, which my husband did at 8:00am. She then had 5 Bahia t-shirts and 3 bottles of rum. We then changed our room to a 3rd floor facing pool which we were much happier with. Beleive the people when they say that the mosquitoes are quite bad on the ground floor rooms. My friend kept her ground floor room, and they were bitten several times, and we saw no mosquitoes. lso Maria, organised a special evening for my birthday.The rooms: Same as the other people very nice, very spacious. Our maid was spectacular, always cleaned int he morning, fresh flowers, extra coffee. We left her a $2 tip everyday and a few toileteries. Every morning when we saw her she gave us a hug and she woould cary our son up the stairs. The bar fridge was also always stocked. On the 2nd day, we were in the room when the guy came, and my husband said muchos cervaza and he filled up the fidge so much that we had to leave the soft drinks out.The staff: We did not meet one staff member that did not smile or did not try to accomodate us. The young girls in the restaurants were always picking up our son or rubbing his hair ect. Language barrier, we encountered next to none. The head staff (check-in counters, managers, servers ect all manage to make themselves understood).The food: Very contrary to that persons review. The food was very good. There are a lot of variety such as beef, chicken, pork, fish, tons of vegetables, pasta and pasta bars, french fries, pizza ect...If you couldnt find anything to eat then, I guess you couldnt be very hungry. The only thing I can agree with is that yes there was an odd smell when you first entered the main buffet area however it was not of bad garbage. We found it to be a musty smell and once in the restaurant, you could not smell it anymore. There is so many restaurants, if you dont like that one you go to another one. Being Club Hacienda we had rights for breakfast and lunch at the Italian Restaurant directly beside the pool. It was never busy. Every morning we ate outside and the choices : omelette bar, bacon, pancakes, potatoes, cereal, fruit ect. Then, you had the snack bars by the main pool and the beach for lunch.Specialty restaurants: We ate at: Mexican (extremely good), Garden Grill steakhouse(extremely good), Italian (o.k.) The Cafe de Paris, gourmet: Excellent. This is where we had my birthday dinner. The service was exceptionnal, the food very good. We had babt lobster and beef tenderloin. The waiters came with a chocolate cake and sang happy birthday in spanish and englis, they brought us some champagne and then came and made some special coffees at our table. The servic was very good in all of the restaurants that we went to.The poola nd beach: GREAT! We spent most of our time at the pools, more so at the Club Hacienda one which was more quiet. There is not one day that we went and reserved chairs or that we needed to, at this pool. The main pool is busier, however there is always chairs available just not in the shade. Same at the beach they have tons of chairs, and the colour of the water is beautiful.The shopping: You are in the Dominican so dont expect the impossible. Yes sunscreen and chips are very expensive. But it is the same thing in Cancun, in the Jamaica, ect. So you know that, so come prepared with the appropriate supplies or to pay.Conclusion: We had 15 min of rain the first afternoon we got there and that was it! It was very hot, very humid and very beautiful I would go back to that resort, as we truly enjoyed it because you have lots of dining choices, pool options and the rooms are truly very nice. I was skeptic of its size but not once did we have to wait in line for: a drink (at any bar), for food, for chairs, or for service. A lot of times at the pool there may have been 50 people and most of the week our little boys had the kids pool to themselves. It was truly a relaxing holiday which were all truly satisfied with our choice. Even my son did not want to leave. The lobby is truly a 5 star hotel, marble and immaculate. As other people have stated, we all have our own opinion and dont make much of the bad reviews as I beleive that those people just cant get beyond what is important: MAKING THE BEST OF YOUR HOLIDAY, YOU PICKED THE HOTEL SO DON'T KNOCK IT DOWN, LEARN FROM YOUR EXPERIENCE INSTEAD AND GIVE THESE POOR PEOPLE A CHANCE. A smile, olah Amigo and a hand shake will get you lot further.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A slice of heaven My husband and I, and another couple (ages 28-34) just returned yesterday from the Bahia Principe Punta Cana and had a wonderful time. I spent many hours on trip advisor everyday before our departure and was a little worried by some of thr negative reviews. I'm glad we went. Don't be fooled by those reviews, this place is awesome.Villas-This resort is beautiful and the grounds are kept immaculate. The staff works very hard to please each guest. Our villa was in building 32, I would reccommend this location, it is central to everything. Our room had a king size bed (too firm for my liking), couch, table with two chairs and a balcony with two chairs and a table. The bathroom is done all in marble and has a jaccuzzi tub. There is plenty of closet space. There is no iron in the room, if you call down to the front desk they will send one up for you. We tipped our maid Sonia everyday  and the room always looked beautiful. There is a mini bar in the room with bottled water, Pepsi, 7-up and Presidente beer. We also left a small tip in the mini-bar each day and we were kept fully stocked.Beach- Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful...white sand, warm water, slight breeze, just feels so good between your toes. We would reccommend getting down there early to reseve a hut, the sun gets very strong and you are going to want a place to just lay in the shade and take a nap. Pools- Everywhere you look there is a large pool. The pools all have swim-up bars. During the day at the activities pool they have waterpolo and other activites. Never seemed crowded, and there weren't a lot of children around either.Food-If you are expecting the Ritz Carlton, then go to the Ritz Carlton...I am a picky eater but always found at 2-3 things I really enjoyed at each meal. There is a lot of chicken, beef, fish, pasta, salads, fruit, breads and desserts. I would recommend eating breakfast and lunch in the main lobby buffet. There are more choices. There are many specialty restaurants we ate at the Japenese and the Steak House they were both excellent.Drinks- Bring your own insulated mug, they will fill it with anything you want at the bar, the only beer they have is Presidente, it tastes like Corona of you squeeze a lime in it. No lime, no good! They make tons of frozen drinks and are not stingy on the alcohol.Here is a must- have check list before you go:1. insulated mug2. sunscreen and after sun lotion3. lots of singles and small bills for tipping4. some type of credit card like card to leave in the air conditioner slot (I used an old gift card)We would definately reccommend this resort to everyone I know and would travel their again. I hope this review helps, if you have any questions feel free to email me: -----  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>marvimel
<Content>2 Thumbs Way Up! Before going I read as many reviews of as many places as I could. Based on all the excellent reviews of this place I chose Bahia....so I'd like to thank TripAdvisor for the awesome time we had. It was me (24f), my sister (17) and my mom on this trip- my biggest fear was getting sick and malaria...Will keep this short: Buffet - CLEAN and fancy,never boring, excellent for every meal, but dont' drink their water, bring your bottled water. JAPANESE restaurant, you are NUTS if you don't go here!!! Don't think raw, think amazingly COOKED fresh, made before your eyes meat/chicken/seafood/egg fried rice/ frice icecream.....mmmmmmmmmmmmm....I want to go back NOW! Stay away from: Mexican, what was that mystery food!? (we ran right out and to the buffet!)Beach: beautiful, full of palm trees...little hard to walk on/some debris/ there's a big rusted sunken oil tanker in the distance which kinda bothered me but the resort is so perfect you forget. The beach market : SO FAR AWAY...plan an entire day 1hr there and back of just walking...my sister and i never made it! It closes at 4.Other resorts: On the useless attempt to the market we poked into some other resorts....Rio mambu, riu taino, iberostar....they are all OLD, 60's resorts, NOT nearly as new/shiny/ clean as Bahia, ie. the pools paint is peeling, ghetto outdoor buffet area etc...we were SO SO happy to be at Bahia after seing that!!Service: LEARN some spanish. I think they pretend to know nothign so you don't hassle them much. Take a dictionary for SURE. When you wake up call the main desk right away and ask for Water (AGUA)!! you never know when it will come, don't wait till you're all out.Entertainment: very good...the club was great, great music and people. Transportation: this is a LONG resort that has a main street running perpendicular to the beach...the buffet is at one end and the beach at the other end...the only thing i didn't enjoy was the gas fumes on the tram but they were very convenient.Hints: DON'T leave your money in a safe unless it has a combination lock. We kept our money in our luggage and locked it every day before going out--no problem.Yes there IS a towel-NAZI but just ignore him. Try to get into Club Hacienda, there is free internet access and as many towels access as your heart desires, plus an excellent pool right near your villa. (we were in villa 31--right in the middle, close to beach and buffet) Lessons: lock ur money, ask for water, dont' drink unbottled, dont' eat too much salads/ raw stuff -stick to cooked foods, wear SUNSCREEN and DONT lose it! it will cost you!!!!! $$$$$$$YOu will not regret this trip, get rid of all your fears because this place will meet all your highest expectations---they know what they're doing!FAVOUR:...there is a bartender named Jervy at the Hacienda pool in front of #31....tell him AMY says Hi!!! HAVE FUN!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cccvautour
<Content>Fantastic Resort This was our second trip to Punta Cana (me and the missus!). Last year we stayed at the 4-star Allegro (which was very good by the way!).I can't believe some of the negative comments - especially about the food. The buffet could use some variety, but the a-la-carte restaurants we tried were great (Gourmet, Grill and Seafood). There even was a couple of snack bars around the main pool next to the beach.BEACH: What can you say... It's very clean with clear water like you would find at many resorts around Punta Cana. But get there early if you want to lounge in the shade!POOLS: There were 3 pool areas - all with swim up bars. The main pool had activities in the late AM and from 3:30 - 5:30 PM. There were activities close by on the beach as well.ENTERTAINMENT: It was alright. They put a lot of effort into it, but let's face it, these are not professional dancers, or singers.SHOPPING: I have read some complaints about the shopping (RE: prices). You can complain about the prices, but it's the same at all resorts. If you forget sunscreen, or if you want chips, you are going to pay a lot, so there's no sense in complaining about the prices.They do have nice little shops where you can buy liquor, cigars, jewelry, clothing - you don't have to negociate with someone on the beach as it is in some resorts, unless you are dealing with the small stands outside.ROOMS: Very nice, all new and painted. Only one small complaint - our mini-bar fridge was not cold enough, almost room temperature.As for the rest... there are 1500 rooms so it is quite big, but they have small trolleys going all day long.I would rate this resort as 4.75 stars!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nycdirect05com
<Content>excellent value!going again may for a week!       Painting at the theatre  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gaizka89
<Content>Excellent Place       Pueblo principe shopping area  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation, Would go back in a heartbeat       Outside lobby  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kitty40502
<Content>Highly Recommened Resort! We stayed at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana from 4/17 to 4/26. We are 30 yrs. old couple.Check-in: No problems whatsoever. As a matter of fact we asked for a room on the 2nd floor facing a pool with a king size bed. A manager made the change with no questions asked! Room: Stayed in Villa 31, Room 31211 with a pool view. We had a king size bed with a sofa. Very nice room, very clean. However, the room had a scent to it; a musty odor. I bought a glade plug-in, but it do not do any good. We found plenty of mosquitos daily. Probably because of the maid left the door open while she cleaned the room. We bought bug spray and sprayed the front door along with the sliding glass door. Didn't really work. Got bit a few times, no biggie. Bathroom was nice. From reading previous reviews I made a mental note of the shower issue and water on the floor. We rolled the floor mat and placed it aganist the glass shower door. We kept our bath towels from the previous day and placed those on the floor. Overall, our system seemed to work. If you run out of towels, kleenex, toilet paper, we found a storage room located on every floor that was unlocked the entire time we were there. The room is equipped with a mini-bar. Mainly water (4 bottles daily), 2 Pepsi's, 2 Diet Pepsi's and 2 7-up's. I'm a big water drinker, wish they could of given us more water or at least have bigger water bottles. They tell you NOT to drink the water and that includes brushing your teeth. So...that meant we need to use the bottled water, which led to the water shortage for us. They also have a hairdryer, little shampoos, bath gels, sewing kit, shower cap, shoe shiner, dental kit...kind of nice if you run out of something.Maids: Yes, they barely speak English, however, they are willing to listen to you if you need something. I left her gifts daily along with a spanish written note. I have a friend who speaks spanish, so before I left I had her write a few lines for me. Spent about $20 or so at the dollar store for ponytail holders/brush/mirror kit, paper, pens, crayons, soaps, toothbrushes, toothpastes for adults and the kids, candy. I also chose to bring my perscription eyeglasses, which I do not need anymore. I figure they could use the frames, she greatly appreciated them. We also left $10 the day of departure along with lotions and toothpaste, our snorkels and masks we chose not bring back with us. These women work ALL DAY LONG cleaning rooms. They do not get paid much and most of them have families to provide for. I can tell you our maid appreciated the gifts we had given her. Overall staff: I've read people complaing about the language barrier. We never had a problem. If they did not understand our request, they found someone that could. Very happy, smiling people that are willing to please.Entertainment: From reading previous review, people were disappointed with the entertainment. I beg to differ. It wasn't the best nor was it the worst either. We actually found it quite amusing. They have a half hour before the show dedicated to the kids. Dancing (chicken dance, hokey pokey, choo-choo train), little games. It was nice to see they do things for the kids. They had Karoke night, Thai-Papi night (Which was really amusing), Stars nights, Games for everyone, just to name a few. The announcer was very energetic! (Considering he works ALL DAY LONG TOO!) Went to the disco, which was okay. They played a variety of music. Never made it to the casino, although I wanted to go. My boyfriend stopped me. He probably said I have more chances of winning here in the US than at a resort casino located in the Dominican.Pools: Awesome! Water was never cold. More like luke-warm bath water. Swim-up bars at every pool We chose to hang out at the quite pool. We saw the activity pool (near the beach) with something always going on. If you like to do activites in the pool, then this is the pool to hang out at. We bought rafts from home and had the scuba guy fill them up for us. As far as to the saving chairs with towels issue, yes, everyone does it! And you have to get up early to say your chairs, especially if you want a palapas. Same goes for the beach chairs. Beach: PRETTY, PRETTY, PRETTY! Water was warm and really enjoyed swimming in it. Sandy bottom too! They are constanting raking up seaweed to make Bahia Principe's beach the best! Let me tell ya, it is! Took a little stroll down the beach, passed a dew other resorts and found Bahia Principes the cleanest and biggest. You can rent (for free) catamarans, paddleboats and canoes/kayaks. We do not, so I can't tell you how it was. They have guards patrolling the beach constantly. I guess they do not want locals wandering and bothering the tourists. They have some sort of market you can walk to...maybe 30 min walk or so, but we never made it to that either. We heard you can take a boat ride there for 8 bucks, but I have no idea where you find this boat. Oh...we fed a homeless dog that seemed to be wondering the beach everyday. Felt really bad for her, skin and bones! VERY friendly dog....she needs food and water. I chose to save to chicken, bacon, sausage, ect.. and what not and brought it to the beach. She throughly enjoyed it! Saw someone else feeding her as well. Food: Well, considering we are from Chicago, we are spoiled with excellent food. It was okay, not the worst nor the best. The buffet was huge! Something for everyone. Pastas, pizza, fish, beef, chicken, lunch meats, cheeses, desserts Breakfast at the buffet was so-so. Good crepes for breakfast, omlettes were good. The only thing we wished they had was a self-serve pop machine. Keep an open-mind and just enjoy!Restaurants:Mikao-I think it's spelled like that (Japanese): Good (entertaining for the little ones, they cook everything in front of you.)Garden Grill (Steakhouse): GoodLe Gourmet (French): Good (we ate there twice)Spa: Chose to have a massage done for $74 (US dollars) Tipped the girl $10 (US dollars) Not worth the money. To me, the price for the services performed in the spa were overpriced. I can get a massage done here in the US for $60 and have it done better. I give them credit, they try!This was our first visit to Punta Cana. We had an excellent time. No sickness whatsoever. However, I did pack pepto-bismol just in case. Bring a lot of sunblock. Make sure you bring enough of everything really. They have a store located near the lobby that is overpriced! It rained probably 6 out of the 9 days we were there. Mostly brief showers. Also, I read people complaing about the topless women. Yes, there are topless women! If you have children and feel uncomfortable with this, then this is not the place to go. Would I go back to Punta Cana, no. Why, mainly because Punta Cana is all resort area. We didn't do any excursions simply because we've done the same things in Mexico. Punta Cana is not know for the best scuba diving, so we opted a no for that one. Horseback riding is horseback riding. A helicopter ride is $60 (us dollars) for 10 mins. Come on, that's outrageous. The Manati Park-the whole dolphin thing. We heard the pool these dolphins are kept in are quite small. Hate to see any of that...I'm an animal lover and can't bare to see these things. Probably not, we like to go somewhere different all the time. Although I HIGHLY recommend this resort! I can see this resort going up in price within the next few years! Email me if you have any questions!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bahia Principe -- Just Do It We just returned from a week at the Bahia Principe (4/18-25) and have to say it was a great trip. We traveled with our two boys, ages 4 and 1 and had no problems, and only a few MINOR annoyances. Here's our review, and we hope it'll be helpful if you're contemplating Punta Cana:You'll see nothing but poverty driving from the airport the 45 minutes to the Bahia Principe. Shacks, under-construction concrete blocks, trash. While the airport has a nice 'tropical feel' -- the welcome mat really isn't rolled-out with beauty like, say, Hawaii.The Bahia Principe is brand-new and has a fabulous lobby area. The place is so clean it'll amaze you. There is seemingly an employee for every two guests. We don't speak much Spanish, but it wasn't a problem. Our room wasn't ready until 3p but after check-in, we got wristbands (not the best to wear for seven days but no problem) and could go for lunch.Our room was in villa 25, which is two buildings from the beach-side pool area. We can honestly say the pools here are probably the BEST we've seen. Totally clean, huge, and just perfect for kids. Even the deeper, non-wading pools were fine for kids with floaties. There are three different pool sections on this huge resort property, and they are awesome.The beach is great, though not for snorkeling. It's just not that type of beach. But if you're looking for white sand, palm trees and warm, turquiose water -- this is it. There were probably 80% Europeans -- and many women are topless. Some shouldn't be, but hey... more power to them ;-)The hands-down WORST part was the towel situation for us. There's a guy we dubbed the Towel Nazi down by the beach pool, who was a jerk. Short guy, gap between his teeth. Watch out for him... as he makes it a chhore just to get clean towels. He seemed to love the 'power' of handing out towels. Also, they run out of clean ones VERY early.Speaking of early, get up and stake your pool or beach spot EARLY. We made the mistake of getting to the beach/pool at 8AM and were shut-out of any spot with shade. TIPS: bring maybe $200 cash US... and bring a lot of one dollar bills. We tipped our housekeeper $2 per day, and that seemed about what they were used to. We also left $1 in the minibar, which is stocked every day with bottled water, juices, sodas. Good luck, though, trying to get ANY diet soda after day one... ANYWHERE. Not a big thing in the DR.You'll have three nights you can eat at the restaurants, otherwise it's buffets... which were solid. Forget the negative reviews. Food is safe, hot, good and enough variety to please. Make your reservations early in your stay, like day one or two. Like other reviewers have stated, it'll make your life easier because if you travel with kids, obviously you're not eating at 9PM. The earlier you make the reservation, the earlier the time of day.Another tip - eat breakfasts at the Mexican restuarant buffet area. Hardly anyone there, and you avoid taking the trams to the main buffet. The trams, by the way, are totally convenient.We had rain four of seven days, but it moves in and out and wasn't a problem, other than warm rain. I'd bring a large cup, mug, thermomug if you want to avoid small drink sizes. As for their entertainment, it's a joke... but so bad that it's fun and funny. Count how many times the pool leader says Oh My God! in broken english!There were mosquitoes, but very few in our room. Maybe three the entire week.Overall, it was a great time and terrific value. Tip at each meal, even if its $1. The most I did at dinner was $5... and these people know that's a lot of money. They'll appreciate it. Hope this helps... and we don't think you'd regret a trip here.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What you need to Know       sharks  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beutiful Beach and Hotel I took my two son's for March break. They are 12 and 11. I never had to worry about them at all. The rooms were beautiful, the beach was to die for and the meals were terrific.I have recommended the resort to many people when I returned. There are not many hotels that I would visit more than once. The service was great, the only negative point I would say would be that it was difficut to speak to the maids, repair staff etc...as they did not speak any english. Other than that, it was EXCELLENT.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Physically and Emotionally Injured Bahia Principe Punta Cana - week of April 18, 2005. Well, maybe I am picky and expect a lot from the money I invest into my vacations but I did not like Punta Cana as much as I thought I would. Don鈥檛 get me wrong - the resort itself is beautiful and people are trying to please you. The only problem is that many of the service people don鈥檛 speak English. I guess it鈥檚 not a problem if you don鈥檛 have any special needs 鈥?like food allergies or special diets. I tried to explain to a waiter in one of the restaurants that I want sauce on my pasta but it cannot include meat or milk and he brought me plain pasta with no sauce at all (鈥淵es salsa or sauce and No meat and No milk鈥?with hand gestures). And that鈥檚 just one example of misunderstandings we had. Can鈥檛 they teach their staff to understand at least some English that is specific to the area where the person is working?! Like teach the waiter what 鈥渕ilk鈥?or 鈥渕eat鈥?mean? Nobody told us that we could enjoy our stay there only if we knew Spanish. Additionally, we all got either food or water poisoning 鈥?I don鈥檛 know what it was and the doctor at the resort could not determine it but there was a line of people out of her door (not encouraging). We tried to avoid drinking water but it鈥檚 almost impossible to explain to the waiter in sign language that you don鈥檛 want ice cubes in your drink. You might as well give up. We had terrible vomiting and diarrhea but could not get more than 8 bottles of water out of the resort staff. We told them we don鈥檛 want any beer, soda or whatever 鈥?just give us more bottled water and they said that we are allowed only 4 per day and the maximum they can give us is 8 bottles. We tried to explain that their own resort doctor told us to drink more bottled water to prevent dehydration from the stomach problems but with limited Spanish how much can one explain?! When we arrived to our room, we noticed that we had lots of mosquitoes there. We went on a hunt hoping to reduce and eventually eliminate the number. Well, the ritual repeated every night with not much success 鈥?we鈥檇 find the same or greater number of the bloodthirsty insects every night. Eventually, we figured out that our maid left the door open while cleaning our room and the bloodsuckers were waiting in the open hallway to get inside. Needless to say, by the end of the week our bodies were literally deformed with mosquito bites. Also, if you have children and don鈥檛 want them exposed to bare female breasts, don鈥檛 go to Bahia Principe. As we discovered, there are many German and French tourists who have no inhibitions to taking their top off at the beach in the presence of children. The local shop was prohibitively expensive. I got 2 pairs of earplugs for $10! We also had to buy medicine for the kids and it was unbelievably expensive. I am not even going to discuss the shows at the resort鈥檚 theater. The dancing group was good but on subsequent nights one realizes that although the costumes and music changed, those were the same people making the same moves every night. Other shows like karaoke or some games were all conducted in Spanish, which we don鈥檛 speak. I鈥檇 rather watch a good movie (in English). Bottom line, if you speak Spanish, don鈥檛 have children you are trying to protect from nudity, if you are immune to mosquito bites and have a strong stomach 鈥?Punta Cana is an excellent place to vacation at. Otherwise, stick to USA resorts 鈥?the staff speaks English, there are FDA regulations, clean water and laws requiring people to wear bathing suits.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lovelybird
<Content>Greatest Resort I cant imagine anyone going to the Bahia and not having a great time.This was the first time for my husband and myself to have gone to an all inclusive resort and yes I was a bit scared with all the talk of malaria,but in all we saw 2 mosquitos and we were never sick once.The staff went out of their way to teach us spanish and the language barrier was never a problem. We flew with AirTransat and had booked the Club Golden and was given exactly what we had requested being a king bed on the second floor.We had villa 23 which is were you were able to catch the tram to go back to the lobby or peublo square or you were just a few steps from the pool and a few more steps took you to the most beautifl beach that you can imagine.Everything was paradise,and I could not find anything wrong.I cant wait to go back next year.Yes,tips will go a long way,but to those people this is alot of money and they appreciate anything that you will leave as gifts. The Dominicans love Canadians  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pvmtrish
<Content>Awesome vacation,       veiw from room  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>momnson
<Content>Answers for those with physical limitations We were at this beautiful resort from April 11-15. Everything was so clean and the people very friendly. Would go back in a hearbeat!I would be happy to answer any questions you may have concerning handicapped accessability or how to arrange to have oxygen available during your trip.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beth-NY
<Content>Loved the Bahia!! Loved Punta Cana       room was very nice  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This resort will exceed your expectations My wife and I stayed at the Bahia Principe from April 9 to 16. I'm a media person and very picky. I found the resort exceeded our expectations on many levels. It's super clean, great food, great facilities and activities and a wonderful resort for families with young children. Everything is well thought out in terms of the resort's layout. Some patience and politeness will take you a long way in getting seven star service. The thing to remember is that absolutely nothing in life is perfect. We had a bathtub drain that was a little slow BIG DEAL!! and one other time we had to call twice to get fresh towels sent. I think that was the result of the language barrier. We found that learning a little spanish can help a lot. The people appreciate it and will go out of their way to please you. Also...do the decent thing and take some US one dollar bills and dole them out to the service people throughout the week. For about 30 dollars we experienced excellent service. Try to remember how lucky we are in the Western world and that we're on vacation in a beautiful place like Punta Cana. This was our third trip to Punta Cana and our best yet. I previously stayed at the Iberostar resort and was very happy but the Bahia Principe is definitely a few notchs higher. What are you waiting for....get on that plane!!!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gorgeous resort, had a blast despite a few problems during check in.! My boyfriend and I just returned from our vacation this past Saturday. We stayed at the Bahia from Sat. April 9th thru Sat. April 16. Overall, the resort was beautiful and very clean. I have to admit, I was a little concerned after reading some of the reviews, but we had an awesome time. Our only complaint was check-in, as many other trip advisor users have previously mentioned. Upon arrival at the hotel, we asked for a second or third floor room with hopes of steering clear of the mosquitos and since the hotel is so large and overwhelming, we thought we had a good deal with room 10308 on the third floor. When we finally arrived at our room at 4:30, (we had been at the hotel since 1pm) it was full of mosquitos. At this point, my boyfriend, who also works in the hospitality/hotel realm of business, called the front desk to request another room. We were told we could not switch rooms b/c there were no other units available and we would have to wait until morning. After a long day of traveling and waiting, i was annoyed and could not believe the hotel was completely full. After hours of being on hold, being transferred and actually going back to the lobby to speak with management, he was able to get us a new room. The catch was that it was an upgrade to the Club Golden rooms, which cost $20.00 more per day. Of course, we were upset to have to pay for the upgrade, as our room was unacceptable and it was not our fault that it was infested with mosquitos. In the end, it was worth it, yet the aggravation it caused that first afternoon was absolutely unnecessary. **A tip to any travelers reading this...upgrade to Club Golden before you leave...you get top shelf liquor (tanqueray, johnny walker, and smirnoff....which are better than the well stuff), a room closer to the beach/main pool, free internet access, towels in your room and 24hr room service.) Other than that, we had no other problems. The staff was friendly and helpful and tried very hard to speak English and to accomodate our every need. We tipped our maid and minibar refresher $1.00 each day and left lotions and creams for her to take home. Most nites, our bed was turned down for us after we came back from dinner and our new room was spotless and mostly mosquito free. The food was pretty good, not gourmet, but that's not why we chose to go away. Our favorites were the Japanese Restaurant and the Mexican Restaurant. The buffets were good as well, there was something for everyone and the breakfasts were amazing. And the most important part...the beach and the pools. They are the reason why this resort is so great. There are 4 pools and a huge beach all with lounge chairs, palapas (grass huts for shade) and swim up bars. We had no trouble getting chairs, even when we went outside after 11:00am. The only thing you need to wake up early for are the palapas...they go quickly. The swim up bars are great and everyone is very friendly...we met some really nice people at the pool/beach. I would also recommend booking at least one excursion. We chose to take a catamaran to Saona island which is a private, uninhabited island right below the main island of the Dominican Republic. It was a day long trip complete with catamaran cruise, beach cookout, free drinks, volleyball, speedboat ride, visit to a natural pool in the middle of the ocean where we were able to hold starfish and finally, a stop at some local gift shops in town. It was a beautiful island and a fun excursion that was well worth the $80.00p/p. All in all, the resort was great and we had fun. Like most other reviews mention, be sure to pack plenty of sunblock...it's very pricey, bring drink cups to keep your drinks cold, and bugspray for nitetime. Although we probably would not go back to this particular resort (we like to travel to various places) i would recommend it to families and couples.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Oncearound
<Content>Don't wait for duty free at the airport... Nice hotel, service was questionable only because I don't speak spanish. I think communication is a big part of service, and they should at least speak one other language. I tried french, to no avail. They're nice people and want to help, but need english lessons.Lots of mosquitoes morning and evening. If someone complains about bugs swatted on the walls in their room, it's thanks to me. The short towels work good!The food's pretty good for the DR. I think given the right circumstances I would go back to the Bahia again.Problem: I asked our rep if rum and cigars cost more at the airport or the resort. She said about the same. Wrong!!!!Almost double at the airport folks.Go to the blue roof in the Pueblo Principe for cigars and rum. Better yet, for rum haggle on the beach. Got a bottle of 7yr for $7 US.Hope this helps, have a nice trip.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>zaika24
<Content>Nice trip! I, my boyfriend and his mother just came back to Canada, Toronto from our vacation. We stayed at the Golden Club part. It was good, though people who advised us about it gave the hotel an excellent review. This is not my first trip to the sunny destination (I've been to countires like Cuba, Mexico, St. Lucia, Antigua) and in fact, my second time in Dominican, so I have quite a bit to compare it with.In general, the resort is very nice. It's absolutely new, so buildings outside and rooms inside look fresh and clean. Property is very well maintained, and it is huge - you need to take little shuttle cars from one place to another, unless you want to walk. It is not very green yet, due to the new factor. In rooms, my favourite part was bathroom - very well done. People are generally very friendly (though the friendliest people so far in my experience are in Cuba). Food is probably the only thing that I found a bit dissapointing. It is good, but very little seafood selection and overall, not a lot of selection also. Buffets always have the same food every day, with a few changes. Restaurants the same comment. But, do make the reservations, especially for French and Italian. You will like them! Don't go to Mexican. There is also Japanese but I have not been there, and I have heard not so good reviews about it (especialy if you've been to a good Japanese restaurant before).Drinks are not the best in Dominican, so-so. Want great drinks - go to Cuba. They do not know how to make any shots. And for some reason, I found a lot of drinks to be very sweet.Beach is ok. It is white sand, but there are lots of little twigs and sharp things in it, so be very careful. That was extremely annoying. Otherwise, beach is so long that you can walk for hours and see other resorts. Water is beautiful. It was a pleasure to swim in it.About mosquitos - they are there! I had more than 10 bites, but it varies for different people (my boyfriend had about 3-4, his mother had none). If you are loved by mosquitos - protect yourself. They are also in rooms, especially bathrooms. I guess they get there when the room is being cleaned. Entertainment was good. I depends how valuable it is to you. I didn't really care that much about shows, went to see once or twice. I think they were good, at least I found them to be as good as everywhere else. They had a guy playing keyboard and singing - this was great. You can sit at the table, sip your drink, relax and listen to the beautiful music, and even dance.Overall, my experience was great. I did get to relax and enjoy a week off from work.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sweetpea1
<Content>Very clean resort Just got back from a nice vacation... we stayed at the Bahia Principe from April 7 to 14, 2005. This is a very nice resort, exceptionally clean, but very big. The rooms are all very large. There is a trolley service than runs from 8:00 am to 3:00 am so you have no problem getting from one end of the resort to another. It would be quite helpful if you know a little spanish because most of the staff do not understand you.Remember that the all inclusive bar drinks finish at 11:00pm and do not include any Grand Marnier, Bailey's, Frangelico, and many more... we were quite disappointed with that ! ... and the pool bars close at 6:00 pm., so the only bar open at 6:00pm is the lobby bar and the piano bar in the attached shopping plaza.The in room safe will cost you $30.00 US for 1 week . You have to ask them to activate it when you check in. There are no iron or ironing boards in the rooms, and it is very hard to get one... I tried for 3 days, till I got mad and they brought me an iron but no board. Everyone I talked to had a hard time getting an iron , but most didn't get one... so I guess I was lucky ! There are no long mirrors in the rooms, so for us women, prepare yourself to jump on the bed to see if your dress is ok. There is no clock, no CD player, no radio in most rooms. The food was good ! The service ok.Very beautiful resort... exceptionally huge... but we enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay there again !!! Enjoy your vacation and remember that you are in another country and we have different customs. Dominicans really do have a very slow pace of life !!!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>ScubaSuzy
<Content>Beautiful resort with fantastic service Just arrived back after an amazing week at the Bahia Principe Bavaro. We have been to over 10 all inclusives throughout the caribbean as well as Mexico and Jamaica.Rooms - we thought the rooms were really wonderful, clean with beautiful marble bathrooms. We were located in the Club Premier section at the front of the resort and we had a third floor pool view with a king bed. Fantastic! Also loved the Club Premier because we had our own nice little buffet restaurant which was a lot more personal as well as our own lobby, pool and bar. It was a little ways to the beach, thank goodness for the trains.Beach and pools - both the beach and pools are amazing. If I had to get really nitpicky I would say the water was a bit rough in front of the hotel but that would only be a problem if you had smaller children.Food - we thought the food was good. Lots of selections at the buffets. Our favorite a la carte was the Cafe de Paris. Service - we had the most amazing service. It is true that many of the staff are just learning English but with a smile and some patience we got to know many wonderful people. Please be patient and remember that many of these people were forced to leave school after grade 6 and they don't have any English courses. Try a little Spanish and help them with their English.Excursions - we chose the Catamaran Reef excurision - it is just one afternoon on a small catamaran. Lorenzo only takes 6 - 10 people, no music and no booze, just an amazing afternoon of sailing and snorkeling. Not at all commercial. We loved it. You can only book it through the Air Transat reps.In all, a wonderful all-inclusive holiday, one of our best ever.Any questions, feel free to email tmonsma@yahoo.com.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EnglandTraveler
<Content>Wonderful people. Beautiful Island My husband and myself returned from the Dominican yesterday. This was our first time at staying in an all inclusive hotel. We stayed at the Bahia from April 6th - April 13th. We left England stressed out and returned in Dominican no problem mode !!! The hotel is wonderful as was every member of staff that we had the privilage to meet.From gardeners to managers, all had a smile and a song. So here is my review on different aspects of the holiday.Origionally booked the holiday care of Hays travel who are a part of First Choice. Was told that a rep would meet us at the airport and show us to the bus etc. The holiday was also my 40th birthday present and the holiday company made a note of this and said that the hotel normally bake a birthday cake for you or give a bottle of rum for special occassions. Saw neither cake or rum. Eventually found our on site rep after 2 days. At the airport a French Canadian woman advised me that she was representing Firsh Choice and for my husband and I to board bus 16. This bus turned out to be a very small non air conditioned mini van with a driver who didn't speak English. We sat in scorching heat for 20 minites waiting for the driver to arrive. He eventually took us and another German couple to several hotels until we finally got to the right one. I'm not complaining about the driver as we got to see more of the other hotels in the area and he kindly took us to our hotel with no problem !!! HOTEL: Wow, what a place. Beautiful building. Very clean and new. Staff working non stop in every area of the complex. Please don't just walk past these people no matter how far down the working ladder they are. If you pass a gardener or a cleaner, say Hola. It is rude in their country not to do so. Being happy and smiling is their way of life despite living in such poverty. The Punta Cana side is to the right and the Bavaro side is to the left upon arrival. CHECK IN: No problem We arrived in the Bavaro side of the hotel so the manager kindly checked us in there then the bell boy took us to our room on the Punta Cana side. This guy took our 2 suitcases and carried them up 3 flights of steps to our room. He then came inside to check that we had everything. The t.v. remote wasn't there so he arranged for another one to be brought up. An hour and 3 remote controls later, we had a working remote. Again, for us this wasn't a big deal. We felt more sorry for the poor guy who had to keep walking up and down the stairs in the heat to get another remote.STAFF/LANGUAGE: No Problem. The guys in the offices and reception were very good at English and some spoke French too. I had learnt some holiday Spanish before leaving England and this made a big difference to the holiday. It was usually a case of ask in Spanish and get answered in English. We were told that the children learn English at public school from the age of 6. The more English they learn, the better job they are likely to get. This is why they try to practise the language on you as much as they can. You will also note that a lot of the staff are young, as in, under 40, unless you are in the higher ranks.Our maid was lovely. She came in mid morning and made swans and heart shaped towles with flowers scattered around them after we had left her gifts and a tip. She was off over the week-end and we had another maid. She didn't do this and she also left no face cloths and no creamers for coffee. Plus she also cleaned the room later in the day around 4.30 when we wanted to rest. There is room for improvement in this aspect of the service provided by the hotel.ROOM: Big, spacious and very clean. The switch for the ceiling fan is by the bed side lamp. We had 2 x double beds and we were on the third floor. The doors kind of lock from the inside but staff can get in if they have a card. We took door stops but they weren't deep enough. If you take a door stop, take one that has a raised wedge of at least 3. In the end we opened the wardrobe door immediately behind the door and put a chair infront of it. On two occassions the maid just walked in and my husband had to jump into his swimming trunks as he had just taken a shower. The maid did knock but they enter straight away before waiting for a reply. The mini bar was fine. All drinks were re-stocked daily and we left a $1 tip and a note asking him not to leave beer as we don't drink it. He left us extra water instead. You are normally left, 3or 4 beers, 4 water, 2 pepsi, 2 7up and 2 diet pepsi. Our building was 18 and our room was no. 18307. If you want peace and quiet, avoid this building. It faces reception and the Merangue theatre. The theatre practise all afternoon and hold some children's clubs there. The shows start at 9pm through till 11pm. So it isn't quiet if you wanted to take a siesta. Our view from the balcony was of the fountain, and the reception. To the left was the forest. To the right was the new building area which was being developed. No real noise there at all. There is building work going on around the out skirts of the hotel complex but we didn't find it bothering us at all. We have never been to a country for a holiday where we haven't encountered construction to some extent. Most of the construction is hidden by the palms anyway. Rooms have to be vacated by 12pm. If you use a phone card to dial home, press 9 for an outside line. The hotel charges $2 per call. We couldn't get a line out internationally on the last night and all cell phone lines were busy too.BEACH: Absolute heaven. White powdery sand and crystal clear aqua ocean. No food or trash on the beach. Guys clean up the seaweed through out the day. Again, any mess is usually left by the tourist, so have some respect. Take your trash back to your apartment or put it into one of the many bins on the beach. All food is consumed within the resteraunts. We walked for miles on this beach just taking in the stunning scenery. The right side is the better side to the beach. The left side can bring you into contact with guys trying to get you to book a stay in a hotel which is currently being re-furbished, further down the beach. The left side is also not as clean. We saw trash under the trees in the form of old shoes, plastic juice cartons, seaweed and even the back off an old t.v. The right side of the beach has your water sports and market stalls. Lots of chairs too and Palaps, BUT, again this is another place that the hotel needs to improve on. Great seats, and shadey areas but most tourists reserve their places late at night or early in the morning with beach towles. This is not fair to other tourinsts. A better policy on towel returns and not allowing items to be left on chairs, needs to be introduced. Yes, it is windy here but you need it, believe me. Without the warm wind you would fry. Another tip, there is a nice quiet spot by the side of the resteraunt called Las Olas on the left. You don't have a sea view as such but you get more of a chance to get a seat in the shade, plus your meal and drinks are but a few steps away. We found Las Olas a nicer snack bar too. A better choice of food was found here from 12pm onwards. Don't mind the dogs on the beach either. We saw a couple and some puppies. They just sleep and wander around and don't mind being petted.ENTERTAINMENT: You are given a timetable of events through out the day. In the evening there are the reception bars and the 2 x theatres. It didn't appeal to us as we were too tired by 9pm but they try their best with the shows and no they aren't Vegas but this is a poor country and they do their best so give them a chance. Beach ball, a table tennis table, water sports, beach soccer, beach aerobics all available. Spanish lessons at 10.30 each day. The bars in Pueblo Principe have a pool table and there is a dart board some where too. If you go to Pueblo Principe and don't mind being hassled by the market store holders then that's o.k. We don't like being asked every 5 minites if we want to buy a necklace or a peice of carved wood. But, this is how they make their money so you have to tolerate it.DRINKS: Loved the rum. Oh yes, verrryyy nice. My favorite drinks were the Bahia Principe cocktail and the Cobra Libray - rum and coke. Gorgeous fruit juices for those like my hubby who don't drink. We aren't big drinkers but a lot of the tourists take advantage of the all day drinking. You couldn't be bored with the food or the drink.RESTERAUNTS: Lots of choice here but we stuck to the snack bars and the main buffet. I can highly recommend the main buffet. What a choice. I had freshly carved turkey on my first night. Absolutely fantastic. Lots of food all around you to choose from. Our man Alfredo, made sure my husband got his daily supply of fresh fries. I don't eat red meat or pasta but found that I was spoilt for choice in this place with every thing. It was all fresh food and very carefully displayed. The staff can be a little too over attentive with clearing your plate away a second after you finish, or filling your glass as soon as you get the last drop passed your lips. We also had a waiter called, Amaurice, lovely friendly lad but lingered around chatting whilst you tried to eat or talk to your partner. We couldn't relax enough to enjoy the meal thoroughly as we knew we were going to be disturbed every few minites. Maybe another learning curb for the hotel here !!WEATHER: The best ever. It rained briefly on the 12th. I say rain, more like a fine shower compared to the lashing of rain we have nearly every day in England. It was welcome too and made a pleasent change. GOLF/TENNIS: We played the crazy golf course a couple of times and tennis once. I am good at neither. The crazy golf is crazy in that there isn't really a beginning, the breeze when a little stronger, blows the ball the opposite direction and the course is about as flat as a mountain range, but it all added to the fun. The tennis courts are nice. We played for 40 minites but it got too hot in the end so we gave up. Make sure you take a bottle of water down to the court with you as there is no place to get a drink.Tours: We only took the outback safari tour. Yes, it was worth it. We had a driver called candy man and a tour guide called Eddie. Definitely the best of the bunch from the company. We had a great time on this tour. We were with a bunch of people from America. The tour consisted of visiting a typical Dominican house in the mountains, a cocoa/coffee plantation where they also grow sugar cane. You get to take a few quick snaps at a local school. We visited a small, local, public beach where the cows wander freely. We didn't stop near to the cows though. The tour takes you boogie boarding here. Nice beach although when you compare it to the one in resort it just doesn't compare. We sat on the beach, drank the rum and watched. There is an open bar policy all the way through the trip which started at 9am and last till 4pm. You are also given lunch at a small resteraunt on the mountain. You are served local Dominican food. It was very nice but there isn't a lot of it. The surrounding countryside and scenery is beautiful. Watch out for the beetles in the trees, especially if you don't like spiders. One landed on this poor girls head, she flicked it off, it landed on her husband's knee, he flicked it onto the bus floor, where by a lady next to my husband saw it and began to scream loudly and grip my husbands arm. It was funny at the time and only happens occassionaly so don't worry about it. We all had a good laugh and carried on the trip. The visit to the cocoa plantation was interesting. We tasted fresh cocoa, sugar cane and Mamajuanna, the local herb dink that cures all known ailments to mankind !!!!It consists of red wine, rum, honey and herbs. An unusual taste but not too bad. I recommend you buy it from the guy at this farm as it is a lot more expensive in the shops back at the resort. His vanilla is also cheaper to buy. The safari jeep was full and we felt a little cramped on the bus. If you go to the beach don't buy the palm leaf hats as they shrink very quickly and are of no use once you get home. If you like potato chips, or crisps as we call them, buy some from the shop when you stop to get changed for the beach. They sell Lays and another brand, plus chocolate and alcahol. I love my crisps so we bought some and munched them on the beach. If you like your chocolate and potato chips then take them with you from home as they only sell pringles at the lobby shop in the resort and they are very expensive. At the typical Dominican house, the family sits outside whilst you take a look inside their wooden shack. Very basic stuff inside. You also get to taste real Dominican coffee. We were told to leave gifts if we wanted too but you don't have too. We had brought some anyway, but I also took soda from the mini bar, toiletries from the bathroom and candy from the lobby shop. New or nearly new children's clothes are also welcomed by these people. We left pens, pencils, erasers and sharpeners with the tour guide which he distributes through 6 local schools. The schools have virtually nothing and some children don't even have shoes. So if you can squeeze just a few little extras into your suitcase, then please do so and see how much of a smile you can bring to a childs face by just handing over a small item of candy. The tour guide also tells you not to hand out gifts to children on the street or who follow the bus as they can get hurt by the traffic and it also encourages them to beg instead of going to school. The cost of the tour is $80 per person.INSECTS AND BITES: My husband did not get bitten at all. He did not take any precautions against insect bites. I had four bites on each leg and 3 on my arm. I was the one taking odourless garlic capsules that are supposed to deter insects when you sweat and I also sprayed with insect repellant. I was only bitten when I went out at dusk. We encountered maybe 3 mosquitos in the room but these were probably let in by the maids when they cleaned the room and left open the doors. I get bitten at home during the summer and my husband doesn't so I can't really blame anyone but myself for that.AIRPORT: Yes it is basic but very nice. Terminal 1 is hot and humid. Terminal 2 has good A/C and more shops and places to eat. We made the mistake of paying $23 each for the VIP lounge. It's only our opinion but we felt it wasn't worth it. The A/C was high up so you didn't really benefit from it as much. The room isn't that big. You are told there are tables, chairs, internet access, a t.v. free drinks from the bar, and snacks, consisting of hot dogs, pizza etc. Yes there are tables and chairs, 2 x computers for internet access, one t.v. in the corner near the bar where everyone smokes. The snacks were on top of the bar, open to the elements and consisted of dry slices of baghette, 2 types of red meat, some slices of fruit and 2 types of cheese. There was no regulation on using the internet so it tended to get hogged by teenagers chatting to their mates. This could be improved upon by setting a time limit per person. No sign of pizza, fries, or hot dogs as stated by the rep in the resort. There was a smoking and a no smoking area. Our rep stated that it was a no smoking room. Please don't get me wrong, we don't smoke and we don't hold a grudge against those that do. But, when you have lost 4 realtives to lung cancer in the past 5 years, the last one being my mum 10 months ago, then you are very cautious about being in an area where smoking is allowed. To be honest it didn't matter if you were in the no smoking area or not cause the smoke came over that way as the room was so small, plus the cabin crew and captains use the room and they smoked where ever they chose too. We were also not told by the rep that you don't need to go to the gate to board if you have paid for the VIP lounge. They board you from the lounge area, straight onto the plane after everyone else has boarded. We learnt this from a couple sat infront of us in the lounge who had travelled to the Dominican before.CONCLUSION: A great hotel for any age, race size or shape, abled or disabled person. Yes, there is always room for improvement but hey, these people are still learning and at least you get service with a song and a smile. Go and relax and sample the real Dominican way of life, AND remember DON'T WORRY, BE HAPPY !!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cbltiger
<Content>Outstanding Vacation!!!       Beach to the right  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>overall the resort is ok however there bell boy service ???? As regarding bell boy service during check out we waited for an hour no body showed up and called three times finally we dragged our laggage, fortunately they had wheels.the other thing our bus pick up was at 730 pm but we had to check out at 12 noon, i think all inclusive should co-ordinate check out time with bus pick up for airport.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bahia is Beautiful We stayed at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana from April 7 through April 12th. I used Trip Advisor to pick my hotel and wanted to post a review that might help others. The Hotel - I can't imagine how anyone could complain about this hotel. Not only is it fabulous but it is spotless. You could eat off any floor you see. I've never seen such a clean hotel and we've been all over the world. The lobby is breathtaking and the lobby bar is beautiful. I took my Mom and Dad to celebrate his 80th birthday and asked for a room that was centrally located. We were given Villa 19 and even my mother who cannot walk long distances did not have a problem. The trams went everywhere. Yes, we had a couple of mosquitos in our room but they weren't like NJ mosquitos and we never got bit. This can be avoided if your room is on the upper levels. The Food - As soon as you arrive, you have to book the speciality restaurants. This was our only problem. We could not get into the more popular ones. We ate at the Gourmet and the Italian. Both were very nice but don't expect a NY style restaurant or you will be disappointed. The salad bar in the Italian restaurant was to die for and we would have eaten their again if we could have. The buffets were very good and we always found something we liked. The salad bar and desserts were above average. The chicken at the snack bar down by the beach pool was really great and so were the hot dogs. The Beach - Spectacular, one of the best we have ever seen. The sand really must be experienced because none of the reviews do it justice. To get a prime spot, you really must get up early. Most people keep their towels at the end of the day and put them on chairs before 7:00 am the next morning. The Pools - I have never seen pools as big and as clean as the five that are in this resort. Yes there is topless bathing on the beach and at the pools and it's not confined to the younger crowd. I saw more topless grandmothers than you can imagine. The three beach pools at the end of the tram route are the most active and are enormous. Pueblo Principe - This is the little town were everyone goes in the evenings. It has a casino, internet cafe, shops, disco and snack bar. They also have live music in the square. You must pay for anything you eat or drink here. Gamblers note: There are only about twenty 5 cent slot machines, three black jack tables, two roulette wheels and a couple of Caribbean poker tables. Finally, this is the first resort we've visited where most people are up very early. My husband and I would go for coffee at 7:00 and be amazed by the number of early risers. The staff are wonderful and always eager to help. We left a tip for the maid every day and had beautiful flower and towel arrangements in our room. The night of my Dad's birthday, they made him a great chocolate cake and served us bottle of champage at the Italian restaurant. You cannot go wrong booking this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful getaway Just returned from a four night stay at the Gran Bahia Principe. Went with a group of girlfriends. Everything from the check-in went smoothly. Our rooms were great (please note that we did upgrade to the club golden rooms). The rooms were large and very clean. The bathroom was very spacious with a large soaking tub. There are many options for food and many bars. The food at the buffet was better than I expected. There were always lots of very good choices. The one drawback was the speciality dining. It left much to be desired. I would suggest that you just stick to the buffet for all of your meals. Also, would suggest that you bring your own wine because the local wines that they serve as a part of the all inclusive plan was of poor quality.The staff was wonderful. They were friendly and always greeted you with a smile and seemed happy to see you. The beach and pools were fabulous. The beach was very clean with miles of white sand and always plenty of chairs. This property is very well maintained and staff was constantly keeping things clean. This is a hugh property but there was always a trolley to take you where you needed to go.There were only a few mosquitos and they were not bothersome.Did not see the shows--so no comment.At the check out our tab was only one US dollar and that was because I made a phone call back to the States--still a good value.When you go you will have a good time.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TanKatLuvr
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous Resort! I can鈥檛 say enough about how fabulous Bahia Principe is! We stayed from April 3rd to April 8th and just loved the resort. Everything is brand new and sparkles. Our room was huge, comfy beds, and beautiful large marble bathrooms. We tipped the maid $3-5 a day plus gifts such as perfume, cosmetics, and toys for her children. I also had a new pair of sandals and three dresses that I have never worn that I gave her and she was delighted. I also left a dollar, plus some candy or a new ball cap each day in the mini fridge with a note of what we needed. Everything was taken care of per our requests.Check-in was easy since we arrived at 4:00 on our own and there weren鈥檛 any tour groups at that time. We were given two adjoining rooms in villa #26 on the Bavaro side which is three or four villas away from the beach, and it was perfect. Location doesn鈥檛 really matter here since no one has an ocean view anyway. We went straight to the snack bar by the pool and had burgers, chicken, fries, etc.My first priority was to get my hair done in braids with extensions. I checked the prices in the cabanas by the pool that the resort offers and it was very high. They wanted $99 for full head of braids, no extensions. If you wanted extensions, they charged $270!!! Crazy! I walked 30 minutes down the beach to the beach vendors and the ladies wanted $130 for extensions and braids. I knew I could do better.I caught a 鈥榤oto-taxi鈥?(for $1.00 US) which is a motorcycle in front of the resort entrance and told them in my terrible Spanish 鈥淣ecissito ir el salon de pelo鈥?and they understood that I needed to go a hair salon in town. They wanted $80 US for extensions and braids. I told them I brought my own extensions ($2.99 per package at Sally beauty Supply 鈥?I brought 2 packages) and that I didn鈥檛 have much money, but I have 鈥渕ucho relagos鈥?(many gifts) and they agreed.Braiding took 2.5 hours and looked awesome. I had braids down to my hips. It was fun cause we tried to communicate and I got to practice my limited Spanish. This was 10 am in the morning and before they started they went out and bought two huge bottles of Presidente Beer and we all indulged and laughed the whole time. For trading and gifts I brought perfumes that I had never used and also from the dollar store, cosmetics, nail polish, costume jewelry that I didn鈥檛 wear anymore, sunglasses, ball caps, and a bunch of lace bras that were too small that I never wore. They loved everything and I ended up paying $20 US. I had a man and two women braiding my hair.That following day before 9 am we made our ala carte reservations and spa appointments. The Japanese restaurant was a lot of fun and service was good. The French restaurant was our favorite with fabulous service and delicious food. Seafood restaurant was okay, but the Italian restaurant had the slowest service. The buffets were great and we had nothing to complain about there at all.We indulged in the 2 hour spa package that included: Shower, hydrotherapy, body exfoliation, chocolate wrap, Jacuzzi and massage for $135 US. We really enjoyed it even though the massages are not up to the standards we are used to in the US. Our attendants worked hard and we made sure to tip them.I always wondered why anyone would come all the way to Punta Cana and hang out at the pool instead of the beach. But I was guilty of that most days because the pool by the beach is so much fun. The animation team is really good and the games and dance lessons were fun to watch and participate in. I took a raft that I bought at the dollar store and floated on it all day. We took a few dips in the ocean as well. Santa at the bar hut by the pool makes a killer 鈥渕udslide鈥? It was my favorite drink and I always went to her cause everyone else made them different. I also wore 50SPF everyday and got a great tan.Lots of topless women of all shapes and sizes. Quite a few men of large stature in 鈥榯hongs鈥?!! I got used to it after an hour and decided to go topless one afternoon myself on the beach. Thanks to the Europeans for being so open and accepting of the human body and not viewing it as ugly or dirty. Because of this attitude, this was the very best vacation I have taken in my life. It was so liberating to not be self conscious of my less than perfect body!!!!!There were quite a few Americans and Canadians, but the majority was from Spain, Italy, Germany and France. The Spaniards are a fun loving group and very friendly, I made quite a few friends with them. It was really fun and a challenge to communicate with each other, but we managed most of the time with lots of laughter in between.When purchasing souvenirs from the beach vendors, I didn鈥檛 spend any cash at all. I just traded what I had in my bag from the dollar store like baseballs, ball caps, etc. Except for tipping the maid and other service staff, I spent very little money and came back with $100.Because of a foot injury, we did not go on the FUN BUGGY excursion that we had reserved. I do wish we could have done that. I was able to visit Ilka and her students at the school in Cortecito. I visited on Thursday afternoon and brought some trinkets for the children and a gift for Ilka. The children sang a song and danced for me and then made me get up and dance. It was great fun and the children were so sweet! That was the highlight of my trip.I made sure to take one Pepto Bismol pill a day as a precaution for the different food and rich creamy drinks and I NEVER GOT SICK. One of our group got sick but I think it may have been from brushing her teeth with the tap water.Yes, the Dominican men can be very flirtatious. Take it with a grain of salt and enjoy the attention, but don鈥檛 take it seriously. We had a ball and enjoyed everyone we met, be it tourists or locals. As for those who find there is a language barrier, I found that if you go down there armed with some Spanish phrases and try to communicate, there really aren鈥檛 any problems you can鈥檛 over come. I loved being immersed in a different language and learning how to speak it.I highly recommend Punta Cana as a destination and the Bahia Principe is a wonderful resort. I would definitely return!!!!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Claudio1980
<Content>Bahia Principe Bahia Principe, we love it My girlfriend and I have just returned from the Bahia Principe resort and Spa. We stayed there April 2-April 9th. There was not one thing that we could complain about with this resort. It was excellent in every sense of the word.Starting with the food, it was definitely a 5 star rating no matter what you choose to eat. The Japanese, French and seafood restaurants were all excellent. The only one I would suggest staying away from would be the Italian. The buffet was excellent everyday and I suggest the pizza, loved it. We had the Club Golden package so we also had free room service and robes and slippers included in which they spared no expense. The entertainment was a little amateur be still entertaining. The animation team was the most friendly I have ever came across. Hola too, CARLOS and JENNY. We visited the disco quite frequently because we are a young couple and like to dance. The disco was ok on some nights but not very busy on others. This resort is more for relaxation but you can still have nights when everyone is in party mode. I have been the Cancun Mexico and the beach is definitely in the same class. It is a beautiful long beach that seems to go for ever. Nice Greenish blue with white sand. You can have a hard time getting chairs if you don't get out early in the moring but we didn't seem to have to many problems. All and all I think that the hotel is a beautiful places, it was our first time away together and we wouldn't have changed a thing. The resort is very large so if you like the up close and person 200 room type of hotel don't come here. They do have little trams to take you from one end of the resort to the other and they come around every minute or so, so you don't have to wait for one. Concluding my review I leave you with this. I like no matter how picky you are you will definitely find this resort 5 stars all the way.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You are stupid not to go! My mom, father, and another close family of ours, visited the Bahia from March 11th to March 18th 2005. This vacation was perfect. Absolutly no complaints, except for when we HAD to go home! Our flights there and back were outstanding. two of the best flight I have ever taken. We travelled with Air Transat. We were Club Golden, and had villa 4 room 4106, perfect location. Right across from a cute place to eat and 10 metres from the bus stop. Rooms: Out of this world. I have never slept better in my life. Always kept clean and I constantly felt safe. The fridge is stocked daily with President茅 Beer, bottled water (use to brush your teeth and such) and bottled soda.Beach: Wow! Always being cleaned, and always having many things going on. Beautiful white sand, turquoise water, and an interesting sunken ship a ways out. We were never bothered by beggers, left alone most of the time.People: we have been many places south and nowhere have we met such amazingly nice and genuine people. Of course they asked for money and such but once you said no, they would back off. They were always constantly making you feel at home, with their beautiful smiles and always repeating ''HOLA!!'' loud and clear.Language: no Dominicans I came across spoke english well. But, it was very fun. I learned quite a bit of spanish by just talking to the locals. Some very cute mistakes in the menus and signs, you will defnitly get a kick out of them.Resort: aboslutly gorgeous! HUGE, but incredible. We had the perfect location for our villa which made it great. There are constantly little bus shuttles going around to take you from the lobby to the beach. It is beautiful and always kept clean. They are working very hard all the time.Food: suprisingly delicious. If you are Club Golden, you get to choose 4 out of 6 a la carte resturants. We chose French, Italian, Mexican and Japanese, no complaints. GREAT food. Sugestion- book those resturants at your arrival.Entertainment: hilarious! I fell in love with every single one of the Animation Team, and I am still keeping in touch with them VIA e-mail, MSN and letters. (keep your eye out for Norbertto a.k.a Baby!, Richard, Gary, Calito, Tommy, Jose, and Enrique-- great guys). There was always something to do and watch with the A Team. Wether it be Water and Beach Aerobics, or dancing at the disco, or watching them perform, they were always so much fun. You MUST go to the discotek, the marketplace at 11:00pm and the water aerobics at least once during your stay.I could keep going, because it was the most magnificant thing in the world. I know for a fact that I will be travelling back to the Bahia again in the near future. I am planning on going with my school in 2 years. And I could keep going back. Having 7 full days of 30-35 degrees and no clouds or rain was definitly a way to energize us. Your doing yourself a favour by going, you'll never forget it. E-mail me with any questions, i would be happy to answer. dev_hicks@hotmail.comThanks,Devon.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Holidayinfinity
<Content>Well worth it! Our vacation in Punta Cana was from March 26 to April 2. We had been to the Dominican before, but this was our first trip to Punta Cana. On our previous trip, we stayed at the Bahia Principe in Puerta Plata and very much enjoyed it so we decided to stick with them. We had read the mixed reviews so we didn't know what to expect. Fortunately for us, we were very happy with our choice.As many people have said before, you have to read reviews with an open mind. You never know what type of people are writing them. Obviously, people come to these resorts with different expectations and I think those preconceived notions impact their reviews. With that being said, here's what we thought...We booked our trip with World of Vacations and flew with Air Transat. I wasn't looking forward to this as I'm not the biggest fan of AT, but our flights were fine. We arrived late (11:30 at night), but we left late so we didn't lose any days. We were fine with the late return flight. Rather than pay the $20 an hour to keep our room, we checked out early and stored our luggage in the courtesy room. We packed a back pack with toiletries and our travel clothes and hit the beach. At 5:00 we showered in the outdoor showers , got dressed and were ready to head to the airport. It was a great way to spend our last day.The resort: When we first arrived in the lobby, we noticed all the marble and the beautiful rich wood. It's very well done. The landscaping is very nice already and will only get nicer as the plants mature. As you have probably read, the size of the resort is very large. However, we found that the layout and the ever running tram made it easy to get around and find everything.The maintenance and general upkeep around the area is fabulous. There were always people around cleaning the grounds, picking up garbage and tidying up. The rooms: We were very lucky with our rooms. We made 2 requests and got them both. The room itself was very nice. It's great to have a king size bed and so much space. We even appreciated the satellite TV. Our fridge was always stocked with everything we needed. The bathroom is awesome! (You'll see)We read the reviews about the safes and some people losing things. We opted to lock our valuables in our suitcase and we had no problems.The beach: If you see this beach and this water and you don't like it...then nothing can make you happy. The views are breathtaking! The water is clear, turquoise blue and the sand is just off white and a soft as can be. The water was never calm as there was always a breeze, but we didn't care. Actually, the wind was a godsend to help cool you off a bit.We are definitely beach people as opposed to pool people so we spent most of our time there. We NEVER got up early to save a chair and we always found one. We weren't in the front row, but we always had chairs and a palapa. So, if you aren't an early riser, don't worry. (The pools are a different story)The food: When travelling to places like this, I never expect too much from the food. I don't know why people expect gourmet fare in an all inclusive resort. With that being said, we were happy with the choices. The buffet was extensive and they had some nice options. Breakfast was a favorite for my husband (fresh omelettes, crepes, pancackes, etc) and I like the pasta bar at lunch. We always found something that we liked. I stuck mainly to cooked food and he ate a variety of things. Neither of us had any problems with sickness.We dined ala carte at Cafe De Paris, The Garden Grill, and Il Capriccio. We booked our reservations the morning after we got in and had no problems getting what we wanted. We would recommend trying ala carte as it was a nice change from the buffet. The French restaurant had the best service and the best entree (chicken) not to mention the flaming coffee! My husband really enjoyed his steak at The Garden Grill, but my ribs were a little tough. The Italian restaurant had wonderful soup and dessert, but we thought the entrees we chose were a little bland.The service: We thought the service was wonderful. We bought a Spanish/English dictionary in case we had problems communicating, but we found that any people that we needed to communicate with understood English fine. The housekeeping and maintenance staff weren't so fluent, but they always reponded with a smile when greeted. If someone didn't understand something, they quickly found someone who could.Excursions: We only did one excursion and that was to the Marinarium for snorkelling. My husband really enjoyed it. I also heard good things about the Bavarro Runners and the Sanoa Island trip.Supplies: As many people have mentioned, buying supplies down there is expensive. Be sure you have plenty of suntan lotion, bug spray, and small medical supplies (band aids, advil, etc) so you don't have to buy it there. The sun is VERY hot, so you will go through a lot of sunscreen. Be careful to watch your time in the sun. We saw many burnt bodies! We didn't see many bugs, but we always put bug spray on just in case.Souveniers: I noticed quite a few people walked to the flea market to purchase gifts. We went, but didn't find anything. However, if you don't want to do the 40 minute walk, you will probably find what you need in Pueblo Principe. On Friday night, there are vendors from Santo Domingo that set up tables in courtyard and you can barter with them. If not, our rep from World of Vacations mentioned a reputable place that is a short drive from the hotel. She arranged the free ride to and from the store. There is no bartering, but the prices are fair (rum, vanilla, coffee, jewellry, cigars, etc). There were several people that liked this option the best. Obviously we really enjoyed our trip. Our goal was to rest and relax on the beach and we did that. If this is the resort you chose, I would be hard pressed to understand how you couldn't enjoy yourself.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>debrahj
<Content>stunning, go there you wont be disappointed       beach  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WTW
<Content>Something for Everyone at Bahia       Main Pool (closest to beach)/pool bar-left of pic  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Suev
<Content>Loved The Bahia We just returned from the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana on Saturday, April 2nd. What a great trip. My boyfriend and I were totally burned out before we left and after a week there, I feel totally re-charged.We left Toronto on Good Friday via Air Transat, I think in future I would upgrade to Club Transat as the seats in economy were tight and the meal consisted of a Quesideilla and a bag of Doritos. Anyway we arrived at the Punta Cana airport around 8:30pm, interesting airport - thatched roof and all. We were lucky and got our reservation cards on the bus so that really saved time.We arrived at the hotel, absolutely beautiful, amazed at how large the property is. Very overwhelming. The bus dropped us off at Club Golden and we were registered in a matter of minutes. We also booked all (4) of our a-la-carte dinners at that time also. Didn't even go near the front desk.Restaurants:Japanese - the best The Gourmet - tieThe Grill - tieItalian - very disappointing - I ordered Chef's special and got spaghetti with a white sauceBuffet - Breakfast was the best - omlettes to orderRoomsGorgeous and quite large with a balcony with table and chairs. King size bed, bathrobe, hairdryer, toiletries, beach towels. We always left a tip each day for the maid and asked for extra towels (she took good care of us). We also left a tip each day in the Mini Bar as I always wanted extra water. We did pay for a safe ($35 US) and had no problems.DrinksThe Lobby Bar had the best drinks. Although the girls at the Pool Bars always kept our mugs full.PoolsWe hung out alot at the pool by the Italian restaurant as it was quieter. We had to join the routine of getting up early (7:30am) to go and put your towels on chairs. BeachAbsolutely beautiful - we walked the beach to the flea markets about 45 minutes away - great walk - didn't buy anything at the flea market as we both felt it was alot of junk.ToursWe didn't take any tours as all we wanted to do was relax as we were both so tired.WeatherEvery day about 30 degrees celcius and sunny except last day - rainy and cloudy.MamajuanaMy boyfriend and I tried this drink which is referred to as Dominican Viagra, well I passed out from it. We spoke to another couple and they had the same reaction- passed out at 4pm and woke at 11:30pm - missed dinner and all. My mamajuana did not make mamma wana.Phone CallsI called home once, called directly (10 minute call) and upon check-out that call only cost me $5 US. We also emailed our family - 15 minutes free internet use per day at Club Golden.Casino We are not gamblers so I didn't even go near it.DiscoMy boyfriend refuses to dance (you know frog in a blender) so we never got to that either.Shows/TheatreWe watched alot of the shows and were quite impressed. These people work so hard to entertain us and we enjoyed it.The only complaint I had was upon check out; our plane was not leaving until 10:25pm and checkout was 12noon - I inquired about late checkout and was told $20 per hour extra. I had a booklet that was given out at arrival that showed the charge was $10 per hour (which I would have paid) but Club Golden told me that was an error and it should read $10/hr/person. We felt this was a total cash grab so we checked out at 12noon and had to sit in the lobby until 6pm when our bus came to take us to the airport. It was raining that day so we couldn't even sit at the pools. And then you sit at the airport for 3 hours. It was a very long day and after speaking to alot of others we all agreed that in future we would prefer to fly back during the day.Would I go back to this resort, yes but we like to try different resorts and vacation destinations.Happy travels to all.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Edmonton34
<Content>miserable hotel Three of the four travellers left the hotel with food poisoning and that was just the end of a very bad week. I was expecting the place to be clean and it had bugs all over in the lower rooms and the food prep area was very unclean. There are lineups for everything (food, drinks, beach activities) to sign out out a watersport activity required a day to two days notice. This hotel has the services for half of the people who stay there. I don't complain about much but this hotel was a waste of a holiday in a wonderful location. The beach was fabulous... we just couldn't enjoy it because you had to get up at 7am to get a lounge chair for the day. People were stealing chairs and arguing about it too. Miserable in general. The front desk staff did nothing about our concerns. We were staying with another couple and booked to be in the same room building and the hotel refused to change anything for the week. Victor was in charge of the front desk and he was rude and no help... my suggestion is deal with your vacation carrier. The kick in the face at the end was having to check out at noon and sit in the lobby because they wanted to charge $40 US per hour to have late check out and three of our holidayers had diaherria bad and we were very unhappy with the hotel and refused to give the shiesters another dollar... STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE IF YOU CAN!!! The Punta Cana location is wonderful and I will go back. Just not to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In Love With Bihia Principe!! I went to Bihia Principe in Dominican Republic, Punta Cana this March 19-26 2005 with my Mom, Dad,sister and two brothers.The flight (Canjet) was awful..We were suppose to leave at 6 am..but our flight was delayed until 9am. Then it ended up being a 6 hour flight instead of 4 and same on the way home it was 5 and a half hours...When we got there we had already lost a few hours..but that was ok. The resort is very large, but werent too far away from things.They had little buses going around all the time. The resort was beautiful, the beach was so nice and relaxing. The people were totally awesome. The entertaiment were amazing, always soo much fun. The shows were always soo good. Even the ones by the pool side were too awesome..The resturant was good, they had a different theme everynight.My mom and dad made it too one of the a la cart resturants, the japanese. they loved it. They had a live band everynight in the little village. They did a good job. The disco was awesome. If ur into dancing and having a real good time the disco rocks..everything about it is soo much fun. even the look is awesome. They really know how to have a good time in there.The beach, take a walk down it. I took one with a friend i had met, we walked up and down both ends and it was just beautiful.I really have nothing bad to say at all about Bihia I went last year also in puerta plata and loved it. Everything about the whole place rocks...i dont think i met too many people who disagreed with me either. Hope the place keeps rockin..cause i will go back again in a flash..  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Beach, pool, and Bar , Bad Management, Terrible Housekeeping I stay in Bahia Princepe Punta Cana from Mar 22 to Mar 29 with my two sons, age 16 and 10, as our March Break Vacations. I will categorize my experience, since the quality of the resort and its service varieds greatly.PAST EXPERIENCE:This is the first time I stayed at an All-Inclusive, although I have cruised extensively with Celebrity and Disney. I have also stayed at hotels in other Caribbean islands.FLIGHTS:Skyservice. Seating is very cramped and has no leg room. I am 5'6 and all I can do is sit straight up. It arrivesat 10pm, and on the flight home, arrives in Toronto at 1:30 AM, very strange schedule.CHECK-IN: ***** THIS IS WHERE I FIRST EXPERIENCE THE ARROGANCE OF THE MANAGEMENT *****After reading other reviews on this website, I asked for a higher floor. The desk clerk pretended not hear me, and after several repeat, told me hotel is sold out, no other room. I then ask for manager, and was directed to talk to the supervisor, Miguel, while the desk clerk told him in Spanish that I want to change room, and he already told me there is no room available, and also that he already told me the supervisor will say the same thing. They did not realize I understand Spanish perfectly. Sure enough, Miguel say no other room available. I then ask for the manager, and this time was shown to a white person, obviously not local, who made me wait while he makes a phone call. Again, their message was communicated in Spanish. The manager then told me that there is no other room, and said *** I SHOULD TAKE THIS ROOM, OR ELSE HE WILL SEND ME TO ANOTHER HOTEL *** Now, is that the proper attitude for a 5 star hotel? At this point I decided not to deal with this arrogant manager any more and ruin my own vacations, I simply said my room is prepaid through Sunquest, they have to give me a room, and I will remember my treatment and I will post a review online based on my experience. I also told them that I understood everything they said among themselves and I know that they never put in any effort in trying to fulfill my request.After I left the counter, Miguel chased after me, now with a worried look on his face, told me to meet him next morning at 10am, and he will do something. I just said we will see and left.The next morning, like a miracle, a few rooms on the higher floor became available!!! Now why couldn't they just try a little harder the night before and has to ruin their customer's vacation!!! I was then moved to a higher floor room. BUT WHAT IT TAKES TO ACCOMPLISHED THIS IS NOT A GOOD EXPERIENCE. THE MANAGER WAS ARROGANT AND RUDE, TREATED ME LIKE AN INFERIOR CUSTOMER. Now, later on, I found 2 small bottles of cheap rum, and two Bahia Principe t-shirts, I guess as an effort to keep me from writing this review, but why do they think I can be bought by $20 worth of gifts? and as you read on, how can that possibly make up for their bad service?Turns out, there are at least 3 other Sunquest customers asking for the same thing, all were put in the same main floor building I was originally allocated. All of them bitten badly by mosquitoes or have to suffer the strong smell of pesticides. Maybe Sunquest' customers just gets this treatment? My first room is in building 32 room 101, so 32101THE ROOM:Now the reason I want the higher floor is because of the main floor has more mosquitos. Sure enought, the first night, my younger son had at least 20 bites on one leg all concentrated on a 3 sq. inch area. His leg was swollen and red the entire vacation. Luckily I brought after-bite, and it helped a little. The other 3 Sunquest customers that were put on the main floor also experince the samething. After we were moved to a higher floor, there are still mosquitos, but they are not biting any more.HOUSEKEEPING:One of the worst I have experienced. The first night we arrived, they gave us a King bed and prepared the sofa bed for the 3rd person. BUT, there was no blanket? it was 12 at night, and I called and called, no one answer the line, my son decided since it is warm, he can do without blanket. But that night he caught a cold. Next morning I call again, and was promised blanket, it took 4 phone calls and 4 hours to get one.When I was then moved to the higher floor, I specifically mentioned this problem to Miguel and ask him to make sure there is blanket for my son in our new room. Sure enough, there was no blanket at 3 pm, I call again and again, and call Miguel 3 times, and finally at 9 PM, got the blanket. If I wasn't determined not the let anything ruin my vacation, it would have really turn me off. The maid to our room is terrible. The walls were covered with dead mosquitoes, all within eye level, how is it that she did not see them and clean them? I counted at least 20 dead mosquitoes. I did not get coffee in our room, and never bother asking. We had only two towels in the bathroom, and again, took 3 hours to get the 3rd towel, even after I spoke to her personally, and in Spanish so there is no misunderstanding. This room is in building 34, room 308, so 34308BAR AND RESTAURANT:The bar and restaurant service is the best and is what save our vacation from being a disaster. Drinks are great, especially the Lobby bar, cocktails always have at least 1/3 of alcohol in it, so I don't see how it can seem week. A la carte restaurant is not good, I tried Japanese and French. The Japanese food is a joke, the French appetizer and soup are cold and salty, only the main course is of any standard, but not worth the effort of trying to book it and the requirement of showing right on time. Those of us who lived in Toronto and blessed with our varieties of great restaurant can find much better food than this so-called 5 star French restaurant. The International Buffet is the best. A lot of varieties, and always fresh pasta, a roast, great dessert and Cafe Flambe. It has different theme evey night, from Wed. to Tues. is as followed: Fish, Mexican, BBQ, Gala, Dominican, Spanish, and Italian.BEACH and POOL:Great beach, but you don't get any drink service on the beach. Pool is great, and swim up bar is wonderful. My kids prefer the pool.SIGHTSEEING TOURS:We took the Bavaro Run tour. A little pricy at US$80, but since there is no town, it is the only alternative to the beach and pool everydat at the hotel. The tour stopped by sugar cane plantation, then to a cigar museum, visit a local home, then a ranch with simple lunch and horseback riding, and finish with an hour at a private beach. The highlight is of course the horseback riding. Local home is interesting, the museum is only mildly so. It is still an interesting tour because you do get to see the DR countryside and villages. I find the cigar museum overpriced, and the local home, Maria house is a tourist trap, WAY overpriced!!! However, the little gift shop at the ranch has interesting art work and souvenirs at some of the best price I have seen.SHOPPING:The beach flea market is not a good place to shop, overpriced by at least double, sometimes triple than what it should be. The resort itself has a shopping square with decent selection and price, but I find the hotel gift shop has the best price on rum, coffee, and MAMAJUANACONCLUSION:I will definitely visit Punta Cana in the future, but I will AVOID Bahia Principe. It is at best a 4* due to its poor housekeeping, so-so a la cart restaurant, and the arrogant management. As I learn later from our tour guide, 60% of DR resort are owned by Spanish companies, including Bahia Principe. I personally feel that they do not treat Canadian the same. I have seen several European guests, all of them staying at better rooms than Sunquest's customers (you can tell by their wrist bands). There are some US owned resorts, I will look for those in the future. When I spoke to the manager, I definitely get the feeling that he regards us as INFERIOR customers.This resort is worth staying if you get a good price. I paid CND $960 per person including air plus taxes and one of my son stay free, so I think I got the value I paid. I noticed sometimes it is price at $1300 to $1500 a person, then I will say look for another resort, because I believe in order to have a good vacation and for this resort to be rated as 5*, it must have consistent high standard of quality and service. Compare to my cruise experience, Bahia Principe is far from being rated 5* as it claims.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Caleyx2
<Content>Not quite up to potential My wife says four stars; I say 3 1/2. They are still working out some of the bugs (figuratively only). A beautiful place, reminds me of the Iberostar Bavaro. Only open for less than a year, it shows some signs of poor construction, cracking concrete, water leaking into our shower from the room above. They will have to stay on top of things. Three large resort type pools were above average. Activity pool was loud and busy; some people want that. Beach pool was busy. Middle pool was quiet. We chose the middle pool to relax. Overall service was slightly below what we have come to expect in the D.R., but most workers had a smile and seemed eager to help. Pick a few workers early in the week, spread around a few small tips and they will remember you. Evening entertainment was so bad it was embarrassing--skip it. Almost all buffets and restaurants closed from 10:30-1:00 and 3:30-7:00. Almost impossible to find anything to eat during those times. They should consider their Norte Americano guests, many of whom are used to eating lunch and dinner a little earlier, especially those who have smaller children. Couldn't they keep at least one buffet open during those times? We used the Japanese, Italian, French and steak sit-down restaurants. Japanese was best. Tasty food cooked and served in a cummunal, almost theatrical setting. I recommend it. Steak restaurant was the worst--began w/ some confusion (my fault) about what we were ordering. Waiter, obviously miffed, balled up the order sheet, turned his back on us and walked away, then came back and took our order. We never got our soup. Neither did the people at the next table, who also got the wrong entrees. I had trouble cutting my steak. It may have been the toughest steak I ever had. It was so bad I couldn't believe it and tried a second piece to see if it was as bad as I thought. It was. (Hint: stay away from all beef, including and especially hamburgs.) Be careful about buying at the shops. Prices are mucho dinero. A 750ml. bottle of Johnnie Walker scotch had a price tag of 40.18 on it. I asked the sales person how much that was in USD; she said it was in US! (The same size bottle was $15 in the duty-free.) Other goods are priced accordingly, e.g. bring sun tan lotion; don't plan to buy it there. Beer is in the mini-fridge, but if you want to have a couple drinks in your room, bring a bottle or two with you. Would I go back again? Yes, especially if they make some improvements. Would I seek it out as a must return to destination? No.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kbarr70
<Content>A wonderful Vacation!! My husband, son and I just returned from a wonderful holiday at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana (March 26 - April 2).We booked this trip back in November and I religiously checked the reviews of this site daily. Needless to say, I was concerned at the outset because there seemed to be quite a few not-so-nice reviews but let me tell you, those who wrote those were obviously not at the same resort!I can appreciate that everyone is entitled to their opinion HOWEVER, the things that people seemed to complain about were par for the course for travelling in a third world country (food, language barrier). The resort was beautiful, well maintained and immaculate. In a few years time when the newly planted palm trees have matured a bit, it will be spectacular. We walked along the beach and had an opportunity to check out some of the other resorts on either side of the Bahia (Grand Paradise to the left and Iberostar to the right) and they did not compare to the Bahia.The staff were always eager to please....some were better at English than others but it made it fun! I would get very annoyed when I saw some guests get frustrated at staff for not being able to understand.You never wanted for anything at this resort...always some picking up after you, bringing you a drink or even just giving you a smile. They work really really hard and I suspect for not much pay.Beach: Beautiful....miles of sand and clear turquoise waters. We were glad there was a bit of a breeze as it made the heat more comfortable.Food: I had some stomach problems, as did my son, but that is not the resort's fault. There was many choices at the buffets and my husband ate and ate and ate and ate with no problems. For the a la carte's, we ate at the Japanese, Mexican and French. Of those three, the French was the best but all were good. I would recommend you book these with guest services upon your arrival (during business hours) to ensure you get the ones you want and the times you want.Rooms: Beautiful, clean and comfortable. Our maid, Maria, made us lovely towel swans everyday with beautiful flowers. We brought a few gifts from the dollar store (make up, pantyhose, hair accessories, crayons) to give with a $1.00 tip. A little goes a long way with these people...very sad when they think a dollar store gift is a luxury item. There was also a mini fridge which was stocked with water, pop and a few cans of Presidente beer. If you want more, leave a note in the fridge and the staff will be happy to stock it up....again, $1.00 in the fridge everyday is a nice gesture. We used the room safe ($5.00 per day which you pay at registration) but I am not sure that we needed it. Remember not to drink the water from the tap...brush your teeth with some bottled water. We were in building 11 on the 3rd floor and faced the forest. We awoke every morning to 5 beautiful white egrets nesting in a tree on the other side of the fence. Not a pool view but it was nice to have the palm trees and forest.Pools: Gorgeous. My only complaint here is that you would have to get up really early to go and reserve a chair under a Palapa (for shade). If you didn't do this, you would end up missing out on a nice spot. They tell you in the rules you can't do this, but people did it anyway so we felt we had no choice but to join in. Same goes for the beach....you want a great seat, get up at 6:00 a.m. and run down and go back to bed. Even better, do it the night before. Swim-up bars were fantastic. Thanks to Pedro in the Hibiscus pool bar for his great Pedro specials.Entertainment: The Animation team did their best...not Las Vegas style shows but in the end, is that what you went there for? Sit back, have a drink or two and make the best of it. I enjoyed the entertainment more when they involved the crowd. There is later entertainment in the Pueblo Principe starting around 11:00 p.m. but we never took that in because of our son. It was nice to get to bed early anyway so we could rest up for the next day and not waste it by sleeping in.Shopping: Try to avoid buying anything on the resort. Quite expensive and prices are non-negotiable. We walked to the market (to the right down the beach) and picked up some great stuff there. It was a bit of a hike (45 minutes) so we grabbed a boat ride back to the resort. There are lots of locals in their boots cruising the shoreline looking to give people rides. It was worth the $6.00 not to have to walk back. Another great shopping trip is to Bavaro Plaza. Go left down the beach (about 10 minute walk) and you will come to a guy who gives rides to the plaza in his truck. Very safe. The ride is free and they drop you off and pick you up. Lots of bargaining with the locals which was fun. Don't ever pay what they ask. Be polite however....they love Canadians! Jewellery, rum and coffee are good bargains. The silver and pink coral jewellery are beautiful. In all, we spent about $80.00 US and came home with loads of goodies.Excursions: Lots of choices for day trips which you book through your tour rep. We travelled with Air Canada Vacations and dealt with Kim at the resort for our tour bookings and questions in general. She was a big help. We decided to take the Seaquarium Tour which involves a short trip to another beach where they take you out for a walk on the bottom of the ocean!! You wear a special helmet called a Sea Trek which is supplied with oxygen. It is very safe. I was a bit apprehensive at first but once I got down there and walked along the reefs with the beautiful marine fish, the fear quickly vanished. After your walkabout, you then snorkel for about 1 hour and view marine fish, nurse sharks and manta rays. I couldn't get my son out of the water!!! Make sure you bring an underwater camera to catch the great views.I could write a novel but will end off by giving these few tips:1. Bring lots of sunscreen - very expensive to buy2. Bring lots of $1.00 and $5.00 bills for tipping (US dollars)3. Bring at least 2 - 3 bathing suits4. Bring Immodium and/or Pepto Bismol5. Bring lots of film6. Bring an old credit card, phone card, etc. to insert in the power supply in your room which will leave your power on and AC on all the time. Your room key gives you power so when you are not in the room, the power is off. 7. Dollar store gifts - especially if you go off the resort - the local children love to receive small gifts, candy and gum8. If you buy Dominican Pesos, spend them before you leave because you can't exchange them - you will be stuck with it.9. Take the time to learn a few spanish words/phrases. The $10 cost to buy a small pocket dictionary is worth it. It will give you something to do on the plane - remember, you are in their country10. Leave your bad attitude at home - sit back, enjoy and RELAXI wouldn't worry about Malaria....I didn't see one mosquito!!!I would be happy to answer any questions if you have them.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort and beach       Great place for a stroll  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JDewitt
<Content>Bad start, Great finish! March 24th-March 28thLet me begin by saying that had it not been for the problems ecountered upon arrival, I would have rated this resort 5 stars. Now to the review. The flight out of JFK on American was fantastic. My wife and I received an upgrade to first class, for no apparent reason, which was an amazing way to start the vacation. Customs and baggage claim in Punta Cana was a breeze. Within 15 minutes of landing we were in a cab and on our way to Bahia Principe, cost $24US.Upon Arrival (2pm), we were informed that the room was not yet ready, and to check back between 3-4pm. After lounging on the beach for a while, we returned to the lobby around 330pm. At this point we were told that they did not have a room for us. Naturally, I was annoyed (to put it politely) and proceded to argue my case with an assistant manager for close to an hour. The fact that I had confirmed my reservation through the Bahia two days prior, and actually had the resorts confirmation number appeared to have no bearing on the situation. With no other option, we were escorted by the asst. mngr in a taxi to Iberostar Punta Cana for the night. The Iberostar was nice, yet still a far cry from the quality of the Bahia Principe. Moral of the story = avoid booking through the internet (travelocity, expedia). Stick with a travel agency (Liberty/Apple tours) that has representation available to help you in case this sort of situation arises.First thing Friday morning (9am) the BP asst. mngr returned to the Iberostar, gathered our baggage and escorted us back to the Bahia Principe. This time we were given our room without issue. For our troubles, we were upgraded to The Golden Club, and all A La Carte dining was arranged for us. We were offered, but declined, a Lobster dinner at the Mexican Rest for our last night. So at least they made efforts to compensate us, which was nice.The room (22212) was beautiful. No strange smells, and no humidity. Cleaned twice a day, and perfect location to the beach, 2 buildings away. Never an issue with the mini bar, plenty of waters, pepsis, diet pepsis, 7-ups, OJ, and Presidentes. TV worked fine, actually had a local NY news station which was nice, ESPN, USA, TBS, HBO, Showtime, CNN, and others. I never used the safe, just locked the valuables in my suitcase and had no problem. AC worked great. There was no iron, or ironing board in the room, but they were deliverd within 5 minutes of calling the front desk.The beach  Pools were top notch. The beach was nice soft white/tannish sand. The Ocean was clear and several different shades of blue. There are waves, but they are tiny, and swimming is great. Plenty of room to lay on the beach, it is enormous. The only issue, as many have stated, is that the loungers go fast, and the Huts go even faster. This applies to both the beach and the 3 pools. We managed to find loungers for all the days we were there, just had a problem finding shade. At 3pm you can find spots anywhere you choose, however if you are not careful (the sun is VERY strong) you will most definitly be scorched by then. We decided, if you can't beat'em, join'em. In order to ensure a nice spot on the beach for our last full day there we left our towels, flops, and a magazine, on two loungers under a hut 20ft from the water. Did we get up early to do this, like say 6am? No, we dropped the stuff off Saturday night around midnight, before going to bed. When we got to the beach after breakfast around 1030am, no problems. The best spot on the beach was ours. The Pools were great as well. They are huge in size. There are two big pools midway throught the resort, and one tremendous pool right by the beach. Very clean, and never too cold. The swim up bars were a great place to hang between 12pm and 5pm. Lot's of activity, and the bartenders were great.The food and drinks were very good. The buffet was good and the A la Cartes were great. The french, and Japanese were the best. Snacks can be had all day till 6-630pm at the snack bars on the beach, and outside the mexican restaurant.Entertainment was good. The Casino was fun, 4 blackjack tables, 2 roulette tables, 2 poker tables, and lots of slots. We didn't win big, but did manage to walk away up a couple of bucks. It is located in the village at the top of the resort, along with the disco, piano bar, and a slew of souvenir shops. Also there is a giant stage in the village where nightly shows are held. All in all there was plenty to do, but most nights we were exhausted by midnight anyway, due to the day long combination of intense sun and drinking.Just a few more side notes......We did not see one mosquito the entire time we were there, and we did not take malaria meds before traveling. We also did not hear from or see anyone else complaining about mosquitos or insects. The ATM's at the resort will only disburse $RD pesos. You will not be able to convert the pesos to USD or canadian anywhere on site, so make sure to bring enough. Presidente is the only beer served at the resort. Inclusive alcohols are local vodka and rum, smirnoff vodka, and house red and white. Drinks at the piano bar are not included nor are the drinks at the casino. Many top shelf brands of liquor are available at extra charge, as are top brands of red  white wines. There is also a very nice SPA and weight/exercise room near the top of the resort.Like I said, if not for the initial problems with the room, we would have rated this 5 stars. We will most definitely be returning to the Bahia Principe. In fact we are already looking at booking a vacation for next year with a large group, only this time we are using a travel agency!!!Feel free to email me with any questions regarding this resort.....  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great resort My wife and i stayed at Bahia Principe Punta Cana from March 19th to the 26th 2005. Our second trip to Punta Cana with Air Transat,we left Ottawa @7:00am and were flown there by WESTJET , these people know how to run an airline....fantastic crew ..satelite t.v. on board..free headsets...breakfast awesome service. It was a nice pleasure to see how the crew absoutely loved their jobs. We arrived at the resort at 12:30 Dominican time and were taken to the Club Gold check in and were greeted by a freindly staff we booked our speciately resturants at the same time. We were given a room overlooking the beach and great view of the ocean(villa 22206) The pool was a 2 minute walk and beach 2 minutes as well. The room was very nicely appointed with king size bed and big bathroom wiyh a jacuzzi tub. Plenty of towels and toiletries and very clean.The resturants are abudent and very well staffed. We ate at the buffet resturant 3 times and was just so-so,Make sure you see what the sign says over top of the food as you may be feasting on Rabbit STEW' yikes... the Japannes resturant was good the steak house was a joke I ordered Ribs and believe me you will be lucky to get a mouthfull of meat.The italian was pretty good we ate there 2 times.They do make great Ceasars with Clamato and celery stalks and limes..A couplr of bucks here and there goes a long way as the staff are paid $50.00 a week for 60 hrs work.Always had mini bar full with plenty of water and beer and Diet Pepsi. You can walk for miles on the beach without any worries. All in all nice resort ..excellant weather...terrific staff..see it for yourself  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Landmark
<Content>Enjoyable Vacation My wife and I just spent a week at the Bahia Principe and had a wonderful time. I was a bit concerned at some of the negative reviews I read. We found the complex was very well run and the staff very accomidating and friendly. The rooms are very nice and the room staff kept us well supplied. The grounds are beautiful, the restaurants and buffets offer a wide selection of food, and the beach is wonderful. I read reviews about the beaches being too windy to enjoy. We have been to many Carribean locations and found these beaches to be among some of the best. If you enjoy long streches of beach, this is the place for you. My wife and I would walk miles along beautiful beaches. We met many friendly locals which we had conversations with. We found this resort exceeded our expectations and would recommend it highly.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mimito
<Content>Stop your Worry! But be just a bit weary... overall Excellent!       view towards the north  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great week! My husband and I spent Easter week there. The best tips I had read on Tripadvisor were to take a plug-in air freshener (the rooms have a weird smell to them) and to take an insulated mug to keep your drinks nice and cold at the beach! Otherwise food, drinks, service were all wonderful. The James Bond adventure where you drive 2 man speedboats and go snorkeling was fun, as was the swimming with sharks trip. Take tips for the tour guides! If you go on the speedboat trip, trade underwater cameras with someone on the trip back so you can get shots of yourselves driving the boats. One word of warning: When we arrived on Sunday evening we were told that there was no room for us because we were a day late. I pulled out my Expedia confirmation papers proving we had the right day, but the desk staff said that meant nothing, and they did not have a room. They actually acted like we would just turn around and leave. We fully expected to be pulling a Tom Hanks in Terminal and living in the lobby for a week, since we weren't goin anywhere! After a long wait and a call to Expedia they finally found a room for us. I don't know who ended up sleeping in the lobby that night. We later learned they had been offering people money to go away earlier in the day and apparently that had not solved their overbooking problem. So be sure you have a tour company that can be reached in such an event!!!!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's what you make it! My wife and I just returned from a week long vacation at the Bahia Principle in Punta Cana. Reading the earlier trip advisor messages definitely helped prepare us for just about everything there. The weather was like 30 C everyday sunny and beautiful and there was a lot of guests there as this is during their high season. I've read a lot of earlier trip advisor reviews which were negative so I went in prepared and expecting the worse, this is how I found things.Food- You are allowed limited visits to the ala carte restaurants but you can visit the buffet as much as you like. We went to 3 a la carte restaurants, mexican, japanese and le gourmet. Keeping in mind that these people are Domincan and are not exactly specialist in other cultural cuisines, I found the Mexican and Japanese good, you can't really compare it to real hardcore Mexican or Japanese but the food was alright, no complaints. The food at Le Gourmet was exceptional, you cannot compare it to the others, every item on the menu was unquestionable great. The buffet overall was also very good, there's enough items that you can usually find something that you like. No complaints with the food period. The drinks at the lobby bar and restaurants will always be better than the drinks you get at the snack bar or pools. They were ok.Rooms- Our accomodations were very spacious, we lucked out and got the 3rd floor, no insects, no noise. We left a daily $3.00 tip for the maid we were never dissappointed with the service. The mini fridge does get restocked daily by the water boy, if you manage to catch him during the act and tip him as well, you'll never have problems with fridge either. Resort- The resort overall was very spacious and very well kept and clean. Staff was always around cleaning and serving guests. The weather was perfect, the ocean was a little colder than I expected, warmer in Mexico. There seemed to be always some thing to do in the resort because it was so big. Overall it did look like a 5 star resort.Service- Service overall was good, we got checked in on en route in the bus, didn't need to go to reception. There are plenty of staff around to help you with anything. Checking out was really easy and painfree. Knowing a few words in Spanish helps a lot, especially in the restaurants. The nightly entertainment at the theatre was very good, the local entertainers from the resort had it going on, try to catch the African show if possible. Unfortunately when the local group has the day off, they hire entertainers from Santa Domino to fill in and they for the most bit ---. There's usually 2 shows, one at 9pm (comedy involving the audience) - do not volunteer to go on stage unless you're prepared to be embaressed. The dancers then come on at 10pm for their nightly performance. No complaints with service.My advice in short form- Book reservations with the ala carte restaurants ASAP when you arrive, they will book up faster than you will believe. Tipping for your maid, restaurants  bars is not manditory, I did tip and it guaranteed me exceptional service from everyone. Bring $20 US cash for each person for departing airport tax, no exceptions here. Bring a lot of US currency in small donominations especially in $1.00 bills and some $5.00  $10.00 as they love the $US cash and will only provide Domincan Peso back to you. Small bills are easier for tipping anyway. If you want a spot at the beach or pool, you need to put a towel on your chairs pretty early in the morning like before 8 am because it's hard to get a spot until late afternoon. If you plan on shopping, go the market square at the front of the resort and check out all the shops, most the shops there will not haggle on pricing but their price is fair, if you decide to shop on the beach market (go to beach and walk right for about 30 minutes), you have to haggle like Hell with these guys. All their product on the beach is marked up and they expect you to bargain down, (offer usually 40% of asking price and compromise), do not let them know you have more cash than what you're asking for.(may the best haggler win, be careful with the fake products at beach market, you're in no man's land here). Having a spanish dictionary will help you as well. Do not get bothered by the European tourists there as some of them do have serious attitudes, it's their way I suppose. My final advice is that if you treat the workers there with respect and say Thank You a lot, it will get you better results than tipping, thats why they looooove Canadians, we're soooo polite.I hope I didn't bore you all to tears with this novel but as I found it, I was looking for faults and I couldn't find any that affected my time there. Was everything at the resort perfect, NO, but the trip perfect, I'd say so. If you go there with the expectation of having a good time and put in a little effort and flexibility, you will have a good time because you bring the good times with you.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>judyjudy
<Content>Nice resort - lacks continuity in services Stay March 19 - 26 - Flew to Punta Cana from Hamilton Ontario. Beats Pearson all to heck..great customs personnel and efficient too..5 stars*****Via WestJet - new plane - great service, staff and on time takeoff  early landing .. 5 stars*****Punta Cana airport - small, disorganized. Luggage from at least 8 flights rolled around intermixed on 4 different carousals - mayhem. Zero stars.Customs a breeze - they hardly checked ID. Outside customs- numerous tour operators shouting bus numbers - again mayhem....at least 80 buses  vans in the lot - people wandering aimlessly. We put our luggage on the bus we'd been told  then told our names weren't on their list - unloaded again - 20 minutes of searching later in the dark/humid air lingering of diesel - we found it - again no help. Zero stars......... 40 minutes later, we arrive at the Bahia - everyone dropped at Golden reception. We hadn't booked Golden - proceeded to the Punta Cana side to check in, where we were booked or so I thought. Again informed we were staying on the Bavaro side - no offering of assistance - found a porter  asked how to get to the Bavaro side. Five minutes later, trolleyed to our room. Now it's after midnight, open the frig for a cold drink of anything  nothing is in it. Porter says not til tomorrow  you can't drink the tap water.....so back on the trolley to find refreshment  food. We  others are told - no food - 24 all inclusive snacks /food???? Had to give our room number to get a drink - heated discussions ensued with the hotel staff. Eventually got drinks  very dried out, inedible sandwiches. Minus one star rating.............................Grounds and buildings - No expense has been spared to build this resort. The landscaping is young but plentiful - it should be quite something in the years ahead. The lobby area, bar areas, furnishings, etc are impeccable and first class. 5 star*****Room - #25112 Bavaro side - 4 from the beach..away from constuction.. enormous complex (over 1500 rooms) very large, marble tile and quality beds. Use a swipe card with magnetic strip to keep the electricity  air on. Safe - $35 US - but I did not feel comfortable with it  bought two $3 locks in the Principe shopping zone. Maintenance checked safe, said it worked fine although our neighbours card opened it. Killed a couple a large spiders around the tub and had a few mosquitos in our room. Jacuzzi tub is great but takes a while. Air in rooms always humid even with A/C on. Electricity went out around 6:30/7 p.m. or later every day for a few moments or minutes. Although we didn't book Golden, we had 2 lovely housecoats  two extra beach towels. Had 3 bath towels and sometimes 2 hand towels and maybe a washcloth. 3 1/2 stars ***Beach  pool - beautiful - 5 stars*****Beach chairs - at a premium - get them early or they are gone and don't leave them for a couple of hours or people take them. Frustrating! 3 stars ***Spa - wonderful - did a two hour package - shower, spa pool massage, salt scrub, chocolate body wrap, hydromassage (WOW) - mini hands on massage - $135 US - 5 stars plus*****Restaurants - main buffet - good variety, breakfast the best, dinners OK -3 stars*** - service inconsistent at all meal timesA la carte - Italian good -3 plus star***, French very good - 4 stars**** -Garden Grill - good 4 star**** - service in all 4 star****Beach/pool - typical food - not a lot of variety from day to day - 3 star*** service 3 star***Bars  bar service - lobby bar the best***** - pool/beach bar**** - beach service**** - disco/casino/theatre** Drink quality/taste varies depending on where you get it.Tours - Bavaro Runners - excellent $80 US - all day - hi to MiMi the guide - you can't beat this tour - 5 stars*****Kontiki - cancelled - at last minute due to Good Friday - got our money backGolf - Punta Cana golf course 5 stars plus******- $150/person US with clubs  cart - our tour agent no help on this, guest services no help - zero stars to them both - finally the concierge Lois made it happen in 3 minutes - 5 stars plus - this man is amazing and speaks English wellCasino - don't go there - poorly run - charge for drinks - terrible dealers flipping cards  pulling back - this is not part of hotel - no stars for this - slots confusingShopping - Bahia Principe zone - shop carefully - there are some good buys - as good as you'll get off the resort - lots of variety - paintings way overpriced - 4 stars****Bavaro Plaza $8 cab ride - too many barkers - a few good deals but not many- 2 stars**Beach vendors - again, shop carefully  barter - 2 stars **Mosquitos - yes they are there - we got a few bites and many others especially near the construction area did as well.Weather - fantastic - rain once overnight - hot humid and always a breeze off the ocean - 5 stars plus*****Return flight 10:20 pm from the once again mayhem Punta Cana airport - at least 1000 people trying to get through 3 different check points - ticket counter, Dominican Visa card personnel and then customs - this was the airport from Hell and we've been through most - too small and totally unorganized for the number of resorts now dotting the coast. All in all, a great vacation but would not return to this resort - we prefer smaller resorts where you meet people more than once and make new acquaintances. The overall service is inconsistent in most areas - they could not provide English translation on a number of there handouts given to us at check in. 80% of guests are European. A lot of families with small children  babies were at the 3 a la cartes we ate at (9 pm reservations) with at least 1 over tired crying - earlier reservation times should be alloted for families with children (not fair to anyone - especially the child). This is a family type resort - the most children we've ever seen at a resort but there is an adult zone farthest from the beach. We speak some spanish but not enough to get by at this resort - and they do try and there are some who can speak fairly well but overall 95% can't which limits interaction etc. Email me if you require an other info.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Shannon21
<Content>Great resort,horrible tour operator (Sunwing) We went to the resort during March break and it lived up to its billing in all ways.- Beach was excellent and you could happily walk for miles;yes you have to get up a bit early to claim the chairs you want,but who cares.-The rooms were a good size and accomodated the three of us very well;we might have preferred the second or third floor but the main floor was just fine;rooms were kept extremely clean and we did leave little gifts each day (small toilettries,lotions etc) and therefore had no problem with mini-bar,loads of towels including beach towels.-The buffet food was good but not 5 star and did get boring however fresh pasta was always available if nothing else excited you:the a la cartes were extremely good including (in order) the Italian,French and Japanese.-The resort is huge and we stayed in premier,which was the one furthest away from the beach; it was 14 + in age; great location if you want quiet but if you want more of the party times,stay closer to the beach;getting to the beach quickly was no problem as the white shuttle shoots straight down the side of the resort to the beach.NOW for the PAIN of the trip - SUNWING.Do not,not ever book with them.Their service is non existant and their representatives totally uncaring and unhelpful.Our original flight was to leave Toronto at 6 a.m.,then they changed carrier and it became 2:30 p.m.,then it was booked to leave at 6:45 p.m.,and then actually left at 8:30 pm.Our original carrier was Sky Service and then became Zoom.It was never Jetsgo.We did not recieve a clear explanation for all these changes but were told at the airport by Sunwing,not to worry they would take care of us (sic).For example we asked if our rooms would be extended the final day since our new flight time for departure would be 1:30 a.m.No problem they said !Well,when we met Amanda the Sunwing representative the next day after arrival,she said that they had made no arrangements and we would have to check out the normal time i.e.check out at 12 noon even though the bus to the airport would be leaving the resort at 10:45 p.m.So,after losing the first day of our trip,we had no hotel room the last day from noon to 11:00 p.m. when the bus left.Sunwing stated that they did not legally have to do anything for us and they didn't.Both the supervisor of Amanda and Amanda had absolutely no interest in helping us.The hotel tried to help and there was a spare room that they allowed you to shower and change in.Unfortunatley they had allocated only about 15 minutes for each family to shower and change which is ridiculous.Bottom line - great resort,fabulous beach and do not ever book with Sunwing.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>0901
<Content>WOW.......BEAUTIFUL RESORT Just got back from beautiful Punta Cana. This resort is HUGE!!!! Arrived late in the evening. What a bus ride in......scary but thrilling! We were checked in really quickly and then taken to our room. Rooms are spacious, well stocked and exceptionally clean. Would recommed off the first floor, due to mosquitos. Arriving at night, the resort seemed to be a bit intimating, but in the daylight hours, found it very easy to get to know. The food was excellent, great selection at all the buffet. The staff are above and beyond. They work long hours, and alway's have a smile and a song within them. The grounds are so clean, constantly cleaning and grooming. The beach was out of this world........white talcum like sand, one hundred shades of blue water, and very warm. The waves were alot of fun to play in. Again, the beach was clean clean clean!!!! Chairs are hard to find on the beach, so put your towel down eary.....at least by 8:30. The pool was a blast, thanks to Jean C and Marabel. The pool was very warm, the drinks excellent, and again the staff......amazing! The days's are hot, humid, we didn't have any rain during our stay. Would I go back to the Bahia Principe? Tomorrow if I could! Can't wait for next year!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>expectations exceeded Just got back today from a week at the Bahia Principe- it was the perfect vacation. The place, the weather, the rooms, the food, the beaches, the employees the pools all just first class. We were nervous about going after reading previsous reviews- I just have no idea where those people were coming from. The ala cartes- the Japanese was our favorite, the buffets were great with a different theme every night. What a variety! The beach- breathtaking is an understatement. The room- cleaned well every day- the maid was great- Ismael and Neat at the pool bars- always will bring back fond memories- talked to so many people from other countries during the week and we are all inagreemnet that the Bahia is a 5 star. By the way the weather- never saw clouds for the 7 day stay and temperatures in the 80's every day. When we landed in Cleveland on the 26th it was 39 degrees- take me back!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We Absolutely Loved the Resort, the People, the Country :-)       The Beach  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sherryl
<Content>Bahia Principe, wonderful food, people and tours!!       Main Reception Area  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hugh!!!!!!!! Returned from Bahia on 3-14-05, We arrived later in the evening and check-in time was fast and they brought us to our room immediatly. We were inpressed with the big spacious room, and the decor. We had read previous reveiws before we went so we knew about the remotes, and the safe, and we made sure to read the brochures that were provided for Rules and regulation. However, we had paid for two exscursions though our travel agent (transglobal) the Kontiki, and the Sonoma Island. We were scheduled to go one the Kontiki for the first day. We were supposed to met the tour in the lobby at 12:45pm we got there at 12:30 and waited for one hour . We were very upset that we had just wasted one hour of our trip..... When we went back to VIP tours (socerates) he was out of the office until 4pm. little dissapointed that he wasn't available. The gentelmen that was available told us to wait for 10 more mins. We waited for 15 more mins. When we went back at 4pm, VIP called the people that were suppose to pick us up and they said that they were there and had picked up 4 people. OK anyways, we decide that we didn't want to reschedule that tour and want to change to another one. VIP tours didn't like that we had Pre-Paid for 2 of our exscertions, and they explained that we would have to pay more money for changing our exscertions. Against our better judgments on paying more, we did and just wanted to get on with our vacation and hope that the rest of the week would go better. The rest of the week did go better.. we went on a Bus trip to Santa Domingo, 14 hour day:( . TOO LONG... missed our dinner Reservations that night. However, sightseeing was good. The next day we went to Marina, to swim with the sharks, and stingrays. This was a great day. 7 hours. make sure you have plenty of underwater cameras with. Day 3 we went to Sonoma Island, 8 hour day. beautiful water and the best food we ate during the whole trip. a must Underwater cameras, the tour guides brought bread and we got pictures of the fish eatting out of our hands, AWESOME time......our tour guide Angel was the best and told us alot about DR culture and more.. he did a great job at making everyone day the best.The Resort was HUGE!!!! took advantage of the tollyies....Didn't really care for the food at the bars by the beach. We took Gift bags full of little gifts for the Maid, and she did make a big swan out of the towels, very pleased with her service. We didn't have any problems with theft, didn't take advantage of the safe either. I think the patio door got left open for a little bit on the last night we did have alot of mesquites in our room. otherwise no problems.Had fun shopping with the Natives, walked down both sides of the beach, great shopping on both sides. Don't know much Spanish but, did OK. Beach was great.. no Jelly fish to worry about. Heared about the Europeans and Yes, something different toget used too.... some do need to wear suits but, hats off to them for not being ashamed of their bodies, i guess...All and ALL a good time.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Baihia principe resort My friend and i just returned from Punta Cana last week. We stayed at Baihia Princiape all inclusive resort. The hotel was amazing. It had everything we needed. The hotel itself was beautiful. The staff didnt speak much english but they really tried hard to make you happy. They were always smiling and singing it was great. The pools were beautiful and the beach was amazing. The food at the buffett wasnt that great but they really put alot of effort into it. Overall it was a great vacation.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>romantic and pretty decent My husband and I spent our honeymoon at the Bahia Prinicipe in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. The room was roomy, with a nice in-room whirlpool tub, king bed, in room refrigerator that was stocked daily with whatever we selected (bottled water, juice, and soda were our choices, but we could have also requested beer). The staff was friendly. We enjoyed a couples massage (an extra charge)--which must have been european style rather than what we were accustomed to in the states, but still nice. We were overall pleased with our stay (it was our honeymoon--what more could you say?!) but there were a couple of areas to note...we were somewhat disappointed with the food selection--first, we were only entitled to 2 sit-down meals for the duration of the stay. Finally, the buffets were....buffets. Nothing awful, but nothing so great either. It didn't matter if we went to a themed restaurant...the buffets were the same. If we overslept, there wasn't an alternate location to get breakfast, so we would have to wait until lunch. The resort boasted an outdoor cafe/buffet (food always consisted of dried out/discolored lunchmeat and warm cheeses, cold fries, pizza, burgers and hotdogs--no thanks). The all-inclusive tropical drinks were good--but must have been watered down quite a bit. The pool was nice, the beach as well, although much too wavy for activities such as snorkeling. Since it was our honeymoon, we were told there would be complementary amenities: a bottle of rum, fresh fruit basket and fresh flowers...we had to request these several times, and when we finally received them, the fruit was unappealing/bruised, and the rum was a small bottle--perhaps 16oz. We never did receive any flowers. The room had a musty smell to it...we almost requested a different room, but figured all rooms smelled the same. We kept the window open, which helped. Our fridge was cool--never cold. All in all, it was a good stay-i'm definitely not complaining. Will we go back? No. Would we recommend it? That's a toss up: Bahia Principe was a bit pricy for the ammenities, and if you are expecting gourmet, or at least above-average cooking...think again. The climate/area lent itself to relaxation and romance. We enjoyed ourselves.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pattid
<Content>Would recommend this place Just got back from the DR, midnight last night! Have to say that I read ALL the reviews on this site and didnt know what to think. The common areas in this hotel are stunningly beautiful! I was amazed at the level of opulence here. This is one of the cleanest places I have ever been, inside or outside. There are staff everywhere constantly cleaning, gardening and maintaining the facility. I found the staff the one thing that made this place special. They were constantly smiling, singing and laughing with the guests or the other staff members. In regards to the language barrier, they speak Spanish and I speak English so there were times when someone didnt understand something but there are so many people there that do speak either language this was never an issue. The accomodations are excellent and well kept. We went club Golden and were in Bldg 6 on the first floor. The housekeeping staff were excellent. Our room was cleaned daily and if they didnt have the towels changed in the Am they were there in the evening with clean ones. For a resort this large I was surprised at how few serious issues cropped up. There were over 3000 guests that week and the worst thing that happened was the water supplier didnt get them the small bottles of water until very late at night but we filled up the bottles at the bar. The poor bartender was trying to fill small 500ml bottles from a 20 lt water cooler jug.Saw one spider but I have bigger ones at home under my deck so no big deal. No mosquito issues at all. The food was good. We ate at 3 a la carte restaraunt and loved all 3. the only complaint I would have about the dining experience would be about the other guests who seemed to have lost all their manners and reason in regards to how to interact with others at a buffet. honestly I have never experienced such an incredible display of bad manners.The pools looked great but we spent all our time on the beach where the wind kept it cooler. You have to go down early unfortunately to get a Palapas so you have to play the beach towel game whether you want to or not. the water was great and not to wavy to swim. The wreck acts as a break water.All in all this place is surreal, you see only one side of the DR and with little to do outside the resort you do not get a chance to see the real DR, and that is a shame. Beautiful and would like to go back in a few years to see what it has grown into.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Still Had a Wonderful Time, Despite Some Physical Set Backs My husband and I just returned from our first visit to this property which was also our first visit to the Dominican Republic. We arrived on 3/12. Our drive from the airport of about 30 minutes went thru a very depressed area and poor road conditions. We came to the main entrance of the Bahia Principe and once the gate lifted we were transported to a tropical paradise. We were feeling tired but quickly taken to the hotels desk and were told our room was not ready but the staff quickly found us another room. We were placed on a small tram and driven to our Villa #10 in room 206. Our room was on the second floor. It was lovely, very clean and comfortable. After we rested, we check out our TV and noticed it was not working properly. I called houskeeping and they immediately sent over someone to fix the minor problem. On our first night we ate at the Buffet.I must say here, that having read some other comments before our trip about the food we were alittle concerned not knowing what we would find We soon found out that those concerns were not necessary. It was a wonderfull buffet with many, many options. For those persons who said they couldn't find anything to eat, we can't imagine what they eat at home because the buffet offered so many excellent choices. I am not the most adventurous eater, and I found many stations and dishes that were great.We saw the show that night and each night after. My only comment regarding the entertainment is that the same group of talented dancers put on a different show each night. My only suggestion would be that it might be nice if entertainers from the different resorts traveled from resort to resort each night giving us new people to enjoy. They were very good and hard working young people.On Sat. morning we met in the lobby with Jesus the representive from Turinter Tours who went over a description and map of the resort and what was/was not covered in our package. Except for things like Parasailing orOff site tours basically everything was covered.We made our reservations for the resturants we wished to dine at during the week on that morning as suggested. We were there to basically rest and relax so our day was spent by the pool.All went well until Tues. night I fell and needed to see a doctor. After getting me into wheel chair I was taken to the onsite clinic. There was a women who did not identify herself but started to look at my leg. I finally asked her are you a nurse, and she said no I am a doctor. Anyway it was decided that I needed to go to the hospital for any x-ray. A cab (van) was called and Samuel from guest services came with us. Remember those bad roads? Well every lump and bump in the road was felf by my ankle. It was about 40min to the hospital.There were 3 other tourists there. I spoke to one who told us this was especially built for tourists. After about 45 minutes I was X-rayed and taken to a waiting room. Eventually a man came in a started to look at my leg. Again, no intoduction. I asked in spanish if he were a doctor and he said Si. Thank goodness for Samuel, we had been assured that they spoke English at the hospital but they did not. It was decided I had pulled the ligments in my ankle and that I needed to stay off my leg for 7 days. I tried to ask for an air cast but he didn't know what I meant. So I now had a good old fastioned cast on my leg. So we called the cab over from the parking lot to go back to the hotel and he had a flat tire. Thank goodness there was another taxi there. Did I mention the roads?? When we finally arrived at the hotelthey sent for a wheel chair from the clinic. My husband was hungry so they opened the Japanese restaurant for the two of us. Very good, but boy was I tired. So now we had to get another room on the first floor. So we finally found one in building 14. Nick (my husband) and Samuel left me there and they went back to the other room to pack everything. Eventuallywe go settled in. On wed. morning we saw Jesus and we decided to stay make the best out of the situation. Jesus said he would make arrangements for getting to the airport and different seats on the plane home on friday. The rest of the holiday basically went well, the people working at the hotel were very helpful and kind. I would definitely say they tried to help us every way possible!Our only other problem came at the airport. We were met at the airport by someone from US Airway. He said he would try to help us get thru customs etc. Unfortunately the plane was booked and there was no room for a seat change. We asked if we could be seated in 1st class and would pay the difference. We were told unless we belonged to their frequent flyer club, it couldn't be done. We tried to argue  Fine let us sign up, but he said no he couldn't do it there. I tried to explain that I was told to keep my foot elevated and I couldn't keep it down for the 4hr flight home.He must have asked me 5 times can I climb the stairs to the plane and I said No. We were told Ok I will take care of everything.Well, when boarding time came I was wheeled out to the plane and told to go ahead and climb. After trying to tell 3 other people that I couldn't I was told Ok we will get a stretcher. Eventually another type of wheel chiar was brought out which I was strapped into and then carried up and into the plane by 4 men. Considering my Lucy life, our trip was wonderful. We loved the hotel and its people. And highly recommend it!!!PS : Do make sure to bring your own medicines and snacks. Candy bars are about $2.50 US ea. Pills like Pepto Bismo, laxatives are sold per pillabout $2.00 each. Bring you own. We drank and ate everything at the hotel and had no problems.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>take your imodium!       pool  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dangergirl07
<Content>Fantastic time at the Bahia.       Immaculate grounds  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very pleasent surprize ! You see , we had booked at the Riu Taino but with the sickness there our agent advised a change at the last minute. WE HAD A BLAST ! I'll start with the food, very good, tasty  plentiful, the desserts are excellent. Rooms were very clean, Lots of hot water, good pressure. There were a few moskitoes in the room at nite but they must of been on vacation, they didn't attack us at all, not like their northern cousins would have ! We didn't take the meds , all is fine. The beach was worth every cent of the trip, I can't wait to go back. This was our first visit to punta cana, stayed in puerto plata twice before, we prefure PC. This resort has been the best we have been to in the DR. Moon palace near cancune mexico was just a little better ( for a lot more money ) All in all , a great place to stay, anyone that complains about this one, needs a good shake.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jenny_Thompson
<Content>Every aspect was fantastic       The Main Pool  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just back from the Bahia Principe Just back from the Bahia Principe...We traveled with a total of 8 people for three nights and four days. The resort is huge and will be beautiful in years to come. The pools are very nice and clean as well as the rooms. The staff are friendly and try very hard. The entertainment that we witnessed was horrible and there was not much of a night life. The food was okay. The Japenese Steak house was very good. However we were not able to make any other restrauant reservations because they were already booked. We tried to make reservations the first day that we arrived. A few of our guests were bitten by Mosquitos at different times but overall bugs were not a problem. Only one guest became ill after our return. (Stay away from the tap water and undercooked meat) We also stayed away from uncooked fruits and vegtables. If you want alcohol in your frozen drinks be sure to request this. We did encounter a difficult time when we tried to enter the Buffet Restraunts with damp swimming suites. We were denied entrance. The resort has a mirrior image and you are not allowed ammenties on both sides so be sure to know what side of the resort you are staying this is told by your color wrist band. The beach was beauitful and we enjoyed our stay but would not return to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pick another vacation spot. I wanted to forget this trip, but after receiving my phone bill today, the whole miserable experience just resurfaced! Do Not Use the phone! I made one phone call for 5 minutes and was charged $41.10. I called home 5 times totalling approx. 45 minutes and my bill was $348! Now I realize it is expensive to phone from outside the US but, come on. Apparently, Bahia Principe is only serviced by satellite. That is it. Take it or leave it. I would have left it had I known that the charge per minute was going to be that much. There was nothing in the room, or any brochures stating any phone rates.We went the weekend of Feb.17th. I was terribly disappointed by just about everything and can relate to just about every complaint that others have had.Our room wasn't ready when we got there. We had to wait an hour, and it was 1 hour and a half after check in time. We missed dinner reservations because you have to have a room number and a bracelet. We tried to book for the following two nights and the restaurants were full. They said to eat at the buffet. I didn't pay all of that money to eat buffet. My joke is that we paid $1,600 to wait on ourselves and eat cold food.The last thing I experienced in the buffet restaurant was that the waiter refilled my water glass with a giant wad of paper and didn't even notice! I asked for iced tea, they had to check to see if they had any? I couldn't get orange juice. So we drank water, just not that one.After reading about the thefts, I truly believe that I now know where one of my husband's shirts went and his sunglasses too. We haven't been able to find them since we got back. We too had to call 3 times for towels, and on the last call was asked What do you want? That was nice.They do not clean the rooms. they do not change the sheets. They make the bed. I had the same water in my ice bucket on the last day that I had when I put ice in it on the first day. (four days later). I had black mold in the shower. The glass on the dresser was broken and had a wicked sharp edge to it. We never received a remote for the TV. We had to trek up to the lobby to get one. They treat those remotes like gold. The guy actually didn't believe that it wasn't there. We went through the safe thing also. I have never been in a place where they charge you for a safe, that you cannot program.All in all, it was terrible. I will not go back. I was seriously disappointed with the whole trip. I had heard such great things about the D.R.. We figured that the resort would be nice because it was new. I don't understand the 5 star rating. Compared to what? If that is 5 star, I would hate to see what a 3 or 4 star is!I have been to the Caribbean numerous times, I know what to expect. I guess I will keep cruising instead!Jennifer in Fort Lauderdale.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>pinto_0923
<Content>loved the bahia principe punta cana               More photos  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Anniversary ruined We chose the punta cana bahia pricipe resort......along with our travel agent ...to mark a very special event..OUR 40th wedding anniversary!! We have been to many wonderful resorts over our 40 years together.....and I have to say.......this is the worst..........I was so disappointed, I cried on the way back home to atlanta georgia. I think the main problem..was the lack of communication...barely anyone spoke any english.......and the few that did.......were not very helpful. As far as the accommodations..go..they were....ok.......not 5 star but ok, the resort itself is beautifully built......exceptional decor,very well kept, but the food......was horrible,they have several restaurants to chose from,if you get your reservations in, early.....but we only found one that was really quite good , and thank goodness we went to it , on the night of our actual anniversary(feb.27)....the japanese restaurant was a joke..and the seafood restaurant, actually brought my dinner and said....sea bass? and I said ..no grouper..and they handed me the dish..........I said is this grouper? ...they called someone over , they both looked at the fish and then left..............I sat there, with a piece of mystery fish....!!!!Obviously, we will NEVER RETURN......................  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>katza
<Content>The excellent and the ugly We just returned yesterday. Beautiful resort which will be amazing in 5 years' time once the gardens have grown in ( which they continue to add to).Found Tripadvisor site very useful in knowing when and which a la cartes to book, pool set up, mini-disco (at 8.20pm by either the theatre or main disco). Children loved it (5 and 6). No-one seems to know about this disco unless their children go to the Mini-club or they watch these reviews.A la Cartes, in the order I'd put them in:1. French2.Japanese3. We'd, in hindsight, have gone to the Grill/Steak at the middle pool, instead of the MexicanBooking them was a breeze. Guest services opens 8a.m and at 8.50 I walked in and was out in less than 5 mins after making our reservations.Lunchtime tips:We were allowed into the Italian, middle pool, which we'd heard was only available to Gold Club. They were so under-used they welcomed us.Also, the Fish restaurant at the beach pool, end of the 'bus run', was a better place to have lunch, than the greasier, fast food stuff that they tended to serve at the beach bars. Quiet music playing, friendly, polite staff throughout except for the Reception area.Lobbies, Beach and pools - absolutely fantasticNegatives:Dropped us off/ waited for us at wrong side of resort on return at wrong side of resort (who did not liaise here, Conquest or hotel?)Awful 'view' over proposed building site. Bavaro side of the resort, building 37, one side overlooks this site, otherwise you'd be OK on the flip side to our room , 37107.We were told that 2 beds were hard to come by, so we gave up, after me being in tears and wasting a morning trying to change it. At least it was a peaceful spot but I really feel sorry for those in the future who end up overlooking the actual construction of the accommodation. They are just putting in a road at the moment. Bath plug didn't drain, we had to hold to open with a razor.Not supplied with coffee maker or soap, but delivered when we requested them.In summary:A great place and at the right price I would go back, alth' there are so many other places to visit. NO one was sick , nor did we come across anyone that was.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Koz
<Content>Loved the place! Weather perfect, hotel is just fabulous, just the Lobby must be 1-2 acres in size! Stayed in the middle of the resort, ( Villa 14), probably one of the better locations, although anywhere you stay in this place would be ok. (But better you get off the lower level of rooms...the doors to the rooms don't seal very snuggly...some crawly creepers are likely to make there way into the room if you don't put a towel across the bottom of the door!!!!) We did smush a spider and a 1000 legger. We also smacked a couple of mosquitos during our week long stay! We did go to the doctor before we left home and got the shots and pills, but personaly I don't think it was necessary. I guess better safe than sorry. The help is great. The food, well what can I say, for the most part, it's very good, but sometimes it's hit + miss with quality, hot, variety, your just not gunna please everbody all the time!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed Feelings       Beach  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>3	2	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Cosmocon
<Content>Punta Can I go home now? Okay, I read some of the reviews here before our 1 week visitand, though a few were bad, most of them were good so we decided to go with it. Yeah, BIG mistake!Initially, we were actually fairly impressed. The buildings andgrounds are quite nice in appearance. Also, the beach and ocean are very beautiful. I even thought the selection of food and its tastewere better than I expected. That鈥檚 about enough for the compliments. Here are some of the majorreasons we will not be returning.A) It IS true that you are charged $5 /day for a room safe that the resort knows the combo for and, based on the number of random employees whobarged into our room, it was wise of us not to pony up for that!B) Here鈥檚 a message for the upper management. Instill in the employeesof your resort that providing quality customer service might be worthsome consideration. Here are just a few things that I believe do NOTenhance good customer service鈥?br/>- sending an employee with a hammer at 8:00am 3 straight mornings  to pound on the ceramic stairs right outside the guest rooms even after  at least one guest has requested that this be discontinued- guestroom doors that make a thunderous boom each time a guest  enters or leaves the room and rooms that carry every sound from the room above because ownership cut corners on providing adequate sound proofing between floors- replenishing only a portion of room supplies each day (towels, soaps, minibar, etc.) if any at all and then giving an attitude when such supplies are specifically requested.- having a generally bad attitude when approached by guests  who have any requests or questions. i.e. blatantly rolling eyes, shaking head, mumbling Spanish comments under their breath. Overall, we clearly felt that we were treated like an irritant to the  employees, who certainly did not seem to be concerned if we ever  come back (which we will not).C) THAT鈥橲 entertainment?D) As I write this review from the QUIET and FRIENDLY confinesof my Cincinnati bedroom, I am contemplating scheduling an appointmentto see my physician about the horrific, painful diarrhea I received as a bonus! I fear I may have contracted Shigella. Fully cooking food is aGOOD thing and you should wash your ---- hands!I hate to condemn Punta Cana in general for the experience I had butbased on the reviews of other resorts, I doubt the other places are any better. I give this 2 stars because it is POSSIBLE you could enjoy your stayif you get a top floor room, don鈥檛 get sick, have low/no entertainmentexpectations, and for some fluke reason get a room maid who caresabout replenishing supplies. Knowing Spanish wouldn鈥檛 hurt either.Believe the negative reviews you have seen!If for no other reason than running the risk of contracting Shigella, which isserious and can cause permanent tissue damage, don鈥檛 risk it. Honestly, I saw very few mosquitoes so malaria was less of a concern to me but if youthink I鈥檓 messing with ya, check this out. Such non-responsiveness is typical.-----------------------------DO NOT RISK YOUR HEALTH! STAY AWAY FROM P.C. !!!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! Staff was helpful and courteousRooms: Very clean and comfortable. The bathrooms are especially nice. Everything worked.Food: The food was good to great. My favorites were the Japanese restaurant for dinner and the Italian restaurant for lunch. I was not crazy about the coffee nor the wine, but after a few days, they grow on you (particularly the wine). Beach: The beach is beautiful and very clean. Staff picked up any trash that was left behind. Always loungers available even though we went during the busiest week. Entertainement: Shows were OK in the theatre. We preferred the ones in the Pueblo and the discoteque. The landscpaping is still young but well maintained. The lobby and main buffet restaurant are quite stunning. The spa is very nice although but we found the gym a little crowded.Overall we loved it, had a wonderful time and would go back in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous beach - beautiful resort Just back from a week at Bahia Principe Bavaro (1st wk March). What a beautiful resort! Don鈥檛 hesitate 鈥?GO! The whole place was spotless and the ratio of staff to guest was the highest we've experienced. Unfortunately, because of the hurricane, they had to replant all the vegetation so it鈥檚 a bit immature 鈥?I want to go back in a couple of years once it鈥檚 all re-established. They are constantly planting.The way the two resorts are built, they are long and narrow (mirror images of each other). There is a main road that runs down the centre of the resort from top to bottom and trains that run constantly from 5am - 3am. At the front of the complex is the Pueblo Principe, a shopping area designed like a Spanish village around a courtyard with a central fountain. This is where the casino is. The spa and mini golf are out by the main entrance.WEATHER: Hot and sunny but windy most days so it was very bearable.BUGS: We only saw 1 mosquito all week so bugs are definitely not an issue. ROOMS: Lots of 3 storey buildings (some of the Club Golden bldgs are 2 storey). We did get our room moved the first day because when we got there (at midnight) we were at the back of the building facing a wasteland that has been bulldozed, probably waiting to build another resort. We were moved the next morning to the front of the building facing the pools. If you鈥檙e staying in Club Hacienda section (Sunquest), I would recommend building #32 or #33 facing the pools (we were in #33). Gets the sun most of the day.BEACH: fabulous! I'm sure you could walk 2 hours in each direction and not run out of powdery sand beach. There is a local tourist market about 1/2 hr walk down the beach which was quite large 鈥?double row of booths. The water was clear and turquoise with no rock/stone - a coral reef about 300m off the beach of the Bahai. Some seaweed at times but it was cleaned up constantly and was actually more like coral plants than slimy seaweed. Lots of palapas and chairs but if you want a palapa you need to get to the beach fairly early.WATERSPORTS: Good fleet of Hobies, kayaks, sailboards. We never got up the energy to use the equipment but it was in constant use. There is also a group offering parasailing and some other water sports. You can get a water taxi out to the reef to go snorkeling 鈥?I heard it cost about US$20. There are also regular scuba trips.BEACH WASHROOMS: Beach washrooms are all marble and are cleaned constantly. BEACH RESTAURANTS/BARS: 1 lunch buffet, 3 snack bars + 6 bars (1 a swim-up at the pool) right at the beach so there is absolutely no need to return to your room during the day and there were no long waits at the bars or snack bars. There are even wait staff walking the beach and taking your orders. STAFF/TIPPING: All the staff were extremely friendly and seemed to enjoy their jobs and the people they worked with. We did see some tipping during the week but very little and the staff certainly did not expect it. RESTAURANTS: A la carte restaurants were good - especially the Garden Grill. Everyone wondered what the steak would be like since they do tend to overcook their meat but it was extremely good. The only negative about the restaurants (and this is personal) was that the main buffets and the a la cartes are all indoors. We also found the food at a la cartes to be highly salted. All-in-all we thoroughly enjoyed the buffet - especially the coffee prepared at the table by Jorge!!! Took the hair off your chest! We ate breakfast at the Italian Restaurant each day because it was right beside our building. There was plenty of choice and they made wonderful omelettes. Again, the staff were so friendly and seemed to enjoy what they did and the people they worked with. We got to know Eloine - she is attending university and working at the resort.ENTERTAINMENT: No so great. They tried hard and maybe it was the fault of the guests. Also, because we didn鈥檛 particularly enjoy the show which started at 9pm, we didn鈥檛 realize until the last night that there was another show which started at 10pm. There is also entertainment after 10pm at the Pueblo Principe.FAMILIES: Lots of families with young children and there are several shallow pool areas for the children. Also looked like a pretty good children鈥檚 program 鈥?they have their own building.The only down side at all is the fact that there is no such thing as an ocean view room at all in either hotel (Punta Cana or Bavaro) which was a little disappointing for us because we're not night people and we love to sit out on our balcony just before going to bed and listen to the ocean. The Punta Cana side has the Club Golden which are the buildings closest to the beach.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go somewhere else!!!! I read all the reviews before I went and thought all the bad ones were from people who are never happy I was wrong they were oh sooooooooooooooo right. bad food. bad service. bad drinks. lots of problems,I travel 3 weeks or more every year I've been everywhere and the DR is the absolute worst.10 years away from being a real vacation hot spot,but if you like being a cow mixed in the herd this is your place.Cold hot tube?Food that makes you feel sick[even the smell after a few days]?I will not even waste my time writing to much, this may even be one of the nicest resorts in the area and it still was horrible.Read all the bad reviews there right on the money,they need to start improving now or the tourist will stop coming.Going to cancun in april for the 15th time,never had a bad time nuff said.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2005
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to relax We just got back from our 7 night stay March 4. Check in and out was fast. The room was nice and came with a King bed. Maid service was good. Mini bar was filled everyday (2 cans of beer and (6) 20oz bottles of soda). I did leave a tip of $2.00 per day for our maid. The grounds,beach,pools and poeple were very good. The weather was great with plenty of lounge chairs by the pools and beach. Shade huts were everywhere. I found many of the hotel staff spoke and understood english.The specialty resturants were good,but the main buffet was just fair. The pool buffets were average at best. Breakfast is the best meal of the day. The drinks were good. They would make whatever you wanted and they had plenty of people coming around to serve you.I think that you need to keep in mind that all of the food at any of the resorts are about the same. After all you are on vacation so to us the food is not the most important thing.There are plenty of things to do around the pool and beach area. In the evening there are shows that are avearge and other entertainment that goes on until late in the evening.I would recomend this resort to anyone! Very Nice!This is my 3rd visit to DR, all at Punta Cana. Stay with 5 apple or better if you can.Any questions my e-mail address is kinger@milwpc.com  
<Date>Mar 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, great vacation       Beach  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top Notch at the Bahia - Well deserved 5 Star Resort! We just returned on March 5th from a week鈥檚 vacation at the Bahia Principe. We have been to the Dominican 3 times (including Punta Cana twice), as well as other tropical destinations so we feel we have a good frame of reference to provide. We stayed at the Catalonia Bavaro 2 years ago at the other end of Punta Cana beach and while it is a nice 4-star resort, the Bahia is definitely a cut above.CHECK-IN: We stayed in the GOLDEN CLUB section of the hotel and would recommend this to anyone who wants to be near the beach (in Canada we booked with Air Transat to get the golden club). Check in was the smoothest ever, within 5 minutes of stepping off the bus we were in our room.ROOM: This resort is 8 months old so everything is new and clean and our room did not disappoint. King size bed, whirlpool bathtub, lots of marble and you received a basket full of travel amenities.POOL: Beautiful large pools including whirlpools, swim-up bars and a children鈥檚 pool area as well. BEACH: Picturesque white sand beach you can walk for miles in each direction. There is always staff cleaning the beach throughout the day and occasionally you can get drinks served right to your lounge chair. Plenty of chairs and huts for shade. The ocean is clear, with little to no seaweed and soft sand underfoot. The water has gently rolling waves, no big undertow, fun for frolicking. We were on the beach everyday and there are no people bothering you to buy stuff. FOOD: There are lots of buffet and a la carte restaurants with a wide variety, even the snack bars by the beach have tons of choices, not just hamburgs and hotdogs. The breakfasts are mediocre but the lunch and dinner buffets more than make up for it. ENTERTAINMENT: Is extremely well done. Two separate theater areas providing live shows and 2 large lobby bars with a keyboardist in each playing different music and in one of the lobby鈥檚 people would dance. SERVICE: No complaints here. The staff was very attentive and friendly. SUMMARY: The Bahia is 陆 hour from the airport. This is a large resort but it never felt crowded. You can walk anywhere you want but there are trolleys running constantly to take you from your villa to anywhere in the complex you would like to go should you choose. In our mind this is a true 5-star Dominican resort and we would not hesitate in recommending it to anyone or returning to it again.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time! We had a great time! Got back yesterday, March 7th. The only thing we regret is we only had 5 days and not a week. The food wasn't the greatest, but it was good, something for everyone. The hotel was clean, the staff were very nice. I think we got better service because we tried to speak the language (neither of us speak Spanish).We would have appreciated a map immediately on arrive. We didn't realize how large the place was and had trouble finding things initially. ONE PROBLEM:The only problem we had was no one told us that you CAN NOT use travelers checks. No one, including the hotel would accept or cash them! They only would accept American Dollars  Pesos (preferably American Dollars).Fortunately our Apple representative was able to cash some for us.We would definitely go back.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>^LadyJay^
<Content>Just a little bit more of an insite on my Second home...  ...I love Bahia Principe can't wait to go again and one day stayYou will love Bahia Principe. Where ever you stay is breath taking. Its very very very clean and the staff are out of this world. You will have such a great time and will love every minute of it. Bring sunscreen, a good book, dress clothes for when you go to dinner but nothing to dressed up as if you were going to a wedding or something of that nature. Bathing suits a must cause you spend most of your time getting some sun. Bring sandles and shoes you are going to be comfortable in. I would also pack a sweatshirt or light jacket because it does get a little cold at night. Bring a pair of capri pants or something of that nature. Bring money to tip here and there. Go to the Dollar store and pick up a few things you can leave your maid cause you never know they might have children and they don't make alot of money to be able to provide their children with things we are. Trust me for them a little goes along way and they are sooo greatful for the small things you give them. It is hard for the woman to get things like make up, tooth brushes, tooth paste, feminine products, just things you can think of makes a whole lot of difference to them. The staff at the Bahia Principe always smile and say Hola and make you feel soo very welcome. The mini bar gets refilled very day and the room gets cleaned every day just put the sign on the door and they will get it cleaned. It might take a bit but trust me it will get done. The food is amazing. You have a choice of 3 a la carte resturants out of 7 they have. We did Japanise, Steak house, and Itlain. You have soo much food so I hope you bring your appetite. The main resturant have a whole selection of foods from chicken, fish, meat, and a whole lot of island made dishes. I recommand trying everything. It is something you will never forget.I would take in the shows that they have every night starting at 9 or 930 in the main lobby. They put in sooo much hard work and it shows with every show (and the guys are very hot). There are 3 different shows one that plays in the main thearter, and they have a live band in the main lobby bar at the same time as the main show. Then after the main show you go into the Pueblo Dominicano where the other show starts around 10:30 and they have a live house band one night and other different shows they do. The disco is awesome its open from 12am-2am and trust me its the perfect ending to a great night.I recommand walking the beach. We walked from one end of Punta Cana to the other. Where Bahia Principe is located is right in the middle and you can walk for miles and on the way stop in at the hotels that are on the beach. Trust me we stoped in at 2 of the hotels (I can't remember the names off hand) but it was really bad. There was food left on the tables and on the floor. There was hardly any room to move between the cots and the pool. You hardly saw anyone cleaning the grounds or anything like that. As soon as we walked back to the Bahia Principe and you saw how clean it was and all the staff they have cleaning and making sure everything looks outstanding you really stop and know you picked the right place to stay,I did fall in love with Bahia Principe and I'm planning on going back in Feb of 2006 and everytime after that. I do recommand that you take some of the day trips. There is one day trip where you go into the main village and you see how they live. Its on that trip you start to really take in how much these people love the little things in life. That is where if you see a little child and you give them something as small as a pen it brings a big smile to their face and its like you gave them the stars and the moon. I can go on and on and on and trust me if you give me the time of day I will go on and on :) I know you will love it as much as I have. It really doesn't matter where you stay in Bahia Principe because its all very very very beautiful. As soon as I got on the flight home I kept saying to myself I don't belong back in Canada I belong in the Dominican and I'm going to try my hardest to go back there. I fell in love with Bahia Principe they are my new family and are in my heart always. Also if you don't know spanish the staff try their hardest to try and help you out. There are also Spanish classes they have I think in the main lobby and they start at 10am everyday. You will find out more on the hotel when you have your orientation.This is a place that makes you feel soo welcome and its a feeling you don't feel in many places.I hope I have helped you out just a little bit. I do love Bahia Principe Punta Cana and I would recommand it to anyone. Please e-mail me back when you get home and tell me what you think. I have heard nothing but outstanding things for people and that makes me very happy  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow! What a wonderful week it was! Just returned Saturday 3-6 after a week at the Bahia Principe, Punta Cana side. This place is outstanding! There is an option to upgrade to Club Golden which is closer to the Beach which we did not elect! We were about a half mile from the beach but close to the nightlife in building #17.Beach-This is the best beach I have ever been to. With no high rise hotels in sight all that is left to view is the sand, water and palm trees, the natural beauty of the island! The water was clear but on days that the waves kicked up it also carried some sand, no big deal. Yes at times there was a stiff breeze but at least it made the tempature bearable. By the way, if topless women are a problem I suggest you go elsewhere! About 10% of the women were topless both on the beach and at the pool!Food-The food in the buffet was very good! If you want 5 star stay in the states and pay $400 a night and go to a Four Seasons hotel. We had Japanese and French which were very good, the Mexican wasn't one of our favorites. Since we didn't try the Seafood, Steakhouse or Italian I cannot comment. I tipped Fransico a $1 a day who made my egges to order and he took very good care of me! All I did was walk by and give hime a signal and when I came back with the rest of my plate filled my eggs were ready no matter how many people were in line! Drinks-Try whatever you want and if you don't like it put it down and order something different! If the drink isn't strong enough, ask for more booze in it and they will take care of you! The drinks of choice were, Coco Loco, Miami Vice, Dirty Monkey and of course Mama Wuanna, the domican Viagara! Tell Lareto and Guido at the main pool bar that I already miss them. By the way, I tipped them a dollar at the start and a dollar every other round and was well taken care of and they really appreciate it!Rooms-The rooms are very nice! If you point the shower head down and move up to the front of the tub you should have no water problems on the floor. With a half shower wall if you point it back and high any idiot would realize that they are going to have a problem with water on the floor! Bring an old credit card or something of that size to keep the power on in your room. If you don't do that your mini bar is off and the room will be warm when you enter.Mini Bar- I left a dollar in the mini bar every day and told him what I wanted and how many! I had exactly what I wanted every day without issue. It doesn't get very cold, maybe mine wasn't working properly? Nightlife- The little village up front has shops, a bar, a disco (opens at 12) and a casino. We went to the disco one night and had a great time. Sine we like to gamble we went to the casino every night after dinner for about two hours and had fun playing the nickle machines. There is also a snack bar that serves some snack foods till 7AM if your hungry but we never tried it since we ate to much at dinner.Bugs-Try to get a room on the second or third floor because bugs will walk into rooms on the first floor. We met another couple who said they also had mosquito's on the first floor, we had no problems on the third floor. You may also encounter some mosquito's when the sun goes down but we only noticed that one noght while sitting outside by the lobby bar!Check In/Out-No problems! Our room was ready at 3 as promised. We got there around 11:30 so we drank, ate and went to the beach. I tipped my maid $3 per day which was $1 and two gifts from the dollar store! It made me feel good and my room was always clean when I came back from the beach! I thought all the workers were friendly and always had a smile for you!This will be a return trip for my wife and I in the very near future!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience for Dominican I have just returned from the Club Golden Wing of the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana. I am extremely welled travelled and able to give an accurate comparision to alternate resorts. I would strongly say that this property rates a 4 to 4 star rating for this destination. The resort is beautiful and super clean and well maintained at all times. The Club Golden rooms are super close to the beach and have extra ammenties like robes, slippers and 24hr quick room service, fully replenished servy bar daily.... We tried 4 out of the 5 restaurants and enjoyed the French Cuisine the most. They try very hard to meet a Continental Level of Service! Some of the staff are still learning, but try extremely hard to please... so please understand this is a forgien country.The food in the buffets were extremely varied, so I think there is something for everyone, regardless of your tastes. It is not gourment, but it is definately better than average.The entertainment, was simple, but the atmosphere was friendly and easy to meet people.I would definately give this family and couples resort a two thumbs up rating at this time.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superbe Hotel - Great Food - great place The wife and I just came back yesterday (March 5th) from a one week superbe vacation at the Bahia Punta Cana (Golden Club).The place is all new and well maintained. The food at the buffet and the 4 restaurants (out of 6) which we ate were excellent and I'm a very very picky person, so when I say the food was great I mean it was very good. Also, it's good to know a few basic spanish words, this way you make them very happy. Like any other resorts, give them a little tip once and while, they will remember you the next day and you will get an even better smile/service.If others thinks this is not a 5 star, they should have looked and talked around with other people on the beach of their hotels. Everyone at the other hotels were complaining about the property, service and/or food (mainly the food, I would say). Our hotel (Bahia), their was nothng to complain about. Were the type of people who likes to go to bed early, long day at the beach and from our room you can't even hear the parties going on, since thiey are located at the front of the hotel, so all guest can enjoy a quite night.If you do stay at the Bahia and would like to enjoy the bigger waves on the beach, just walk 10 minutes north (left side of the beach) and just around the corner at the Breeze Resort (poor comments on the hotel from people on the beach by the way), they have great waves which you can dive in and get carried away. Lots of fun for an afternoon.On the right side of the beach (south), a little walk of 30 minutes will take you to a flea market. You need to bargain, what ever price they say offer half or walk away. At half price if you leave they will give to you anway.A well deserved 5 STAR hotel. If you compare this to other hotels, I've never seen a place were all bathroom (room, public or on the beach) has marble floor and walls. This is a classy hotel.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Missing the hotel already!! First of id like to say that the reviews on this site are completely wrong about this hotel. My stay at the resort on the week of monday the 21st of feb. was incredible. I would reccomend this resort to all ages. I will say that the resort is mostly a couple oriented place, but we brought our children and they always had fun, met many kids their age, and went to the disco at night which was fun for them. Over all i would give this hotel a 5/5 and wish to return back in the future!!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go.. if you want to fast for a whole week! Disgusting food! The people are rude... the maid was stealing from us... we went with a party of 6, we all got seriously ill. The food is poison. We feel that it was a big waste of money... we paid for a 5 star hotel... but the quality of food was 2 star. DON'T GO TO THE BAHIA PRINCIPE PUNTA CANA..  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>need_a_serious_tan
<Content>Spend your money elsewhere!! NOT a 5 star.. just being honest. First off I would just like to clarify, that I am not a negative, picky person.Also, this is my 5th trip to an all inclusive, but first time in Dominican Republic. I've been to a 3 star in Cuba, a 4 star in Puerto Vallarta Mexico, a 4 star in Riveria Maya, Mexico, and a 4 star in St. Martine.With this being said, let's move on...Yes, this resort is beautiful. Brand new... very clean! However, while we were there we DID NOT feel safe.. let me explain: The first day we arrive, we went to get/pay for our safe. (This is the first place I've been to where we had to pay for a safe.. and the first place that doesn't give keys to it, or where you can choose your own combination) My boyfriend did not have enough money with him, so we had to come back. She told us it would cost us $60.00usd, for our two week stay. Fine. We returned after dinner, but the girl was closing her cash, so we had to wait till the next day to get it. No problem. So the next morning we come back, but was served by a different girl from the day before. ONLY this girl asked us for 65USD. I then said Excuse me?? We were quoted 60 dollars YESTERDAY, it should be EVEN less than 60 dollars today!! She mumbled something under her breath in spanish, grabs our money and walks away to go get change. I'm not kidding. So our guess is she wanted to pocket 8 bucks, because we ended up paying 57 dollars instead.Next...About 2 days later, my boyfriend decided to go to the gym, (which has about 5 machines in it... not impressive!!) (LUCKILY,) I stayed in our room just wanting to watch T.V. Then I get a knock at my door (it was about 6:30pm) and it's a guy (about 26 years old) wearing the same uniform that the people who do the landscaping wear. (so obviously not somebody from the front desk or management) AND HE HAS A KEY OF OUR ROOM in his hands. ---Since when do the gardeners have access to our rooms.. let alone our keys??!!!--- When he realized that I WAS in the room, he pulls a battery out of his pocket.. claiming he was there to change the battery in our alarm clock. I told him our alarm clock plugs INTO THE WALL. I sent him away! I was REALLY nervous after that... because you must know by now that your key for your room... also opens the safe! After that day (it was about 4 or 5 days into our vacation) we took everything out of our safe and locked it in our luggage everyday. (If this doesn't convince you.. listen to this...) When my bf returned, I told him what happened. We went to go speak with a manager to inform him of what just happened.. and to find out WHO exactly has access to our rooms and keys? When we got there.. there was already another couple waiting for the manager because THEY DID GET ROBBED! Everything was taken from their safe! I'm not sure what happened with that other couple but when we got the chance to speak with the manager.. he completely brushed us off. All he said was that he was going to look into it. Never heard back from him... we attempted to go back twice and he nor any other manager for that matter was available to speak with. Now the so-called food. NASTY... Put it this way... We had MUCH better food in our 3 star hotel in Cuba, than we did at this so-called 5 Star Resort. I've read that people wrote that there is a wide selection at the buffet. Yes.. there is two rows of food......... BUT Both rows have the exact same food!!! I am really beginning to think that the people who are writing that this place is great with a wide selection of food.. WORKS for the hotel somehow, and are being paid to say great things about this resort. We met 4 other people during our stay, and we all got ill from the food. It all smells the same, and taste the same. It's horrible, I can't stress this enough!Listen, if you haven't booked yet.. DO NOT go to the Bahia Punta Cana.. with that money... you can go elsewhere... A REAL 5 STAR, or even a 4 star... this is DEFINATELY NOT A 5 star. I use to think that Cuba was the lowest end destination, and DR was 2nd.. meaning better..... It's actually the other way around... This was the worst place I have ever been to... they treat you much better in Cuba. And the quality of food is better.As I said, yes this place has nice grounds.. well kept and all that jazz.. but NONE of that matters when your constantly worrying of being robbed... people making you feel like your a bother when asking questions... we just always felt that we were being scamed. That is not the best feeling. PLUS when you pay for a 5 star hotel... you should get quality food, I understand we are not in North America, and I did not expect THE BEST... but this was absolutely disgusting. That's why I think... I will NEVER return.. NOR DO I RECOMMEND this resort... GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!Should you have any questions... you can email me, just mark the subject as Bahia Principe Punta Cana please. Again.. I'm not being negative... but I am being bluntly honest. You can either take from me or learn the hard way like we did... but you will regret it!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>haybayer
<Content>Five Big Stars Wife and I just came back from a fantastic 2 weeks 14th to 28th at the Bahia Principe. We had originally booked to go to the Rui Taino , but Sunquest Tours advised us 2 days before we left that the norwalk virus was a problem there. We chose the Principe as our other choice. The trip there and getting through customs was a breeze. 35 minutes on a bus we got to the resort, had to wait about an hour for our room to be ready ( no problem ) it was worth the wait. We had a room on the third floor overlooking the two pools. The only problem was mine as I am waiting for hip replacements and the third floor was bit of a challenge but decided to stay there as view was beautifull. ( Hand railings would be a bonus for people with walking problems or just plain safety for wet steps). I just read the review from the people from Montreal, I don't know what planet you live on , but it certainly isn't Earth. Everything in this hotel is of the highest standards. I have traveled the world and stayed at some pretty nice places and this one ranks with the best of them and you won't go broke tipping, or get snubbery that is common in your usual 5 stars in North America or Europe. The Food and Service is excellent Jaun Ramon the manager does his best to keep the standards high and constantly greets you with a big smile and a hand shake. Believe me the food choices were bountiful and everthing fresh and tasty . I ate everything and absolutely no problems. Everything is well laid out at this resort and everything easy to get at considering this place has 1200 rooms. The rooms were a nice size and very comfortable with king bed. The bathroom beautiful with wirl pool tub. Should try to solve tub inclosure so water dosn't spray on marble floor making it another safety factor. Maid (Nieve) did a great job and we left tips everyday with sweets for her children. Had a blast at the pool bar and the girls and a singing bar tender. Oh Sure the drinks change were don;t they. The lobby bar is gorgeous and plenty of room with no lack of seating. The beach is huge and beautiful with no lack of shade or chairs that you can get any time of day. And by the way no Glass is allowed on the beach (Only common sense ). I swam everytime in the turquise blue warm ocean (Beautiful). Boy give this place a few years when Golf and vegetation kicks in. Please do yourself a favour and learn a few words in Spanish it goes a long way and these people really appreciate it and will help you as well. A little tip goes a long way, and by the way the money is pooled and divided, Great Eh. So Please give a PROPINA (tip) if at all possible. Also went on my second Barvaro Safari (Great Fun ) and we swam with the Sharks, Good but to much $ for what you get Fish are cooped in a pen and you snorkel on top of them, and no lunch a small pretzel bag. All in All a Great time and would highly recommed this resort ! We will be comming back ! Fred  Sharron  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would NOT go back! I just returned (Feb28,2005) from a long weekend there with my 17 year old daughter.We spent a half hour waiting for our room, as I had requested a high floor and they had us in a ground floor room. The room was nice but the sliding door didn't lock and the toilet wasn't working. It took an hour for someone to come fix the toilet and I used the room's provided golf umbrella as a door stop. We had a few mosquitoes in the room.The staff's attitude varied. I tipped a few dollars here and there and they definitely appreciate it. We met some very nice, helpful people yet also encountered some rude, lewd male employees. I would never go to the Dominican with another female again. The men stare, make comments and are disgusting. (And we kept our tops ON!)The food is DISGUSTING. I cannot imagine how anyone could like that food. The few other Americans we met from the New York area agreed. The buffet was literally inedible. The reservation process is ridiculous to say the least. We ate at the Japanese place two nights. They use so much salt and soy sauce that my face was puffy the next day.The beach is beautiful. But I will definitely never go there again. There are plenty of other beautiful beaches in the world.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Souze
<Content>Very nice time at the Bahia Principe I have returned on feb 22nd from a week at the Bahia Principe, and had a great time during that week. Most of what i had read from other reviews was true, service was excellent, grounds were beautiful and constantly maintained, rooms were very clean and beach was wonderful. Note that the sand never gets so warm that one cannot walk barefoot on it. The food was also very good, there was something for anybody, although it was not exactly 5 stars food, especially for the seafood.We did have minor problems, our patio door did not lock properly, and had to wait for two hours for our room to be ready when we checked in (room was ready at 17:00 pm, so we had to forget about the beach that day..).If you are not satisfied with this hotel, i would suggest walking around the surrounding hotels, i have to say that the Bahia had the nicest beach water and pools, and there was no other place i would have preferred to stay. And one thing that was so great was the abscence of beach vendors (unlike in Puerto Plata). There was nobody trying to sell us anything, anywhere on the beach surrounding, or at the hotel. The hotel does have a souvenir shop, and offers massage, temporary tatoos or braid services, but it is up to us to go see them.I f you are eager to shop, there is a little shopping center on the beach, about 30 min. walk from the hotel. They have nice things, but do not forget to bargain for a third of the asked price.One last thing, it was extremely windy on some days, so windy that the beach was practically deserted (mini sand storms!!), and we were not able to do any water activities.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Tristan25
<Content>If you don't like this resort...stay home!!! I usually do not post reviews but after reading so many negative reviews about this resort I felt obligated to post mine. Let me start by saying I have traveled extensively since I was a child and have stayed in some of the greatest resort. I am appalled by some of the negative reviews regarding this hotel. I would like to know where these people have stayed in the past to have so much negative feedback or perhaps they only travel once every five years and expect to be treated like royalty. This resort is nothing but spectacular. The lobby is opulent and the service is great. The rooms are spacious and have a Jacuzzi tub, I have seen worse rooms at the Ritz Carleton therefore this is a plus for this resort.Food is great, mind you I never ate at the buffet for dinner. I always went to the a la carte restaurants even if I did not have a reservation. All you need is a nice tip for the head waiter and you are seated. The decor at some of these restaurants is amazing. The check in was fast and efficient. I had the club golden and was served champagne at arrival. That is service. All and all if you don't like this resort I strongly recommend to stay home because the Caribbean or Mexico is not for you. Seriously I'd like to know where the complainers have stayed in the past.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I can't believe I had any reservations about this wonderful resort I, too, cannot understand how anyone could complain about this resort. The service was quite good, especially if you attempt to speak the language a bit ( I happen to be fluent, so there were absolutely no communication problems). I happened to enjoy the diversity of the travelers, although I believe the Canadians outnumbered everyone! The accomodations and service:Super clean and new. This resort is three hotels under the Bahia name. Spendid lobby areas - wonderul aesthetics Marble and wood - kept immaculate - Brass polished every day - same with glass. Room was adequately large - nice new linens - has Mini bar and whirlpool. I requested iron and ironing board and it was brought promptly. The staff was very attentive; at one point quality control came to visit after my second request for mini-bar restocking. Most of the time, tservice was prompt; at such a large resort, there are bound to be times when things are overlooked, but all in all, service was superior.We did have to wait for our room upon arrival, but we were treated well and directed to the buffet for our first meal. Buffet and restaurants:If you can't find something that you like to eat, you simply don't like to eat. I'm a fussy foodie and I found wonderful things to eat. The buffets were superior, with so many choices that it is difficult to decide. There is a section in the main buffet for the weight or health conscious. The main buffet also offered cooked to order pasta and omelets every day, plus such a wide variety of foods that one is tempted to overeat in order to try everything. The breakfasts in the main buffet offered a bit more than the smaller buffets served in (some of) the restaurants, but again, there was a plethora to choose from. Service was so courteous - regardless if one tipped or not, you really felt welcome. There was always someone to bring coffee, or more utensils, or whatever. Of the three restaurants that we visited, I preferred the Mexican. The Japanese was interesting, and the French was elegant ( the mousse au chocolat was the best I'd ever had), but I would say the food and the atmosphere at the Mexican was the most pleasing. I didn't get to dine at the Italian, although I have heard that it was fine; one could always have the made to order pasta dishes in the buffet daily.There is room service, but it was rare that anyone availed themselves of it.After ten, buffets close and there are really no places for snacks after that, so I recommend that if you are a late night snacker, you bring what you want. However, the food is so plentiful during the day, that you really probably won't want anything else.Bars, snack bars and service:I thought the service very good at both; drinks were not particularly strong, but you could ask for double shots. Wine, unless you order something not included, was mediocre, white being better than red. At restaurants and in the main lobby, specialty champagne drinks were featured.Entertainment:The piano bar at Bahia Bavaro (the mirror image of Bahia Punta Cana) was wonderful, if only too short in time. The nightly entertainment varies, but is certainly much less professional than Broadway or even some less well known theater districts). However, the entertainment staff work all day at various venues (pool, pueblo shopping center and theater) and one wonders at their energy level. The entertainment doesn't go much after 11:00 p.m., but this may be on purpose, so that the noise level at night was negligible (unless someone walked up to an upper level room late at night - lots of echo because of concrete construction). In general, easy sleeping, and I am a terrible sleeper.Kareoke was fun - and people watching was great!Other items:The Pueblo Village - a shopping area - very limited -within the compound. I recommend that shopping be done out of complex, or at the vendors located on or slightly off beach - ask anyone, they will be able to direct you.The people:Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful. I would come back just for them. They are warm and incredibly sweet. They try to please and were very informative about their country and their lifestyle - I wanted to adopt them all. I would recommend getting out of the hotel and into the real country to meet some of the people - it helps, however, if you are fluent in the language.Tipping:Although tipping is not required, Americans do it more than most, I think. You should tip for bags, specially requested services, or just because you want to because someone has been wonderful. Sometimes there is confusion about who to tip, because you have multiple servers, but perhaps there is a tip pool. A few dollars won't break anyone, and these people deserve anything they get in the way of tipping, because they work so hard to please.All in all, I believe that management is working very hard to eliminate the bugs of a relatively new resort. I would gladly return to this resort - I suspect it will become the new have to visit soon!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>snowkitty99
<Content>Great Resort Just returned last Fri. Very pleasently surprised. The resort is beautiful and very clean. The rooms are the nicest we have ever seen and the staff are wonderful. We did not find the lanuage a problem at all and found it fun to use what little spanish we do know. The buffets were the best we have had in all our travels (Cacun, Mayan, St. Martin) You had so much to chose from and their pasta was excellent. The main lobby buffet was the largest. We ate alacarte at the Japanese (not great, but the experience was worth it), the Grill (so, so) and the French (excellent). I did not care for their tropical drinks. They come from a machine and don't seem to have the taste that a blender drink does, but I did manage to choke a few down. I found their white wine excellent and it was a treat to have champagne and orange juice at the breakfast buffet. We stayed in the Hacienda section right in the middle of the resort. We were on the second floor with a nice view of one of the pools. We were disappointed not having an ocean view(not many do), but being in the middle cut down on walking distance to beach and lobby. All in all a wonderful time and we certainly got our monies worth. Only reason we would not return is the size is too big as we prefer the smaller resorts and love being right on the beach.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation! We just returned back from the Bahia two days ago and had a wonderful vacation! I read a lot of the reviews prior to our trip and we left with an open mind. Our whole trip ended up wonderful! We booked through Apple Vacations, airport/flight was completely smooth, ground transportation was prompt, check-in was fast and effecient, even though our room was not ready right away, we had a few cocktails and enjoyed the resort.ROOMS: The room was beautiful, very large with a patio, large bathroom with jet tub and a ceiling fan. Our maid did a great job, we had a few days where we didn't get washcloths, but not a big deal, we still left her a tip daily. When we first arrived, the plug on the jet tub did not work, we called maintainance and it was fixed that day. We never even used our safe, and had no problems with anything missing. You have to rent an iron, which is $5/day. We just made due without.SERVICE: We found everyone to be very friendly and efficient. The drinks were good, although not always consistent, we enjoyed them, especially the dirty monkeys and coco locos! The language barrier did not hinder our stay at all, we know a little Spanish, so it was actually fun. A majority of the help know very good English, and seemed to improve by the time we left! Our Apple reps were wonderful and very helpful. We went on the Outback Safari, if you go, do it! It was a blast!FOOD: Definately time for a diet after this vacation! The food was good, the buffet had numerous choices, the al a carte restaurants were great, and the snack bars down by the pool were delicious! We had no stomach issues what so ever! Of course some of the food is not like back home, the burgers were so so, but we realize we weren't eating at McDonalds! We ceretainly did not go hungry!RESORT: This resort is beautiful, the villas are great, the pools are absolutely wonderful. They are constantly cleaning, grooming, painting, etc. It is very large, but we found that aspect fun, we enjoyed walking around and enjoying the grounds. By the end of the week we were using the tram back and forth to the beach though, a lot of walking! There is a wide variety of cultures at this resort, and quite a few children. The entertainment did a good job, we wished there was more to do earlier in the evening, we were too worn out most nights to make it up late to enjoy the activities. There is little to do outside the resort, exept daytime excurtions. We did try the casino a little, and had fun, as expected, we didn't go home rich! The disco was also fun, good music and drinks. We saw two mosquitos the whole time we were there and we had our patio door open almost all the time, we did not take bug spray or take the pills for malaria. BEACH: The beach is everything you would expect, BEAUTIFUL! It is the white sand and turquoise water. We enjoyed walking it every day. If you want to take advantage of the free water sports book ahead of time, we weren't able to use the boogie boards, they were all booked. We did try the kayaking, which was fun. There were a few days that we had a hard time finding chairs. The weather our first two days was some clouds and sporatic rain. The rest of our week was perfect, 80's and sunny, but it is very windy all the time. Overall, if you are looking for a relaxing, beautiful vacation we would highly recommend this resort. We had a great experience from booking to our flight home. It is definately not a party resort, more couple oriented and mellow. We loved it!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kvmoore
<Content>Heaven on Earth A real treat. The resort is immaculate and well groomed. It is new so as another advisor mentioned it lacks the lush greenery of mature plants and trees but overall it is awesome. Rooms are clean and well appointed, and the bathrooms are large. Cleaning and servicing of your room is just great, and a couple of bucks goes a long way. Santino at the Towel Hut is always smiling, and helpful. Highlights are the Beach, white sands turquoise waters, a sunken ship on the coral reef just off of the beach adds to the atmosphere. If you want to lie around on the beach, I suggest going early and claiming your spot as they vanish quickly around 09:00. The resort is large and the walk from the main lobby (you have to see it) is about 5-6 minutes but there are shuttle carts running 20 hours a day so no problems there. The staff at the reception and the management of the restaurants have a good command of English, however the wait and bar staff do not. But remember, we are the foreigners and a small Spanish dictionary will get you a long way. Pools, there are 3 all with swim up bars. They pour drinks differently at each location but who cares!!, variety is the spice of life. The buffet is spectacular, choices beyond your imagination. Customize an omelet, have crepes, fresh fruit or corn flakes. The morning always starts well with a mimosa!! The entertainment could have a bit more of the traditional local flavour but the shows are very well done. The Italian restaurant for one of your reserved meals is great. Relax, enjoy and be spoiled.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thieves in Paradise Date of visit Feb. 8, 2005. Food good, weather bad, if you do not like big resorts you will not like the Bahia in Punta Cana. Shows in evening were terrible, staff speaks very little English. Drinks for Sunquest Hacienda guests were cheap liquors and rum only. We ordered Bailey's and a Smirnoff's at the lobby bar and were charged $14.00 U.S for two drinks. They have a list of what drinks are in the all-inclusive package and trust me, there was nothing I had ever heard of. Have you ever had a Caesar made with rum, if you order one at the Bahia, that is all they serve. Never had tomato or clamato. Clothing and personal items stolen from our rooms even though we paid $40.00 U.S at check in for the room safe. Skyservice charged us an overweight charge for our luggage leaving Punta Cana even though we came home to Toronto with much less than we took and left toiletries and gifts for maids and hotel staff. Luggage not overweight when we embarked on our trip from Toronto, Ontario Canada. No idea how it could weigh more when we left. Had to pay an overweight charge to Skyservice when leaving to come home. We were told to get on the plane and it take it up with Skyservice in Toronto as they were the ones that did not know how to weigh luggage properly. They originally wanted $75.00 U.S. from us but when I request a receipt to take to Skyservice when I got home it suddenly dropped to $25.00 U.S. We did pay the charge. We are generous with tips and gifts and still had items stolen from our rooms. Theft of items from our room was very disappointing. We were told by other guests not to waste our time reporting it. We did not choose to do so because I thought the maid may get blamed. There were so many staff in and out of room. We had repairmen, although I did not report a need for repair. When the mini bar was filled daily there were at least 4 staff on present. Not sure why? In total I have been to Dominican 7 times. This is the first time I have had items stolen. Will not be back...  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Worst Resort and Vacation I Ever Had!!!! I was extremely disappointed in this resort (5 stars hotel, makes you wonder on which standard they get those stars...), on every aspect. The food was cafetaria style(meaning overcooked, cheap ingredients, taste awful!) and it was the same everyday, most of the time not warm enough. The staff was very rude, at the front desk, at the restaurant etc...You only get to make three reservations for the week for the restaurants a la carte. You have to be extremely patient to make those reservations, I waited 45 min in line to get mine!Everyday, coming back from the beach(around 6PM) we had to call at the front desk, to get our minibar refilled, to get towels in the bathroom. Of course, we had to call back at least two times, to remind them that we called before, and we had to wait one hour to get what we asked for(meaning we had to wait to take our shower, or to drink water, truly 5 stars service isn't it!).At the beach there was broken glass in the sand...a bit dangerous....The resort is divided in two sections The Bahia Principe Punta Cana and The Bahia Principe Bavaro. Basicaly, at your arrival they assigned you in one section and you are forbidden to use the restaurants from the other section. It's a crazy concept, you feel confined in your section and if you dare going in the other section, at the restaurants (only to check if the food is the same) they won't let you in!!! I'm French and I enjoy strong coffee in the morning, in order to get my coffe I had to go at the bar in the lobby to get an expresso (from a true expresso machine). Then, I had to walk from the lobby to the buffet(to eat breakfast), struggling not to drop my two cups of coffee...Again, I don't call this a 5 stars service!!! The grand finale is that my spouse and I cought a virus called Shigella (bloody diarrhea+vomiting) apparently you get this when the food has been spoiled with feces!!!! As it wasn't bad enought to eat crapy food during our holidays, the cook had to have dirty hands on top of it!!!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Four Fabulous Days My partner and I went to Bahia Principe for four days, February 19-22. We had a fabulous time and really liked this hotel. Let me preface by saying neither of us has ever stayed at an all inclusive resort or visited Punta Cana. The grounds are beautiful, very well maintained, exceptionally clean. The pools are a bit chilly, but then again the weather was a bit off, so I'm sure on a really hot day they would be fabulous. The beach is very clean, but obviously not raked by large machinery. (Lots of sticks, I did see some glass) The rooms do have a very musky oder to them. I spoke to friends who had been to Punta Cana, they told me it was that way at their resorts as well. Not specific to Bahia-Principe. We brought candles and room spray and opened the door to the balcony to air it out, which worked fairly well.We had no problems with housekeeping, we filled out the card, they cleaned the room when we requested. When we left a note the first day and a tip they brought more beer and water. We neglected to leave a note the second day, we got less beer. The bellhops were very fast in both picking up and delivering our baggage. I did request an iron that I never received, but really who wants to iron their clothes on vacation anyway?The food, a topic that greatly concerned us as we are picky eaters. We did not eat the dinner buffet but heard from others that it was wonderful. We ate breakfast everyday which we loved. My partner said the eggs were perfect, I had waffles. Everything we ate was good, cooked all the way through, plenty of flavor, plenty of choices. We ate at both the French and the Steakhouse restaurants, both were good, the French better than the steak. For a steakhouse they really didn't have very much beef, we think because there just isn't much beef there. Overall this is a fabulous hotel and will be a full five stars when they work out some of the kinks. Registration for us was very fast, but the process is a bit cumbersome. The reservation system for the restaurants needs work for sure. We were told all restaurants were packed, in reality they were quite empty. The three women in the reservation room were not the most accomidating. I did speak very sternly and demand reservations where we wanted to go and when and in the end that worked out, but I don't think it should be that way. One thing I will highly recommend is visiting the spa especially if you have a rainy day. We did on sunday and really enjoyed it. The facilities are clean, there are two large hot tubs and three steam rooms. They are beyond wonderful, complete with beds of jets and a firehouse type of waterfall that does wonders for any part of the body that is causing you trouble. It was $32 US each to use the spa and well worth it. Although they said it was supposed to last an hour, we were there for three.The staff is very pleasant (exception in reservations) and eager to please you. All of the waitstaff were exceptionally nice. We would recommend this resort to anyone. Couples, singles and family, there is plenty for everyone there. If you are looking for a vacation where you can have a beach to yourself, or aren't into being around lots of people this place isn't for you. It wasn't crowded, there were not lines, you can have anything you want including drinks pretty quickly but it isn't desolate. The rooms do not have ocean views, there is not any snorkling (sea life to see) on the premisis.I hope this information is helpful to you. I found that most of the negative stuff I read on this site were negative situations that were specific to certain people. Certainly not the opinion of my partner or I, or any of the other guests I met at the resort. Go with an open mind, and enjoy!!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Experience! My husband and I just returned last night from this resort. We religiously stay with Fairmont and we were kind of nervous about staying at a different chain..... we were very pleasantly surprised! It is a beautiful resort with two amazing lobbies. Our room was fantastic ! We did not have any concerns with theft that others had, we didnt even get a hotel safe, we just locked our stuff in our luggage. The service is ouststanding! Wilson in the Lobby Lounge is fantastic! It is well worth it !PS: I would recommend not eating anything with mayonnaise on it, the keep on top of a heated service ..... save yourself the grief!TNT  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what a nightmare Where can i start, the dates which my family and i went were feb11-18 Huge property but it seems not run with much desire! My room was infested with mosquitos. My wife and i must of killed about 20 mosquitos the one nite, it was just sick. The most discusting part of the mosquito masacre was we expected the dead carcases to be wiped down and cleaned the next day, guess what nothing was done at all. VERY UPSETTING! The food was ok, not great. What i couldn't understand some bars had a particular drink and at another bar you need to pay.HELLO ALL INCLUSIVE!! The entertainment as far as the nightly shows were great. Staff was friendly, the front desk needed help.If i was to do it again. I wouldn't.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Vacation       Beach  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TysonChicago_IL
<Content>Exceeded Expectations       Site plan of the resort. We stayed in Villa 10 which was midway between beach and lobby  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best beach       Villa  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>beachtravel1
<Content>Punta Cana Paradise, si!       beach with palms  palapas  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 star all the way Just returned from the Bahia today. I am totally stunned that anybody could write a bad review about this resort. The flight, check-in, room, meals, service, grounds, beaches, and service staff were absolutely fantastic. I remember reading a review about the mini bar service that some people didn鈥檛 receive the amount of water, beer, and pop that they requested even though they left a dollar tip! A dollar tip? Gee don鈥檛 hurt yourself. I don鈥檛 blame them for stiffing you; I would have given you tap water in a bottle for a buck. We tipped our mini bar guy $5.00 and could have easily received 24 beer if we asked. I did not see one single person leave a tip the whole week that we were there. On two occasions I had people tell me that I shouldn鈥檛 be tipping. News flash for all you cheap SOB鈥檚. We were treated like royalty all week just by leaving 5.00 here and there. If you can鈥檛 afford to tip, you probably should not be going on vacation. Do you really think these people whistle their way to work with their high income? Give me a break.The grounds, transportation, maid service, wait staff, food, and rooms were all 5 star. I met several people who have read these reviews and we are all wondering, are you people sure you stayed at the same resort? Or are you just born whiners and cheap complainers?I can鈥檛 believe how some people treated the staff, as if they are above them or something. People raising their coffee cups and yelling 鈥渉ey you鈥?to the staff. People whistling to get a waitresses attention, people who order a drink on the beach and don鈥檛 tip the waitress who walks through the sand to get drinks. Unbelievable.Oh, and the wind? Give me a break, the wind is a breeze and without that breeze you would fry like an egg. Speaking of eggs, most of the women should give us a break and keep your tops on. I am very well traveled, this resort is 5 star all the way.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sweetsconley
<Content>Loved it! We just returned from the Bahia Principe on Feb. 17th. We thoroughly enjoyed this resort. We would love to go back. It is very clean, the staff is cleaning constantly. It is very large, but they run shuttles all the time, if you don't like to walk. We like to walk, especially when we have been overeating, which was so easy to do. We really liked the food. It is not like you would get in a 5-star in the states, but it was very good, especially the bread - it was wonderful! You really can't expect too much in the food department when you travel to exotic places, you have to remember this is a different culture. We found plenty of choices, fish, chicken, beef, turkey, etc. There are 3 large pools, with most of the action (games, etc) at the large pool by the beach. All the employees were very friendly  helpful, (a couple dollars tip goes a long way) They kept our fridge well stocked, with a note  a tip each day. We enjoyed the wine with dinner  the drinks varied from bar to bar, even with a different bartender. Once, when the rum punch didn't seem to have much rum in it, we just ordered 2 shots of rum  poured them in our drinks - no problem! The rooms are large, beds comfortable. A tip - take a grocery store card or something to keep in the little slot that keeps your electricty on in the room. They tell you to use your room key, but we did not. We used a CVS card  kept our AC on all the time. It is very hot there. The casino is small  we never went to the spa or fitness club, it was not close to our room. There is a little shopping area between the Punta Cana side of the resort  the Bavaro side that you can buy souveniers, some of the shops take credit cards. The vendors do not, but you can bargain with them  get better deals. I would higly reccommend this resort to anyone!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice Just came back on Feb 18 ... everything was great! .. food, staff, room, check in, the whole vacation. Don't know why people would rate it lower than a four ... maybe they don't travel a lot and expect too much?  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HUGE RESORT My wife and I just returned from 2 weeks at the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana...Jan.30-Feb.13. Overall, we were happy with the resort. There's actually 3 resorts within this resort. The place is huge!!! There's several trams that run constantly and unless your an avid walker, you have to take these. The food was quite good in all the resturants with the specilty restaurants being really good. All favorite was the gourmet although the Garden Grill resturant was very good as well. The rooms where clean but average. Nothing really special about them. We had paid for the Golden Club upgrade and I definetly wouldn't suggest spending your money on this. It was very poor value for the money. We where closer to the beach then some however we had the furthest building away. The first week, I had to call 4 days out of 7 to have our room frig stocked. Once I was told they were all out of beer. Twice I was told that they would be right there to refill it however they never showed up. The 4th time, they did come but they brought water...no beer again. The daily newspaper that you get it actually a single copy for the entire resort, photocopied (about 1/10th of the actual paper) that's kept in the front of the resort in the Golden Club. Again, it's a good 20 minute walk to get there or else you can take the tram. The Internet is also in the Golden Club and your allowed 15 minutes per day.....not a second more. Again, this was very misleading when we booked the Golden Club and something that was totally over-rated. The beach was gorgeous. If you like to walk, you can go as far as you want in either direction. It was incredibly windy 10 of the 14 days there however there isn't anything you can do about that. They do clean the beach daily and keep thing relatively in order. Lots of loungers both at the beach and the pools so we never found it difficult to get a couple where we wanted them.The malaria issue was non-existent. With the wind being so strong, there where no bugs within miles. The resort is very secluded with not much else around. There are several other resorts close by however we didn't venture into these. The RIU was next door however we where told that people where sick at that hotel and it was recommended that we didn't visit there.Overall, it was a very relaxing vacation. The piano bar in the main building (just a short tram ride away) was quite good and we both enjoyed this nightly. The entertainment in the theatre was average, what we saw of it.It was very impersonal because of the size and we didn't seem to see the same people 2 days in the row. Generally, people where friendly though so you do meet lots of different groups. We found that tipping didn't make a difference at all again because we didn't get the same waitresses/waiters more then once.If you need any further info or have questions, just email us. We'll be glad to write you back.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice resort, but would never go back We just returned from the Bahia Principe on Feb. 17th. We stayed a week there. First let me tell you we had picked Ocean Sands to stay at but there was no guarantee that it would be up and running on Feb. 10th, so they moved us to this resort. I would never have picked it because it is so big. I have stayed at Iberostar Punta Cana, Iberostar Costa Dorada in the Dominican republic and have been to Jamaica and Mexico. So I feel that I know resorts. This will be my first bad review I have ever written.  First let me tell you the best things about this hotel- It has to be the most beautiful resort we have stayed at and I only stay at 5 and above ratings. The lobby is beautiful, and big. The restraurants are very nice. The French restaurant was wonderful. It was a 2 hour meal, the presentation of the food wonderful and it was very good. The Japanese restaurant was very nice and fun. I thought it was very good to. I tasted things that I never would have before. The Mexican restaurant was also good not as fancy on the inside, but good food. And the buffet was very nice inside. The food was very good in there. Every night was a different theme. There was something for everyone. The pasta that they prepared in front of you was very good. They also had pizza everynight in there also. If you believe people that the food was not done or good they are crazy, Im the most pickest person when it comes to food not prepared right and being gross. This is not the case here. These people may have never been outside the USA before. The food is great. The shows at night are not as good as Iberostar. In fact they were kind of boring. We only watched two of the shows and left half way through. Dont get me wrong, they do work hard at the what they are doing. Its just that I have seen better. There is a piano guy in the lobby bar at night, he does a great job. The beaches and pools are great. The activities pool down by the beach can get crowded, exceptually if it is very wind and chilly down by the beach. I always was done there at 7:30 to get chairs but it does not get busy until around 8:30-9:00. There are two snack bars down there. They had hamburgers, hot dogs, nachos, pizza, fruit. It was good. Now for the bad stuff.Our room was building 19 the farthest from the beach. To be exact it was a total of 1 1/2 miles round trip. I usually walked down and back every time because I could beat the trolley. I rode that only when I did not want to walk. The trolleys were always running though. You do not want to for get anything up at your room let me tell you!! We were close to the lobby and the restaurants though. OOur room was on the first floor, and from the way it sounds all the people who I talked to that were on the first floor had mosquitos. And let me tell you the mosquitos are the size of rice. Huge they are. Every day we killed probably 15, they were smashed all over the walls, mirrors. And at night they buzzed around your head. We needed a mosquito net around our bed. We did get some mosquito bites to. People that were on the 2nd and 3rd floors did not have mosquitos. So ask for higher rooms!!The first day we got there, our room door does not lock. So we went up to the reception, they sent a guy down to fix it, he had to replace the whole door lock thing. It took a while to do that. Then the door worked. Also our slidding door was open, so make sure it is locked when you get there. Another day we go back our door doesnt work again. To make a long story short- 3 hours later and two new door lock things it worked. There were over 500 complaints about peoples doors not working from what I heard from another guest. It was awful. We had to stay in our room the whole time while he fixed the door. And more mosquitos just flew in!! But no more problems after that.We also heard from another guest that their safe was broke into and their money was stolen. They did not want to give them all their money back, but after a few days and a lot of arguing they finally did. Another thing the lobby area had stairs around it and it would be a little difficult I would think for older people to get around there. They need to be a different color. I had no problem though. But some people did fall on them.Get your hair braided on the beach on 30.00 compared to 79 on the resort. Also do NOT forget your suntan lotion. It was $45.00 in a shop a the resort. That was American money! I did not buy any let me tell you. I already had some but wanted a different kind. Also I wanted to buy traveling mugs that said Bahia Principe on them $37.00. American dollars. Are they crazy!! Otherwise this place was very nice, but we did have our problems. If you have never been to another resort before, you would problem love it. I just thought the place was way to BIG. It is all about what you like though. I like smaller resorts and I would never go back here again. We did meet very nice people though.One more thing. If you like activities. like I do this is not the place to go. I only did like 3 activities. You never new where they were happening, if you werent right in the area at the time. They did not work that hard to come find you and get you to participate. Iberostar star friends are way better. Good luck. I did have fun while I was there.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wacky
<Content>in love with Prince Bay! ;) bahia principe - club haciena feb 11-18wow.... let me just say i teared on our last night at bahia principe. we had an amazing time, full out pampered like never before. to add the icing on the cake, unexpectedly gorgeous FIREWORKS went off on the beach at midnight just as i reluctantly packed my luggage for departure! that was definitely the sweetest goodbye on any vacation!!!i hope this review will help you decide - flight --- i (24) vacationed with by boyfriend (29). the flight to punta cana was tolerable at best - we flew skyservice with sunquest vac. the plane was the smallest i've been on - once you sit you are pretty much STUCK. least favorite part of the trip. ONE STAR.check in/grounds --- we arrived at haciena check-in with welcome drinks, music and dancers. the lobby was quite impressive (we were on the bavaro side, the 2 sides are identical). marble everything, comfy seating and clean as can be (we saw no litter on the grounds the entire trip). the resort was huge, and although transportation was no problem (trolley every 5 min.) i was worried at first that bahia would be too impersonal as we preferred the intimate resort. but - the staff made up for it. they were super attentive, friendly and helpful. also it was never crowded because the grounds were so spread out. FOUR and HALF STAR.room --- our room wasn't ready due to late check out, so we were assigned another to rest in the mean time. the rooms are very clean and new, also marble bathrooms. ours was on the 3rd floor with pool view (lit up at night)- i highly recommend it if you don't want to spend the extra bucks for gold club (everything the same, including rooms, private check-in, 4 a la cartes, free internet, etc - gold's just closer to the beach). REMEMBER to bring hair conditioner! FOUR and HALF STAR, FIVE for ocean view.maids/service --- amazing! my boyfriend left a note requesting flowers because i love them, and almost everyday we had fresh flowers and petals (those tropical ones you see on the grounds, and also roses and gerbera daisies). they also folded towel swans and hearts for us. we left them gift packs (hair accessories, panty hose, lotions, stationary, sketchbooks, clothing, candy etc) and $2 US/day. i highly recommend bringing gifts for them along with tips, not only because things are pretty pricey in DR but they work i believe 10 hr shifts for $50/wk. they truly appreciate gifts. also, tip everyday as maids are not always the same. remember to leave a gift note for the maids so they can take it home. FIVE STAR. by the way we didn鈥檛 have language barriers because my boyfriend spoke fluent Spanish, but i had no problems communicating in English most of the time.beach/pool --- we rarely hung out by the pool as we love the beach. the 2 pools in the middle of the resort are quiet (aside from hilarious drunks singing jingle bells) and pretty in the evening, while the one by the beach is super busy. that's where the dancing lessons, water sports games are. the beach is BEAUTIFUL. there is a 35 yr old ship wreck in front of the hotel, which is pretty cool. beach is damn clean considering seaweed inevitably washes up to shore. no jelly fish, no crab. some complained the water was rough, but we thought the water wasnt rough enough! we love boogie boarding so the red flag was great for us. on yellow flag days we go pedal boating/canoeing/snorkling. water was turquoise and the sand was fine white, all fantastic except the trees and vegetation need some time to mature. the water would be perfect if it was clearer. we usually head to the beach around noon, and always find chairs within 5 minutes. i don鈥檛 know why anyone would get up 6 am to reserve a chair. FOUR AND HALF STAR.food/service --- the buffet was good, always different themes and plenty of choices for everyone. service here is bar none even compared to the a la cartes. they are very attentive (but not in-your-face), friendly and always smiling sometimes singing! FOUR STAR. my least favorite was the Mexican a la carte. it was half buffet half order for dinner 鈥?essentially you serve yourself everything except for the main course, which you wait 陆 hr for. the service SUCKED, used plates for appetizer were not cleared until we were almost done desert, despite the fact that we were sitting right by their service station. the main course was old and practically the same as the buffet section of the restaurant. the guacamole was the only tasty 鈥渄ish鈥? THREE STAR. Italian was in the same style, better but not the best. I had pasta with truffle cream, which i found boring. THREE AND HALF STAR. the Japanese was enjoyable. very nicely decorated, great service, nice details. i thought the food was just ok and not authentic by a far stretch (i do eat a lot of Japanese) but many people seem to enjoy the food and the 鈥渟how鈥? fried ice cream desert was fantastic though! FOUR STAR. our favorite was the French. every dish was great, the lobster cooked just right. FOUR and HALF STAR. no one i knew got sick, but my boyfriend鈥檚 tummy was a little restless on the last day. he has no idea what it鈥檚 from but it did not deter him from drinking and eating. drinks --- i am not a big drinker, but they did make me some great and not so great non-alcoholic drinks. nelson in the lobby is AWSOME apparently. he鈥檚 like tom cruise in cocktail, doing bar tricks n all. i hear he makes a mean drink! also our favorite spot to be after dinner is the lobby, a great place to enjoy cappuccino and music. FIVE STAR. drinks by the beach are a bit watered down sometimes. THREE STAR. pueblo the principe town has yummy drinks. FOUR STAR. animation team --- i appreciated how hard they worked to entertain the guests, but we don鈥檛 go on vacation to watch amateur shows. if we decided to check out the entertainment it鈥檚 usually on the sidelines, and they didn鈥檛 force participation which is great. after 7 days the bahia principe theme song and dance gets stuck in your head 鈥?now i miss it!! FOUR STAR. disco --- fun. they had a good mixture of oldies, latin music, hip hop and techno, definitely something for everyone. nothing too crazy goes on in there. FOUR STAR. shopping --- we鈥檙e not big shoppers, but pueblo principe was alright. it鈥檚 set up like a little town. the prices vary in different shops (ie. same sun tan lotion was $27 at one and $18 at another). shirts were decently priced ($9, as compared to $13-$18 at flea market/other shops in town). paintings are expensive ($40/pair compared to $15/pair at flea market). you will find a lot of touristy stuff, sometimes not for the right price. THREE and HALF STAR. the flea market to the right of the resort along the beach is fun. lots of the same stuff if not more selection, often at better prices. FOUR STAR flea market? hahhaa.all in all, this trip was amazing. i was apprehensive from reading previous reviews, but i鈥檝e concluded that only you can make your vacation enjoyable, or horrible. i don鈥檛 know how it鈥檇 be possible not to enjoy yourself at bahia, though. the Dominican people are the friendliest, all eager to please and pamper (except for those at the Mexican restaurant!). we walked to several other resorts along the beach, and none was comparable to bahia. just on service, cleanliness and the grounds alone, it鈥檚 a FOUR and HALF if not FIVE STAR bang for the buck!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Reedit3
<Content>Piece of Pardise We just returned from a week of paradise. If you anyone can find a complaint about this place they can't be happy anywhere.Check-in was a breeze and took all of 10 minutes. The welcome dancers and drink got us started off with excellent Dominican hopitality.The specialty restaurants were fabulous. The food service staff were always eager to please and evcen though the language difference made communicating a bit more difficult at times the service was always top notch. Our wine and water glasses were always full. The buffet was plentiful and had something for everyone on it (quality not just quantity).The rooms were large, clean, and cool. The maids and mini bar attendants always did their jobs to the best of their abilities (we did tip often and to anyone who provided us with extra service with a smile). Everyone here works hard (tip or no tip). Just our way of saying we appreciate your extra efforts. The nightly entertainment was cute (not Broadway, but then if we wanted Broadway, as we often do, we go there).The beach was beautiful but windy. We chose to walk on the beach and reside by the pools instead. The water (ocean and pools) were cold but refreshing.The hotel is huge but if you love to walk and enjoy the lovely weather its really not that big. The transports are always available without a wait. The shops on the premises were nice but better prices could be found (some bargaining required) 2 miles away (walking) on the beach. The shopping is a fun experience. Go see Mr. Cheapee, Cheapee. He's a blast and great salemanship. The weather was mild during the day (not hot) and slightly cool at night. Saw very few bugs of any kind other than ants (outside). No mosquitos. We did not take any meds prior to or during the trip.All in all the staff was simply marvelous and made this vacation a most memorable one. We booked our trip through Sam's Travel Club and it all turned out perfectly if there is such thing as perfect. We would recommend this resort to anyone looking for a bit of paradise. Enjoy.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the Best One of the best resorts and vacations ever. We travel a lot and and often. We have been to Mexico many times, first time in DR. Bahia Punta was beautiful, clean, large room, better buffet food than usual found in carribean. Most staff very attentive. You do have to go to the bar for your drinks at beach and pool and you can ask for more Rum in your drinks if you like. Johnie Walker Red was included and was great. Very clean. they spray for mosquitoes every day. very few insects. Beautiful sand and water. Pool water cold at first. Night life after 11 in the market square. we did not leave resort. about an hour from airport. Language is a problem if you speak english but we managed. WONDERFUL, GREAT, WOULD GO AGAIN. HIGHLY RECCOMEND. ask for drink at restaurants called Mama Juana.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel My wife and I just returned from there Feb. 11/05. The hotel is divided into 4 areas: Punta Cana, Bavaro, Golden and Premier. We stayed in the Bavaro. The Hotel is a definite 5 star. We have traveled to other countries and this hotel surpassed the others we've been to. The food in the buffet was great, we went to the French, Italian, and Steak house for our a la carte's. The French restaurant we highly recommend. The staff at the hotel were great and friendly. If you know a little Spanish it will go a long way. We visited the city of Punta Cana to do some shopping. It was a $10 taxi. There you can barter with clerks and pay about half price on any item. If you have any Canadian Memorabilia that you can fit in your bag, people will trade things with you. Bartenders will give you bottles of rum, clerks will trade you things in their store. We found that Canadian hats and shirts were most popular. We would go back again.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Calgary to the Bahia, a little piece of heaven       Lobby  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ChubbieBubbie
<Content>Food keeps it from being 5 star Just spent a week at the Bahia. The place is beautiful - clean and very well kept. Slipped the desk clerk $20 and got a room in Villa #14 with terrace overlooking Flamboyan and Hacienda pools. It is in the middle of the resort and easy walk to the beach and main house. Hacienda pool closed the day after we got there for repairs however making the Flamboyan pool a little crowded. Not too many people actually go in the pool though since it's quite cold. Buffet food was okay, you won't go hungry especially if you will try unfamiliar food (the goat stew was delicious). Tried the French, Italian and Japanese restaurants. All very good. Had reserved at the Mexican but was advised to switch by some people who had eaten there. Ate lunch at the snack bar for the most part but also tried the lunch buffet at the fish restaurant. Shows were repeticious. Same kind of show every night with a different theme. Overall, we had a very enjoyable, relaxing vacation.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Blast! My woman and I stayed at the BP-PC from February 9-16. We had our share of problems from Apple but the resort was nice. For our first time being out of the country, it was an eye opener. The country is so different from the U.S. but it is nice for a change. We had to tip everyday to get water in which we still never got more than 4 bottles per day. Bartenders had to work non-stop and they could have used some improvement there. You would have to wait 15 minutes for a drink but when you whipped out $5 amazingly you were first in line. The front desk and Guest Services basically did nothing for us help wise, the Jacuzzi tub was broke in our room and A/C didn't work well. What makes this place special is the people you meet and the culture. Everyone who works there are just hilarious and most of the people you meet are nice. I have advice if you are going to do any excursions: Make sure when you are waiting for your shuttle, your vacation rep knows you are there on time. We got ripped off by the marinarium saying we were absent when they came to pick us up. When in all reality, we were there 35 minutes early and they never showed. Apple then would not refund the money but then finally settled on letting us go the next day. We also did the Kon-Tiki Party boat which was an absolute blast. I recommend doing that. Also, when you hit the pool in the afternoon, just move towels. They say that you cannot reserve chairs but a lot of people do. Eventually we realized this and sat where we wanted to and moved people's towels. There were like 400 chairs, 200 people at the pool, and about 15 people walking around but yet, every chair was taken with a towel. We had a lot of so much fun, especially with Cam and Nadine, sorry we missed you the last night, we drank too much Mamaijuana!!!! Take small bills with you too, it's a huge pain to get change. Other than that, everything was perfect.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Resort If you want to party, get loaded, go out, pick up, go nuts....well go elsewhere. If your're on a relaxing vacation and want chill....this is the place to be. Theres still plenty of activities throughout the day like beach volleyball, waterpolo, soccer, beach soccer, tennis, and so on. And in the evening theres a night club on the resort and a casino. About the food....I cant beleive anybody would say anything bad about the food. Anyone who writes the food is average has an average brain. The food is excellent. There's tonnes of choice. If you dont like the amazing buffet with oxtail, rabbit, chicken, pork, beef, pastas, even crappy food like hamburgers and hotdogs, well then go have a rib eye at the steak a la carte restaurant or eat at the Japanese restaurant or the Italian one or maybe the Mexican or French restaraunts. The resort is extremely clean and well maintained. Remember people... this is a tropical paradise, there will be little critters and mosquitos here and there but no more than you have in your basement at home. So if you dont like mosquitos and lizards and centipedes, which by the way I barely saw, go visit the eskimos in North Canada. You wont find them there.I would have given the resort 5 orange circles, but the entertainment was sub par and yes, check-in is a little unorganized. Man did ever hate the topless girls, i could never stand up.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1840
<Content>Would go back again       WEDDING GAZEBO  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go and Experience! We just returned on the 10th of February from the wonderful resort. Very beautiful and very clean. For 1st time visitors like us, we did not really know what to expect. I was only looking for clean, comfortable and a fantastic beach with lots of drinks. I got every single request and then some.BEST THINGSBEACH, DRINKS, HOTEL, CAPITAN COOKS RESTAURANT!!!!THINGS TO IMPROVE ONENGLISH BARRIER, FRIENDLINESS OF STAFF, FOOD QUALITYWould I go back again? You bet I would in a second!Have fun!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than Secrets Have been to Secrets Excellence and Bahia Principe. Aside from the Bahia not being a couples only resort, it beat Secrets in service and food. We never had an issue with our room or mini bar as long as we left a note and tip. You should expect to tip, if nothing else so the staff can get extra money. Look at how poverty stricken this country is.  The beach was not as pretty as at Secrets, but I don't believe there is a bad beach on the island. Secrets had more palm groves surrounding it and seemed to be out of Jurrasic Park. Bahia is on the open end of the island. We had much wind and a couple days of rain, but its to be expected since it was January. Bahia staff was much more helpful than at Secrets. They wanted to please their guests. I would recommend the Bahia and would consider going back. If you are visiting resorts like this you should not expect them to be like the Hilton or the Marriott.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Most Beautiful Resort We Ever Stayed At My husband and I came back from the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana on February 5th 2005.  I have to say that the way people descirbed it did not prepare me for how beautiful this resort is. We stayed at a Sandals in Ocho Rios in Jamaica for our honeymoon and this resort was far more beautiful and well taken care of.  When you get there, you see the huge and elaberate lobbyand nothing will prepare you for all of the marble you will be experiencing on this vacation. Not only is this a huge gorgeous lobby, but as the vacation wears on, you will find there is a mirror image of it and all of the resaurants in it on the other side. Maginificant. We got a welcome drink which was nice.  You will then be showed to your room very quickly I might add by a cart which takes your suite cases. You will be very impressed when you see the rooms. They are huge, by far the largest room we have ever had on vacation especially for the money we paid. By the way the best advice i got from this site is to leave a card in the air conditioner slot so it stays on. Then your air conditionor will always stay on.  To contrdict all of those gold club bashers we found it VERY ADVANTAGEOUS to be a gold club member. We were not going to pay more for it, but we found a package that was the same price as the regular trip and we took that opportunity. Well worth it.  We loved the gold club room and in gold club, everyone speaks english and they do so very well. We did use the internet, it was shorter to check in and we were one of the first buses at the air port leaving punta cana and did not have to wait as long which is a definite bonus on vacation. Here isthe main reason why we enjoyed being gold club members:  The reason we are not going to give this resort a 5 star rating is because of the problems we experienced with our room. Although spectecular to look at there were a few things wrong with it:   When we booked it we asked for second floor beach view and got first floor view of nothing but we were not going to complain. On further examination we noticed the bathroom door did not lock, the air conditioning did not work well, the bathtub did not plug for the jacuzzi to work and our TVs were out. We found out a lot of people in our gold club villa 24 rooms did not have good tv either which ----- because on our afternoon siesta on vacation we love to watch mtv and hbo.   We went to main recpetion and got told the problem would be fixed the next day and that they were sending someone to look at our room. We decided to go to gold club with the concern and immediately received one of the only beach front/beachview second floor rooms which we absolutely LOVED! Also, gold club booked an extra reservation for us (on top of our 4) for the japonese restaurant because of the problems that we were having.   Which brings me to the topic of food:  The buffet restaurant was average. Your run of the mill vacation buffet not great but certainly not bad. Lots of selection sometning for everyone to eat. I've seen better and I've seen worse we have been to Puerto Plata, Cayo Coco, Acapolco and Jamaica and it was definitely comparable to most of these buffets. ONe thing that was awesome was that you could eat at any of the buffets including all of the beach grills during lunch. If that is not enough for you then WHAT IS???? The beach grills were awesome. For all of you rib fans out there, they serve pork back ribs that are great! The chicken is very high quality and they use white meat - yum. The dining restaurants were AMAZING! We ate at the French which was excellent 5 stars all the way beautiful restaurant better than sandals, comparable to any nice meal you would eat at home. My husband ate lobster thermador which is the only place to get lobster btw. The Mexican had great nachos and guacamole and we came in there late one night without a reseveration and got a table anyways. It was dead. The italian was ok. The pizza was good. Don't order pasta. My husband hated it. ONly complaint with the food. (He's actually a picky eater). The buffet appetizers were unbelievable. GReat Carpaccio, anti pasto and cheese. The japonese was by far the best resaurant if you are looking for something special save it for your last night. I heard the fish place was not good. AMAZING FRIED ICE CREAM AT THE JAPANESE. Another advantage to club golden is that there are really 2 japonese and french restaurants which share the same kitchen. One has nicer service and thats the one club golden go to definite bonus. Good desserts at all of the restaurants in general. Great vacation if you are looking to gain weight (which we weren't but probably did) When we had to pack/unpack we ordered in room service and got the continental breakfast which was good. The coffee is good too. Room service is pretty fast. Loved having a fridge in the room. Drinks were great: I would recommend: coco loco, bahama mama, miama vice, mamajuana, mohito. The best bar is the beach bar.  We are beach lovers and loved the beach lots of waves, gorgeous saphire blue water, white sand and not to mention a huge beach strip with a market on either side. The market on the right side altough a longer walk (40 minutes so be prepared to get some excercise) has better deals and nicer staff. Also, if you head down this way, you can check out all of the other resorts and be thankful of where you are staying. Our resort was by far the most beautiful to look at. The current in the water is strong and you will tend to be pulled to the right by the current if you are not standing.  The pools are awesome but cold to swim in and the jacuzzis outdoor are not heated. Two other small beefs: we ordered the cart for our suit cases 4 times and they still got it wrong! We asked them to come at 10:30 and called at 10:30 to be told it would be anther 1/2 hour. I called again and then she said 5 minutes. There is a language barrier. But what do you expect you are in another country its an opportuntiy to learn spanish, which we did. The $35 safes are not worth it. It is probably safer to bring your stuff to the beach or pool in a bag in a wallet. It is VERY safe to leave your stuff its a 1500 person resort and no vacationer would steal from you and no one on the beach would either.  If you are looking for a snorkeling trip go with the scuba on the beach for $25 if you are looking for a cheap trip.  Great time. Beautiful place. Hope this helps.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AWESOME!!! Really nice, increddible service, immaculate rooms, did I mention the service is outstanding, great food, excellent drinks, did I mention the great service.  Our family of 5 (2 adults, 3 offspring 15, 13, 10) just returned from a week at the bahia principe, punta cana. {jan 30 to feb 6}. we all had a fabulous time. The usual reports are below...  hotel - huge! new, some parts are about 7 minutes from the beach. There is still some construction happenning and some landscaping being tended to however none of it interrupts guest activities. The resort is divided into 3 hotel complexes with access to all facilities and resturants. We stayed in the Club Priemer which is at the back of the resort. At first we were sceptical, however there are huge benefits of being in this section. a very quite pool, your own bars, snack bar, resturant, lounge and reception desk. We waited for nothing. This is the best of both worlds, privacy and access to everything else when you want it.  size- be prepared to walk or ride the numerous shuttles to the beach. The wait for a lift is never very long and can be quite entertaining. Please don't try to jump off while moving!!!  food- we had read that the food was the same and fried all the time. That is not our opinion. Wide selection, especially compared to other resorts in the dr (we have been to 4). The breads were great and always fresh, the chocolate was to die for. Eat in the Cafe de Pairs' - The best meal we have had in a long time. Everything was great and we tried everything. The seafood is neither here nor there and the japanesse was ok. Snacks bars offer the same food all over the resort so if you want variety go to the various buffets. We were not sick at all and knew of no one who was.  Rooms - are very large, clean and well kept. They did have a bit of a smell that I think is from the plaster??? Take a scented candle or air freshener. Mini bars are seviced every day and you can ask for more which will be delivered to your room in reasonable time. The showers are exactly what you have read previous. Use towels on the floors.  beach- very windy and rough, could be this time of year. Lots of room and always a lounger. Pools are huge and well maintained. Ours was never busy, but the others (5) were jammed some days. Swim up bars at all.  Service- We cannot express enough how great the service was.  We have very little spanish skills and made out just fine. It was embarrasing how attentive the staff were to our needs, wants. All resturants and bars have at least one employee who speaks english so really there is no problem at all. At club premier we would like to thank Wilson and Erika in the lobby bar who were great with kids. the two Rafels (one morning/ one at night) in the buffet and pablo who is very friendly and helpfull. The pool bar, Arileis and Ramon were the best, they knew what we wanted and never let the glass empty. If you come across these folks you will be well tended to.  activies - there were lots but we did not participate in many as they happen down at the beach and beach pool which is the happening place and can be very crowded.  Overall a great place to go and comes highly recommended by this family of 5. We are planning our return.   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bullitt08
<Content>Not a 5 star - Jan 29 -Feb 5 We just returned from a week at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana. The resort is huge, about 1500 rooms, but it is nice and clean. We found the food, drinks and service inconsistent. The food in the buffet was ordinary, sometimes warm sometimes not. We went to several different buffet restaurants and preferred the main one off the lobby. There was usually something there that suited all tastes but is was just basic food, nothing fancy. The maid service was also inconsistent, you never knew when it was going to be done and if you were going to get towels or face clothes. The fridge was filled by a different person and sometimes you received extra water and beer but again you just could not count on it. We left a note several days along with a tip and it did not make a difference. The staff are for the most part friendly but language is a barrier.  The beach is beautiful but it was very windy every day plus we had rain two days.  We have been to the Mayan Riviera in Mexico and stayed at a real 5 star hotel and this does not compare.  There were 4 in our group and I was the only one that got sick but it lasted a few days. We did not see any mosquitos at all but had taken the pills just in case. All in all, the resort was nice but over rated. We did expect better food and service.  One last note, be very careful walking in the lobby. We saw several people trip on the stairs, they are very difficult to see especially at night.   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OUTSTANDING in every way! I would just like to start by saying that my husband and I have been to 4 all inclusives (all being 4 to 5 stars), this one being the second in Punta Cana, and this one was the BEST yet. The grounds were absolutely beautiful and extremely clean. There was always staff cleaning. And it was HUGE - its true about the tram that takes you from the lobby to the beach, excellent service. But it is only about a 10 minute walk, which is not bad at all. The food was the best we've had yet - lots of variety and the restaurants were very open and gorgeous (take some time to look around at the surroundings). We thought they were all great that we ate in: French, Japanese, Grill, Mexican. The French was the most gourmet. Its hard to say the best - it all depends on what your favorite cuisine is. The house wine was not bad - but if you want to buy a bottle of wine with dinner, just ask for a menu and there are some really good wines on there for like 12 to 15 dollars (cheap). You can do this at every restaurant including the buffet. I have read alot of the reviews from this hotel - and don't know what people are talking about with the drinks. They are excellent and if you want more alcohol, just ask, even though must of the time I found them on the strong side. Favorites: Coco Loco, Miami Vice, Dirty Monkey, Whiskey Sour and yes they do have Ceasars. Ask the bartenders to make you a special drink, its usually very good and strong. The staff were very friendly, it defiantely helps to know alittle spanish. The bartenders were fun, go back to the same bar and they get to know you very quickly. The pool swim up bar bartenders in the main pool by the beach were awesome, we had a good time with them, even though they know little english and us little spanish. (Favorites: Nilson and Emilano) The waiters and bartenders greatly appreciate your tips, as well. The beach was alittle wavy (probably for some people) but swimming in the waves is the funnest part of swimming in the ocean. For tours, we did the Bavaro Runners - excellent, you see the country side, how Dominican people live, the sugar cane fields, cigar factory, and you can swim at a beautiful beach. Our guide was awesome (Mimi) - if you get him you'll have a great time for sure. We also did the ATV tour, that was so much fun. And how could I forgot the rooms, beautiful marble, clean and comfortable beds, the jucazzi tubs were awesome. Oh yah I forgot the check in and check out, which our patience has been tried at other resorts, was an absolute breeze here. I could go on and on about this resort (as you could probaby tell), if I had to rack my brain about the not so good things, they are so minor compared to ALL the wonderful points, that I am not even going to bother to mention. If you are going there, I am very jealous. Have a GREAT time, I know you will.   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WE LOVED THE BAHIA PRINCIPE We just returned from the Bahia on February 5, 2005 and read two reviews from the same time frame. I can't believe that we were at the same resort as the people from Lethbridge and Calgary. Maybe you haven't done a lot of all inclusive travelling, but we have. We booked last minute and also took great advantage of this website. We had read that Club Golden wasn't worth it, so we chose not to add $ on to our price. If you look at the pictures in any of the brochures you can easily see that not many rooms would have an ocean view. Our room was towards the back of the resort, near the lobby. Rooms were very spacious with fantastic bathrooms. I agree that the room had a bit of a musty smell, but when we used the air conditioning it helped. Maybe next trip we will take a room deoderizer with us. Service for us was almost overkill. We arrived late in the evening and had trouble with the air conditioning. We had service people at our room at 1:00 a.m. and 2:a.m. and again the next morning to make sure everything was okay. We were on the ground floor and our patio door didn't lock. I called before breakfast to let them know and it was fixed when we returned from breakfast. There was one day when we didn't get enough towels. I called and when we returned from the beach that afternoon there were more towels than we needed. We found the food to be excellent. Buffets everywhere and everything wasn't fried. There was barbecued chicken at almost every buffet, fish, pasta, salads, fresh fruit, breads, cheeses and desserts. Even the beef wasn't bad. We tried three alacarte restaurants. The mexican was just okay as the Spanish buffet the next night was better. Japanese was great. you start off with sushi and tempura and then the dinner is cooked in front of you which was fun to watch. French was outstanding. French onion soup was great, my sister had the country pate which was excellent and we all had the Lobster Thermidor which was to die for. The seafood buffet night was also fantastic. We are well travelled people and I had been very ill at the RIU Bambu several years ago and had to go to the hospital at the RIU, so, as far as medication goes, we are always well prepared. We have had Hep A shots and did decide to take the malaria pills, (I got three bites, and didn't worry about it). I also brought Cipro along from my doctor as this is far better than Imodium and will shut down any tummy trouble immediately. It may sound like overkill, but you want to have a great holiday!SHOPPING - anyone that has travelled to the south should know that if you didn't bring it with you, (suntan lotion, tampons, shaving kit, aspirin, essential clothing), you will pay a fortune for it. Shopping at the beach market was a riot. My sister and I perfected our bartering routine, (our husbands didn't want to know us), and bought some really nice jewelery. The only staff we found to be indifferent were the front desk. Yes checking in was a nightmare, but after a day of travelling and many line ups we are sick of it. A good nights sleep always help for the first full day. We got to the beach between and 8:00 and 8:30 a.m. to reserve our chairs and then went to breakfast. Putting your towels on chairs as early as possible is a fact of life at all inclusives. Also, the trolley service which runs up and down the middle of the hotel from 6:00 .m. to 3:00 a.m. was fantastic. We are tippers, even though it is supposed to be included. The waitresses at the lobby bar got to know us and my brother-in-law had his Margaritas perfected after a couple of days. A U.S. dollar here and there goes a long way! We have seldom experienced really great entertainment at all inclusives so we opted to stay at the lobby bar and play cards after dinner, which was much more fun. We highly recommend this resort!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Glorious vacation Having read the many reviews before going, which, by the way, were very helpful, we were prepared to have a good time. From the check-in to check out the people were warm, friendly and enjoyed our meager attempts to use their language. We found the buffet to be large, varied and, certainly, something for everyone. Food in the snack bars by the beach was good and plentiful. The specialty restaurants were a far cry from gourmet food american-style, but were fun and adequate. This place is large and we walked everywhere which gave us the extra exercise we needed to counter the endless food availability. The beach is beautiful and stretches long distances in both directions. This resort is brand new and the rooms were large, each with a balcony and tile everywhere. It doesn't seem like lots of people tip the help. We did and seemed to get good mini-bar service and friendly greetings at the bars.All in all, it was terrific and I would definitely consider returning some time.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Who determined this as a 5-star resort? We returned February 1, having spent 8 days, 7 nights at Bahia Principe Punta Cana. Disappointment does not begin to describe this operation. The travel company we used told us we would have about a 20 minute ride to the hotel. It is actually about 45 minutes. As with most tropical islands, the living and working conditions of the locals appear to be desperate. Right up to the gates of the resort, which had gates and a guard, there were abvious indications of abject poverty.Immediately upon entering the gates, we were transported into a fairy land. The grounds, though in landscaping infancy, are beautiful. This is a new hotel, so that was expected. Our welcome was fine, our room was ready, and we were immediately whisked to our room by one of the bellmen. The room,was a junior suite in hotel-speak, because it had a couch in it. We were on the ground floor, so we had a small patio, which we used a lot for reading and playing cards. We had to stay inside somewhere most of the time, because we had cloudy, blustery and rainy days. This is uncomfortable in any location.The hotel is not well-run. We found one housekeeping staff person who could understand a little English - just a little. The staff in the dining rooms could not speak or understand English. The personnel at the front desk also could not understand English. We found no one who worked in their loosely described shopping center who knew English. About the only time you were reasonably certain you could interact with someone was if you visited Public Relations or Tour Services. Because of this inability to interact with someone, there were many places to eat of which we were unaware, because the little booklet they hand out to you did not state the correct facts.Everything was relatively clean. A major problem, however, was that we never knew when to expect the maid. One morning she wanted to come in at about 8 am. On another day, my husband went looking for her at 5 pm. The rest of the times were more or less hit of miss. I realize there is a window, because the rooms of departing guests must be readied for new arrivals. On those heavy turnover days there should be more help. Guests should not have to wait an entire day to have rooms cleaned.The food was mediocre, at best. Most of it was overcooked or hardly cooked. Take your choice. I had pancakes with liquid batter in the middle, waffles filled with semi-liquid batter and eggs that were cooked crusty brown on both sides. The fruit was terrible. None of it was ever ripe, and I do mean absolutely none. There was one. Mangos were so ripe that they were like a thin pudding. The food at the open air eateries and on the buffet line inside some of the larger restaurants almost always had green bottle flies and other assorted insects crawling on it. When we pointed this out to the staff, they just shooed them away. Well, that is a big hooray!We had been told not to drink the water, which we did not do. So I can only assume my food made me ill. About 5 hours after returning from dinner at the seafood restaurant, I became violently ill. After about 3 hours of vomiting and diarrhea, my husband called the hotel doctor. He came immediately, was very solicitous, and he gave me a shot to control my nausea, shaking and hyperventilating. He then called an ambulance to take me to the hospital so I could be administered fluids with an IV drip. I won't say anything else about that.This is a beautiful facility, but the developers did not practice due diligence when it was opened. Everything is in place for a 5-star hotel. Beautiful pools, beautiful beach, great weather, ambience - all these and more. They need to conduct some English classes, because English is the universal language - sorry, but that is true. They need better supervision of employees, because guests expect to be well treated. At Bahia Principe that is not the case.Will we go back? Never ever. Would we ever recommend it? Well, would you?  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disappointed. Just got back on Friday @4:30 AM. I must say this trip was a big dissapointment. Sunquest advertises this resort as having ocean view, it may have 2 rooms with a view of the ocean in the whole resort. Those belong to club golden, not the hacienda club that is used by sunquest. 6 of us travelling together, the only request that we had was to be in the same building on an upper floor. This request was sent to the resort ahead of time. When we arrived on the 20th of Jan we were in 3 different buildings, and none of us on the upper level. It took 4 days of fighting and argueing to get us located together, never on the same floor. the people are not at all helpful and the sunquest reps have their hands tied. Food was o.k. service was non-existant. The main pool area (on a good day) had two waiters, it took them any where from 15 to 30 minutes to return with your drink. No food allowed out of the restaraunt area. Music was played only when there was an activity (aerobics, dance lesson etc.) aside from that very quite. Lots of topless women old and young (kind of nasty). Nowhere to get snacks (candy, chocolate, peanuts) unless you had $5.00 u.s for a bag of 15 gummy fruit. Tampax $18.00 for 10, and drinks in the casino are not free. Rooms and restaraunts (ground floors) have a very strong musty smell(most unpleasant). They spray the mosquitos on a regular basis, usually around dinner time when everyone is sitting in the open air lounge (huge plume of white smoke being blown out of some contraption in the back of a truck) I am sure this is good for you! Service roads on outer end of property very noisy vehicles are driven up and down them all night long. Weather is cool, lots of wind, rain and cloud.I did not believe some of the reviews I had read on this site before going, but if you are used to Mexico do not go here you will be very dissapointed.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Resort! Great Fun! We were there Jan. 26th- Feb. 2. The resort is wonderful! Weather was sunny and beautiful with a pleasant breeze. We are not normally beach resort people and were concerned we would enjoy this type of trip. Our only regret is that we didn't book 2 weeks, the 8 days went to fast! Airport Arrival: At the airport go directly to the bus area there are booths set up for each travel company look for yours and they will take care of you. Hotel Arrival: We got there at 4:30pm and had no waiting our room was available immediately. We asked for 2nd or 3rd floor and got it easily. We were in building 3 and found the location to be good. It is close to the loby, shopping, entertainment, spa, gym, 2 inland pools and most restaurants... They then instruct you to go to guest services to set up your 3 ala carte meals. Do this immediately to get the time you want, because dinner starts at 7 and goes till 11pm.Rooms: Beautiful and spacious, The bath was marble and we did not find the glass partition to be a problem at all. The mini bar was filled daily, we left a note and $1 a day asking for 6 waters a day instead of the normal 4- 20 ouncers. We always had enough water. We also bought make up at the $1 store and left it and $1 a day for the maid.Food: The main buffet was really nice with lots of options. We chose Japanese, Mexican and Italian as our ala carte options and they were all great! We are pretty picky eaters and were pleasently surprised! You can eat lunch in any of the specialty restraunts which most people don't know, so they are not very crowded for lunch. They also have a nice beach grill to the left of the main beach pool that most people didn't know about with some more options than the main pool snack bar. The main snack bar has great ice cream that we indulged in daily.Pools: We loved the main beach pool and chose that as our daily place to go. It has 4 guys that run beach and pool activities there and they make it so fun with lots going on from music, dance lessons, water polo, Bingo Bongo, daily spanish lessons, relay races etc... All 3 pools had swim up bars and the drinks were good. They will make your drinks stronger if you ask or will give you extra shots, so you really can't go wrong there. The red wine was not that good but everything else seemed to be. We drank the resort drink called the Bahia Principe it was very good. We also loved their drink called Mana Juana known as their viagra!Beach: Had a nice breeze, very refreshing, soft sand, and we loved that the beach vendors were restricted to a certain area. It was nice not having to worry about being hasseled while on the beach. You had to walk a little way down to the left of the beach to go see their wares. They do expect you to haggle, just offer 1/3 of what they ask. If they say no, start to walk and they will give you the bargain. Entertainment: Was great! They had a different theme and show for each night. Some nights were dance shows with a little comedy built in, others theatrical and still others had a lot of audience participation... After the nightly entertainment at 11pm you can then go to the Pueblo Principe which is and outside stage area with a disco, casino, a hamburger place, bar, and some stores for shopping. The House band is pretty good! The Disco opens at 12pm. It opens earlier if raining. It is a fun experience! The shopping at the Pueblo Principe has mainly set prices but very reasonable. Malaria scare: We chose not to take anything and wore long sleeved shirts, closed toe shoes and long pants for night. We sprayed all exposed skin with bug spray, but really didn't see or feel any bugs. We only saw 2 mosquitoes all week but neighter of us got bit. I think the breeze at night makes it difficult for them to fly.Sickness: We ate everything but fruit unless we peeled it and didn't have any problems. I took the recommended 8 Pepto Bismol a day to prevent travelers diarrhea because I tend to get sick easy. My husband didn't take anything and was fine. We also drank the water it's all filtered and safe for drinking except in the rooms.Language barrier:We did not find it to be a problem to get what we wanted. They do mainly speak Spanish. They can usually understand enough English to help you.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Impressed ! From Dave and Angie in Calgary We arrived in the Dominican Republic on January 27th to spend 1 week with my brother and his wife who were spending 2 weeks celebrating their wedding anniversary. TOTAL DISAPPOINTMENT !!!Starting with the flight....we left Calgary at 9:00 am and arrived Punta Cana at 9:30 pm. Heaven forbid you are a plump person or someone with long legs. Air Transat definately does not care about the passengers comfort. Once we arrived at the Hotel we we taken to a private check-in for Club Golden guests. What a joke! It took longer than if we were a regular guest using the main lobby check in. Then to boot, they put our luggage on the cart but there was no room for us to sit so we had to wait for the next bus. Spending the extra money for Club Golden is a definate waste. The only perk is that you are a little closer to the beach.Food - Not bad but everything is deep fried and very fishy. No grilling or bar-b-ques which was very disappointing. If you like cold eggs try the restaurant located near the beach bar. Otherwise, you had to take a bus up to the main lobby which wasn't too bad.Entertainment - Huh....if you can call it that! Very cheesy!Drinks - Very watered down. Also, very surprised that a 5* hotel did not have Vodka, Clamato or bloody mary's. The day we left they managed to scrounge up some vodka and Clamato but when we ordered another round were told that they don't have any.Safety Deposit Box - We decided not to pay the $35.00 US per week (surprised it wasn't included) and ended up having $20.00 US stolen from my purse which was in my luggage in our room. But after talking to another guest who had $700.00 cash stolen from their safety deposit box we figured we got off lucky. They were told by the front desk that there was nothing they could do about it.Shopping - Don't bother - very expensive! Heaven forbid you should run out of suntan lotion. We went up to hotel store to buy a tube of suntan lotion and they wanted $27.00 US for a tube - HIGHWAY ROBBERY!Rooms - Very nice but it was a surprise every day as to if you were going to get enough towels, or even get a face cloth, soap or coffee. Mini bar also was not replenished every day. Money - No sense in bringing any Canadian bills or Travellers cheques as they won't cash them at the front desk and the lady at the front desk needs some lessons at charm school.Beach - The beach and pool areas were nice but lots of glass and garbage on the beach. If you plan on using the free kayaks, windsurfers or paddle boats, forget it. It is very windy and very choppy this time of year and not many people in the water. Overall, the hotel needs alot of improvement to meet a 5* standard. We give the Bahia Principe Club Golden a 3.5* rating and have no plans of ever returning.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>herewecome
<Content>Wonderful resort Wonderful time!!!! We just returned , we were there from Jan. 26 thru Jan 30. We had a blast!!Rooms: they were beautiful, roomy, very clean. Bathrooms were nice lots of marble and a whirlpool tub! Mini fridge was filled with beer, pop and water (just leave a small tip with a note and they will give you exactly what you want) Rooms were cleaned daily, but not always at the same time. Sometimes in the morning and sometimes late afternoon...Very friendly help!Food: Well there is plenty of it! We really enjoyed the Ala-carte rest. We went to the janpaneese and the mexican. They were both very good, but the japaneese was by far our Favorite(very good) The buffet on the other hand took some getting use to. We did adjust, the food was definatly different then what we are used to (Goat stew for example) But we did find our favorites. For lunch the snack bar by the pool was good! We made our own grilled cheeses. Breakfast buffett was very good!!! We went to the main buffet for the made to order eggs.......Beach: What a beach, we LOVED it!!! We spent very little time at the pools be cause we enjoyed the beach. Some people were complaning abot the wind.. I found it refreshing, kept us cool!! There were plenty of chairs. The sand was was soft. BEAUTIFUL BEACH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Over all apperarqnce: This place was beautiful. Very clean. It is a Large resort but there are little trolleys taken you back and forth . there are bus stops thru the resort.The help: We had no problems . Every one was very helpful. the language barrier did little to inter with our vacation. We always fiured out what was going on with our LITTLE bit of spanish and there english, it was ok.We met alot of interesting people there. People from all over the world, lots of Europeans. lots of Candians. This made for an interesting time, We enjoyed the diversity.The shopping: This was lacking there was not a whole lot of interesting shops... Would have enjoyed more of this!Bugs: We did see mosq. We got a few bites , bring bug spray, you will need it in the evenings!Have fun !!!!! We did!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>magoyer
<Content>A very nice 4 Star       bahia principe punta cana beach  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Golden is more like bronze This resort does not know what 5 star means! We stayed club golden from Jan 8 to Jan 22 and had an awful time (not worth the money). I had read a lot of these reviews before we went and could not believe how many came true when we were there.Checking in confusing, no one there to tell club golden people to go to a different office, farther away from resort, to check in and language was a major problem. Room was not ready either.We took wedding package, which took 3 separate days to the office to get the free bottle of rum in our room and the bottle was so tiny, it was insulting.Rooms looked nice but had issues. We had two lights with blown blubs the day we checked in. There were black centipeds that crawled on the floor every morning and night as we were on the ground floor, and we even had a lizard crawl in one day. The tile floor was always dirty with sand, even after being cleaned by maid. We came back from pool on our 3rd day to find the bathroom ceiling caving in from a water leak in the ceiling. Requested room change and denied at first. After a maintenance guy played for 2 hours in our bathroom with no fix, demanded room change again and finally got it. Moved to new room, 1 light had no light bulb. Shower design in rooms is unbelievable, a half wall of glass only, so water sprayed all over the floor when taking a shower. Mini bar was never fully re-stocked. I drank the juice on day 2 and it never got replaced, even after asking (and tipping $1 US) to mini bar guy. Privacy was a big problem, the maids would open the door as they knocked, so I got caught in undies 2 times and had to jump behind door once as I was naked coming out of shower. The secondary lock on inside of door was useless as the maids swipe key opened both.The pools were so cold, it was hard to get in them, the ocean was warmer then the pool most days. I can't believe a 5 star resort does not heat pools. Also 1 pool closed for a week (all dug up) so other pools were overcrowded as a result. It was very hard to get a lounge chair anywhere, unless you came out and put towels on them at 8:00 in the morning (which was not allowed according to the resort rule book, although everyone did it anyway).The food in the a la cartes was good overall (grill and mexican excellent, gourmet good, japanese and seafood OK but not great, italian was terrible). The buffet food was just not good. The oil they cook with has a weird taste, so everything (meat or veg) seems to taste the same. There was a large selection each day and theme changed, but taste didn't. Also, 1st week we got bacon for breakfast, but on 2nd week it seemed to be gone (bacon was really good). The pizza everywhere was just not that good (who puts peas and corn on pizza? Gross).Shows at night were OK, but props cheap, sound hard to hear and acting so so. Disco was good. Casino was really busy.We even had a problem for Check-out. I went and got a our room bill printed the night before we left, it had 2 charges for 2 phone calls totaling over 100 pesos. The next morning at check-out, they printed our final bill, with the same 2 charges for the same 2 phone calls, but now totaling over 200 pesos. I showed the clerk the first bill and asked for an explanation. She simply said must have been a cumputer error and demanded the 200 pesos. What kind of business are they running?I would not recommend this resort to anyone, it is simply not worth it.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WOW Have just returned from a week at the Bahia Principe, Punta Cana..was with Air Transat Club Golden...check in done and keys handed out on the bus ride to the resort, so no need to go to the reception area..transport of luggage to the room took no more than 5 minutes. The room was great....flowers eveywhere and spotlessly clean..beach towels already in the room, and the drinks in the mini fridge already cold and ready for consumption!! Maid service outstanding...if you wanted the room cleaned by a specific time, there was a form in the room to fill out to require it. Pools were very clean...lounge chairs washed down daily in the morning (before the pools opened) Beach...well groomed, lots of lounge chairs Food....if you have been in the Dominican Republic or Mexico, you'll know that the oils and butters have a different taste...the food was fine, just flavoured differently because of this...lots of variety for the not-so-adventurous eater to the I'll try anything eater. Staff....outstanding....hola and a big smile goes a long wayWe have been in the D.R. 7 times in the last 3 years , staying at 4 to 5 star resorts. This resort was by far the best. There was always something going on for those who wished to participate in activities. The shows at night always began with audience participation, which happens at every resort, than continued on with other entertainment. After the shows, you could carry on to the Pueblo Principe, where the would be dancing to meringue or bachata music etc. If you wished to keep partying, you could then go to the disco....the animation team, who work from 10 AM to 3AM, were always up for it.....excellent staff. I would come back hear in a flash, and intend to in the fall.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bagago
<Content>Great Vacation/good value/not 5 stars       resort is huge  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful property; incredible value Date: January 30, 2005Trip Advisor User. Washington, DC area.We returned yesterday from five days at the Bahia Principe. The Trip Advisor reviews were extremely helpful to us in selecting a hotel, so we hope we can contribute something. The reviews were also really useful in teaching us the ropes before we got there, saving us lots of time and frustration.Some perspective: We have traveled widely in the US, the Caribbean and around the world on business and on vacation. We have stayed at Ritz Carltons, Motel 6s and everything in between. We have, however, only stayed at a few all-inclusives, including Club Med (Turks  Caicos, Tahiti) and Breezes (Curacao). We traveled wtih our 7 and 4 year old sons, who are experienced travelers.Bottom Line: The Bahia Principe is a very good hotel, and a terrific value. Overall rating: 5 stars. Although most of the other reviews are also 4 or 5 stars, I would be grateful -- for future reference -- if the past and future revieweres who were disappointed would provide specific examples of better hotels than the Bahia Principe (in a similar category). We want to go to those hotels.Hotel: The property is magnificent. The grounds are beautiful. The lobby is huge, tasteful, and very impressive. The lobby bathrooms are worthy of the classiest hotels in the world. A solid 5 stars.Accommodations: Our room was excellent. There was plenty of room for the 4 of us. The A/C worked fine. The mini-bar was stocked each afternoon. Simply leave a note (preferably in Spanish) if you want extra water, or extra beer. The room was spotless. In fact, the whole property was spotless. We got extra towels and plenty of wash clothes (but we had to use our Spanish dictionary to ask for them). Our one tiny complaint was that there was not good light for reading at night. The bulbs are low wattage. As for the never-ending discussion regarding the shower, we simply put a towel on the floor and aimed the shower head toward the wall. Heck, in many places in Europe, the shower is wide open. Here at least there is a partial glass wall. 4.5 stars.Dining: The main dining hall is elegant, with lots of marble, an atrium, and plenty of room between the tables. The Mexican and Fish restaurants near the main pool are very pleasant. The latter restaurants are highly convenient for breakfast and lunch. No smoking is permitted in any of the restaurants, which is truly a blessing in a resort that caters to so many Europeans and South Americans (not to mention US and Canadian smokers). The service is friendly and efficient. If you are not careful, they will remove your plate before you are finished -- which is not so bad, since you can simply get more food. The food was plentiful and varied. It is not what the serve in the US and Canada, however. If you want regular US food, go to Orlando (actually, the food at Disney World is terrible) or TGI Fridays. Try a little bit of everything, focus on what is freshly prepared, and stick with what you like. Our kids ate well, eating the usual pizza and pasta dishes, while trying at least one or two new things at each meal. The problem with the food is that they are not using relatively low quality beef and chicken. For what you are paying, this should hardly be a surprise. There were lots of varieties of local fish, and some (e.g. whole red snapper at the carving station) were very good. None of us got sick (and I have a really sensitive stomach). We did avoid uncooked vegetables and salad. The overall rating for dining: 3 stars for the food, 5 stars for the dining halls.Weather: The weather was mediocre. The first three days were overcast and breezy/windy almost all day, with a break of sun late in the afternoon. The last 2 days were mostly sunny and breezy. Having read all the reports about poor weather, it is hard to know if the fluky weather of 2004 - 2005 is to blame, or if the weather in Punta Cana in the winter is just not that great. Hopefully, some folks who have visited Punta Cana for many years can comment on this. All in all, I would have expected better weather, and will review the weather very carefully before returning to Punta Cana. We give the weather 2 stars.Beach and Ocean: The beach stretches forever, and is at least 200 meters deep in many places. By contrast with many countries, no one is permitted to (aggressively) peddle their goods while you are trying to relax. We were almost always able to find two chairs and a palapa. The ocean (and I believe it is the Atlantic Ocean, not the Caribbean) was a bit rough and not all that inviting. The waves did not break in an even pattern, so you could not simply wade out 50 feet, and bob up and down on the swells. There was also a fair amount of silt, and some floating seaweedPools: There are 3 huge pools, each is beautiful (colorful blue tile), and there is plenty of room to swim. The water is surprisingly cool (probably because the pool is not heated and the sun rarely came out). The pool at the beach has the most activity -- moderately noisy because of the thumping music, but not a whole lot of participation. (Note to Hotel: Your audience appears to prefer to read than participate in the games. Limit the games at the pool to a few hours each day. Keep it peaceful the rest of the time.) BTW: The pool away from the beach has been fully repaired (they worked 12 hours a day to get it done). Our rating: 4 stars.Children's Mini-Club: Our kids went every day. There were usually about 7 - 9 kids total, of all nationalities. They have a spacious building dedicated to the mini-club. There are 3 counselors, and two work each day. Isabel and Liliana were wonderful with the kids. We would recommend the kids club for ages 5 - 7. Be warned that there is a long waiting around time during the a.m. opening and p.m. closing, where the kids play gentle video games. We were not too excited about this, but they also played mini-golf, pool games and beach games. In the evening, before the shows, they have a mini-disco for the kids, with some dancing and some silly games. Our kids loved this. Even if your kids don't want to participate, take them to watch. After a few days, they might well join in. Our rating: 4 stars.Service: We had no problems at all. High school Spanish plus a phrase book certainly helped. The staff who spoke some English really appreciate it when you try to speak Spanish. For the staff who spoke no English (the maids, some of the servers), the little bit of Spanish helped a lot. It is a fun cultural experience, and our kids learned some Spanish too. Our rating: 5 stars.Snorkeling: If anyone is an avid snorkeler (and we are pretty close to that), Punta Cana is not the place to go. There is very little coral. And the water (at least where we went) was really choppy with a pretty swift current. Our rating: 1 star.Mosquitos: I don't think we saw any. In fact, there were hardly any gnats or flies. Nonetheless, we dutifully took (and continue to take) our anti-malaria medication, which is no big deal.Recommendation: Go and enjoy. Keep an open mind, learn a few phrases in Spanish, try some new foods, and you will have a great time.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Un sueno hecho realidad! Hi! We stayed at Bahia-Principe January 10-17, 2005. It was my first time in Dominican Republic so I cannot compare it to other resorts. Checkin was fast, even though we had problems with keys--we were 3 people and had only 2 keys. However, whenever we forgot the keys inside, it was no problem to replace them at the front desk (about 3 times). Therefore, front desk service was very helpful. As far as entertainment, as a New Yorker I was first surprised at simplicity of the shows. The entertainment guys seemed rude and were wiknking at me and my friend. However, if you are friendly with them you will have fun. We tried to make the best of it and we did by getting involved in all the activities that were offered at the big pool (by the beach), at the show and at the disco. However, we were disappointed that the disco was only open 12-2. (2:30 on Fridays and Saturdays), so we had to go elsewhere afterwards. We did not get to do any water activities because the first 3 days it was very windy. Food--great selection, but make sure you make reservations to the restaurants (5) your first day because they did not have availability in some. Retaurants combine buffet with menu selections so there are plenty of choices. Decor was also spectacular. In my opinion, Japanese restaurant was good but not a true representation of Japanese food. They sat us at a Hibachi table and did not have sushi or Green Tea icecream...However, the chef looked like he was doing his best in preparing Chicken, Shrimp, Fish or Beef Teriyaki which was delicious. However, they ran out of sake:(French restaurant had delicious truffles and Italian had a selection of pasta. I did not like the steakhouse perhaps because the waiters were not helpful and some of them did not speak English and it took 2 hours for them to cook our order!Our rooms were cleaned daily and we had no other problems as far as overall service. Everyone was helpful especially if you ask them.I highly recommend this resort and cannot wait to go back!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort Just returned from Bahia Punta Cana Jan. 22-29, 2005. The resort is beautiful, the staff most helpful and accommodating. Even though there is a language barrier they try and work through it, instead of just ignoring you. We loved the room, the jacuzzi tub is a plus! We had no problems with mini bar being restocked, and our rooms were always cleaned in a timely manner. I thought the food was very good, but definetly has an ethnic flare. My husband who is a picky eater did not enjoy so much! The theme restaurants were all very good, Japanese, Gourmet and Steak House, these were the only times my husband enjoyed dinner. The only thing I found really annoying were some of the other guests, they obviously had never been to a buffet or self service restaurant of any kind. We had a great time. We probably will not return to DR, as we like the Bahia in Mexico better.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cheaptraveller
<Content>Excellent vacation!       lobby bar at night  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>beachbummar
<Content>Glad to get home Stated at BP from 1/17 to 1/24. Moved there because Ocean Sand not open yet. The front desk people are horrible, our room reservation was wrong and they didn't correct for two days, were all 1400 rooms occupied?. (2 days before we could unpack) Two rooms they put us in had a terrible odor. One room they tried to put us in the bathroom ceiling was falling in. No washcloths. Asked for them - they delivered 4 and the next day they were all gone. Pools were beautiful, but one was under construction. Beach was good - water was cold and rough. Lobby was beautiful. Food was so so - not 5 star. Entertainment was ok for one night, not 7. People were playing cards in the lobby - nothing to do. Casino and shopping area a missed opportunity. We also encountered stomach problems for 2 days. It was like being confined to a compound, unless you went on one of the excurisions you couldn't go anywhere. The hotel workers were very pleasant.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>family-of-3
<Content>beautiful resort, a few issues Some pros and cons...Resort appearance/upkeep - BeautifulMarble everywhere. Exceptionally well appointed, and maintained. There's a really nice open area lounge/bar near the restaurants that makes for a nice pre dinner or post dinner cocktail location. The resort is very large (about a mile long) so they have these open air buses that go back and forth all day. The resort has a very European flair in both the style and overall atmosphere. You will find yourself among more Europeans than North Americans (pro or con, you decide)Rooms - ExcellentThe rooms are very nice. Good size with a sitting area. I loved the bathroom. Had hot water and perfect water pressure the whole time. (which I love because even at 5 star hotels, that's not always the case). Jacuzzi tub was nice too especially for bathing the little one. The mini bar was well stocked the whole time. Tip - when you want to request something in particular in your bar (ie. more of one thing over another, more beer) leave a note and a dollar bill inside the fridge. I made special requests twice in this manner and it worked both times.*Food/Restaurants - Very GoodIt was very good. Huge variety. Lots of restaurants. You will never please everyone all of the time so you just have to accept that everything will not be perfect but you absolutely can not say there is not ample selection. Did not have digestive issues ever (drank ice, juice, ate different fruits, meat, fish, etc.)Beach - I loved it!The sand is soft and deep. There is wind but nothing that is keeping people away. In fact, it made for some very fun waves! The beach was packed but there are TONS of chairs. There is a bit of debris toward the volleyball court but the rest of the beach is really nice. My husband is VERY picky about beaches on our vacations (2 times a winter) and he had no complaints.Pools - Excellent!Loved one in particular that was smack in the middle of the resort. It had wooden loungers with thick cushions. Very comfy and a nice place to read a book away from the busy/activity pool.Photographer - AwesomeEvery resort has one. The photographer who spends his day trying to take your picture and sell you the pictures for 6 bucks us$. I have never bought pictures at resorts before until now. We bought 6!!! This guy is an amazing photographer! He brings live parrots and a big eguana around and takes pictures of you or your kid with a lizzard on your head! It's hilarious and the pictures turn out amazing. It's not just novelty shots either. You have to see his work to believe. (in the village photo shop)Now for some cons...Service - fine unless you have an issue or special needEnglish is truly a barrier. Take my advice and bring an English/Spanish dictionary. It will come in handy if you ever need to leave a note to get more water* (see above), or have a problem you need dealt with. We were given one big bath towel for a family of 3 one day. It took 6 calls and 6 hours to get the towels delivered to the room. 3 calls for an ironing board. We were trying to get an important business fax sent from home and they could not help us what so ever. Finally 3 days later, a clearly marked cover page of a 12 page fax was slipped under our door. No one had any idea where we could get the other 11 pages. We never did get it. I found the only way to truly get something you needed was to write a note in Spanish and attach a dollar bill. For a dollar and clear spanish instructions, you will get better service.Drinks - very poorBottom shelf stuff. Wine is brutal. They charge extra for any imported things (ie Grand Marnier - mucho$$$) Even at the beach bars, the mixed drinks are terrible. Nothing like the bars in Jamaica, Barbados, etc.Kid's facilities - a bit lackingOne reason we chose this resort was because it advertised a playground. Their playground consists of a backyard swingset. The kid's club looked a bit sparse as well. Didn't end up using it. Also, there wasn't always kid friendly foods available at dinner. (hardly ever). Although the staff is very nice to the children.Another tip:Bring bug spray with deet. There are mosquitos and we have bites to prove it. Just like at home, wear deet after 7pm and you'll be ok.Sorry if it's lofty...hope it helps! :o)  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice resort poor management Just returned on the 23rd of January from a one week vacation with a group of 17. The resort is quite large but is a nice setting. The food was good I enjoyed everything. The consistancy of the drinks from bar to bar is poor, you never get the same drink twice. Our room on check in had blood on the floor, we had housekeeping come and clean it and they were punctual. One couple in our group had difficulties with their door staying locked. We all tryed to talk to the manager but were continually given the run around and our problems were never resolved.I would not return to any of the Bahia Principe resorts because of the management of there hotels. The bar, cleaning, wait staff were wonderful but just try to get the manager.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NikPeoria
<Content>Fiesta del Sol Date: December 4th- December 11thWe wanted a warm getaway that was all inclusive and inexpensive. We talked with a local travel agent about applevacations, after searching for trips on the internet. We had never been to Punta Cana before and after a lot of research we decided to stay at the Bahia Principe Hotel. We flew USA3000 and everything went smoothly with transfers from the airport to the hotel. We ended up getting a room close to the beach (Club Golden) and were pleased with its location. It was a decent size room and very clean. The air conditioning and all electric is powered by inserting your room key into a slot next to the door. So, when you are not in the room, the air conditioning is not on. We took a grocery discount card (similar size to a credit card) and left it in the slot, so we could have the air conditioning cold upon our arrival home. There is a mini-bar (beer, soda, water) in the room that gets refilled every day, at no cost. We were impressed with the hotel in its size and layout. There is a tram that runs constantly taking you from place to place on the grounds. The walk from your room to the dining room was at least 5 minutes. Language-helpful if you know spanish. Many of the workers did not know much English. Lobby-open to the outside, many seats to lounge and drink, one lobby bar with musical entertainment in the evening. Bars had a drink of the day, which were worth trying.Pool-three pools, all with swim-up bars. The pool by the beach was crowded and often noisy with music/dance instructors. The pools closer to the lobby weren't as noisy. Chairs fill up fast, so we spent most of our time on the beach.Beach-plenty of chairs and tiki huts for shade. Very quiet and peaceful. The beach is in walking distance from the rooms. Bring a thermos if you want to keep your drinks cold by the beach. The bar will fill them for you. Bring your flip-flops because we often stepped on burrs. The sand was light tan color and the water was greenish/blue. Not the white sand and clear blue waters we expected. Watersports-make reservations early if there is something you want to do. You could only sign up in 30 minute time slots. If you have more than one person in the room, sign both up in consecutive time slots. Lessons cost extra and the people don't speak english.Food-we were allowed to sign up for three dinners in speciality restaurants and the rest of the time we had to eat in the buffet or snack bar. Buffet- The buffet was not great, there is a large selection, but we had a hard time finding things to eat. They will make omelets to order in the morning and pasta of your choice in the evening, and those were pretty good. Dinner you should go earlier because there was a better selection before 8pm. The frozen lemonade was excellent (mixed with a little rum, even better). You request them from the servers. After dinner coffee was also a treat. Snackbar-don't recommend unless you like cold french fries everyday There is also a smaller buffet near the beach pool, if you don't want to have to walk to the other end of the property for lunch. It's in the building with a fish on the outside.Speciality restaurants were good. We chose the following: Italian-wouldn't recommend French-would recommend (good seafood, steak not the best).  Japenese-would recommend (great entertainment, food  decent). Service-very good service, however helpful if you can speak Spanish. Tipping is optional.Daytrip- would recommend the Outback Safari. Drove in an open jeep (with alcohol served) to see the countryside. Were taken to a coffee bean farm, school, ranch, and boogie boarding at the beach. Village/Disco-has bands playing at night and people teaching dance. Drinks are inlcuded, even though they asked for a room number and a signature on the bill. (Drinks in the casino-are not free.)Beach vendors- very aggresive and you are suppose to bargain.Market in the village-very disappointing, only a few items. Better to shop on the beach.Theatre-saw two shows. One was bad, but one was decent. Mostly dance, no dialogue.Overall, a great trip and very happy with the hotel. Would go back, and stay even longer.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrazPassion
<Content>Great time Just returned from a week-long vacation from Dominican Republic. I agree with everything mentioned before. However, restaurants need a lot of improvement. Japanese food was horrible, the staff does'nt even know what green tea icecream is..Entertainment was excellent even though some of the guys need to be taught manners..As a young person, I was disappointed that the club was only open til 2 am, we had to go to other resorts after that..Overall had a great time and can't wait to go back as soon as possible.almost forgot--the resort dance was fun ;) we danced it morning, day and night! :)  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>never going back The resort, at first sight, is beautiful. Checking in wasn't too much of a hassle and our room was ready right away. We were somewhat disappointed with the junior suite, we had requested a king bed and ended up with two doubles. The pool closest to our room had a problem the first day we were there and by the second morning it was empty and crews were digging all around it. It was empty all week, which posed a problem on the windy days that we were unable to be on the beach. My suggestion for future travelers would be to get beach towels early and save chairs at the pool, the quiet pools fill up quickly and unless you are interested in playing the crazy, crazy pool game at the large pool by the beach, you'll have an issue.The food at the buffets and restaurants is sub-par at best. I'm not sure how this resort is considered 5 star. Our room was rarely cleaned before we came back from the beach or pool. The earliest it got done was 4pm.There is also a major language barrier everywhere you go, so if you can't speak spanish, be prepared to not do much talking. We spoke only to each other the entire time.The pictures and the price make this resort very attractive, but I would have rather spent more money and had a better experience.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Kbell
<Content>5 star beach.....1 star service.... I have previously stayed in the DR at the true 5 star Iberostar Bavaro so I have that to compare with....Check in was fairly easy - you had to request 2 keys or they give you only 1. They did not tell us about the safe - good thing we read these forums before going so we knew. Requested a top floor room - did not get it. Settled for 2nd floor which turned out OK.2nd night there we had NO water in the room - no toilet, sink, shower, horrible after being in salt water  sand all day. Requested a room change about 4X - denied 4X. Husband had to fight with guest services to have our a la carte reservation changed. It was for that evening - with no water we were not excited to dress up all dirty....after asking for a manager and then her manager - they changed the reservation. Why such a hassle?? Not our fault we had no water....not like the restaurants were booked full either. On the 5th day - became very ill, suspect the food - probably the beef.Stopped eating most meats  eventually got better. Husband was ill about a day as well.The Japanese restaurant was good - not spectacular but good. They served sushi, rice, beef, chicken, shrimp,  fish, soup  dessert.The mexican restaurant was good as well. Excellent chips  salsa.Never made it to the gourmet - that's the night I was ill - much too ill to go eat.The room was cleaned daily  the minibar restocked daily as well. Besides no water 1 day - 1/2 the lights in the room were not working. Other than that the room was OK. The pools were great! 4 in all - though 1 was drained until our last day there. They pool bar staff was wonderful - the pools were deeper than I expected which I was happy about. Very clean.The beach was fantastic. Did one snorkel tour where you stop at 3 places - 1 to feed fish  snorkel, 1 to see sharks (that was cool) and stop at a much clearer calmer spot off the beach to swim. Lasted 2 hours which was plenty - got to see a lot of the other hotels from the ocean along the way. For the $$ we paid this was all in all a good resort but was definitely NOT 5 stars - especially where the staff is concerened. The front desk  guest services were not very helpful - 1 star.The buffet food I'll give 3 stars- it was OK not great. The no sauce cheese pizza was my favorite  I am not by any means a picky eater.Beach was 5 stars  pools 4 to 5 stars  grounds were beautiful. This saves this resort, plus we met some lovely people there. The rest of the staff was great, maid service, mini bar restock, bartenders were wonderful. Didn't sit through any shows but from speaking with other guests and what we saw briefly - they were not very good.All in all - resort is OK - maybe 4 stars is generous. If you want true 5 star service - look elsewhere!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Time We just returned from 2 weeks from the Bahia Principe January 8 to 22 2004. I decided to write a review about the hotel due to the wide comments I have read from other travellers. Everyone has there opinion of the hotel and here is ours. We are from Canada and only speak English. We arrived at the hotel which is very huge and is also very beautiful. It has a large lobby and the property is very clean. Staff is always smiling and constantly cleaning. Hotel rooms are all the same with the exception of some being closer to the beach and the main pool while others are further away. They had entertainment every night and also various beach and pool activities throughout the day. The food was excellent. I do not know where the other people got their food from but I enjoyed it and I am a very picky eater. There is something there for everyone and lots. We drank bottled water which was supplied in our rooms and water in the resturants was also safe to drink. Weather was okay, cloudy and rain at times and also very hot. Windy at the beach was a daily occurance but did not hinder sunbathing. I came home chocolate brown. We have travelled many times to different countries and just can't understand some of the peoples comments. Here is some facts and put them with some of the other articles people wrote to come up with your own opinion.English is very limited there. Spanish is the main language and all the shows are done in Spanish with very little English. Staff knows very little English but they are learning more everyday. Remember, you are in a third world country which the people's main language is Spanish. Do you go to Germany and expect everyone to speak English? Yes, you do get by and it takes a little patients but come on, your not in Canada!I heard of people complaining about the food. I've seen first hand they ran out of bacon one morning and it took them about 10 minutes to replace the tray. Some people had to wait, does that mean the hotel food was bad? They fried eggs in oil and sometimes they put to much oil in the frying pan when they made them for you. Does this mean the food was bad?There was alot of topless women on the beach and pool area. Some people thought this was improper. Fact is, that in Europe this is norm and maybe we are abnormal recognizing other peoples cultures.We had at times wash cloths or a towel short in the room. Does this mean the room is not cleaned properly? They charge $5.00 US a day for the safe in your room. To me, that is nuts but no one is making you pay it. Does this mean the hotel is a rip off?We ran out of bottled water a few times but when we called the front desk some one always came out with more minutes later.It rained and was very windy at the beach. God only controls the weather and if I went there as a white man and came back a chocolate man then it wasn't that bad?We had to wait in line for the internet at times because they only had 2 stations and some people took advantage of their 15 minute times. Hey! we are on holidays so what's the hurry? I'm sure I always wasn't 15 minutes but only count time when it was my turn to wait?So, in closing I give this hotel a 5 star and hope if you go there you have a excellent time like we did. Remember, this is not the Ritz Carlton in New York which is rated a five star and that you are in a spanish third world country which is trying there best at making your vacation come true.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great resort Just returned from the Principe on January 22/05. After reading some poor reviews I was a little concerned but my fears were groundless. This place was beautifull!! From the lobby to the rooms, everything is spotless and new. 6 different restaurants and a large buffet to choose from and the food was good. Pool and beach are first class. Staff are freindly and plenty. Just treat them the way you would like to be treated. ( the odd $1 tip goes a long way too!)All and all I would reccomend this resort.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hola!! Hats off to Bahia Principe Hola!!! We just arrived back from the most wonderful one-week trip we have ever taken. The Bahia Principe was the most beautiful resort with all the amenities available to man. We were a party of 5 ranging in ages from 65 to 13 years and there was something for everyone. The food was plentiful and very good. (Not home, but where is?) The service was beyond wonderful. We were all treated like royalty. My 18 year old had a blast with the shooter guy. (I think he's coming for Christmas dinner next year), were as my mother talked to everyone who would speak English to her. My 13 year old had so many things to do and play (boogie boards, kayaking, scuba, swimming and his favorite sport eating) that he didn't even have time to miss that video thing that is usually attached to his thumbs all day at home. My husband and I had some quite time and had lots to do with the family.The shows were extremely funny (armature maybe, but I didn't go to see the Phantom of the Opera either) and you could tell a lot of work went into their presentations (the kids loved every show and didn't miss one)The beach was crystal clear and the waves were spectacular. I have read others complain about the wind, but for us, thank god. I can just imagine how hot it would have been without it.Nelson's the man. Located at the main pool bar, this guy has the disposition of a saint.The people of the Dominican were beautiful and made every effort to insure that are every whim was answered tooEnglish was not that big of a deal, they understood exactly what we wanted and basic Spanish went a long way.The reviews I read prior to leaving did not do this resort any justice. Where have these people stayed in the past??? I have never stayed at Buckingham Palace before, where did they get their reservations???Canadians are well loved, and I can see why (that's all I have to say about that).Would go back tomorrow in a blink of an eye if I could.My husband and I will be going back very soon (alone if you know what I mean)  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was okay but... ...the hotel is huge. We were there January 15 through 22nd. With some 3000 people, we were just a face in the crowd. And for the most part, the service staff treated you as such. There were also a lot of line-ups, and the beach is, quite literally, almost a mile away. But we are experienced travellers and are the type to make the best of it. So it was only after we made the hotel smaller by spending most of our time at the pool near our room and eating most of our meals at one of the restaurants (Tip: the Italian restaurant is open for breakfast and lunch, contrary to schedules provided in the rooms) that we got to know several of the staff who provided excellent service. Don't be misled by travel brochures or travel agents who describe the hotel as having 500-600 rooms; that refers to just the Bahia Principe Punta Cana OR B.P. Bavaro OR Club Golden, and all three resorts share the same pools, restaurants and facilities. This hotel is anything but intimate....front desk staff were particularly unhelpful. Check-in was chaos; we were initially told we were in the wrong lobby (all our material said Punta Cana and that is where we were, but they had assigned us rooms on the Bavaro side of the property, without telling us). After being turned away, other guests suggested we try again, and eventually we were checked-in. Getting late check-out was another hassle (our flight didn't depart until 10:30 p.m.). We only got it because we persisted, and then it was a cost of US$20 per hour, not the US$10 the hotel advertises in its own brochure, or the nominal CA$30-35 we had been led to believe....the hotel does not enforce its own policies. Guests are permitted to reserve lounge chairs with towels, particularly frustrating when many chairs are left empty while you search for a place to sit; getting up at 7:00 a.m. to put a towel on a chair is crazy. Also, we saw many men wearing shorts or bathing suits during dinner in the dining rooms....we had numerous problems with our room (number 33101). The air conditioning didn't work when we arrived, so maintenance had to disconnect the sensor on the patio door. The mini bar didn't work and had to be replaced. The jacuzzi tub leaked inside, shorted out the motor and tripped the circuit breaker leaving us entirely in the dark, and maintenance had to be called. The toilet broke twice, once requiring maintenance. And our tv only received three english channels until it was fixed on the final day....one of the hotel's pools (the large pool on the Punta Cana side of the resort) was closed the entire week for repairs. Evidently there had been a leak, and work involved draining the pool, enclosing the area behind a fence and tearing up the concrete. Work involved a lot of men, a jack-hammer with a large diesel-powered compressor, and small dump trucks. As this work was within 30 feet of one of the other remaining pools, it was not condusive to a relaxing holiday atmosphere....our World of Vacations destination rep was, to put it kindly, ineffective. She was nice, but unhelpful. But I'm sure she would have happily dropped everything to sell us a tour.Having said all that, we did have an enjoyable vacation. The food for the most part was very good. We did not get sick (since returning home, everyone we've spoken with has said they've heard reports of vast illness in Punta Cana). Malaria was not a problem. The hotel is clean and generally very well kept -- the public washrooms are immaculate. It is a very pretty hotel. The shuttle service that runs throughout the hotel is convenient. But having stayed elsewhere (including other resorts in Punta Cana), and having experienced the quality of service that one usually gets at a more intimate (300 to 500 room hotel) we would not return to Bahia Principe Punta Cana.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Back From Bahia - January 20, 2005 Just got back and have to say that the overall impression of the resort is very nice. We have stayed at all inclusive resorts in Mexico and Puerta Plata on the north side of Dominican Republic and this resort is comparable. It really doesn't matter were you go all resorts seem to have some sort of flaw however if you keep an open mine and remember you are on a holiday you should have a good time. Now for my review.1. Food - 4 starsWe never got sick from eating the food.We found that we really enjoyed some food and others we could live without every eating again. The best restaurant that we ate at was the Garden Restaurant and I feel that we enjoyed it more then the others because it came the closest to western food. There is a selection of different dishes and each restaurant has its own theme. The buffet has pretty much everything you can think of. Yes some dishes look like they may have sat out to long so we avoided them if it didn't look quite right . I know I have seem buffets here in Canada that have sat out to long.2. Rooms - 5 starsSunquest advertises that all rooms are ocean view but this is not true. We booked club hacienda and our room was located near the middle of the resort by the quite pool this was still very nice. The rooms are very nice and large. The shower problem that others have mentioned is true however if you adjust the shower head you will not have a problem. Also it looks like the resort is trying to fix the problem by put a gob of cilicone in the corner to redirect the water to run back into the very large jet tub.I did tip the maid and we always had our bed made without the top cover which she placed over on the couch (why ?) but that didn't bother us. The only complaint that I had was we were suppost to have clean beach towels in our room and that did not happen. However we just exchange them at the towel hut in the morning.3. Beach - 4 starsThe beach is nice but I would say the Mayan Riveria has Punta Cana beat. The current is very strong and will pull you out.There is broken glass on the beach volley ball court and surrounding area. However there was staffing constantly picking up garbage and if you pointed out the glass they would go and rake it.We did have lots of fun playing in the waves.4. Resort - 5 starsThe staff are all dressed in very nice uniforms.The resort is very clean unlike the rest of the Island.The shops are very expensive but if you want to shop either go down the beach or take a shopping tour.The resort is also very large but they have a trolly that runs up and down the middle of the resort which works great. 5. Language - 3 1/2 starsA lot of the staff don't know English very well if at all. If you speak even a little spanish or french you will have a better chance of communicating. I could tell that some staff are trying to learn english as they are working. I felt it made the trip that much more interesting to listen to all the different languages around you other than english.Overall we enjoyed the chance to get away and relax and only saw two skeeters.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>1st time in Dominican Just returned on 1/21/2005. Had a great time, especially since we were avoiding Winter. The rooms and grounds are very well maintained. The pool outside of our room had a leak in it and was empty. The food was okay, they could use a good pastry chef. Definately wasn't up to the standards of a cruise ship. Anyway, we agree with the other reviews about the arrogance of the desk staff. We booked our trip through Apple vacations and was extremely satisfied with their service. The entertainment was not Vegas style, but they did try really hard to put on a good show. We did have a couple of good laughs at some of the beach attire. We were definately the most overdressed on the beach! Hopefully the resort will work out their issues and will improve as it is open longer.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic week!!!! Just returned from a wonderful week at the bahia and I must say that my girlfriend and I were very impressed. First off....the resort is huge and we were very surprised to see how the staff were able to keep everything so organized. We had been to other resorts in the punta cana area and this is by far a nice step up....very clean...well planned...and relaxing.Regarding the rooms...we stayed in the middle of the resort, (not golden club as we had been advised against) and the location was perfect. Yes we did have to walk a few minutes to the beach however that put us close to the pool...lobby bar and restaurants. We thought the rooms we very nice....terracotta tile....beautiful bathroom...jacuzzi and an overall great ambience. Further to that, they were cleaned very well each day and the mini bar was always freshly stocked....I do recommend leaving a few dollars every second day to the maid...it goes a long way!!!Concerning the language barrier....yes it is there but easy to deal with. My girlfrined and I have visited over 35 countries around the world and any traveler knows that languge is always part of the game. Lets face it....we're going to their country so why should they have to be fluent in our language. My advise...if you think this will be a problem...go to florida or stay in canada with our beautiful snowy weather. Further to that...if they could speak english...then what would the russian or german people do...get my point??? I think the language barrier just lets you know that your travelling....learn something new...its fun!!!About the restaurants...we thought some were great and others....well...were others. I must say though...the buffet has well over 50 choices and we always found something that was great. Quick point...if you don't like it....eat something else...its that easy. We ate at the japanese, (highly recommended) the steakhouse, and the gourmet a la cartes and the service was wonderful in a very nice atmosphere. One hint though....if you like your steak well done like some people I know...you may have to ask them to keep it on the grill a little longer. They tend to cook meat on the med rare side which I love so it worked for me. Regarding the beach...we thought it was great. It did rain a little here and there however we thought of it as a little cool down. The other contradiction we heard a lot about was the wind. Yes, it was windy however we thought it made it a little easier to lay on the beach all day. It was quite amuzing on our last day because there wasn't any wind and everyone was complaining that it was too hot....go figure....I thought the wind was a nice way to keep everyone relatively cool. In conclusion we thought the resort was beautiful. The lawns and gardens were perfectly maintained and the the lobby area and lower courtyard was more than we expected....a beautiful environment!!! If you want something to compare it to, simply walk a few hundred yards up the beach and take a walk through the other resorts...you'll feel very privilaged that your staying at the bahia. On the other hand, humans will always find something to complain about so if you go with a care free style, you'll be utterly impressed. My recommendation....go there and enjoy it!! One other hint...whenever we travel...we take acidopholis pills which are availible at any drug store or pharmacy. Take two a day a few days before you leave and continue to take them during your stay. They replenish the digestive bacteria in your stomach which reduce in quantity as we get older and keeps your stomach in check throughout the trip. You'll be happy you took them if you happen to eat something you shouldn't...hhaahha!!!One more hint....if you are a spirit drinker...you can ask for the better rums and vodkas. They resort to normandy rum and vodka which isn't my first choice however you can aks for brugal or smirnoff, (which are included in the all inclusive menus and you'll get it).PS....we're in our mid twenties and we found it more of a couples resort. If your planning a wild guys week in the sun with the other things that come along with it then you may not find it.....more of a couples ventureHave a wonderful time!!!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exellent               
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great trip - but also some advice I will try and touch on things that have not been said yet.Air Port: After exiting the plane, you will be funneled into an area to have your picture taken with a girl in Dominican dress, if you do not want to pay for the picture, you can do as we did and go around the line. After you exit the Air Port, be ready to find your bus number...there are about 50 buses, it is hot and you may/may not be carrying your luggage. It may be worth the extra $ to hire a porter as it took us 10-15 minutes to locate our bus!Club Golden upgrade: I got a great deal on Club Golden, cheaper than the standard package, I just checked the internet everyday before we left.This upgrade promises to have an exclusive check in, it was seperated from the rest of the hotel, but not without line ups. They did seem somewhat disorganized during checkin. There were only 2 girls checking people in. Although, the welcome cocktails did make it more bearable. If you arrive early in the day, as we did, your room will not be ready. Checkin is officially 3pm, so they suggest you go to the bar and have a drink or if you have your bathing suit close by (put it in your carry on - no joke), to go to the beach. When we headed to our room at 4:30pm, our room was still not ready! Around 5pm, we finally settled in.I highly suggest that you get all of the administrative things taken care of on the first full day of your arrival i.e.) purchase of safe, book meals etc. then after the frusteration, you have the rest of your vacation to unwind. Attending the orientation session was useful for us because it was here that we learned about the money. All bank machines dispense Dominican peso's only, so make sure you bring $20 per person American to be able to leave the country at the end of your stay. If you didn't (like us) bring any American $ with you, the people that do your orientation will be able to convert Canadian to American (at a higher exchange rate). But only to get you out of the country.The excursions: We booked an excursion Bavario Runners for the middle of our vac. We paid alot of money to be driven around to be sold things. At the sugar cane field - they try and sell you hats/t-shirts, at the tobacco museum - cigars/art etc., at the typical Dominican house - coffee/honey/vanilla. At the end of the trip, they drop you at a beach for an hour (you have this at your Hotel - no?). This excursion was a huge waste of money. I really felt that the only thing I was good for, was to shell out money. Alot of children will wave and beg for money, however, the company will not let you give them anything.The only thing you see is the country side, which was nice, and a horseback riding trip. But at the end of the horse back riding trip, they paste a picture of you on a rum bottle and try and sell that to you for $10 US!Food: Being vegetarian and having stayed at other resorts, I was pleasently surprized by the food choices. Lots of vegetarian dishes, but not alot of vegetarian prepared casseroles (i.e. lasagna). I ate lots of salads and breads and soups. I liked that all of the foods were well labelled, so you knew what you were getting. Specialty Restaurants: We liked the concept at the Japaneese restaurant and we saved the Italian for last. I had the alfedo pasta and loved it. There are few vegetarian options on most of the menus, but mention your special request to the waiter and they will try and do something for you. We ordered a bottle of wine on the last night and it was supposed to be charged to our room bill, but on check out, we were not billed. We mentioned this and he said that it was not there so don't worry. Too be so lucky! One thing to be sure of when you leave, is to have your check out slip signed and paid (they will also ask for it when you board the bus to the Air Port anyway). One fellow traveller was charged twice for her vacation! Also, line up early to check out, there was a line up.This hotel is beautiful and has alot to offer, but on the administrative side, (check in/out, room being ready etc.) they really need to improve. They have alot of staff, but could use them more efficiently. Having said all of this, I highly enjoyed my vacation because it's about unwinding and being with the special people you are with.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An amazing resort Just came back from an amazing week at the Bahia. The resort is beauitiful in every way. The food was great, the staff are always smiling. The only complaint that I have is the entertainment. MAJORITY OF THE SHOWS ARE BORING. Considering the weather that we had (Rain and sun everyday) we made the best of it. This resort is huge and they are still building.I give this resort two thumbs up.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SunnyDays
<Content>Not for Beach Worshippers Spent 1/9-1/16 at Bahia. The other reviews are quite accurate regarding excellent room conditions, excellent and beautiful grounds. They are also right about the curt check-in/check-out service and the food quality. I did not go there expecting the food quality to be comparable to Paris and neither should you! If you want true 5 star go there!. This is 5 star Dominican style. There is a strong effort at presentation and the workers really do their best. The food is perfectly edible with lots of choices.What people have not really mentioned clearly is the problem with the hotel location. This is a very windy location that makes enjoying the beautiful beach (I mean laying on it all day!) impossible. It's unclear whether the wind is a permanent thing at the Bahia or whether it's their winter weather but if you are looking for to spend some serious time on the beach I'd look elsewhere.You should also be aware that this is a MEGA resort. There are 1500 rooms!. If you want intimacy find another hotel. Nonetheless, I had a peaceful and relaxing time here and i think most people would. Note: if you are looking for quiet: - small pool on the Bavaro side of the hotel (left when you are walking toward the beach). Stay away from the supersize pool near the beach. This gets way too loud!!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>scarred to death at bahia principe punta cana NITEMARE at Bahia Principe Punta CanaIt was 3:00AM and my family was awoke by a sound in our room to find a hotel employee trying to rob us. My wife and 10-year-old were terrified. A struggle began and we were able to hold till security arrived. had to be an inside job. I am positive front door and balcony, 50 feet from path were both secured. Someone had to of left balcony door unlocked for intruder to get in. Intruder which was a hotel employee was taken away in handcuffs. This was a frightening ordeal.The hotel tried to cover up incident by saying hotel worker was invited to a room by a guest and must have knocked on your door by mistake, then they say my wife opened door and before he can say anything we grabbed him a dragged him in room and beat him up.This is all I have to do on vacation? especially at 3:00 in the morning with my wife and child, don't you agree? Hotel management played this off as if it were an everyday occurance and this time the intruder was caught. Wonder if the fact that we were leaving at 10:00AM that morning had anything to do with the set-up?  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Club Golden doesn't shine... I just wanted to inform vacationers that before they spend their money to be aware of a few things that I wished I had known regarding the Bahia Principe Club Golden. The resort is absolutely beautiful. Very lush and tropical. It was extemely well kept. I have no complaints as far as cleanliness goes. The beach is absolutely beautiful. Crystal clear water and very warm. The pools are fantastic, lots of chairs. You can get your hair braided there but beware. The price is crazy!! I paid 63.00 American and had to take them out after four days because of all the gunk they put in my hair and a very burnt scalp. As a Golden Club vacationer, I didn't really see any difference for the price I paid. They say the rooms are closest to the beach but there are many Golden Club buildings so you are not guaranteed to be that close. We did not recieve a managers reception or welcome drinks. We never were able to access our newspapers, there are only two computers which are usually always busy with lineups. There is no time limit for this. We were told there was an exclusive lobby and dining area. No such thing. Everyone shares everything. Now this would be okay but we paid extra for Golden Club. Why waste your money on something extra when you could save a little and still be offered everthing just staying a little futher back from the beach. The do have trolleys to take you from the main lobby to everywhere else in the resort. Also, I reccomend to bring snacks. The food was absolutely horrible. A lot of things were not cooked properly and not extremely appetizing. The gift shops are extremely expensive-about 3$ American for a chocolate bar so be weary. Like I said the resort is beautiful and clean but I know better for next time. Just a heads up!! Enjoy!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated the food Bahia Principe is a new Resort in Punta Cana which we visited for a week in January . The property is very clean (brand new) it is a large resort, the beach and pools we're quite nice.This hotel was sold as a 5 star but it is far from it the food was at best a 3 star property.The buffet was cold and unimaginative,the seafood restaurant we walked out of, I ordered a steak at the Steak house and got a HAMGURGER STEAK ON TOP OF MASHED POTATOES, the Italien place was awful( how can you screw up pasta that bad!!!.We also had a problem with the Lifequards on the property as they refused to help when my daughter cut her foot on the beach( claimed to not understand english or french spoke spanish only) they pointed to the hotel and ignore my request for first aid .  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zoom2299
<Content>Please Read- Everyone should be aware of this!! My wife and i spent 6.5 perfect days at the Bahia- beautiful weather, people, the resort, everything. On the last day i became awfully sick and had the most grueling plane flights ever on the way home. Upon arrival back in the US i spent 3 days in the hospital from a bacterial infection known as Shigella. it attacks the small intestine and causes severe dehydration, abdominal cramping and vomiting. I most likely got it from infected food, where an unsanitary employee did not wash his/her hands before preparing the food i ate. As a warning- talk to your doctor to see if there are any precautionary measures you can take to prevent this. Had i contracted this earlier in my vacation it could have led to SERIOUS internal complications. I was lucky to make it back to the states to get proper medical treatment. For information on Shigella and its complications go to (commercial url) and search for Shigella  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>2	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jacquesrober
<Content>New year in the sun. We left Montreal on the 30th dec. 2004 with Air Transat for an 8 days stay at the resort with Club Golden. As advertised Club Golden members rated a separate check in with rooms close to the beach.The resort is huuuge (about 1 mile long) and if the minibus system was not as good as it is, it would be a major pain to walk from the lobby, buffet, restaurants to the room, beach every day. The cleanlinness is 5 stars. The room are superb (5*), so are the grounds which are very well groomed.Overall the food is not 5 stars but better than a 4 stars. The restaurants are not 5 stars;Gourmet= 4.5*(great service, bad house wine, good food)Steakhouse= 4.5*(great service, bad house wines, good food)Italian= 3.5* (great service, bad house wines, soggy pizza, so so pasta)Japanese= 3.5* (rushed service, overcooked food except for almost raw fish, heated diluted white wine served as sake)Buffet= 4.5* (bad house wines, good variety of food, minimal desserts,Beach buffets= 4*(bad house wines, limited choice depending on which buffet= beach grill is very limited, best choice is chicken, the other pool buffets offer more choices.)There is a fast food grill close to the beach pool for hot dogs, hamburgers, pizza (soggy), grilled chicken( a must), french fries (???).Bar service was excellent all over. Drinks were diluted when served at the lobby bar by the table waitress.Room service was excellent. We tried to get different pillows(feather or equivalent), instead we ended up with 5 beach towels, and altogether 9 of the same rubbery pillows that were already in the room. No lack of trying there. A 5* should be able to accomodate these requests.We did not see all the shows, but saw parts of them when going back to the room after dinner. The participants were mostly guests, and this show formula has no interest whatsoever for us, so we always left after a few minute of boredom?!.Check out was a pain, Club Golden nothwistanding, as there was a major line up composed of people checking in and checking out in the same lines.The weather, not controlled by the hotel, was not the best we have seen over the years. It was very windy (25km/hr + almost every day) so that we sailed on ly 30 minutes for the whole stay, and it also rained a bit almost everyday.The new year'eve buffet was outstanding, starting with beef wellington followed by langouste and a huge variety of food. The house wines were as always tasting like slightly alcoolised KoolAid if chilled(unchilled it was ????).All in all the resort rates for us as better than a 4* but emphatically not a 5*. We probalbly will not go back as there are many self rated 5* that are actually 5*.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Maze111
<Content>The art of landscape spoiling We stayed one week mid-November 2004 in the brand new resort and after such variety of comments is available I just want to depict our personal goods and bads.RECEPTION: I can confirm the impression of arrogance and uselessness. We needed at least 1.5 hours until we got our room. But the most disappointing was the following: We did not pre-pay our stay and therefore presented a credit card to charge for. A signboard on the desk shows an exchange rate of 24.00 DOP for a US Dollar (besides that the official rate was about 30.00 DOP). The calculation for our bill than was done with 36.00 DOP and was multiplied with our dollar-quoted room rate. Just to explain: This is similar to a price increase of 20%!!! I denied the payment, left the bill open, unsuccessfully tried to get the responsible manager and finally decided to go to town, did a withdrawl from an ATM, changed the pesos in the Banco Popular to USD for a rate of 29.50 and saved a lot of greenbacks. Offical statement from the reception: the exchange rates are directed from the accounting department. I never experienced that in Mexico, neither in Venezuela, Cuba, Costa Rica... Take your conclusions. I did.ROOM: We liked it very much: a quiet air condition, a good bed, huge and cosy. We liked the bathroom with the glass devider instead of a stinky and rotten shower curtain.GROUNDS: Huge. Too huge! And to uniform. I passed other hotels on the beach and they are even worser. Mass tourism in high performance. A beach full with blue beach chairs. We did not like that. The grounds are nice maintained. No doubt. And the region must have been like paradise, before herds of tourists took it over. RESTAURANTS: Gourmet (an atmosphere like a train station!) and Mexican was only average. Steakhouse was surprisingly great. The main buffet a disaster in quality and selection. We had the impression, that they just cater the cheapest available from the market. No shrimps, steaks etc. as occasional highlights. Disappointing for the *****level.Breakfast and lunch is well prepared in the two restaurants around the pool. The selection is smaller but the quality is really a lot better and mentionable. Also the atmosphere is much more holiday-like.STAFF: Poorly trained for this category, but friendly. Seems to be a general problem in the DR. Also to keep in mind orders. Forgetting seems to be a hobby over there.ENVIRONMENT: We toured ten days before in a rental car around the island. Besides beautiful landscapes and friendly people, there is not very much to see outside the resorts in Punta Cana. You can forget completely, if you have visited Mexico before. If you are there for the first time, make an alternative tour to a small town. Santo Domingo for a day trip (start early) is also a good and recommendable option. Bavaro downtown is rotten. Just a few shops and a remote shopping center.RESUMEE: Guess why the DR administration did not make it in over 15 years to pave an acceptable road from the airport to the resorts and you might imagine how the rest of the island is. We enjoyed it but will not return. Mexico is way much better. Overall I would rate the resort with 6 of 10 points.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great vacation, not perfect went from January 2-9 2005Hotel is new, so it is very clean, everywhere. Rooms, pools, rest, everything was spotless. I have a few good things and bad things to say. Hotel check in was a nightmare, took almost 2 hours. Front desk people are not the nicest, and the language barrier was tough.We got a great room, closer to the beach, which is good because it is a VERY long walk from one end of the complex to the other. Did not opt for the golden club, and felt that was a good decision, especially for the 20 bucks a day it costs. We got placed in the golden buildings near the beach anyway, so it worked out good.The food was ok, although everyone else we talked to there thought it was great. I mean, how many days can you eat off buffets with primarily the same food everday. The ala carte dinners were ok, which you only get 3 with a week stay. The golden club gets an extra one, but again, didnt feel like we missed anything. So sad to have average mexican food. Though it would be top notch. The italian restaurant is like eating ragu, not too impressed. Ended up eating pizza for dinner most nights at the buffet. Breakfast was good, nice to get eggs made to order.The most annoying thing was the constant 20-30 MPH wind on the beach. It was relentless and always there, made it hard to enjoy. Also, english speaking guests were probably only 20% of the total population. Which accounts for the 50 year old men in speedos, and a few topless women. Did me some wonderful people.We drank the water in the restaurant, and brushed teeth with water in the room, and never had any digestive issues. I suggest tipping the maid, and the guys that stock the mini bar. If not, you get half witted service, and its pretty annoying. A couple dollars a day goes a long way.Suggestions:1)bring an extra credit card, I used my AAA card. You have to put your room key in a slot when you enter to turn the power on. So putting another type of card in the slot, and leaving it in there will keep the fridge and air on when you are not in the room. Gotta keep the beer cold.2)bring drink coozies, or insulated cups. ice in the little plastic cups lasted about 2 minutes, and they get warm very quick.3)bring bug spray for the evening hours, the mosquitos werent bad, but enough to warrant a little DEET.4)I would also try to get a second or third floor room, was annoying with so many people walking around, being on the first floor, losing the privacy wanting to have the shades open to let sunlight in.We did two excurions through VIP travel. There is an office on the complex that has 5-6 tour companies to arrange trips. The first was an all day trip to Santa Domingo. We had great guides, and the trip was flawless. The only tough part was the 3 hour ride to and from the city. It got a little tough toward the end of the day, which ended up being a 14 hour trip. But was very fun and interesting none the less.Second excursion was a half day snorkling trip. You get to swim in a netted area with sharks and stingrays. Again, had a great time, you get to have drinks on the boat, they take you for a cruise up the coast, and stop at a beatuiful lagoon that you can stand in calm warm water, and they deliver drinks in the water. It was a very surreal hour being there, especially with the bob marley blaring off the boat. Would highly recommend this trip, and its only $68 a person, and you get lunch too.Overall I thought the place made for a great honeymoon, we really enjoyed ourselves.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>windsortraveler
<Content>Great Place, Great Trip Just returned from the Bahia. There the week December 31/04 to January 7/05. The place is amazing. Grounds impecable, rooms, very clean, pools large and clean, beach simply amazing!! Weather bizarre, sun, wind, rain. As fast as the rain came in it was gone and the sunshining again. It did rain every day but didn't get discouraged and sometimes it was appreciated.First time at an all inclusive and loved it. Food, mostly good, avoid the steak house. Favourites include Japenese, Mexican, Italian.If you are taking children and they are picky eaters, like mine, I would recommend feeding them first at the grill by pool, hot dogs, hamburgs, fries and then went and had an enjoyable dinner. Sometimes he ate more at the restaurants, sometimes not but at least he was full.If your children are snackers, be sure to take chips and chocolate and candy. Very hard to find. Saw no mosquitoes. Sat on balcony every night. Tipped the mini bar person and in spanish asked for more beer and water and had no problems getting what we needed.All staff very friendly. Had not one problem with anyone.Would definitly return to this all inclusive.Ride from airport about 20 - 25 minutes. Sit back and enjoy as driving in DR very interesting.Each day, we received clean towels, bed was made, rooms cleaned. Left some items for maid at beginning of week and a tip each day and had great service. All were very friendly but spoke little english.Didn't make it to any shows, unable to comment. My husband would walk every night and say that they were packed. Enjoy!! It is simply amazing!!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 5 Star Just got back 7 Jan from a 1 week vacation and this hotel is only a 4 Star on it's best day with the sun shining and no wind blowing! Most of the time the service, beverages and food are 3 star. The food in the pool side cafes is terrible and they really need to make some quality control adjustments. The buns and bread sit in the open and are stale by the end of the day. The food is generally cold unless you get there first thing in the morning. For lunch try the Italian restaurant as most people don't know they serve lunch and therefore the quality control is quite good. The buffet is OK in the evenings, but it looks like there are times where the chef looks in the fridge and cooks a meal with what鈥檚 at hand or what was left over. The sit down restaurants were actually quite nice but not authentic which is par for the course for the Dominican or Mexico.The booze is all Normandy (2 Star quality + 151 proof + run your car) unless you are lucky to get the Brugel (Which will likely be the 151 proof at the pool). The only beer is Presidente draft out of the tap. The wine is ghastly and if consumed in any quantity (More than one glass) will likely send you to the toilet. There was never a drink that mixed the same in any bar but the main bar appeared to have some semblance of consistency. The bar tending has the same quality control problems as the food service (Especially at the pool). My wife and my I + 99% of the other customers are not 20 years old and going to get drunk!The low level staff (bartenders, servers etc) were friendly and you would be surprised what a smile and attempt at Spanish will do. You can really find out what the people are like with a little honey. The front desk staff are another story though. They come across as arrogant and uncaring even when you are trying the smiling and Spanish bit. I was not the only person that experienced their arrogance; there were many others I watched get the 'Treatment'.The rooms are Ok. They are clean and comfortable. The problems with the showers described in other reviews are real. It will eventually bother you when you are getting ready for dinner and walk through all the water in your socks. There are times when the room was not cleaned when getting back at the end of the day (5PM). Towels sometimes did not get replaced and the mini bar on one occasion was not refilled. Calls to the front desk were given the 'Treatment' and nothing generally happened.Overall we enjoyed our vacation but we got it at 50% off because of the Malaria scare (Which in my opinion was largely just hype). If I had paid full pop for this, I would not have been very impressed at all. I don't think that Bahia Principe is to concerned about what their customers think as there was no way to give them feedback.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sabrinao
<Content>Service was lacking, horrible at best This was our 3rd time in the Domican in the past 6 months. Both previous times were at two various Iberostar properties (the one at La Romana was by far our favorite). We were at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana from 12/29 through Jan 5. Problems started from the time we stepped foot in the hotel lobby: our room was not available, then were told that we could upgrade to get a room FOR AN ADDITIONAL $30/day...a $10 tip to the desk and Voila, we had a room. But, it was only the beginning. We had requested a rollaway for our daughter: no there. We asked 6 people: nothing. Our travel agent had requested they plan a little something for our daughters' 9th Bday. We got attitude. Then a whole cake was thrown in front of her, with no other ceremony. Then the room was not cleaned and no towel, no water in the room despite our repeated pleas (even when we got sick). I cannot go into all the issues this hotel has: staff hard to find, no animation team to speak of, no beach parties or paellas, no clean towels at any of the pools every day, New Year celebration beyond pathetic,(only one restaurant open and a line of hundreds of people waiting to get in...then they tell you they run out of coffee and usher your out of the door to make room for others.... theft, staff entering bedrooms when you sleep. Yes, the grounds are pretty... But even the lake is merely a dried out and overgrown pond which only serves as breeding ground for mosquitos. We also were extremely disappointed in the lack of service we received from Frankie at Prieto Tours. Even if you happen to see him if he show up, you will get no service or attention. We had to escalate our complaints to the level of the general manager who remedied some of the most pressing issues: a bed for our daughter, a clean room with towels (the things you would expect from a hotel!!!).All in all, this was a beautiful hotel which was plagued by poor management, horrible service and absolutely no regard for basic customer service. I could not in good conscience recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chola7
<Content>One of the best vacations ever!!! For the money you can't go wrong here. The place is beautiful and well maintained. We were there between Christmas and New Year and the staff could not have been more accommodating. The only weak point may be the food - it wasn't very good in the specialty restaurants but frankly we were there for the sun and the beach. The buffet was adequate and certainly had a wide variety of food. Even my very picky teenage son always found something to eat and I didn't hear him complain once. We are planning on making this a yearly event!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will not return My boyfriend and I vacationed with two other couples at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana from Dec. 1, 2004 - Dec. 8, 2004. The first of our problems came during check in. Two of the three couples did not have reservations in the computer. We had paperwork with confirmation numbers and names of people we had spoken to but, it still took an hour to get a room. We could not find even one employee who spoke anything but extremely broken english who could help us. Mid week I received a note under my door stating that I needed to go to the front desk and give them my hotel voucher. I was up at the front desk for 2 1/2 hours (I would guess 2 hours of which I was waiting for someone to help me). I asked to see a manager but, the employees stated that he was too busy and would not come out of the back room to see me. I finally just left. The food was nothing special, all 6 of us got sick and the bartenders failed to add alcohol to the majority of our drinks (good way to save money on the all inclusive part I guess). The good part was the beach, pools and look of the resort it was very beautiful, however not beautiful enough to make me ever want to go back.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort My family spent New Year's week at Bahia Principe and had a great time. The best qualities - beach, pristine pools, cleanliness, expansive rooms, etc. have already been well documented.I also feel that food and service are strong points. There's so much variety in the buffet, you can't go wrong. We ate at 4 a la carte restaurants. The Japanese is definitely the best; 2nd place goes to Gourmet/French; third to Mexican; wasn't crazy about the Italian.Housekeeping came by daily (sometimes twice a day, because during evening turn-down services the maid would freshen up our room.) We also got fresh pool towels delivered to our room each evening - as many as we wanted without towel cards. We had two adjoining rooms in Club Golden section (as we have 2 teenagers). We chose the Golden option because of the proximity to the beach/pool, but the other percs such as in-room coffee makers (need a cup before my morning jog and big breakfast); free Internet whenever (good for New Year's Eve shout-outs); daily Toronto Star/New York Times (stayed on top of the Tsunami disaster); premium liquor/champagne, etc. actually were nice touches that we didn't really consider when booking. If you can afford the extra, go for Club Golden. The activity crews did a great job getting things going at the pool and beach. Actually, quite entertaining. Tram comes in handy especially if you want to get to the tennis courts - way out there (and by the way, are lit but not open in the evening. Made no sense.)Other points: When it rains, it pours and usually without warning - in-room umbrellas were little help in gale force winds. Be patient: Check-in is usually time-consuming and confusing, and making a dinner reservation can take 20 minutes. Language isn't a problem if you speak slowly and interject the odd Spanish word. The bartenders are charming. Lots of topless European women if you're into that sort of thing. Big New Year's Eve party in the Square was a good effort - gala dinner, live band, dancing, fireworks, noise makers and silly hats.The drawback: The evening shows were embarrassingly bad. Been to a number of 4+ and 5 star all-inclusive resorts and these shows ranked as the worst, very amateurish. It's a shame, considering all the other qualities of this property. Lastly, we were on Malaria pills but didn't see a mosquito all week. Must have been a few around because I got a few bites on my ankles one night. No biggy.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bgbilsy
<Content>paradise at Bahia Principe Just returned from Bahia Principe in Punta cana. We are a family of 4 ( 2 adults and 2 small children). We were there 2 weeks and had a wonderful time. Then resort is absolutely beautiful and large. Our room was great (try to get on 2nd or 3rd floor Lots of centipedes) The resort has a great trolley system to take you from one end of the resort to the other. This was very helpful to us as we packed a lot of stuff to and from the beach every day (floaties, sand toys ect.) We stayed in the hacienda section of the resort which in the middle. It was a gorgeous location right next to the pool. The pools are amazing large and clear. The beach was the best I have ever seen and the ocean was like a pool. There was only a few days that the seaweed came in but all you had to do was walk down the beach a bit. The shopping was fun. We shopped at the markets on the beach and in the Pueblo Principe (right in the resort). I liked the beach vendors, I got to know a few and it was always fun talking to them. Some were a little pushy but we just never went back to their hut.The food was just ok. The buffet had its good and bad days. We loved the French restaurant, great lobster thermadore, and the japanese, mexican and steakhouse were also good. We did not like the seafood or italian. The service was great. Our maid was fantastic and very good at her job. Weleft her money and presents every day.Things to bring;Sunscreen because if you run out it will cost you!!(20-30 dollars)Toys for kids. (no battery)Floaties and sand pails if you have kidsimodiumalso make sure you bring cash for the safe and departure tax. If you go here you will have a great time we sure did!!!!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'll never go back!! My husband and I just returned from 5 days at the Bahia Principe and we were thoroughly disappointed. The grounds and villas are all beautiful, but the resort is all flash and no substance. The food ranged from mediocre to absolutely terrible. Over cooked, tasteless, and sometimes unknown...even the 'themed' restaurants were bad. I had salmon at their seafood restaurant that I could barely cut with a knife! The quality of their alchohol was the lowest I had ever had.There was a bicycle tour that was posted on their activities board that no one at the resort knew anything about. One employee told me that the activities board had nothing to do with the resort! There was little to do there if you or your children were over the age of 10. Kayaks and windsurfing are available if it's not too windy and you reserve the equipment 2-3 days in advance. Don't bother with the diving either. I talked with people who had done a dive and said the water was murky and there was little to see. There are several outside tours that you can sign up for through different tour agencies, but don't go by what you see posted on their website for activities. There was nightly entertainment, but it seemed extremely amatuer and poorly rehearsed. The only nightly activity of any interest was the casino...we walked away winning about 500.00 at the blackjack tables. This was nice since the second day we were there, the cleaning crew stole my cell phone while it was charging next to the bed. (and we had even left a tip!!) The woman was fired but I didn't get my phone back. Oh, yes, there is a tiny safe in the room which you have to pay 5.00/day cash at the front desk. (We bought the safe which was loaded with our passports, cameras, wallets, etc., but it's hard to charge a phone while it's in the safe!)All in all, the weather, beach, and pools were all nice, but the resort had little to do with that. Also, very few employees speak much english at all, so if you know any spanish, it's very helpful!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 stars!What galaxy are you from? 5 stars! What galaxy are you from? Just returned from a week in Punta Cana. One giant step down from Mayan Riviera. Beaches pristine, rooms clean, food sucked (same food different day) and the service non existant. The major activity of the day was searching for a maid to give you some towels for showering. The help was rude most of the time. Communicating in Englis almost non existant. Do yourself a favour. Spend a bit more. be treated like royalty. Go to The Riu Palace on the Mayan Riviera. and enjoy your vacation.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JonUk
<Content>Food poisoning at Bahia Principe Punta Cana       Swamp in middle of Resort (watch out for mozzies!) get a room near the beach to avoid!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to go back!       One of the small pools  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cannot Wait to Return A little background: My wife and I have never taken an all-inclusive vacation previously. We had no idea where to stay in Punta Cana. We are in our early 30's, we do not smoke, and we are not heavy drinkers.Flight: Bumpy to and fromAirport: Make sure you bring $10 US for each person for a green card. We breezed by the check-point as other as other passengers (sad to say Americans) complained passionetly that they were not aware of the card. They will tear the card in two. Make sure you keep the half they give you back for the return flight. It will also help to know some basic Spanish so you can communicate with baggage handlers (who know very little English). Pack a swimsuit and any other important items (such as the required long pants for dinner) in your carry on just in case your luggage is delayed. My wife's luggage was delayed and she did not pack a 'suit in her carry on. She wished she did.Transfer to Resort: If you are a cautious and conservative driver, close your eyes and pretend you are on a roller coaster. The best taxi drivers weave in and out of trafic. It is a 30 minute drive from the airport to the Resort.Resort Appearance: Amazing! The entrance to the resort is stunning. On our departure, we had to pick up some guests at the Riu facility. Bahia was hands down more visually pleasing. The grounds were spotless. They must not pay their workers much because they were everywhere and we did not pay that much to stay there. The grounds keepers were abundant cleaning, weeding, . . . that would rival Augusta National! Pools: There were 4 huge pools all with swim-up bars. Two were next to the beach and the other two were nearer to the lobby. We never had to walk longer than 3-4 minutes to visit a pool even though the resort is huge (probably a mile and a half from tip to tip). If you didn't want to walk, there was a cart that picked you up. The cart ran all day and night and we never had to wait for one longer than 1 minute. I have never seen nicer pools in my life.Rooms: We were in building 8 and we didn't upgrade to any other package than the basic plan. There were over 30 builgings each 3 stories and with 8 rooms per story. Our room was fantastic. One of the reasons we choose Bahia is due to our non-smoking status. We were worried that the stench of smoke would be very evident in a room. These rooms were newer and had tile and marble floorig. There was no evidence of smoke in our room. The tub was nice. Kinda messy with no shower curtain, but there was a glass wall that covered 1/2 of the tub. We were told to take all the drinks out of the mini-fridge so we had a new supply each day. We did that but wondered why since there were bars everywhere. At the end of our stay, we had a multitude of Pepsi products. I would remove the water though. (oh yeah, no bugs were seen)Food: We've eaten better in the states, but we had to pay bundles of money. We wondered if we are just accustomed to American food. We noticed this in New Zealand too. All in all, the food was very abunant and good. We were never hungy. The buffet was great. Wide selection of food. The facility was spottless. Each table had a new table clothe after each guest. There were always supervisors checking the facilty for cleanliness. We ate in two of the al la Carte resturants (Mikado and Italian) we liked the Italian better, but both were very good. Not authentic, but very close. All the indoor resturants were smoke free!!!!!Beach: Beautiful-lots of shade and plenty of area to lay out. We were never bitten by a single bug. We did notice some sea grass, but they were constatly cleaning it up. I walked South and North for 2 miles each way and didn't notice much difference in the sea grass. It was hit and miss. The beach facilities were the best at the Bahia. The Rui, Iberostar (spelling?) and one other south of Bahia were nice but not as nice in terms of shade-sun and size. The resort to the north was the same. If you are a sun-bather, Bahia was the best. The sun sets on the resort side of the beaches and many of theother resorts had too many trees so that there was no Sun later on in the afternoon (3ish) Bahia had plenty of sun. There was a flea market direcly next to us. Very nice to barter adnd get some great gifts. I ran two miles south and there was another flea market, but some other resort guests would have had to walk a mile to shop. My wife would prefer not to walk a mile to shop. She only had to walk 200 meters. There were armed guards on the property line. I did not notice any others at the other resorts. I felt very safe.Activities: Great. Plenty of organized volleyball, beach soccer, beach aerobics and others. We also learned how to do a Hispanic dance at one of the pools and there was live Carribian music one afternoon on the beach.Other odds and ends: I am an avid runner (40 miles per week) I was able to put in 35 minutes at 8 minutes/mile in the resort property without repeating back more than one time. The resort is huge. We didn't pay too much attention to the kids' programs, but they were there.All in all, we were very happy with our stay. I've never gotten so much for the money we spent. We will definetly go back. We took many digital pics and will send if you ask (crosby@ipro.net).  
<Date>Dec 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>skibby18
<Content>Had an amazing time!!! Wish we were still there. Loved everything about this resort. Recommend to all.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, wonderful country, wonderful people Excellent hotel! Very nice beach and lovely rooms, pools and hotel grounds.....stayed Nov 18-25 2004 and had a great time.....this is a true 5 star hotel.....Punta Cana is a very nice place to visit....I was in Puerto Plata as well and on both trips to the Dominican Republic I was totally impressed by how friendly the people are.....recommend the Dominican Republic to everyone you know, it is MUCH better then Jamaica and even better then Mexico.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AMAZING, AMAZING, AMAZING My boyfriend and I just returned from Punta Cana on Saturday, we were there from December 10 to the 17. I had spent about a month comparing all different resorts as it is quite difficult when choosing as there are so many to pick from. We were so incredibly happy that we had picked this one. I cant say one bad thing about this resort. The food was incredible, the nightlife, club, casino and theater were all entertaining. Being 22, I didnt know what to expect from the club because being from Toronto we have a really good night life here, but the club did not dissapoint me it was alot of fun! The Beach was absolutly beautiful, white sand aqua water.. just gorgeous, and the three pools were huge, EXTREMELY clean, and at perfect temperature. This resort was absolutly awesome. I found that it was more couples then anything so if you are single and going with a group of guys or girls or whatever, I would say this resort is probably not the right one for you, but if you are a couple then it is perfect!!! If you need any information please feel free to e-mail me at brightpink4@hotmail.com.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just got back! I went to Punta Cana last week, Dec. 10-17 despite the malaria scare. We took our pills and went. I had tried to switch resorts but in the end decided to take the chance. I went with my FOUR children and husband and we had a terrific time. The resort was very clean, there were some buzzy flies and creepy crawlies in the room but no mosquitos. The rooms are very spacious and the showers are great. My kids had a terrific time there. We ate at four of the restaurants and the buffet. We had the Club Hacienda package so we ate breakfast and lunch in the Italian restaurant which was very good. I would recommend the Sunquest package because that way you are situated in the middle of the resort. The pools were beautiful and the beach was to die for. The water was warm. The animation staff was good. We did get an adjoining room because we had the children with us. I think they are hard to get though. All in all it was a great trip and just the break we needed. We did not try any excursions because we had just come to relax and be together as a family. I would highly recommend this resort if you like to relax, be by the ocean or pool and eat well. The food was good, better than other resorts I have been to. I would go there again and miss the hot sun already. I would have preferred to stay for two weeks though so you get time to really relax and unwind. Lots of other Canadians there (they say they are from Punta Canada), as well as Germans (who travel 10 hours to get there), Portugese and American visitors. If you have any questions, please feel free to email me.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EdmontonKristel
<Content>Very enjoyable I just spent a week at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana and loved it! It is definitely an up-scale resort, and is beautifully taken care of. I was very impressed with our pre-assigned check-in. We received our room number and key when we boarded our bus at the airport, so we did not have to check in at all! The rooms are very clean and perfectly air conditioned. We were lucky to have 17 english speaking channels, but did not have an alarm clock in our room. Speaking with other guests, they had almost no english channels, but did have a clock, so I guess it's hit and miss. A friend had his older running shoes stolen from his room, and he also had a DVD player and camera sitting out, but they still only took his shoes. He also never tipped during his stay, so who knows...The restaurants were excellent! We tried the Japanese, Italian and Seafood, where I had the best salmon ever! I had some minor reasons for not giving this resort 5 stars: In the buffet, the food was not hot. It was mostly room temperature unless you had something made to order. And the milk in the dispensers was rarely cooled. In the evening I think one of the only places to get a drink is in the lobby and it closed at 11. So apparently you have to go into the market (on property) if you want to continue into the night. Also it is a little difficult finding bathrooms. They seem to be few and far between. Some were closed for service while we were there, so it was a bit of a trek to one that was open. A lot of staff spoke very little english. We noticed that the front desk staff seemed to offer the poorest english. It was difficult to communicate with them. And the resort itself is quite large; long and narrow. Luckily there's a train that travels from the lobby to the beach, otherwise it is at least a 10 minute walk from one end to another. A little inconvenient depending where your room is located. I can see this being difficult for small children, the elderly, or the disabled. These gripes are really insignificant in the whole scheme of things though. They are things you can definitely deal with. All in all, we really enjoyed this resort. The beach and ocean are beautiful, although the water can be a little shocking getting in! (maybe because your skin is so darn hot!) We also took a half day excursion at the Marinarium which cost $72 american. You spend about an hour travelling on the bus (return) and sail out just off the shore to a netted area where you can swim with nurse sharks, stingrays and fish. There's also time to snorkel. Then they travelled along the shoreline and take you to a natural pool just off the shore where it is only about 4-5 feet deep. Staff bring trays of drinks right out into the ocean and serve you while you relax for about a half hour. On the sail back they teach you how to make Coco-Locos, dance the merengue, and speak a few Spanish words! Pretty good time. A quick note to those concerned about the Malaria warning right now. During our week stay I only had 4 bites, and I don't think they were all mosquitos, and we probably only actually saw 2 mosquitos the whole time. There is usually a constant breeze, so I would imagine that helps keep them under control. We also saw staff spraying. You can take the Chloroquine starting a week before you travel, or Malarone a day or two prior, but since I'm pregnant I was told it was not considered safe. Apparently now I'm learning that I could have taken Cloroquine (according to a BC Disease Control website, and an Infectious Diseases doctor here in Edmonton). I just used a low level DEET bug spray (less than 10%). My research before I left found it unsuccessful for any suggestions for pregnant women, so hopefully this may help some women who are concerned! Relax and enjoy!!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Karol_from_Vancouver
<Content>Wonderful resort on a great beach We were at the resort December 9-16. We booked what we thought was a fabulous deal 2 months ago ($1080 Canadian) only to find a few weeks ago (post hurricane) that prices dropped as low as $850 with other vacation providers. Nonetheless, we felt that we obtained amazing vacation value. We have been to Mexico at least 15 previous times (condos, Club Med, all-inclusives), but this was our first trip to the Dominican Republic.The trip from Vancouver was a bit taxing, as the journey was made even longer than it is by having to drop into Calgary to pick up some other travellers. Although we thought that was a long trip to Punta Cana (9 hours), the return trip was made even longer (10 hours) by strong head winds. I have to say that service and meals on Skyservice were pretty good, considering it is a charter carrier. Don't be thinking you will be getting lots of leg room, however.The Punta Cana airport is quite charming with it's palapa roof. Upon arrival, we were processed quite quickly and directed towards our bus. We arrived at the resort about 30 minutes later.As our rooms were in the Hacienda section, our check in was at Club Hacienda, which is a private area for Club Hacienda guests. Rather than lining up, we stood around in a group (thankfully not too large of a group) until we could obtain our personalized envelope containing our room info and keys. While waiting, we were served a champagne cocktail. We were to return to this area almost daily during our stay to take advantage of the free internet (one terminal only), superior bar selections, and international newspapers.Our room was located in Building 32, on the Bavaro side of the resort, half way between lobby and beach, and right next to the Italian restaurant. Although from viewing the map we were worried that we might be overlooking a construction site, fortunately our room faced the pool (I did send an email a few days earlier stating, pool view, por favor, but I'm not sure if that helped. I had said not ground floor, but of course we got ground floor, which I'm not sure was reflection of a poor grasp of English or not seeing my email. The room was fine, and we didn't complain. Our friends did not like their room as much, so they requested a room in our building the next day, and were successful in getting one.When I first saw the tram making its way up and down the resort, I thought I would never use it, but I have to admit that after a long day at the beach (aerobics, walking, kayaking, sailing, etc.), the tram was a welcome site. Overall the place reminded me of Disneyland, with guests being ferried around on this tram, and all garbage and other unsightly things being kept on the perimeter roads - good design. Although there is some construction going on in the Club Premier section, it is located up at the lobby end and isn't a concern. They seemed to be preparing the land beside the Bavaro side for something (yet another phase of construction?), so that would be good to check into before booking a future trip.The rooms were very nice (junior suites with marble baths). People have frequently mentioned problems with the glass shower walls but we didn't have any difficulty. Adjusting the shower head (downwards) and laying down a small towel on the tub's edge where the glass ended seemed to be all that was needed. Mini bar with soft drinks, juice and beer was stocked daily. A note to the maid was all it took to have our minibar preferences met (extra water and diet pepsi). We tried to tip $2 per day. Electrical outlets are 110 volts, although plugs appear to be usable for 220 volt electrical devices.Food was good quality all-inclusive fare. No matter what, food seems to get tedious in this type of setting. However, we never had to wait for food, there was plenty of it, and none of us got sick. We ate breakfast almost every morning at the Italian restaurant. It was a smaller version of the main buffet, but still had eggs cooked to order. We didn't like the regular coffee (lukewarm sludge), but came to realize that they did have an espresso machine. After a couple of days, we came to order espresso grandes. I would have them add hot water at the table (making an Americano) and my husband would get milk added. They didn't seem to know that milk could be steamed and made into a latte or cappucinno. but oh, well. Nice, nice service staff, despite language barrier.We only tried one specialty restaurant (Japanese), as one of our travel mates is quite a selective eater and we thought we would be better served by eating at the buffet. Reports from the a la carte restaurants were mixed, although some guests were quite pleased. The Japanese restaurant was most certainly not authentic (but then, did we expect it would be?) but it was a nice diversion from buffet dining. We tried to seek out specialty restaurants rather than the buffet at lunch time (food is all about the same but setting is better). Beachside snack bars are another option but we found their selections quite limited.We didn't take in alot of shows, as we have been to one too many all-inclusive resorts and have most of it before. We tended to gather in the lobby bar after dinner, and on occasion made it out to the live band in the shopping plaza. Nightlife wasn't a primary goal so we often turned in early.Beach was fabulous. We enjoyed the changable seas and long stretch of walking beach. Aerobics (at ocean's edge) each morning at 11 was fun. We also took advantage of kayaks, hobie cats, and boogie boards.We signed out bikes one day, but were disappointed to find out that we had to stay within the resort. We also played mini golf (they seemed to be short of balls!).Weather was good until our final day (rained once in early morning and once after dinner during the week). On the last day, it was raining most of the time. We managed to get out for a beach walk, which was enjoyable despite of the weather.I would recommend this resort to anyone. It seems more suited to couples and families than it does to singles, although who knows what may have happened late at night as we weren't around to witness it.My tips:- Bring along plenty of $1 bills for tips. Staff were wonderful (and on average make less than $200 US per month).- Bring bug spray and itch treatment. Although mosquitos weren't everpresent, we did get some bites (some may have been from sand fleas). We were thankful that we got malaria treatment before departing.- Be prepared to enjoy yourself in a country where English isn't the first language, and at a hotel where guests may not speak Englush either (clientele when we were there seemed to include lots of Europeans).- If you want to shop, you can walk about 30 minutes to the right of the hotels to the beach vendors. Prepare to barter. I got some really nice stone scuptures for about $10 US each.- If you love dogs, take some water buffet food out to the beach to feed the street dogs. I found them to be very sweet and gentle. Without the food from tourists, they wouldn't survive. I sure wish the hotels would sponsor spaying! Dogs can be found by walking to the left of the hotel for 5-10 minutes, or up near the beach vendors to the right.- To survive buffet eating, don't put too many different foods on the plate at once. The worse I saw was a young boy who placed a serving of jello in the center of a sea of olives! And we blame the hotel for bad food!- If you have a chance to have Club Golden or Club Hacienda rooms, they can be worth it for extras included. Be aware that not many rooms in any section of the hotel have an ocean view.- While this hotel is new, it may be a good time to visit. Prices seem very reasonable and facilities seem to be a cut above the neighboring hotels we walked through.- If you want to take Dominican rum home, don't wait until arrival at the airport. Incredulously, the duty free store sold Cuban rum instead!I recommend this hotel to anyone looking at having a carefree week or two away. If you have questions, feel free to email me.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to be My self and my girl friend recently returned from Punta Cana. We stayed at the Bahia Principe. I have to say that this resort would rate a 4 star not a 5 star as listed. The surroundings were great. The food was wounderful on the buffets, but the restaurants on the resort would rate a as follows; Japanese 2, Italian 3, Sea food 1, French 1. the buffet a 5 star forsure. Lots of choice and good quality. The rooms are beautiful all tile and marble with nice balconies. Lots of room. Remember to tip your maid when you arrive. She will be sure to do the little extras. We also put a gift for her on the pillow every day for her and her family. She thought that was wounderful. Remember to leave a note saying she can have the gift or she cannot leave the hotel with it. The pools were very nice and super clean. The bar service was great and lots of choice. There is no bar service on the beach which would rate this property a 4 star not a 5 star as listed. The views are magic so bring lots of film. Oh ya things like film, shampoo, sun screen ect are a fortune at this resort. example 3 pairs of mens hains underwear $69 dollars us. The hotel staff are very friendly and do there best. Not knowing english it can be hard for them to communicate so a little spanish goes a long way. The inner workings of this hotel needs work. It took 2 hours to check in and the tours were hard to book at times. Remember check out time is 12 noon. We checked out at 1 pm and they tried t bill us $10.00 more after we spent thousands already. Not 5 star service. Over all this is a great property i would stay there again for sure.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was fun !!! We just returned from our trip a week ago. All in all the hotel was beautiful, brand new. Staff were really friendly, our room was always clean and well kept. There are staff working round the clock cleaning and buff floors, sweeping. The buffet restaurant was good, the seafood night was really good. We went to the Grill on night for dinner, it was good not great. The mexican restaurant was not good at all. We are used to a little spicey food and GARLIC, so we found that the food was a little bland. Lots to eat at the buffet.Great weather, sunny every day. Lots of beach chairs, no problem getting one on the beach or at the pools.The biggest problem that we found was the night we got there, it was so unorganized. We had to wait one and a half hours before we were checked in and at our room. My kids were so tired, they could really try to change the system with check in, it was bad.Other then that, we had a great time. My kids are 11 and 13, but they found lots to do.If you are travelling to Punta Cana, I would recommend the Bahia Principe.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Complete paradise - I wouldn't change a thing! My friend and I (girls 26  28) stayed at the Bahia Principe from Dec 5-12th and enjoyed every second of it! I was somewhat worried when I read some of these reviews, but I will assume that some people forget they are on vacation and need to relax! I can't believe some of the petty complaints people come up with ?!?!Anyway, we both LOVED the resort .....it was PARADISE! In fact, we are planning our next trip for April :)First, the resort was beautiful and clean. The resort is huge and our room was somewhere around the middle. Other people payed extra to stay in rooms closer to the beach, which in my opinion is not worth it. If you're closer to the beach, then you're further from the entertainment and food. There are shuttles all the time that take you everywhere, so location really doesn't matter. Food - We didn't have any problems with the food. The main buffet had a variety of choices including a pasta bar. If a person can't find something they like to eat....well, thats odd!Drinks - Oh yes, the drinks!! I think we tried every drink known to mankind. Some bartenders didn't add enough liquor so I always asked for mucho rum which worked for me! Jose and Jervy at the snackbar by the beach make the best drinks...maybe the tips helped!Beach - The beach is beautiful...white sand and blue water. I've been to Mexico, Cuba, Jamaica and Puerto Plata and this is one of the nicest beaches I have seen. Bartenders/Maids - They were all wonderful. Yes, some do not speak english very well, but I don't speak Spanish very well! They were always helpful, friendly and smiling :) Our maid was awesome. We left her things we brought from home which she loved. Our room was always spotless.Nightlife - This resort is not one big party if that's what you're looking for. There are a lot of couples and families, however, if you want nightlife, you can always find it like we did! First, there is a disco at the resort which not too bad, but we got sick of it after a few nights. We ended up going to the Rui Disco, which was great. It was a mix of tourists and locals. I would recommend this one if you want to go out and dance. We also went to the disco at the Flamenco which was not too bad, but I recommend the Rui one. Daytrips - We tried 2 different day trips. The first I would recommend to anyone which is the Bavaro Runners. It's a full day trip where you head out into the countryside and actually learn some of the culture. Our tourguide was CRAZY! (that is a good thing) and made the trip super fun! The second trip was a speedboat/snorkelling trip which was fun, but some of the speedboats were a bit scary! The steering was a bit sketchy!The only thing I would change about the trip was staying longer! Our next trip will be 2 weeks. If you have any questions don't hesitate to ask, email is cindom111@hotmail.com.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the resort! I would definitely recommend this resort to anyone. My friend and I had a wonderful time. The food at the buffet was pretty good, a lot of variety. The Steak House and Mexican restaurants were excellent. The Japanese restaurant was definitely a must as well. We had upgraded our package to the club golden, and glad we did. We had beach front rooms, with a patio. Our fridge was stocked daily with fresh beverages. The maid service was always on time, never ran out of anything. The staff at the resort were very friendly, always smiling and courteous. Every evening after the club, we always had a ride back to our rooms. This resort is huge, with lots to do. We hit the club next door at the Rio, which was awesome. It is only a $5 taxi ride, and the club is always busy. We will definitely be back next year!!! A special thanks to Nelly, the bartender on the beach, and to all our various drivers!!!!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My best so far! Lovely resort!!! We stayed to the Club Golden Principe (Bahia Principe Punta Cana) from December 5th to 12th. One of our best vacation! This resort is an excellent choice for the Punta Cana destination. It was our second trip to Punta Cana, the first one was in November 2001 and we were at Barcelo Bavaro Beach. In the past, we also went to Varadero Cuba, Jamaica (twice), Cancun and Acapulco.Our flight (Air Transat) to go to Punta Cana (from Montreal) was delayed for 4 hours (a problem with the motor of the plane); so we arrived at the resort in the evening instead of the middle of the afternoon. 30-35 minutes ride to go to the resort from the airport. The resort (Bahia Principe Punta Cana) was not ready to do the check-in so they asked to the bus driver to bring us to the Bahia Principe Bavaro lobby to do the check-in. We were not aware at that time that there are two lobbys for the same complex/resort. We were around 12 or 14 people in the bus going at this resort and doing the checkin at the same time. So little confusion for the check-in.As you walk down the main pathway from the lobby to the beach, Bahia Principe Punta Cana is on the right and Bahia Principe Bavaro is on the left. The upgrade section 芦 Club Golden Principe 禄 (golden bracelet) belong to Bahia Principe Punta Cana side and the 芦 Club Hacienda Principe 禄 belong to Bahia Principe Bavaro side. They (Bahia Principe Punta Cana lobby and Bahia Principe Bavaro lobby) have each their own buffet restaurant, Japanese and Gourmet restaurants, with the same food. So when you go at these a la carte restaurants (Japanese or Gourmet) be sure to go to the good one depending where your room is located. The Italian, Garden Grill (steakhouse), Mexican and Seafood Restaurants are shared by both hotels. We were around 3000 people in the resort during our vacation week. Due to the layout of the hotel and the many pools and restaurants, it never seemed to be crowded. The closest buildings to the beach are for 芦 Club Golden Principe 禄 guests. These buildings (Club Golden Principe) are 2 storey buildings (no elevators). All the others buildings (for the Bahia Principe Punta Cana guests, Bahia Principe Bavaro guests and Club Hacienda Principe guests) are 3 storey buildings (no elevators). Few rooms in the Club Golden Principe buildings have an ocean view. We were in building 5, in Room 5201 (second floor), and if we looked to the left from our balcony we see the beach and the palapas on the beach. But we tipped (10$) the guy at the front desk to have this room (with ocean view); we told him to make us happy and we will do the same. We didn鈥檛 want to have to go back to the lobby the next morning. So if you buy the upgrade 芦 Club Golden Principe 禄, ensure that your room will be located in the Club Golden Principe buildings : 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 20, 21, 22, 23 or 24. The closest building to the beach is the #20. When you look at the beach, Club Golden Principe buildings at your left beginning by 2X are on the side where the beach and/or the pool are more busy and where the entertainment is (pool). Buildings 1, 2, 3, 5 or 7 at your right are on the side where the beach and/or the pool are more quiet. You won鈥檛 be disturb by the construction on the right side (buildings 1, 2, 3, 5 or 7).While we were doing the check-in at Bahia Principe Bavaro, some Club Golden Principe guests have been assigned to a none Club Golden Principe building. When they will assign you a room, ask to see the hotel map area just to ensure you that you are assigned to a room to the good building depending what you booked.A third deluxe hotel, Bahia Principe Premier, with 288 suites, is scheduled to open later in December, and is located in front of the Bavaro section, and is furthest from the beach. Construction was going on while we were there. Checkin time is at 3 p.m. and checkout is at noon. Late checkouts may be available (at an extra charge). Otherwise, they put your luggage in a locked room off the lobby and you can have access to it during the day. At the check-in, for the Club Golden Principe Guests, they will give you a golden bracelet, an hotel map and two room key cards (if they give you only one, ask for a second one). You won鈥檛 receive any towel cards because the beach towels are already in your room. We strongly suggest you to take the in-room safe (it will cost you 35$ US for a week that you have to pay at the check-in). There are two kind of safes at this resort, one working with a key (if you loose it, it鈥檚 very expensive 鈥?around 150$ US, and one working with the room key cards 鈥?we got this one). A bellboy will take you and your luggages to your room. If you need to put one card in the slot inside the door to run the electricity and air conditioning in the room, I don鈥檛 recommend you to put the room key card in that slot if the safe is also programmed in this card. I suggest you to bring other kind of cards (we tried Metro/Bus card, Air Miles cards, etc.) and all of them work. In our case, we already had a card in the slot when we arrived. Don鈥檛 know if it is the room maid who put this card there but we tried to open the safe with (just in case) and it didn鈥檛 work. White trams take you from the lobbys to the pool/beach area. Multi-color trams bring you from the pool/beach area to Pueblo Principe (shopping center), Bahia Spa, Gym, Tennis and Mini-Golf. To walk from the lobby to the beach, it will take you about 15 minutes. There is an umbrella in the room to use when it鈥檚 raining, as the walkways are not covered. While we were there, it rained only on Thursday morning (from 7h00 am to 8h30 am). The first morning we went to the Club Golden Guest Services and made our dinner reservations for the week (if you are there for two weeks, you can do them for all your stay) at the a la carte restaurants. If you鈥檙e in Club Golden, you get 4 a la carte dinners per week. Make your reservations the first day, as the best times fill up quickly. If you are not in Club Golden, you make your dinner reservations at the regular Guest Services area located beside the front desk. You are entitled to 3 a la carte reservations during the week. If you loose something during your vacation, go at your Guest Services Office. My boyfriend loose his pills and found them there.There are two pool areas on this site, one about halfway down the property, where you will find the Garden Grill and Italian restaurants, Mini Club and Wedding Gazebo, that has a swim-up bar, and the second area, a large swimming pool that is located right in front of the beach, where are the Seafood and Mexican restaurants, and has a cold-water Jacuzzi. There are actually two pools here, joined in the middle, one for each resort. There is a swim-up bar on each side. There are palapas around the pool, but these fill up quickly. They will also come around and take your drink orders at the pools, but not on the beach. The towel hut is located near the pool, where you can exchange your towel cards for beach towels or get clean ones. The beach is beautiful, white sand and palm trees. There are a lot of palapas at the beach and we never had problem to find one any time of the day.During our vacation, all the watersports was operational. In some kind of watersports, even if it鈥檚 included, they will ask you a deposit of 20$ US and as soon as you return the equipment, they will give you back your money. If you need more informations about watersports, see this website of the operator: ---Room is large and nicely decorated, and have 1 king-size bed, and a seating area with couch, table and chairs. Rooms have a telephone, coffee-maker, clock-radio with alarm, TV with a lot of English stations (Warner channel, NBC, TNT, CNN, cartoon channels, sports channels, etc.) and balcony or patio. There is a full bathroom with Jacuzzi tub and shower, hairdryer, and makeup mirror. You also get a few extra goodies like razors and toothbrushes in the basket of amenities, as well as shampoo, bath gel, body lotion, shower cap, etc. We suggest you to bring some washclothes with you. There is a mini fridge stocked daily (not by the room-maid but by another group in charge of re-stocking mini bar in rooms) with 4 small bottles of water, 2 Pepsi, 2 Seven-up, 2 Diet Pepsi, 2 orange juice and 2 Presidente beer. If you want more of something, leave a note and a tip in the fridge, and you鈥檒l get whatever you want. We always asked for extra water, as it is impossible to get bottled water elsewhere in the resort unless you buy it. If you ask for it at a bar, they give it to you in a glass. Or bring your empty water bottles, and bartenders will refill them with purified water for you.In the Club Golden rooms you also have two beach towels. To have them changed, put them on the floor of the bathroom at the end of the day. Room-maid will change them between 6 pm and 7h30 pm if the sign 芦 Do not disturb 禄 sign is not on your door. If beach towels are not changed, it鈥檚 not a big issue : next morning, go to the beach house to change them for clean ones. There are also 2 bathrobes, and an umbrella. There was no iron in the room, but you can request one from housekeeping. The turn-down service at night is another feature of Club Golden Principe, but you will have it only if the Do Not Disturb sign is not on your door between 6pm and 7h30pm. Our room was always cleaned by the room-maid before noon. Room maid will change the towels that she will find on the floor of the bathroom. We tipped her 2$ US per day. If you tip the room-maid, leave the money on the pillow. If you give her a gift (other than money), you have to leave a note with your gift on the pillow, otherwise she won鈥檛 be able to bring your gift with her out of the resort (it will be confiscated by the hotel). Restaurants :There is a main buffet restaurant in the lobby area, open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. It is open from 7 to 10:30 a.m. for breakfast, 1 鈥?3:30 p.m. for lunch, and 7 鈥?10 p.m. for dinner. A smaller buffet for breakfast and lunch is also served in the Seafood Restaurant near the pool and beach. We ate breakfast to the main buffet for the freshly-cooked eggs. We tipped 1$ or 2$ per meal at the buffet (depending of the service).There is also a snack bar with tables and wait service for drinks located by the pool, where they serve hamburgers, hotdogs, French fries, nachos and cheese, chicken, pizza, etc. This is open from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. A la carte restaurants start at 7pm and stop at 9h30pm. We tipped 2$ or 3$ for a la carte restaurants (depending of the service). For the Japanese, we left 5$ (because it鈥檚 like a 芦 cooking show 禄) and we had fun.Italian Restaurant - Il Capriccio We ate here the first and last night. There was a self-serve antipasto bar, and they serve a cheese and pasta appetizer. We ate the chicken escalope (which was very good).Japanese Restaurant - Mikado You are seated at a table for 10 and the food is cooked right in front of you. You get lots of food (rice, vegetables, chicken, shrimps, beef and fish). You eat the meat you want or like. Then you move to individual tables for dessert and coffee/desert. Don鈥檛 be late to this restaurant a la carte. Respect your reservation time.Mexican Restaurant 鈥?El CharroAntipasto bar was very good. Margaritas that they served when you arrived are excellent! We ate chicken tacos and beef fajitas. My boyfriend told me that the beef was better at Mexican Restaurant than the Japanese.For late night snacks you can go to 鈥淏urger Principe鈥?in Pueblo Principe at the front of the resort, where you can get hamburgers, hotdogs and sandwiches. It鈥檚 open from 10 p.m. to 7 a.m. Casino In Pueblo Principe, you will find the casino, which is open from 8 p.m .to 4 a.m. Drinks are not included at the casino.Internet Access If you are a Club Golden Principe guest, you have free internet access in the Club Golden Guest Services. There are two computers available, they ask that you limit your time to 15 minutes if someone else is waiting to use it. There are newspapers and a small bar if you want a drink while you鈥檙e waiting. Otherwise, there is an Internet Cafe in Pueblo Principe, where you can purchase time for $8.00 U.S. per hour, $6 for 40 minutes, or $3 for 10 minutes. Last thing, during our week, we saw an employee (in a Nissan Pick-up) deploying anti-secticide on this site (the stuff didn鈥檛 incommodate us); maybe related to the malaria issue.Here are our tips if you go at that resort :Nice to have # 1 : As recommended by a previous reviewer, bring a shower curtain (2$ - 3$) and a long thin rope (if you want to see how we install this, just send us a e-mail and we will send you back a picture);Nice to have # 2 : Bring your own (or a cheap) carpet bath because the one in the room is really rough for the feet (and it鈥檚 easy to slide in the bath)# 3 : Do not drink too many drinks with coco milk per day (Pina Colada, Coco Loco, Banana Mama, Blue Hawai, etc)# 4 : Do not drink the water of the tap (don鈥檛 brush your teeth with);# 5 : Bring a lot of 1$ bills (because on the site, at the stores, they give you the change in pesos) and for tips# 6: Learn few key words in spanish (hola, vino blanco, gracias, cafe negro, cafe con leche, agua, toalas, etc.)If you have any questions (french or english), send us an e-mail. PS : if we have some spelling mistakes, sorry, we are french canadians.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ccwatkinsmom
<Content>Beautiful resort with some problems We visited this resort from Dec 3 to Dec 10. The resort is beautiful. They have the jitney service down to a science. The beach is nice, but windy, and there is some seaweed. The pools are extraordinary. The specialty restaurants we visited (Mexican, Steakhouse  French) were ok, but the food at the buffets left a lot to be desired. Undercooked, bloody chicken, spoiled lunchmeats  cheeses, cold food. This was our third trip to Punta Cana. We previously stayed at Secrets  Paradisus. The food at those two resorts was stellar. Also, there was not as much of a language barrier. Although I speak some Spanish, it was truly a challenge to communicate at this resort. Lots of problems getting the correct drinks. We heard this complaint from many other guests. Stay away from the casino- bad news. The little shops on the beach are cheap, but be sure to bargain. Be prepared for lots of aggressiveness from the vendors. If you are inclined to get a massage or hair braiding, be sure to bargain. They will come down drastically in price. I would not go back to this resort. We had a lovely time there for a very reasonable price, but there's better to be had elsewhere in Punts Cana.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best trip ever We stayed from Dec 01-08 and this was by far our best trip yet. The staff at the Bahia was incredible. We always had a drink in our hand, never having to wait. The food at the restaurants was excellent, some better than others. A special thanks to the drivers for driving us to our rooms every evening!!! The only thing that ruined our trip, was the airline; air transat....never again!!! Muchos Gracious to the staff at Bahia principe!!!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>timmylulu
<Content>Beautiful resort but the food wasn't so good I stayed here from Dec 4-11 and was very happy with everything except for the food. More specifically the dinner buffet. The breakfast buffet was great and lunch was okay. The dinner buffet was horrible. I ate nothing but the potatoes and some veggies (the meat isn't what I am used to in America.) You can eat breakfast and lunch at the main buffet (which gets really old really fast) or at the Mexican or Seafood restaurant (possibly others too, but we didn't look into it.) The snack bar is also open for lunch, but that was hamburgers and hot dogs and gross pizza (if you can even call it that, possibly my standards are too high being from the NY area though.) The desserts were generally pretty good. I must say though, that some people are from parts of the world where it is okay to sneeze (yes that's right) on food at a buffet and use their hands to pick up item when there are tongs right in front of them. I must say that this greatly effected my eating through the week and as a result I didn't gain any weight during the week, which I can't really complain about. For our dinners we ate at the Japanese, Seafood, and Steak restaurants. The Steak and Japanese were great. The Seafood wasn't so good, my husband likes his entree and mine was okay. There was a buffet for hor d'oeuvres which was pretty bad (I hope to never see a buffet again.) I ordered an entree that was shrimp and flounder, when I got it there were three shrimp and a long banana slice, when I asked the waiter about the flounder he told me that they were out of flounder so I got a banana slice (since when is a banana slice a substitute for a piece of fish?) The soups were bad there too.All the drinks were great, sometimes they were a little light on the alcohol, but the bartenders will add more if you ask. All the staff was very friendly and said hi as you past them on the walkway. It does help to speak a little Spanish. I got by with my couple of years that I took in high school and college so we were fine. Most of the staff can converse with you in English.The rooms are beautiful and the maids did a great job cleaning every day. Our fride was restocked daily, the maid doesn't do it though, it is a beverage car that comes around and does it, so don't be alarmed if your room has been cleaned but your fridge hasn't been restocked yet....it will get done.The pools are great and the beach is nice too. Since the resort is on the eastern tip of the island it is very windy so the ocean has a lot of waves and is not conducive to snorkling. We didn't do any activities or see any shows so we can't report on them. We did go to the vendors and they will harass you.....they also give you a crazy high price on things, you should pay about 1/3 of what they originally tell you (for example we bought some cigars and rum and the girl told us it would $95 USD.....we ended up paying about 35 (if I remember correctly.) I don't suggest you buy Cuban cigars if you are coming back to the US b/c they may check at the airport in the US (we saw a guy getting questioned about it.) They also have drug dogs at the DR airport so don't try anything illegal either!The resort is huge but there are carts that drive you around. We didn't book the golden club, but ended up getting a room in building 6 (which is the golden club.) It was close to the beach so it was very nice and convenient. I brought Avon Skin So Soft and put it on everyday and wasn't bitten by one bug...my husband put nothing on and didn't get bitten either....All in all the resort was beautiful and the people were great, but I wouldn't go back b/c of the food. Possibly if they let you eat at the restaurants everynight then I would go back. Maybe I am too picky, but oh well : ) If you aren't too picky of an eater (I am not picky, but a bit of a snob I think) then you may enjoy this place.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>koshka
<Content>Great hotel!!! November 28 - December 5, 2004Group of 6 (2 couples + 5 yr.old and 6 yr. old) traveled to Bahia Principe Punta Cana Nov.28 - Dec. 5th). We have previously stayed in Occidental Grand Flamenco and Iberostar Hacienda in DR, Iberostar Quetzal and Riu Jalisco in Mexico.WEATHER: I have to say that we got lucky - it only rained for 5 MIN at 8 am everyday. Sunny the rest of the day, little windy by the beach. According to other reviews, it rained almost nonstop the week before and next week..FUNJET Vacations (out of Chicago O'Hare) - as always, well organized and efficient. Representatives waiting at the airport, bus waiting, CHECK IN ON THE BUS (!), representative in the resort, representative on the bus back to the airport, and then they actually form a corridor for you so you know where to go right until you get through the baggage check and go to your gate. Bravo!CHECK IN - We requested rooms in the same building, but were assigned rooms in 2 different buildings. Front desk tried to tell us to come back tomorrow to change rooms, but having been through this couple of times before we asked for manager who promptly gave us 2 rooms in the same building and even on the same floor.CLUB GOLDEN - we were offered to upgrade for $10 per person/$5 per child per day. We didn't upgrade, and it turned out we did the right thing: we were in building 8, and building 7 was one of the Golden's, so we were 30 seconds further from the beach then people who paid for upgrade.. And there is not much difference in status, really.. THE BEACH - white sand, plenty of shade, very clean. Not sure why people mentioned sand flee bites - did not have that problem at all. Ocean was little wavy, but kids enjoyed it. There was some seaweed in the water - probably because of the waves.TRAMS - run from the beach all the way to the lobby. Great idea, especially if you are tired from the sun, or kids are cranky.. They literally run every minute, and you push button inside to let the driver know where to stop.SERVICE - was very good (we tipped a little, of cause..). Found a form in our room and marked it to indicate that we wanted our room cleaned between 10am and noon - which is exactly what they did. Tipped our maid $2 a day, always had plenty of towels. Also left $1 on the table every time we went for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Of cause, they do not speak much English, but we did not have a problem with that. Note, that they will better understand you if you say Aqua, please! - and smile instead of saying Could you please bring 2 glasses of water as soon as you can.... Also, if you want stronger drink, just ask for extra vitamins - they understand perfectly well ;-)KIDS CLUB - amazing. My daughter flatly refused to stay there at first - but then she met Damin (one of the girls who works there). All the kids loved her, and they had so much fun there. They go extra mile to make kids happy!ROOMS - GREAT!!! Having paid the same price for 20 yr old Grand Flamenco last year (filthy blankets, always shortage of towels, no headboards, rusty bathtubs, plenty of bugs, leaky ceiling). I was really happy with brand new room in Bahia. We had king size bed, and our daughter slept on the sofa in the sitting area - we did not even have to ask for a rollaway bed. Jacuzzi tub in EVERY room! Our 2nd floor room was always spotless, haven't seen a single bug in a week. You can control air-conditioning,in the room - make it colder/warmer. Minibar refilled every single day - just the way it was supposed to be. We also found that if you take water bottles out of the fridge, they will add them the same day - therefore we always had enough bottled water to bring to the beach/pool - which is important to have for the kids. IN-ROOM SAFE - beware! Price seems to fluctuate: they charged us $35 a week, but other people only paid $30..BUFFETS - excellent. As I mentioned before, I have other 4 all-exclusive鈥檚 to compare to, and Bahia's buffets are the best. We went to El Pescador by the beach for breakfast, and main buffet for lunch/dinner. I consider myself a very picky eater, and I loved their food. ALA CARTE - one thing I noticed was that ala carte restaurants were virtually empty, but at the same time it was almost impossible to get a reservation (except for 9 pm) unless you book right away when you arrive (which we did).  Italian Restaurant - nothing special. You can cook pasta at home better then they did.. French Restaurant (Le Gourmet) - excellent. Had appetizers, main course and deserts - everything was really good! Also, they had excellent espresso and cappuccino.Japanese Restaurant - I did not expect much, but have to say that food did not taste like Japanese at all.. Pre-cooked fried rice plus steak/shrimp/chicken selection that had zero taste..SHOWS - usual mix of funny audience participation shows and dancing shows. We enjoyed it. Another nice feature is Bahia town where you can head after main show is over and enjoy the band/shops.In summary I have to say that I absolutely LOVED this hotel. Please go and enjoy while prices are not sky high - which I am sure they will be after this hotel is well established.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Problems with Check in and Room Service Front Desk Issues:1) Do not speak English2) Would not even try to accommodate any room change request-would not even attempt to write down your name or issues with the resort3) Be advised there is a $35.00 US charge for the in - room safe which is not obvious in the brochures4) Problems with Bar Stocking and Housekeeping (no towels in the whole complex we were in and had to hassle everyday for a facecloth and extra towel, and even toilet paper5) Express Service means 3-4 calls and several hours wait.6) The Manager Lois is totally unapproachable to the point of being Rude.Resort is beautiful, Restaurant and Bar Service Good but Restaurant did run out of certain basic condiments.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Malaria Shmalaria.... There seemed to be mass confusion with staff when we arrived. One of the staff wanted us to see the bags, see the bags, one wanted us to go to reception, one wanted us to go to dinner, one sent us back to make tags for our bags? Anyway, it all worked out in the end. We paid the extra for the Golden Club and we were very pleased with the extra services it provided us. Another couple we were with also paid for the golden and did not get half of what we got without fights at the front desk. I think it is hit or miss with this service. Rooms are big and clean, the only issue we had was being on the first floor, seems the floors are paper thin. We actually went upstairs much to the embarasment of the lady with a friendly reminder that we could hear everything they did upstairs. Try to get on the top floor!The food was good in all the resturants that we tried. No complaints but the service in the Itallian was really bad (I think we we're in the practice section!) but it was amazing how fast the waiter could run after us when we didn't sign for the bottle of wine we ordered. If this happened to us at home, we would have walked out. Other folk we met had the best service at the Italian that same night. Again, hit or miss.The nightly shows were not up to other five star resort standards, a bit of a dissapointment for us however our kids did enjoy them. It's a young resort and it can only get better with time. The beach was awesome and pool areas was always clean but once again the level of service at the pool differred from day to day, whether you tipped or not. For the most part it was pretty good.These trivial items were the worst of our stay, so all in all we'd have to say our stay was pleasant and we'd go back again. The staff do work very hard and long hours and all in all things run quite smoothly for a resort this size.The malaria scare ought to make for some great deals on this and other Punta Cana resorts.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely the best vacation We stayed the last 2 weeks in November, and I would recommend it to anyone. We have stayed in about 10 hotels in the DR but this is by far the best. The rooms are superb, but not many with sea views. That is the only downside. Food 100%.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great holiday at bahia principe We stayed at the bahia principe in punta cana from nov 25 to dec2. We travelled with another couple and we were really pleased withthe cleanliness and layout of this resort. Everything was beautiful andbrand new and the rooms were big and the beds really comfortable.We ate at the seafood, italian and french restaurants and they wereall good. The service at the italian started great, but than it droppedoff as it got more busy. New workers so they tried hard but werea little confused with lack of english and our lack of spanish(same inall resorts in D.R. beautiful evening area beside casino to have drinksand do a little shopping. The beach was beautiful and sunny everydaywith only few scattered clouds. We stayed 2 years ago at riu bachatain p plata and this surpassed that even though it was really nice. Wantto come back again when we want a relaxing vacation with manythings to do to keep from being bored.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>" EXPECTED BETTER " was at the BP THE WEEK OF NOV 7TH TO DEC 4TH 2004.I would really give the hole vacation a 3.9 and i will explain why....First we got in at 10:00 PM ON SATURDAY with the golden club option(I D'ONT RECOMMEND THE EXTRA MONEY 400.00 CANADIAN FOR NOTHING) take the standard room it is exactly the same but farderfrom the beach ,that you d'ont see anyway......To get back to the arrival , there is only 1 place you can eat and theyserve hot dogs and hamburgers...so so....The next day it took us the hole day to see the place , it is very big..the sea is very WAVEY and the beach very dissapointing...We could not swim at all, good thing there are 3 huge pools veryclean .Now the food , very poor in deed for a 5 star hotel .buffet is very poor in taste and presentationWe had the best meals in the italian restaurant yummy...and the gourmet . the grill is horrible.the good thing about this hotel in the train that brings you everywereat any time.the personnel is friendly (we tiped a lot ) rooms are very big and clean.service for rooms are good too.for the price we had a better time in LA ROMANA at the CASA DEL MARAT BAYAIBE.WILL NEVER GO BACK TO PUNTA CANA... it is true about the moskitos,bring some cortisone creme and some OFF wheather was good no rain at all but folks there are many places togo before this place.if you need more info email me at maya5656@hotmail.comhave a good vacation....  
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nonesense reviews I cant beleive some of the reviews i read on here saying that they are diappointed with this hotel. I found it to be 5 star quality in all aspect, beach, accommodation, food etc.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rose2004
<Content>Difficult to write........ The resort is lovely, the beach inviting and the DR hotel employees work hard to do a good job. Our room was great and our room needs were met. It is not an English country so we expected to deal with a foreign language and this was not a problem. Some food is very good, the deserts are not really up to par but this is a minor point. All that smoking was frustrating so thank goodness the dining areas were smoke free. The future will probably bring good things to this country but some tourist education sure needs to happen! My husband developed some weird illness and was hospitalized direct from the return flight to Vancouver and spent five days in hospital. We are well travelled but this incident was a new experience. Now, because of the Malaria issue he is being tested. We did not leave the hotel complex so it seems that something there probably triggered it. I was covered in more than 40 mosquito bites. Tourists need to be told to take the same precautions that they would take in any exotic developing country. Take care not to have a cavalier attitude, it is important to understand that just because nothing happened in previous visits is not an indication to not protect yourself. Upon exploring the internet you will find that there was a Malaria outbreak about 5 years ago in the Bavaro area and also many other nasty exotic bugs to be aware of in the DR. I could see that the resort was foggingso I thought we would be safe, we failed to take additional personal protection. Regardless of what bug my husband caught we will never be so careless because the price is far higher than a ruined vacation. Rose from Vancouver  
<Date>Dec 4, 2004
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stick with Sandals We visited the Bahia Principe Punta Cana between Nov. 13-20, 2004. We've been to Sandals in Jamaica and other North American resorts, and we were expecting the same type of service, quality, and food in Punta Cana - wrong!Not a lot of time to do a review, but here's a synopsis:The Good:Weather - except for the windNew ResortBartenders at the pool barThe Bad:No one speaks English and most are rudeNo coffee maker - even after asking for one every dayNo alarm clock - even after asking for one every dayFood is of very poor quality - limited selection - only had one a la carte dinner that would be passable if eating at a restaurant in TorontoOverpriced (we paid $1400 CDN pp with insurance for the trip)The Ugly:European men in speedosOverall recommendation - spend your money somewhere else - like Jamaica (Sandals) - Bahamas - or Florida (Disney) until the people at Punta Cana learn the words Customer Service - no one should go there.Oh yeah, the CDC has issued a travel advisory - apparently - Punta Cana is infested with Malaria now too.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"What the doctor ordered" Having travelled to lots of countries in my time, it was the first trip to DR and boy I was not disappointed. This hotel was great for our family of four right down to the service. Rooms are well laid out and cleaned once a day by the friendly cleaning staff. your bar is stocked up as well once a day, however you only get two beers so hide any that you have left over otherwise they will not give you any. the same goes for pop and water. The grounds are immaculate and the swimming pools are well laid out for kids especially the one farthest from the beach. Went to the beach a couple of days, however one of our little boys did not like it so we were forced to the pool. There are lots of activities going on around the pools and beach area so you should not get bored. We went to one a la carte restaurant and it was good, however we were at the buffet all the time and the food was very good for all of us. The service that we enjoyed was excellent especially in the buffet as we kept going to our regular area and got the same persons all the time serving us. This was a blessing sometimes as our 2 year old is a little bit stubborn so the the waitresses would feed him for us as he could not say no to them. Tipped a lot but everybody deserved everthing they got from us as we got probably better service sometimes.I could go on and on, however last 2 things to mention. Take sunscreen lotion with you as it is very expensive and they only sell one type of beer so if your looking for imported stuff your out of luck.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>As good as it gets The best hotel in the Carribean in our book, weve already booked to go again. The beach is stunning.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sandrat13
<Content>Perfect vacation WHAT A BEAUTIFUL RESORT, we stayed in club golden, closest building to the beach. I can't think of one bad thing. We were totally pleased with everything. As for the little shower problem, just make the adjustment(don't aim the shower head out so far) rooms are lovely. Food was awesome (but were not fussy) Al a carte resturants are very good, the only one we didnt care for was the seafood (too much seafood) we very much enjoyed japanese, italian, french, steakhouse, mexican and of course the buffet. The beach is beautiful, you can walk for miles. While we were there the water was a bit rough, the weather was sunny, cloudy, and windy. (thank god for the breeze) We had one full day of rain. The people who work there are really friendly, some speak english and some not, just make the extra effort and learn a little spanish and remember your in a different country and a very poor country. We bought small gifts from home and we also tipped all the time (thats up to you, but very much appreciated) I even left a stack of our clothes, my runners and all of our toiletries. All in all our two week vacation was perfect. If you have any questions I'll be happy to answer back.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top class hotel Resort 5*Hotel 5*Rooms 5*Food 5*Sea 5 *Service 5 *Overall 5 *  
<Date>Nov 27, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Has Potential Visited Bahia Principe Punta Cana, Nov 10 鈥?Nov 17. It was our first time in DR but we鈥檝e stayed in many other all inclusive in Mexico and Cuba.The resort is new. It has two sections (with the third one under construction), Bahia Principe Punta Cana and Bahia Principe Bavaro. They are situated opposite each other, perpendicular to the beach. It covers a big area, so some villas are quite far from the beach (but closer to the reception and most of the restaurants including two main buffet restaurants). A convenient shuttle every few minutes transports guest from the main lobby to the beach. The grounds are beautiful and well maintained. Check in was quite efficient.The room was very nice, with marble floor and marble tiled bathroom. I鈥檓 intrigued why a toilet seat is too small for the toilet. It was like this in all washrooms in the hotel. In fact, I remember this from other resorts too (Cancun). There was a jet bathtub. Mini bar was restocked daily. There is a 5 USD/day fee for a safe. Air conditioning not very efficient and during our stay it wasn鈥檛 working at all for two nights, as far as I now, in the whole hotel . No explanation, no apologies. The room was always very clean, housekeeping staff very good. One night we discovered that we had no towels (old gone, no new ones). It took two calls and about 90 minutes to get towels. Meanwhile we dried ourselves with napkins and the dryer.Food was adequate but not great. Buffet selection was limited, many dishes that supposed to be hot, were barely warm or cold. One could spot an occasional fly sharing the food. Service was very friendly but not so efficient. We are tea drinkers and our request for tea always caused great confusion. To gather all three components (a cup, a tea bag and hot water) took animated discussions and a long time. Hot water was barely warm and in very limited quantities. Staff almost don鈥檛 speak English (except for some in the reception and guest services)The beach was very good. White sand, no rocks. No problems with finding beach chairs or palapas. All days during our stay were very windy so water was quite rough but the beach is protected by the reef about 500m from the shore, so it was possible to swim and enjoy. We found many pieces of glass on the beach.Watersports are outsourced to Scuba Caribe. They have about 10 kayaks, some paddleboats, 4 catamarans and possibly some other stuff that remained inside a shack. During our stay they didn鈥檛 give any equipment as it was too windy (I don鈥檛 blame them, it really was). Scubacaribe site outlines the rules of renting equipment (i.e 30 min/day for catamarans in Bahia Principe) for this and other hotels they operate in.Swimming pools are quite good but not so impressive like in some other resorts. For such a big resort they could be larger.This is an 鈥渁ll inclusive鈥?resort meaning that you have access to everything, right? Wrong! There are some privileged groups of guests with 鈥渟tronger鈥?plastic wrist bands having access to more amenities. These are usually gimmicks not worth the higher price (though sometimes they are actually cheaper than regular, you have to really check before booking) but it is annoying that you don鈥檛 have access to certain areas etc. As far as I know this includes 4 a la carte dinners (instead of normal 3), access to a lounge with free internet, beach towels in the room (whatever it means) etc. Perhaps this is a common trend now in other resorts too.A spa is very elegant. A gym with treadmills, weights, etc is somehow smallish. North Americans were a minority in the resort. Many guests from Europe, many different languages.. Some topless women on the beach and around the pool.Entertainment was rather poor. Some lip singing to recorded music and some dancing. Some jokes and contests not very tasty (balloons between legs, obscene gestures, etc)In summary, this is a quite nice resort with many areas for improvement, the main being food selection and quality. Perhaps because of its size it is hard to manage and it is plagued with small annoying problems. Definitely, as is, it is not a five start resort. It represents a good value with a combination of a low price and acceptable quality.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just what we needed My wife and I Were looking for a beautiful place in the carribian to celebrate or 25th anniversary and we found it at the Bahia Principe. This place is absolutely top notch and as clean as I've ever seen at a resort. The only negatives about our week (Nov.5-12) was recieving our clean towels a few days and the air was out our last 2 days due to some maintainence problems. This place is brand new so i'm sure there are a few bugs to work out.These are the positives. The staff could not be nicer. Living in America, I'm not used to being served with a smile and respect. You can't help but love these people. The food was good and plentiful and the service outstanding. I never ate so much or so often in all my life. The grounds,pools, Villas,resturants,etc. were beyond my expectations.Don't forget your camera. I took over 250 photos and you can capture the beauty of this place for post card quality. The cost was very affordable and worth the expense. One thing that took some getting use to was the toppless women at the beach and pool. If you are thinking of taking young or teenage children with you this may not be the place to go.All in all we had a great week and would probably return someday.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vondervoman
<Content>Traveled Many Places ~ One of the Best! Although I am young, I have travelled extensively and have been to many places including: Puerto Vallarta, Holguin, Varadero, Barbados, Puerto Plata and now Punta Cana. I feel I have to tell you this, as some of the negative reviews come from people that have not traveled to the Carribean and give rather narrow-minded reviews that may be skewed. Take it from from a person that has been on 10 trips to the Carribean ... this resort deserves top honours! I stayed there from November 5 - 12th.A few comments before I get into detail. Complaining about waiting time for drinks is silly, afterall, you are in no rush ... you are on vacation! They live a different lifestyle and isn't that what we decided to get a break from? Weather? Beyond your control, be happy that you are not in 20 inches of snow. People who complain about the food must consider fast food a staple. If you can't find one thing to eat, there isn't a problem with the buffet, there is a problem with your taste buds. Complaining that people speak Spanish ... hmmm, you are in another country! When people come to Canada or to the USA, don't they expect us to speak English? One last thing, if you are one of those people that are complaining that the people are miserable, guess what ... we all have had bad days at work too and equally as important, if I had to serve extremely demanding, narrow-minded people I wouldn't be too friendly either! If you can afford to go on a holiday, consider yourself blessed.Suggestions/Tips: Book Golden Club. You get rooms closer to the beach (resort is huge), beach towels in your room daily (otherwise you have to exchange them daily at the pools by using a card system), unlimited access to internet, turn-down service, room service (snacks) and you don't have to be checked in, they will do it on the bus ride from the airport.Rooms: The nicest I have seen in the Carribean. The bathrooms are lovely with lots of room. I read people complaining about the towels not being exchanged which is untrue. They probably were not familiar that they conserve energy there as opposed to us North American wasters. Which means, if you want your towels changed, leave them on the floor, otherwise it means you are okay for towels. I highly suggest that you request a second floor room.Construction: This is a new resort. Extremely beautiful, however, there is construction in the main lobby. Someone also complained about this, but I wonder why they didn't mention that the hotel lobby is quite far from any of the rooms. I had no complaints about the noise, in fact I welcomed the laughter of children and adults alike.Food: No complaints. If all you eat is fast food ... stay home. There has got to be something you like. Highly recommend the Japanese Restaurant, Le Gormet, and the Grillhouse. Book your a la carte reservations as soon as you get there to avoid disappointment. Someone also mentioned in their review that there was nothing to eat after 11pm. WRONG! They just didn't head to the Hamburger place that is open in Pueblo Principe (which is apart of the resort) from 12 am to 7 am in the morning. Perfect for those who like to dance and then head to the disco.Service: Friendly smiling faces. Will do anything for you if you are polite and patient. I ventured off to another hotel disco and came back at 4:30 in the morning. Since the shuttles to the room were not in service during that time. Not a problem, one of the Bell-boys drove me straight to my room in his golf cart. Tips are optional, but if you are pleased with the service, bring lots of one dollar bills, it doesn't huirt to commend people who are doing a great job and they will work harder to make sure you are accomodated. The animation team works hard to ensure that there is something for everyone and that everyone is having fun.Entertainment: I read that someone said that the entertainment is not appropriate for children. I did not find this to be the case, but if it is for you, I would suggest that that's why the shows are later and there is a mini club for kids earlier in the evening. If you are expecting the National ballet or a production of Mama Mia, go to bed, but if you realize the amount of practice that goes into their routines, you will appreciate the shows. I highly recommend heading to Pueblo Principe after the night shows. The House Band is amazing and well worth staying up past 11pm. For those of you who like to dance, there is no shortage here. The disco on the premises is okay, drinks are included. No locals from outside allowed, however, I went to the Riu disco and it is much more alive. It costs $5.00 by cab to get there and it is only 5 minutes away. Drinks are not included, but for a more alive atmosphere, it is worth a night! The casino is small, but something to do if you are not into dancing.Beach/Pools: Sand soft as flour. Exquisite. The water is also very nice, but Cuba is the place for the nicest water I have seen. Chairs always available. Head to the beach during the beach party. Lots of fun! Three pools. Main pool very happening and closet to the beach. One pool is very quiet and the chairs are like beds with a thick mattress. The other pool is quite nice with the right amount of peace and music.Shopping: No people walking on the beach selling stuff which is nice. If you like to have your hair done in braids, there is a place at the quiet pool. The spa is nice as well. There is a little beachmarket very close by, where eveyone wants to do a deal. Practice bargaining before you go there. Whatever they ask, cut it down drastically. Be approachable with a friendly smile. These people love jokes. Bring stuff to trade as well. I brought pencils and paper for children since they require it for school. There are also shops on the premises. Security: Very much in view and you'll feel safe ... even on the beach. You must pay for the safe in the room. $5.00 per night.Last tips: Bring bug spray for evenings, people don't think of it. Little mosquitoes can be nippy. Learn a few phrases in Spanish. While we were there ... 5 weddings took place. This place must be doing something right!Overall - a fantastic, beautiful place. Planning to go back in a few months.Remember, you are on vacation so relax and have fun!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Merry
<Content>good value My husband and I had a very pleasant stay at the Gold Club Bahia Principe (Nov.14) We had an oceanview room in bldg. 20 (closest to the beach). Check in was a breeze. This resort is huge.Beach: good waves, can walk for miles, beautiful.Food: decent lunch buffet, favourite a la cartes were Mexican, Japanese, Steakhouse. I can see how one would tire of the food if staying longer than one week. We had room service, continental breakfast almost every morning - nice treat. It only took about 10-15 minutes to arrive. No complaints about service.Overall: If you're looking to relax - this is a good place to go. I think we got good value for our money. The Punta Cana airport on the way home was brutal! We waited 1 1/2 hours in line to get our boarding passes and it was really a junky place. This has nothing to do with the resort, but it really put me off returning to Puna Cana. I'll be going back to Cancun - my favourite spot.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gimmethebeach
<Content>Wow What a Vacation!!! My My My, where do I begin? We were there Nov 15-22I guess I'll start with some complaints about the posts on this board. There are obviously some high strung people that don't understand the concept of vacation. This is a marvelous resort with over 2000 dominican employees. We found out that they work for 3000 pesos/month. That is about $25 US per week. These people are very proud of their country, resorts, beaches, etc. So what if you have to call the front desk to have your room cleaned. We did too and it didn't bother us at all. Our maid worked 6 days a week at the resort 10+ hours per day to support her and her two small children. All for $25 a week and we NEVER saw her without a smile on her face!We are very spoiled in the western world and need to take the time to look around outside the resort on your way from the airport to truly understand what it is like there. We saw shack after shack, tent after tent, people living in cardboard boxes, etc. It is absolutely gut wrenching to see that poverty and then complain about the service at your 5 star resort.OK, now off of my soap box and on to my thoughts of the Bahia :)First rule of travel to the DR...take your watch off and put it in your suitcase. There is NO concept of time there and the sooner you accept that fact the more fun you have on your trip. Our 20 min ride from the airport took over an hour. Our 7pm dinner reservations came at 7:10. Order a glass of Agua and it comes in 10 min. Take a day trip that is supposed to return at 5pm and get back at 8pm. Take a deep breath, relax, throw your watch away and enjoy the Caribbean!Checkin was a breeze. I highly recommend the Golden Club. We upgraded at the resort for $10US/day/person. Well worth it!!! I can't even begin to write how much better it was. Checkout was just as simple.Food: buffet was fine. service a little slower here than restaraunts but still ok (read above about the agua). different themed dinner buffet every night. Lunch and breakfast was basically the same every day. Lunch buffet doesn't open till 1pm so we usually ate at the snack bar. (mixed drinks are a LOT better at the snack bar than the lobby bar)  Seafood rest: awesome. We had the mixed grill for two that had lobster, shrimp, oysters, fish, surf n turf kabobs. Service was great. French rest: The Red Snapper was great but my wife didn't like the Mahi Mahi. Garden Grill/Steakhouse: awesome! Service was best of the restaraunts. We were there on our anniversary and they made a special desert for us and made us feel so special. Steak is not filet mignon but it wasn't bad. I had the BBQ beef which is more like Pot roast but it was very tasty. Japanese: was the best by far. More food than you can imagine. All cooked right at your table. You get chicken, fish, shrimp, and beef plus rice, veggies, soup, sushi, and desert. Wish I could have gone there twice!!We didn't have any trouble with construction or power outages. They are building a new section close to the Bavaro side of the resort but we were at the Punta Cana side and had no problems.Free tip of the day: To aleviate the water on the bathroom floor problem I took a $2 shower curtain and some suction cups and completed the other half of the shower wall. We had very little water problems all week.The beach is definitely as breathtaking as everyone says so I won't spend much time there. I will say though that we did not get bit by any bugs or mosquitos. We took the bug spray but never used it.We only left the resort for one trip: the Saona island tour. WOW what a trip. Well worth the money. Email me and I'll tell you details if interested.Tipping: we tipped a couple bucks per meal in the evenings and didn't really notice any better service than when we didn't. We talked to our Golden Club rep and found out that all of the tips get divided equally among all the emplyees at the end of the night, so don't expect better service in the rest. when you tip.Free tip #2: pay with cash in the market place. We were told by someone to put everything on your credit card so we did...at first. We bought something in the marketplace and were told the exchange rate was 35 pesos/$1US. Then we found out from the resort that the actual rate was 24 pesos/$1US. We ended up being over charged by about $6 at that store because they actually charge in pesos through the credit card machine. The store worker then keeps the difference as her commission on the sale. Moral of the story is: pay with cash. Overall we had an amazing time and didn't want to come back home. We layed by the pool for hours, walked the shoreline several times, took naps almost daily :) and REALLY relaxed and escaped the caos of the big city and our children. It truely was the best vacation I have ever taken. I would go back here in a heart beat. There is absolutly no visible damage from the hurricanes at this resort. We did see damage outside the resort though. We met several people from other resorts on our outing and each had there complaints about their hotels. Riu had dirty rooms, and no AC. Iberostar had bad food and some damage etc. Free tip #3: You control how much fun you have on this trip. Some of the previous posters couldn't get past the little things. It is all up to you. If you don't expect Orlando you will be fine. Order the hotel drink when you first get there the bahia principe and enjoy your vacation. The drink is amazing!! Remember, you are on the beach in the Caribbean and not stuck in a snow storm in Kansas City!!! Cheers!Brianaka gimmethebeach on the forums  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great trip! An amazing place! My new fiancee and I just got back form a week at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana. We were there Nov 13-20. We had a great time! Everything there is truely beautiful. The staff is amazing, and the service is great! We arrived late at night and were happy to find such a beautiful place. Here are a few notes to help you decide... also note I cleared up some issues presented recently.Rooms:The rooms are huge and beautiful. Marble, tile, immaculate! The 1/2 wall for shower is no problem at all, just be careful. The only issue is that the power goes out as you leave the room. I found an easy solution to this. Stick a folded coaster or old credit card in there (where you need to put your card...you will see what I mean) and the power will stay on for you... this solves the AC and cool fridge problem.Construction:People have complained of the construction at the main lobby. This is no longer an issue. It was finished the day we were leaving. They were working 24hrs a day... but we did not hear anything. Anyway it is done now! They are still working to open a third part of the resort... but this is far from any buildings and I am sure that noise etc will not be heard.Beach:Many people have talked of bugs. We saw none and were on the beach everyday all day beyond the sunset. I am sure there may have been some... but we really saw none at all. The beach is clean and beautiful. The water was wavey, but warm and clean. We swam everyday.Shopping:I would not recommend shoping at the resort. It is way overpriced. Head to the booths set up on the beach. They can be pushy...but it is all in good fun. They are all nice. If not interested say no thank you...and move on. Try not to shake hands or they will guilt you into looking at their shop. We went once to see what they had. Then went back knowing what we wanted. We went near the end of the day and they seemed desperate to sell. We got most things for 50% of what they asked. If they wont sell it to you walk away... they will usually say ok...if not someone else will sell you the same thing for a good price. Watch the amber jewelry most of it is plastic and not real... you can tell by knocking them together.Pools:Large. Clean. Beautiful.Food:The food was not amazing, but nothing to complain about. We ate at the french, italian, mexican and fish a la cartes... all were good. The breakfast buffet was good. Lunch by the pool is limited. Head to the north of the pool to the bar and deck with palm umbrellas... the selection is better and not as busy. Also if you are part of the Gold Club you can eat at the mexican or fish place next to the main pool by the beach. Gold Club:We did not pay much more for it. It was worth it. Check in/out was so simple. Reserving dinners was simple. No lineups with your questions. Never go to reception..just to the gold club office. Free internet. We could eat lunch and breakfast at the 2 restaraunts next to the beach...well worth it. Towell service we did not use...but easier not to deal with towel cards. Maid Service:Our room was cleaned everyday. Floor was mopped everyday. No complaints. Good service.Overall we had a great trip! We would highly recommend this place to anyone! We are considering returning for our wedding.Email me with any questionshappy travels,chris  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SmileighGirl
<Content>Not what I expected...kinda disappointed =( This is our first trip to the caribbeans. I did my homework, checked tripadvisor.com everyday for a few months to make sure that this vacation comes out to be perfect. We were there for 6 days (Nov 7-Nov 13).... FYI: I did not expect this resort to be a 5 star so I didn't go in all expecting things.Front Desk: Everyone else seems okay helpful...I had this guy who was totally lost about...everything. Language: the language was okay for me since I took spanish for 8 years.Service was Ehhh. Out of the 6 days we were there, the maid service came twice...I always have to call at least twice for some towels or something since they always forget my first call. The food was ehh.. I am not a picky eater..I eat basically everything...but it gets a little repetitive when they have the same items everyday. Try asking for 2 key cards...if they don't give it to you when you check in...go to the front desk the next day after, telling them you left it in the room by accident or something. Because without the key, your room and fridge and etc won't have power. Power: Power went out atleast 4 times while we were thereConstruction noise: After reading so many reviews, other reviewers say that you can barely notice it...I guess we came on a bad week. They did constructions in the lobby area all week. They took the Air Condition out of the restaurants to supply the power I guess. It was very noisy....not to mention hot eating in the restaurants (by the lobby areas).Restaurant: Went to the French and the seafood...they were both not that great. The Seafood restaurant (El Pescador)..the service was so bad that after our entrees FINALLY came out after 40 minutes...we just got up and left. Make sure you ask for a table in plain view...if you have a table in the corner...they WILL FORGET ABOUT YOU. For the French restaurant, don't order the lobster...they only use the shell and put some kinda goo in there to fill it up. Too bad that it rained most of the week while we were there. It is a very nice resort...I especially like the lobby...too bad I can't read and relax there since I can't go to the beach or pool when it was pouring. Animation Group: Some shows were cool... FYI, those shows are not suitable for children...Drinks: If you want something other than the stuff on the menu...they will not know how to make it. I tried to tell them something simple like Fuzzy Navel or Cosmo...they didn't understand. They asked me what was in them...too bad I don't know exactly what's in there. Souvenirs: Whatever you want to get...you can probably get it at the marketplace inside the resort. The shops by the beach areas sells the same thing...but they jack up the price by like 200-300%. You have to deal with bargaining and etc. Those people are really pushy...so if you don't feel like getting harassed...just go to the market place. Souvenirs there are ehh.. I couldn't find anything good like chocolate with rum or something. I would load up in the airports on your connecting flight. Punta Cana airport is ehh too on souvenirs. We brought bug spray with us...but I would totally recommend bringing anti-itch cream too. Those bugs are pretty persistent. We bought a anti-itch clear gel-like cream at the lobby store for 5 dollars...they don't work. The Beach area ....along the shorelines were very clean and the water is very warm. make sure you wear your flip flops or sandle when walking on the non-water beach areas. There are lotsa small seaweeds in the sand and I found an area with some glass pieces. Tipping: I remember being confused when I got to the airport...wondering how much should I tip the driver that's gonna take me to the resort. SOmeone said a dollar per luggage....so there you go =) Also, I really do recommend booking transportation with your ticketing service. I booked my trip through travelocity and i bought transportation with it. For 2 people round trip to and from the airport, it cost me 35 dollars. But if you didn't get transportation with your trip, you might have to pay about 20 dollars each way. It's a way to save $5 more dollars...not to mention having to worry about how to get back to the airport in time. Rooms: They are okay and comfortable. Thank goodness for English Channels on tv... Since the week we went rained everyday (not just little tropical raining but POURED), we stayed in and watch tv....(I wanted to go to the pretty lobby to sit and read, but it was too noisy with the jack hammering). Staff: Some were really nice and helpful....some hated their jobs...so I guess it was normal. Oh yeah, the food...after 11pm...there is no more food....no snacks...nothing. So I guess fill yourself up at dinner time or eat late or something because if you have the midnight munchies...you can't get none.Overall, I think we would've had a better time if it didn't rained the whole week. It was beautiful the week before and the week after =( I'm sure if the weather was beautiful, I would bum by the pool or beach all day and not notice these other faults. I don't know if I want to come back or not. It is a very pretty resort...but ehh....I think once is enough =T Sorry to be so negative =(  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You must go! We went to the Bahia Principe from October 10th to October 18th on our honeymoon! The staff at the Bahia were so friendly and went out of their way to ensure that their guests were comfortable. It was the little touches such as the flowers in the bedroom that made it special. Make sure you tip about a $1 (about 30 pesos) each day to the maid, bartender or any other speciality staff to ensure top service! Tip well as the staff make so little money in the Dominican...You can also barter with the little shops on the beach - be aware!! You can certainly get good deals, but they will try to rip you off at first. Make sure you haggle well! Bring bartering items such as toiletry items, Blue Jays gear, carrying bags, make-up, etc...If you plan to hang out at the swim-up bar at down by the beach, have either Domingo, Neilson or Neit make you a drink - they are pros and will make sure you have a great time as you relax and get a buzz on!Highly recommend this resort - some people complain about slow service, no one speaks English - that's the culture people! You won't be disappointed if you just relax and be care-free!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>colleene24
<Content>Had a great time, minus the little problems. We stayed at the Bahia Principe Nov. 7 -14. It was a very much anticipated trip and was fantastic minus a few problems. I will try and give as much detail as possible, because these reviews really helped me so much, so perhaps I may help someone else.The airport was a breeze. I was really impressed by how quickly they seemed to manage everything. Especially for it being so small. The bus ride to the hotel was quite bumpy and I had a huge headache and felt a bit sick by the time I got to my hotel.I felt much better as we unloaded into the lobby of the hotel. It was BEAUTIFUL! Everything is made of tile and marble, with these great sculptures and beautiful paintings. Everyone at the front desk was smiling and is definately alot slower than I am used to here in Chicago. We paid the $35 for the safe for the week and they wanted cash, I found it strange that they told me they don't accept credit cards for incidentals and such. So just be prepared for using cash there. AFter we received our keys we had a bellman take us to our room on this cart thing and he helped us carry our luggage upstairs. The grounds are exquisit and perfectly manicured. And each building of villas looks like a postcard. Our building was #14 and we were on the second floor overlooking both pools in the middle of the property. I would have to say we were in the perfect location. We could walk to the lobby or the beach with about a 5 minute walk either way. Or you could walk right downstairs and catch a tram that was always running up and down the paths.Our room was stunning. I really didn't expect it to be so nice. 2 big beds and a couch. A table and chairs, mini fridge, patio with table and chairs (which had the most amazing view). Our mini fridge never seemed to get cold, which was a bummer cause I had to bring antibiotics for my son that were supposed to be kept cold. Our bathroom was big as well. Nice size jacuzzi tub, with this 1/2 wall of glass. Everything is stone, tile and marble. I know what everyone is speaking of now in these other reviews about how the bathroom gets so wet. Just be careful getting out of the tub/shower cause you can easily slip and fall.Our maid seemed rather accomodating. We left a few dollars each day and a note if we needed anything and it was always waiting for us ASAP. There was one day we were in the room alot so she never had a chance to come and clean and stock our drinks, so I had to phone down for water. I phoned 4 times and no water ever came that day. ( Good thing I had set a couple aside.)Eddie the Funjet rep. was so nice and helpful. He gave us a good piece of advice...if you are to drink 151 rum, write your room number on your hand so people will know where you belong Caution: 151 rum can do you in very quickly. LOLOur first full day we were there we went to the shopping center since it was raining a bit. Another caution: Since everything is made of marble, floors are extremely slippery!!! I did fall down 3 stairs and have the biggest bruise on my rear end that anyone has ever seen. The shopping center is very cute. I liked that all the little shops were right there for anything you may need. I had alot of people tell us that the flea market on the beach wasn't worth going to, so we stayed at the resort. I felt they had fair prices for what I got, but feel free to barter with them as well.We never went to the disco or the casino, since we had our 6 year old with us. The disco didn't open until midnight anyway.The mini club was fantastic. Isabel is so sweet, she kept my son so entertained. He actually would rather go there then hang out at the pool with us. They did mini golf, games, video games, beach games...tons of activities. Now the food....I thought it was very good. I took pepto morning and night everyday no matter what and I had no troubles. The buffet in the lobby had so much to offer it was unreal. You could try so many thing you will never try again and they had the old standby's like pizza and pasta. They had these 2 dishes that were Dominican that I thought was the best food of the whole trip...Yuca (mashed) and Mambu (I think that is the name). Yummy! We had our choice of 3 ALA Cartes. So we chose:Mexican - Holy Cow! This was the fanciest mexican rest. I have ever been to. They bring you a margarita as sson as you sit down, with some chips and salsa. There are about 5 things to choose from on the menu. We had beef fajitas and chicken tacos. Then they tell you to go up to this buffet for soup and salad. I can't even begin to tell you the assortment of food that was up there. My husband kept saying this isn't right, why did we order from a menu? There was so much terrific food.Japanese - Incredible! You are first brought sushi, which I had never had. I tried it and it was good, except for the ones that looked a little scary. Then you got a tempura which was out of this world. Then soup. Then the chef cooks up fried rice, veggies, and different types meat. Every thing was unreal. You are treated like royalty there. After your meal you are escorted to some intimate tables for your dessert. I thought that was very cozy.Steakhouse- Service was horrible. We waited 40 minutes just to get drinks. Everything seemed very disorganized there. The food was good regardless. I had a BBQ Beef Brisket. The beef there is very different than what we are used to in the states, but I am not too picky, but know good food also.During the day we would mostly eat at the snack bar by the main pool. They always had fruit, salad, burgers, chicken, hot dogs, pizza, french fries, and ham and cheese. The food was ok here, nothing outstanding.I have to say a few things about the Dominican people....They are the friendliest people I have ever met. They are very hard workers and do their best to accommodate you. They do try to speak some english and I tried to speak as much spanish as I could. Language was rarely a problem. They are very proud of their country, as they should be because of its history and beauty. We brought some $ down for tips and they were so appreciative. And they LOVE baseball! They love to talk to Americans about baseball. Which is fun because some of our best players come from there.Now for the beach...Surreal. The sand really does feel like flour. There are no seashells, and not much seaweed at all. The water is warmer than the pools and is a brillant shade of green and blue. The 1st half of our stay the water was very clear and calm, the second half was quite windy so the waves were huge. I had never seen such big waves, and some were quite violent. There was one time we were up to my hips and a huge wave knocked my son and me down straight to the sand and underwater, the undertow started to drag us a bit. I will admit was was pretty freaked out. Over the coarse of 3 days the beach got pretty washed away. The waves created smallcliffs were the waves just kept beating at the sand. The waves washed out a bunch of palms that had to be replanted. It was very odd.The pools were immaculate. Big and sparkling with bars at each one. There were always chairs around at one of them so that was never a problem. You get your beach towels at these 2 towel stands near the pools. They would run out sometimes, but more would be dropped off soon, so you wouldn't have to wait long. Hang on to your towel cards though, they told me if I lose a towel or card it is $15 US to replace.All in all, our trip was great. Except for that we only had 1 full day of sun. Who can control that though? It was still warmer than Chicago. We met alot of great people from all over the world. Americans are very few and far between there.So I would just have to say the only bad things about the trip were, falling on the stairs, not getting anything you need if you call, being without air conditioning for 2 days (they were doing construction outside the lobby), the noisy construction, the rain (only at times), the tiny bug bites on our legs that itched like crazy, the wind, the huge waves, not being able to take food to your room or to get room service, the service at the Steakhouse, not taking credit cards, and not being able to stay longer. :)I had a great time and I didn't want to leave, the sun was bound to come out soon. I hope to make it back to that wonderful place again in the future. It truely was an island paradise.If anyone has an more questions, I would be happy to answer them. This website was such a great help to me. Adios. And have a Coco Loco for me and say Hi to Maribel and Domingo at the quiet pool bar!Colleencolleene24@hotmail.com  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My Wedding We stayed at the Bavaro side (mirror image of Punta Cana side) Very frustrating travelling to and from the resort but a great experience overall once we arrived and settled in. We just made the best of it.Resort- BeautifulRooms- Beautiful (2 days with no airconditioning my parents no air conditioning all week)Food- Excellent Steakhouse, French, Japanese(italian dissapointing)Service:Room- Maid cleaned our room 2 days of 7. (speaks for itself)Restaurant- Outstanding except for Steak house was terribleBeach- Fantastic great big waves (however small bugs left everyones legs covered in itchy bites)Pools- My favorite Wedding- DisorganizedThey were 1/2 hour late picking my parents and I up for the ceremony. We were in a small gazebo and everyone else was in there too (4 family , 2 friends, 3 musicians, judge, 2 coordinators, etc....). We were put behind a table so no one was able to see my dress from the waist down. The judge is cranky and probably because she is the only one on the island able to perform weddings. We were just told to show up. The flowers were supposed to be light pink and cream roses with a few stargazer lilies, ended up with cream and red roses with purple irises that were wilted. Overall these were minor annoyances. The most important thing was my fiance and I married with our family and friends present.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice, but...... This was our (myself, wife and 14 year old son) fouth trip to Punta Cana and the fourth different resort. We love the area. When it comes to beaches, there are none better in the Caribbean. Palm trees, white sand, beautiful water, etc. After this many times here, we know about the language problem most Americans seem to have. First and foremost, this is the Dominican Republic. If you want to go away and not have to worry about speaking any spanish, try northern Florida. It will not kill you to learn a few pleasantries in their language since you are a guest in their country. The Dominicans are a poor but very proud and welcoming people. I have yet to find any islanders in all the Caribbean who are more pleasant or more willing and happy to help then Dominicans. So, if for some reason you need something and they don't understand you, don't get mad at them. Spend the $6 and buy a Spanish/English dictionary.That being said, back to the review. The grounds are not 100% yet because of the newness of the property but will be great in a few months. The Rooms are fine. We opted for the Golden Club. This gets you a room much closer to the beach and main pool. (as well as an extra night at the a la cartes, free internet access and beach towel service in the room) We were in Buildnig 21 (2nd from the beach.) The shower which many reviewerscomplained about was not a problem for us. Just be careful which direction you spray...Dah. The 2 negatives, our fridge went off when the key was removed from the slot so our beer was never cold. And, you have to pay $5 a day for the safe. A real 5* hotel would have that included. The maid service was great. We left $2 and a small item (pack of Pencils, crayons, notebook, calculator, etc.) every day. She would always leave extra towels, soap, shampoo, etc everyday. Also, if we had clothes drying on the patio, if they were dry they would be neatly folded on the table. She also had fresh flowers in the bathroom and by the bed everyday. The food was fine. Like most buffets, they do get a little repetitive after a few days. But there was always something new to try. Remember again, it isn't your native country so the way they fix an item there may be different than what you are use to at home. My wife loved the plain broiled chicken. We are not sure what spices were on it, but for her, it was the best chicken she ever had. Me, I like it all. We ate at the Gourmet, Italian, Mexican and Steak restaurants. (With the Golden Club you get 4 a la carte meals) All were Ok. The appetizer buffet at the Mexican was the best. I also had a very tasty Steak at the steak house. All in all, the food is fine.My favorite thing to do on vacation is snorkling. That was a big disappointment. When I was there (Oct 29-Nov 5) it was quite windy. Therefore, the water was a little rough, and the visibility wasn't there. I tried going out half way to the ship and even there, visibility 10 feet down was only about 2 feet. Not good. We did take a trip by boat and it was fine there. As it turns out, we were just off the Melia and Barcello. I have been to both of these and had great snorkling right off the beach. Other than that, the beach was nice. We had no problem getting lounges in the shade. The negative, no beach drink service. Also, no bar on the beach. TYou had to walk quite a ways to get anything (5* have bars or waiter service on the beach.) Some people talked about bugs, we only saw 1 mosquito in the 8 days we were there. So, if you are just looking to gety away and relax, the Principe will do you fine. For the price I paid (about $825 US per person) it was a bargain. Would I go back there, maybe. If the price stays the same, probably yes. Please remember, this is only my opinion. Go, enjoy yourselves and keep an open mind. Experience other cultures and other people. It is a small world so let's be tolerant of each other. If you have any questins, feel free to email me.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Doing an All Inclusive was very new to us. We went with another couple from Oct. 30/04 - Nov. 6/04. Nothing went wrong with our week. The sand was soft and white. The ocean was clean and clear. The rooms were awesome. The staff always had a smile and a hello for us. The pools were spotless. We did go Kayaking in the ocean. What a rush. At first I was a bit frightened but after battling a few WAVES, the rush was on. One week of relaxing and being catered to, was what the doctor ordered. I would highly recommend the Bahia Principe again and again. I wish I was back there again. It has been 3 weeks now and the memories are still so clear. The pictures that we took are fantastic. The resort was not even half full and it was a huge resort. People were booking at the last minute and getting a great deal. Give it a try you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away I went November 5 -13 2004, I found the staff rude and felt as though we were intruding. The maid forgot to leave towels most days. The staff would often walk in front of you and cut you off at dinner. The food was good, not great. I found few people that worked there that spoke English. This is our 4th trip to Domenican and can honestly say I had never been so poorly treated. For two days the airconditioning was turned off because of construction and they had a Jackhammer going 24hours a day at the front lobby. Go there, best of luck.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>no_time_to_work
<Content>Great family fun. We purchased the Gold club, We had a Great time. The food was excellent, and the service was OK. If you wanted room service then you might as well get it yourself. As a matter a fact it you wanted anything for your room then you might as well get it yourself, because they will come the next day.Or wake you up in the middle of the night to bring you towels that you order the day before.Our kids also had a great time 14 / 11 years old.We hade a wake up call for 8 AM they called at 11 AM, so we missed breakfast and ended up leaving late in the day for town so the hotel paid for the cab fare.  Not very organized staff. They partied in the room next to us (the maids that is). Overall the beaches are great. The market place was allot of fun. the best deals are at the little shops on the beach .The power went out at least once a day The room safe cost $4.00 usd per day Get 1 extra room key that you can leave in your room, you have to insert your room key to turn the power on in the room if it is not on the beer fridge gets warm Empty your fridge every morning , If you only drink 1 pop or beer Thats all they will replace Our trip in town was great you see how the local people live. If you want your hair braided then do this in town and not at the resort.$30.00 in town  $89.00 at the resort . At the pool we had most of our fun. We learnt how to scuba dive. Rico the scuba instructor was great . He went out of his way to make our trip fun. Remember Bug spray Lots of bugs at night.The Japanese restaurant was Awesome.WATCH your step on the wet tile floors lots of people slipping and injuring them selves. I would recommend this place but I would not go back in the near future. To many more places to see.Remember when you leave the DR you need $20.00 usd CASH per person for airport tax 1 more thing Bring your own Zambuka I think we drank it all.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very big, new, beautiful resort! Me and my husband went for 5 days and that all u need, we've been to lots of islands and Cancun is still far the best, but the beach here was also beautiful, clear light blue/green water, people were very nice, shows every night, live music, pool tables.... even had tram cars to ride u through the resort, it was so big!!Okay, the bad: lots of mosquitos, bring bug spraythe liquor, even w/the all inclusive, liquor was all Dominican, not that good.A little boring for 24 yr olds at night, but we did get to relax!The gift shop prices are crazy, you could get the same stuff cheaper in NewYork! **** please try the 4-wheel bike (3 hr.) trip through town, u haven't been to the Dom. Rep. w/out trying this, it was the highlight of our trip. Soooo much fun!!!!!1We even stoped at a cave the water in there was clear and u could see 20 ft. down, we jumped right in!!!*******Have fun, we defenitly recommened this resort!!!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GolfNut
<Content>First Class all the way....as expected! Just returned this morning. 5 of us went for a week, and got exactly what we expected! This is a beautiful resort. Good food, great staff, nice clean pools and common areas. We have been to 3 different Bahia's, and we are quickly becoming addicted. You can rely on this chain for 5 star service in Cancun,Cuba, and as we recently discovered in the DR as well.Although I haven't really read anyhting bad about this resort,I do know that some people will complain about any little thing that isn't perfect...to those I say get a life. Just becuase it took you two years to save up doesn't mean that you should be treated like Donald Trump from the minute you leave your home. Wake up.We have travelled extensively, this place is awesome. I could bore you to death with all the little details that they take care of anyways, but instead....I would recommend this resort to anyone. Have fun, we did.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First trip This was my first trip to the dominican, I just have to say it was amazing. The staff was just great and very friendly. The service was amazing and the food was very good. I would recommend this resort to anyone. I am planning to return very soon.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation!! We had an absolutely fabulous time at this resort. It was a girls week-end so we had planned on soaking up the sun the entire time. That we did! The beach was full of white sand and the water temperature was perfect. When we were tired of sand between our toes, we sat by the pool and were waited on hand and foot. We made friends from other parts of the world and also with the staff at the resort. The people are so friendly and appreciative of you visiting. Our room was spectacular and the food was excellent. We ate at the Japaneese restaurant and the Mexican restaurant and we were treated like royalty. My only complaint was the bartenders. If you want a drink that doesn't include rum, it is difficult to get your point across and they don't move very quickly. Also, if you need anything for your room, don't call down to the lobby for a personal delivery because you may never get your item; for me it was tea bags and I picked some up from the breakfast buffet anyway. I would highly recommend the Bahia Principe and will be making this trip a yearly reunion.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scottie
<Content>also going over christmas It was absolutely....fabulous....great weather...great beach.....spacious rooms.....as the property matures it will become more beautiful than it already is.........also will be there at christmas time.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Montreal_native
<Content>Perfection I stayed at the Bahia Principe from October 24th-31st with a group from Sir Sandford Fleming College. We were 48 all together and we all had a blast. The hotel is absolutely amazing. The food from the main buffet is excellent. I am a very picky eater and was worried about the food, but there is nothing to worry about. They change the theme once in a while, but there is always something good to eat. There are also a variety of A la Carte restaurants which are again amazing. I ate at the Garden Grill, and Italian Restaurants which were both ingredible. The service at the restaurants and the Buffet are again amazing. Sometimes it was a little slow trying to get beer or other drinks, but not enought to complain about. The grounds of the hotel or simply peferct. Not once did I see a piece of garbage or ANYTHING on the ground other then the perfect grass and flowers. The pools are again perfectly clean! Even the beach was always clean, it never had any garbage lying around. The Pueblo Principe which is the shopping area, also had a casino, internet cafe, and a disco. The plaza was again always clean, and at night the shows were pertty good. They even had a Halloween themed night on the 30th which was very surprising and fun. The internet cafe is pertty cheap only $1 for 10mins or $5 for an hour, and the computers were very fast. I was surprised that the internet connection wasn't slow! The staff is extraordinary, very friendly, polite always smiling, and eager to help you if you need it. A lot of the staff does not speak English, but they do know some words, so you are still able to get by. Keep in mind that you are visiting a Spanish country so learning some words would be helpful. Besides, the fact that must don't speak English is fun! Its a different culture and if everyone spoke English then it would not be as special. If you expect an English speaking staff in a Spanish country then you will be disappointed, you might as well stick to Florida.  Overall the hotel was AMAZING. If I could give it a 6 star I would.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel - Bahia Principe in Punta Cana We had a wonderful trip to Punta Cana (Bahia Principe hotel is wonderful in all aspects). The hotel was beautiful. New - opened in June 2004. Food, entertainment, hotel, staff - all wonderful. The only negative thing (if it is even considered negative) was speeding us through the Japanese restaurant. Other than that, absolutely nothing to complain about. Highly recommend the hotel.We would go back another time.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED IT! GOING BACK FOR SURE! I am a Travel and Tourism Student from Peterborough. We were just there last week for our SAFE trip, a trip through our college. There was about 50 of us. Everything at this resort was amazing. Its not finished yet, and it is still the most amazing resort. The animation team that puts the shows on everynight were awesome. The food including A La Cartes were awesome. In fact, we even made friends with a waiter we were very fond of Ceaser. The staff at the resort were always smiling and humerous. I recommend tipping your waiters and your wine glasses will never be empty. Victor the Air Transat Rep was awesome. He guided us through booking our off site tours. The pools, beaches, swim up bars, etc were all wonderful. I will definitely be recommending this place to my clients when I am graduated in April. Thanks to the Bahia Principe for some great memories! I will be returning in a year or so.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DMJ
<Content>Another Hit for the Bahia Nice, clean resort..wonderful buffet...awesome service..great beach and fabulous pools..the only reason that I wouldn't give this property a 5* rating is that they didn't 'WOW' me with their 'a la carte' meals...they were OK, but not anything special..I would have been just as happy eating at the buffet.....the staff are amazing...always smiling and pleasant...I have stayed in 4 different hotels in Punta Cana and this is the only one that I would return to!!!...(the Ahmsa Marina Grand Paradise is a nice 4*..this hotel would be my 2nd choice)  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>would love to return Just returned from Bahia Principe - had a great time!!!! The rooms are very clean, the people are extremely nice and the beach is probably the most gorgeous beach I have ever seen. They have 7 restaurants and the food is very good. The pools are clean, the help is wonderful. The only problem was the lack of attention by the bartenders at the pool bar. We told management and the problem was to be taken care of. The shopping is great.....overall - a great vacation and a great resort!!!!!! am planning for next year already!!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>about Bahia Principe We just returned from a week at the Bahia Principe. Just a few mentionables...the beach was beautiful; clean sand, plenty of chairs, and clear warm blue ocean water, although the last two days it was slightly rough and murky!The food was OK...some was delicious, and some not so!The Dominican people were wonderful; always happy! The rooms were large, beautiful, and very clean!I would NOT recommend the bus trip into town...the vendors on the beach (about 300 yds. to your left) had anything you'd shop for in town.The one thing we were NOT told was you can only eat in 3 of the restaurants (3 nights), so guys, you only need three pairs of long pants for the trip! (we took way too many clothes!) Reservations for the restaurants are hard to get, so make your reservations as soon as you can after you arrive.We went with two other couples, and found out we paid almost twice as much as others we talked to. We had a nice relaxing week, and I would recommend the Bahia Principe, but watch the Apple Vacation deals....we thought we had an OK price through them, but we could have done MUCH better!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ulrik_Beusen
<Content>Pictures!! - Perfect holiday Perfect vacation.Just believe all the good you read en forget the bad !Took some pictures and put them on my site :http://www.bict.be/vac/dr2004/  
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You will love this resort My husband, I and our 10 month old baby son have just returned from this resort. We have been to different places in the Caribbean but first time at the Bahia Principe resorts. I had done good research and it was worth it. All rooms are junior suites, they are very clean (no bugs like other Caribbean resorts we have been to) and tastefully Caribbean style decorated, outstanding 3 very large swimming pools, all with swim-up bars, 6 a'la carte restaurants and 2 buffet restaurants. The best a'la carte that we enjoyed tremendously was the Mexican, followed by the El Pescador. The Japanesse Mikado was just okay, but the restaurant itself is very authentic looking. We very much enjoyed both buffet restaurants for breakfast and lunch, the main one in the lobby being a better one. Fantastic selection and absolutely delicious. However, if you prefer a typical American diet, you will not enjoy the food. The service in all the restaurants is impeccable. If you like to pampered while you enjoy wonderful cousine, this resort is for you.Probably the only complain we have is the quality of the beach. We prefer very calm waters and white sand, this property sits on a yellow sandy beach and the ocean is not very calm, sometimes a little wild. But the beach has tons of chairs and umbrellas and we never had any problem getting one, unlike at some other resorts. The main swimming pool is the one where everything happens, but if you want to change the pace, the other two pools are very relaxing, very romantic and just beautiful. The staff was extremely friendly and so nice to us, it was a real pleasure and makes the vacation so much special.We spent hours at a time in the water, our little baby son had a great time, even got his first sun tan. We had fantastic time and definitely recommend this Spanish club.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort I stayed at this resort Oct. 6-10, 2004 , post - Hurricane Jeanne. The only sign of the hurricane was that the palm trees on the beach were missing most of their leaves. Otherwise, the facilities, beach and landscaping were all fabulous and in excellent shape. I really loved this resort - the rooms are bigger than average, and have beautiful marble bathrooms. The pools and beach were both always clean and beautiful, and have plenty of chaise loungers, both in the shade and sun. I would definitely recommend the resort and return (if I can ever afford it again once it's built a reputation for itself!).  
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>would love to return My husband and I stayed at this resort from the July 18-25. It was a beautiful resort and only recently opened. The food was fabulous, the staff could not do enough for us.The beach was beautiful with white sand and lots of chairs and huts. There are three pools, 1 activity and two quiet pools. I would highly recommend this resort. If you have any further questions you may e-mail me.Elizabeth  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Jeanne-Chaos The Bahia is a nice hotel in a beautiful location. However, the travel agency in Miami, where we booked the trip to escape from IVAN overcharged us for the 5-day trip by at least $ 500.--, compared to the price other guests paid. They also misrepresented the hotel as a five-star hotel, which it is not. It is a hotel of mass-tourism, mainly catering to Spanish speaking people. Service is average, and to find employees who speak at least some English is very difficult. But most of all, the management was not prepared to handle an emergency. When JEANNE arrived, there was absolute chaos. There was no information or communication. Guests were not advised what to do to be save. Some guests received a note at the main restaurant before JEANNE'S arrival to stay in their room, although--as we later found out--this was the worst place to be because of the large glass windows. We were without electricity, telephone, TV or any other means of communication. The destruction after the worst was over was enormous! Dozens of huge palmtrees were on the ground, many windows shattered, outdoor lighting hanging on wires and broken, rooms flooded, etc. etc. Next to our room we saw that a ceiling had come down, which actually had nothing to do we the hurricane, but rather with the obviously poor construction quality. Even after JEANNE had passed, management was nowhere to be seen or heard. Guest service agents tried hard to help but had no information from management about outgoing flights, road conditions or any other concerns that guests had. The well-being and safety of the guests was simply not a concern of the management of this hotel. For that reason we would never return to this place!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bahia Principe, a hotel for Europeans who can afford hotel's screw-ups??? B S! My girlfriend and I have just returned from a 14-day holiday in the Bahia Principe Resort in Punta Cana. As far as we are concerned, this hotel is excellent.The buffet is wonderful, offering a wide variety of salads, seafood, meat, vegetables, dessert, and so on ... As for the a la carte restaurants, we especially liked the seafood restaurant El Pescador and the French restaurant Le Gourmet. As for the drinks ... no need to worry. The staff fixes you a nice cocktail with whichever ingredient you like. In general the people working at Bahia Principe are incredibly helpful and nice.The pools, being cleaned thoroughly every morning, and the beach are fun. If you like sport activities, then you will surely find something to do (beach volley, beach football, nautics, ...)Anyway, my girlfriend and I (24) had a great time at Bahia Principe!As for the reviewer who wants to warn U.S. travellers and states that European travellers can afford hotel麓s screw-ups ...First of all, if you are not able to appreciate this resort, then I can not imagine what you are used to. There are some minor details than can be improved (such as the water problem in the bathroom), but not enough to consider this hotel unworthy a visit. Secondly, if the language difficulty seems to be an incredible problem, perhaps this is because of the fact that US citizens lack any linguistic knowledge other than the English ... We, as Europeans, of course have a much wider language variety and do not have the least problem in having a conversation with the hotel staff.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent resort and lovely beach We were in Bahia Principe from Sep.04-11We went with Air Canada vacations and were pleased with everything, the flight, representation in the hotel.We took our 18 month old daughter with us and were naturally worried how she will take all that but we had just wonderful time.The hotel is brand new and is a true 5* star.However as it gets older it remains to be seen if it can uphold its rating since it attracts people from all around the world and some have better manners than others.It is large but no worries, this little shuttle is the there to take you places and it runs every 5 minutes.Rooms are very nice, clean and large, try to get building closer to the beach.We were in building 23, 2nd floor.Hotel consists of three parts: Punta Cana, Bavaro(under construction till November) and Club Premier.Premier is closer to the beach and it is important if you go with small children.There is a mini-bar in the room and we used it as a fridge for our daughter's food.We took most of the food and milk with us, however their food and milk is acceptable for small kids so don't worry.You really need to pick up a few basic spanish words or you might get a bit frustrated from time to time.Food was very much acceptable at the main buffet restaurant, and yes, after a while it seems the same but they try very hard so you have to give them credit.In contrast with other people writing these reviews, we did not like the japanese restaurant at all.They tell you that you can't be late but when you show up on time, they make you wait and food was nothing special at all, especially the mini-sushi they serve.Swimming pools are nice, there are actually 4 of them and 2 children pools, clean and new.The main attraction was definitely the beach.We have been to Cancun and La Romana(south coast) but this one is a paradise.Water is very warm and clean, our daughter had fantastic time, sand is sugary white and soft.There is a mini-club for the kids during the day and shows at 8:30 at night.Hotel staff is extremely friendly but will appreciate a tip, especially your room maid and bellboy.We will definitely be back and recommend this hotel for couples and families.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Fri. Sept. 17/04I just love this resort, people and country. Was there early Dec. 2002. The only problems my daughter  I had were the sand flees on the beach at dusk. Nothing some antihistamene didn't fix. Everything was superb!!!! They also afford tours and we went on all three. The were very educational, fun as all get out and loved the country scenery. Jeeps were a little bumpy.As for having to take a trolley because the place is so big, we I have arthritis and fibromyalgia so I was extremely glad that they even had a trolley!!!Fantastic hotel and country. I am going to Punta Cuna next month, weather permitting ! My prayers are with all who are enduring these terribe stormsKathy W.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent Place To Stay Property: 5 Stars. The property was georgeous. Perfectly manicured gardens and lawns. A fresh clean look to everything (of course it's brand new!). Possibly a little too large though. You have to take a tram from one end of the property to the other. Food: 3.5 Stars. The food in the a la carte resteraunts was very very good with some minor exceptions. The buffet, although it had a wonderful presentation, lacked a little in flavour. I noticed also that the cold food was cold in the buffet, however, the hot food was never ever hot..only slightly warm. Take some Pepto Bismal. Service: 4 Stars. The service was generally good as long as you didn't throw any curves into their process. If you asked for anything different the service personell generally didn't understand what you really wanted. Could be a training issue or lack of experience. I'd imagine it will get better over time. As far as language barriers go...it is true...people in the Spanish speaking Dominican Republic actually speak Spanish and not English. Imagine that! One thing to note also is that you had about a 30% hit rate on whether the gift shops would accept a credit card ot whether the card reader was working so I'd take some cash.Overall .... A nice place to stay. Take the Pepto.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation Great room amenities, room service, great food, mucho restaurants and quite decent snack bars. The beach is totally awesome, make sure to go snorkeling, there are some very fishy reefs in about 4 meters into the deep. Good-Looking volleyball coach:) Very nice night club. The hotel is quite large, so when you are getting your room keys ask for a room close to the beach (I believe it is called Golden Bahia Principe).Now the lacks: alcohol drinks make u wish for mucho-mucho better, no good wine selection, evening entertainment is very low quality, so in the evening you are pretty much on your own.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>US travelers beware Potentially Good Hotel, but US travelers - beware!!!1) The majority of the staff doesn't speak English, so you'll end up getting the wrong drinks at the bars and the wrong food at the a la carte restaurants.Drinks are BAD anyway- either missing alcohol or have the wrong ingredients altogether. Suggestion - order straight rum, you'll get more flavor. 2) Don't bother making reservations to Japanese or French restaurants. Their food SUCKS. But the Steakhouse is worth trying!! However, their buffet (Orchidea ?) is the BEST. 3) Also, if you plan to use included (non-motorized) water sports, you'll have to wait for your boat 2-3 days and deal with a very rude and arrogant staff of Scuba Caribe (contractors for Bahia). When we complained to the resort about this, Guest Services were unable to remediate the situation. (I guess, being too new , they just don't realise that positive feedback is a rare commodity:)). 4) Room service is great, if you leave your tips at the beggining of the trip and if you are good at sign laguage.:))On this note, fetch some beach towels to the room when you want to take a shower. The bathroom is designed the way that it gets flooded when you take a shower (no shower curtains), so you'll somehow need to contain all that water till the morining , when the cleaning lady comes in...Summary is - Beaches (Sandals ) is still the best among the Carribean all-inclusives. And Bahia is mostly oriented at the Europeans (who have min . 25 days of vacation throughout the year, and can afford hotel's screw-ups).  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bramble123
<Content>We had a Great time !! I am one of the minority from the UK that stayed at the Bahia Principe this summer. We booked our trip independently ( teletext and flights through Thomson.com) so had no tour operator etc to meet us at the airport or to look after us when we got to Dominican Republic. Although this was a bit daunting at first, it did not cause us any problems, and we stumbled across Carlos, in the Apple Vacations tour office, who was really helpful and booked all our trips for us - well worth checking him out!!!We got a Taxi from the airport ( $24 - dont pay any more) which was about a 25-30 minute ride. when we got to the resort, we did not have the customary welcome that you might have if travelling with a tour company, but we were the only ones checking in so were in our room within 10 minutes of arriving.The resort is huge, but very impressive and well worth the 4.5/ 5 star rating it has aquired. The rooms are immaculate ( we stayed in a Club Golden Suite although booked a junior suite as we had 2 children staying in the room with us ) and the room itself was enormous. There is a jacuzzi bath in the huge bathroom and two double beds and a sofa bed in the living area. More than enough room. Nice large terrace/ balcony area and all rooms look out onto well tendered gardens. All the staff are very friendly, some cannot speak English, but will always find someone who can if you cannot speak Spanish. It was not a problem for us - we always seemed to get by - somehow!! The animation team were great ( even of the shows were a bit repetative) and tried very hard to create a fun environment. As a result, very few people ( us included )made use of two beatiful pools, halfway between the reception area and the beach,and spent most of our time at the pool by the beach, but thats the whole idea of the place- you have a choice!!On the beach there is a variety of watersports on offer. Anything non motorised is free and anything that involves a boat, costs. We did alot of windsurfing and sailing the Hobie Cats which were alot of fun. The Food is very good and really there is nothing more you could want. The A La Carte resaurants are all of a high standard- we tried them all - and your favourite will be a matter of taste so I am not going to say that one is better tn the other- you can decide for yourself!! Over all I would say that the Bahia Principe is an excellent resort, and I am sure will be very popular with the brits once it is released to UK tour operators in the future. Majority of clients staying there at present are Spanish, with some American and Canadian Guests and a few French. We had two weeks of pure indulgence and relaxation - well worth a visit.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful What a wonderful week we had! My husband and I are 54, from Philadelphia and were there 8/2-9/04. The trip was a surprise gift from our son. This resort is just beautiful and immaculate. We were astonished at the excellent service we received from everyone we encountered. The food was very good. Lots of choices for every taste, extremely fresh fruits, salads, etc. Excellent chicken dishes. The buffet dining room is very nice, with starched tablecloths, napkins, flowers...and at dinner they dress up the table a bit to make it more formal. The waitstaff is excellent. They appreciate your efforts to speak Spanish and will practice their English on you as well. Makes for a lot of fun and comraderie. By the middle of the week, we would be recognized and they make a point of saying hello, even a little wave from across the room. The maid service was great. Really, everything was just right. The snack bar by the beach and the main pool was a good place for lunch. Hamburgers, hot dogs, chicken, ribs, salad, french fries, soft ice cream...immaculately set up with a lot of very comfortable seating, overlooking the pool so you can always see what's going on. We never got sick on anything. Just be sure to not drink the water. We used bottled water even for teeth brushing. Not a big deal and readily available. We didn't try the restaurants only because we didn't want to spend an evening in a restaurant. And we didn't participate in any of the side trips, because we just wanted to unwind and relax, which we did and was just lovely. But we heard they were good. The beach is unbelievably beautiful. The water is soft and warm and a gentle warm breeze is always blowing. The water sport staff is very friendly and helpful. We did the paddle boat on two days and one day we got adventurous and went out on a kayak. We capsized twice...hysterically funny...and the water sport guy came to our rescue. A good laugh all around. There is a vollyball court on the beach...lots of people play and you can watch the game from your chair if you want. If you just want to relax, the pools closer to the villas are just right. The main pool by the beach has lots of activity. The animation team is very entertaining and provide water aerobics and dancing at the main pool, among other things.  We went to the show one night...great dancing and lively music. Piano bar in the courtyard every night...very good. And merengue lessons...lots of fun...and dance contests. And a lot of people watching. We really didn't participate in much of the nightlife after 10pm because we were just plain tired. But the young people really seemed to enjoy the disco, etc. Handy Hints: Read the chat page for first-timers. Excellent tips. Bring a pen...there are forms to fill out at customs when you enter. Take a lot of sunscreen and a hat. We are very fair and went through two tubes of #50 sunscreen. Make sure it is waterproof and sweatproof. Bring Off bug repellant and use it. Mosquitoes are pesky...it is the tropics after all. I sprayed Off around the room and on our sheets as well, and that worked great. Take thermal mugs for the beach and pool for your drinks. The bartenders will happily fill them with whatever you want and the mugs keep your drinks cool and sand-free. Bring a lot of $1.00 bills. No one looks for a tip here, but they are soooo appreciated. 44 pesos equals a dollar...a dollar or two tip means a lot to these people, from the bartenders  waitstaff to the maids. Try leaving a $2.00 tip in New York! My husband gave the guy who brought our bags with us to our room a couple of dollars...he was so thrilled, I thought he might even unpack for us! Please be discreet about it. Also, it's nice to leave the maid a dollar or two every day. She will say thank you by making you a swan figure with fresh flowers and leaving it on your bed. So touching. Also, the hint I read here about bringing pencils and copybooks and cosmetics, is absolutely right. I brought a few things, but hesitated about leaving them for her. I didn't want to offend. Just some school supplies and some make-up for her. So, the day before we left I did leave them, with a note in Spanish (from my S/E dictionary  phrase book) thanking her and wishing her well. Well, she had already left me a swan the previous day, but the one she left me that day was even more elaborate. It cost me $10 at the dollar store, but to her it was enormous and it made me feel wonderful. When you shop, go to the vendors on the beach. This is their livelihood. They are eager for you to go into their shops, but they are not aggressive. Bartering is the norm, but please be fair. These people are very dignified. They are poor, not stupid. I decided that if the ultimate price was reasonable at home, I agreed. For example, I got 3 t-shirts for $25 (vendor asked for $33) and a larimar and silver bracelet for $20 (vendor asked for $37). They were happy and so was I. Please practice your Spanish. No one expects you to be fluent and you will be surprised how good you get in a short time. I got to the point where I could ask a question, but then I couldn't understand the answer!! Really funny. This is a very international environment and very interesting. And the European women go topless (men, get over yourselves). My husband and I are not well-traveled and were a little leary about all this. Well, it was a truly wonderful experience. The lesson I learned is how similar we all are. People are here from South America, Europe, even Russia. Everyone is nice...kind of low key and friendly. English speaking people number about 10%. We are guests in their country and we are treated like most welcome guests. The Dominican people are the most gentle and genuinely kind people I have ever met. When we returned to the States, the first thing I noticed was how rude people were. Please try a little Spanish...bring a little phrase book...you don't need much. The front desk and customer relations and your tour guide (apple) all speak English. You'll need it for the waitstaff and maids. And please behave. We actually did see an ugly American during our stay. Very, very embarassing. Apple Vacations was very good...USA 3000 was very good...everything went very smoothly. And Bahia Principe was great! Go, relax and have fun.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 star all the way we stayed at bahia aug 1 2004 thur 8th. this is our 4th trip to punt cana an we always stay at 5 star resorts when we leave the us. this place has not been open very long may 2004 is what we were told an only about 2/3 of the rooms were open while we were there . but this place is very nice all of the people working there seemed to want to help you whith what ever you needed. we travel a lot to the carribbean an this resort was very high on my list. the food was great /service was great/all 3 pools were great/the rooms were cleaned very good every day/7resturants to choose from but they will tell you you can only choose 3 of the specialty resturants on a 7 day stay i did not understand that but i did not have a problem getting into all 7 just ask at the door. we will go back anytime. GREAT RESORT if you want to see the country while you are there you can get a taxie for the day an go at your own pace for about 45 us or take a tour for about 75us per person 4 wheeler tours are offered for about 60us for 2 people on 1 4wheeler this is a fun tour because you get to see a lot of different things in the country.anytime we are out side the resorts we watch what we eat an only drink bottle water an have never got sick  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A really wonderful resort. Enjoy So many things to do so little time, came back on Saturday 18th August 04 (spent one week). Had a wonderful time, relaxed, sunbathe, just wonderful, we encountered a few bugs but not on the resort, my only complain were the twin beds pushed together to form a queen. The food was amazing the buffet really really good. If you are looking for a vacation without stress this is the one.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply Amazing I went alone just wanting to relax and get away from the stress of work...it was more then I could have possibly asked for!!! The staff catered to your every need, they kept you involved in everything that was going on and it was just an unbeleivable experience. The only problem I had on the trip was that I am not very profiecient in spanish. If you have some knowledge of the language it is helpful because most but not all employees at the Bahia speak English.I recommend going to the shows at night in the theater and dancing to the live band afterwards. If thats not your type of fun then there are plenty of other things for you to do.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Madrid_Traveller
<Content>Great resort! We have just arrived from the Bahia Principe Punta Cana. Great resort! certainly better than expected considering it was opened last June. In fact, a third of the hotel is not yet finished and workers are still there (day and night), although they aren't noisy and the arrangements are done in a way that you don't nearly realised. The rooms are spacious and clean, although some days they aren't done until really late (5-6 pm). The staff is very helpful and easy going, specially the animation team. There are plenty of activities day and night and it's also possible just relaxing under a palm tree. There is also a good diving center with all the equipment new and in good conditions. There are interesting dives around. The food is great! Breakfast at the Orquidea buffet is a dream. Also for lunch there is a convenient snack bar at the pool by the beach, so you don't have to go to one of the buffets if you just want a burger or a sandwich. For dinner don't miss the thematic restaurants: The japanesse Mikado is fantastic and also the Italian and the Seafood one El Pescador. The mexican one we don't find it too good, at least not the service. You will love the cocktails they prepare at any of the several bars. I recommend the pool bar that is at the swimming pools nearby the beach. The bartenders are really funny and kind (specially if you can understand Spanish). Don't miss the excursion to Saona Island if you want to have some fun and a real Caribbean experience. We also went to Santo Domingo. It's a long trip (more than 3.5 hours) but it's interesting if you want to know a bit of how they live at the Republica Dominicana. The only thing this hotel needs is a bit of time to get the vegetation grown at the several gardens, as the palm trees and flowers and at some places too small, but that's understandable considering it has just been opened.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Vacation My teenage daughters and I just returned from 7 sun-soaked days at this gorgeous property that just opened in June. The Dominican people are friendly and always have a smile. Many of them speak little English, some speak English very well. They all try very hard to communicate with you, but keep in mind that you are a visitor in their country, so take the time to learn some Spanish before you go; you can find some helpful key words/phrases on the DR travel website.FOOD: My daughters are very picky eaters but they certainly didn't go hungry. There's something for everybody's palate. The pastries and desserts were especially tasty. The buffet restaurant adjacent to the main lobby (Orquidea) offers the widest variety and is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Make your reservations for the specialty restaurants as soon as possible at the Public Relations office - if possible, ask to speak to James. He speaks English and is very entertaining.POOLS: All of the pools are very clean and beautiful. If you prefer peace and quiet, go to one of the two smaller pools in the center of the complex - although they will likely become more crowded once the new construction is completed. The main pool by the beach (actually 3 separate pools) is very crowded and noisy. The specials offered at each of the swim-up bars change daily and each bartender has his/her own way of making drinks. If you like the way a certain bartender makes your drink, tip them a dollar or two and you'll consistently have your drinks made the way you like them and you'll never have to wait for a refill. ACTIVITIES: The animation team does a great job trying to keep everyone entertained. Daily poolside/beach activities start at 10 am and finish at 5 pm with a tropical dance lesson. The 10 pm shows in the theatre were entertaining. Arrive at the theatre around 9:30 pm and take advantage of the one-on-one dance lessons. We listened to live music and danced in Pueblo Principe and went to the disco one night. We also enjoyed the banana boat ride, parasailing, and the all-day Jeep Tour (all extra).We had an excellent time and I would definitely like to go back. I'd be happy to elaborate or answer your questions if you e-mail me; just please reference Bahia Principe in the subject line so I don't think it's spam and delete it.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a Great Time - very few disappiontments We had a really fun time. Just returned last night. We traveled with our 3 children - 15,8  5 and another couple  their 3. Here is my advice - FOOD: MEN BRING LONG PANTS - Pants for men are required at all the resturants for dinner. The food was better than many resorts Ive been to (last stay was at the Melia Tropical Punta Cana). Orqueda Buffet has the best breakfast. Dinner was good at Japanese  mexican or Orqueda buffet - they have a different theme each night and lots of choices. Steak place was ok, did not like the seafood place and Im a seafood lover, breakfast at The Pescador - yuk!. ROOMS: Very nice, ample space for a family of 5 - 2 double beds and day bed. Very nice bathrooms. Our maid was great, fresh flowers all around the room daily, mini bar stocked up. Our friends room however did not get made up most days until 5 or 6 pm and no flowers. I'd recommend requesting building 1 to 7 or 23 - 25 these buildings are closest to the beach, big pool with snack bar near it and bathrooms. POOLS: The two center pools are not busy at all but we perferred the big pool near the beach. This pool also had all the activities. The only prob with the pools is they dont have enough people working the swim up bar - one bartender - so it took awhile to get drinks. You dont need to bring along towels they give you towel cards. Blow up Rafts are allowed in the pools. BEACH: The beach was nice. The sand wasnt as free of seaweed as some other islands, but just as nice as anywhere else in Punta Cana. Water is beautiful and calm. My family had fun on the banana boat and boogie boarding was gentle enough for even my 5 year old. We took the Outback Safari trip to see more of how people live in the dominican and it was interesting. SHOPPING: The market place has lots of stores but look around prices vary greatly, on the beach if you walk to you r left there are huts and you can get some good deals there by bargining. A man who calls himself El Cheapo down at the end has the best prices - T-shirts for $5, etc. SHOWS: We enjoyed all of them but one. There is a different show each night. The kids enjoyed them as well.We really had a great time and were nervous as to what to expect. Just go realizing you are in a 3rd world country so brush up on your spanish and the place is new and improving and you are going to have a fabulous time!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful country/ hotel.. not so great food This was my FIRST all inclusive vacation. The hotel staff was WONDERFUL, POLITE, HELPFUL, HAPPY, AND JUST PLAIN TERRIFIC. The beach was like nothing I have ever seen , the pools and the area around were spotless, in the early moring ( if you were awake !) the grounds keepers were out and cleaning and watering and gardening, the pool staff was always around making sure the pools were clean. ( water was warm but clean !) The food.. well.. the mexican resturant was TOPS, I mean how can you complain when you sit down and there is miss margarita herself already on your table!!! The food there was EXCELLENT.. I could have eaten there all 7 nights.. the Buffet was ok the first night/ but then it got a little borning.. you are there for Breakfast/ lunch and for dinner, if you dont have reservations at a themed resturant.. This only being able to go to 3 resturants is kinda crazy.. let people eat what they want...We pay for it.. The drinks.. I had to tell them to slow down!!! they stock the mini bar every day with Beer, water and soda.. I really had a wonderful time.. Bring sunscreen/ american dollars/ a small colaspable cooler to bring your beer to the beach in the AM.the nightlife leaves a little to be desired, this aint Vegas!!! I know Ill be going back SOON!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice hotel We stayed at the Bahia Principe for a fortnight (room 4211) until the end of July 2004. Everything was first class and I would recommend this hotel to anyone for a relaxing vacation. There was absolutely no problem with food. In some cases drinks could be better. The staff is friendly and dominicans are nice, outgoing people. People from USA. please keep in mind that the rest of the world is not USA territory in wide sense so it's YOU that should adapt to dominican language and habits and not them. Wear your smile and go there, it's marvellous and the beach is one of the best.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Loureiro
<Content>As expected We (me, wife and son) arrived last week from Punta Cana. To evaluate Bahia Principe we consider four major items: 1) Environment (room, gardens, overall look) 5* 2) Pools, Beach 5* 3) Food 4* (we didn麓t like the three pre reservation rests but the big buffet was very good) 4) Drinks 3*. Two recomendations - go for the safari to learn about the country and the people and be careful when shopping - you can buy whatever you want for at least half of the price the vendor ask you.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ardnas
<Content>loved the bahia principe Just returned from the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana. What a wonderful time we had. Went with another couple. no one got sick. Food was good for an AI, speciality restaurants were good also. People were friendly,spoke some english enough to get by and we didn't speak hardly any spanish. Shows were corny, but entertaining, if you want Las Vegas go to Las Vegas. The entertainers work very hard and are very talented. There is a casino on the property, alittle town of shops which by the way is very reasonable for gifts. They were only a few cents more than the vendors on the beach. We stayed near the pool in villa 21201 and it was very convenient if you are beach and pool lovers. Would definitely return, even with the vegitation still being in a young stage the hotel is beautiful.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A beautiful resort We traveled as a group and had two rooms, it was a fiftieth birthday present for my brother in-law. Originally we were to stay at the Ocean Bavaro Beach Resort and having just read those reviews we are glad to have been transferred to the Bahia. Once we arrived at the Bahia our worries quickly dissipated. Check in was prompt, the service for the entire stay was excellent, the massage was wonderful and the special care for my brother in-law's cake, etc. put a nice touch to the long weekend. Yahaira at public relations put a wonderful face on a good resort. We did have a problem with the plumbing in one room but the hotel staff quickly addressed the issue and reminded us that the hotel had just opened and they were still working out some of the kinks.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TexasLady
<Content>***!!! Great Time had by all!!!*** We just returned from the Bahia yesterday July 21st. We had a 21 and 22 year olds with us (young men) neither wanted to come back home. They tried to figure a way to make money and stay in the DR because they fell in love with the people and the resort. I worried about the trip before we left, even to the point of calling my travel agent two days before to change our Hotel. I am sooooo glad we didn't change. Our room was wonderful, the resort is beautiful and the people were so helpful and friendly they couldn't do enough for us ( and we don't tip till the last day we have always done that and never are treated differently because we don't tip the first day.) I tip because the service or food is good,not to get good service or food. (just my way) anyway, back to the resort, I can't think of anything bad except the wine. we didn't like it. but we don't drink a lot of wine, the shows were the usual resort shows but as the previous post said, my Lord people this isn't Vegas, the dancers, I should wish I was in such good shape, the animation teams are awsome, they are friendly and helpful, always willing to play or sit and talk (yes some do speak english, some do not) My husband speaks spanish so I had it a bit easier than some of the previous travelers. we went to the Mikado (Japanese) I don't eat Japanese food but this was great! My boy's loved it, they eat it in Dallas all the time. The Mexican, was good, the chinola margarita's were wonderful, I can't think of anything bad, yes if you are looking for lots of crazy fun don't go there it is relaxing and beautiful and very classie, I hope we will beable to afford to go when it is open completely. I could go on but if you want to email me please do. If you go with the attitude that we are guest in there country and no they don't have to speak english we are visiting them in there land so get over yourselves and follow the the Dominican point of view NO PROBLEM! and you will have no problem. Right now if you want a Wild Disco, or Vegas type shows don't go. But if you want to have a relaxing time and be treated like a King or Queen. Go, go with a smile and good attitude and all will be good! In fact the words of one of the younger traveler in our group, ( he recommends it, he recommends it, he recommends, in fact if you need a guide or a traveling companion, he will volunteer, just give him time to clear his schedule. LOL) Hope this helps. (PS: by all means take sun screen, I got burned) Mosquito's are bad but I used the stuff you can order with the 30 degree protection and with Mosquito stuff in it and it was great. (don't know if I can say who I ordered it from) but that stuff works great. Have fun, let me know if you need any additional information.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Where did you stay?   showReview(2287582, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel is gorgeous, Food Horrible!   showReview(2282176, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful time   showReview(2231504, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Recommended   showReview(2231073, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than we expected   showReview(2230158, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel...will be excellent when finished   showReview(2230112, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>everything you need or want   showReview(2227053, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort (But Still "Under Construction")   showReview(2216928, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gumdrop38
<Content>5 Star Potential   showReview(2213555, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rceh3
<Content>Exactly what i expected for a new resort.   showReview(2204214, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grosgras
<Content>Premier voyage dans le sud   showReview(23290793, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Stern2000
<Content>Mehr Schein als Sein       t盲gl. Schlange vor der Toilette  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>souriremm
<Content>Excellent茅!!!   showReview(23085463, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eskanu
<Content>arreglos mal rematados       la piscina con el bar es parada obligada.Aqui me lo pase genial.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>cyrAndaluciaEspa_a
<Content>perfecto premier       villas  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>spawn95
<Content>Sejour Paradisiaque.....   showReview(23006796, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sozitomel
<Content>Viaje Inolvidable   showReview(22999577, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>AlexggMadrid
<Content>Cumplio nuestras expectativas   showReview(22872372, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>jeffreyrawdon
<Content>hotel de r锚ve       prendre un cooktail avant de souper hall d'entr茅e  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>roselouve
<Content>vraiment super   showReview(22824067, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sylvieGatineau
<Content>merveilleux voyage   showReview(22777097, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>maah-ry
<Content>Le paradis !       Un des Hall d'entr茅s o霉 l'on peut aller le soir pour prendre un verre et discuter  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sophiads
<Content>Excellent h么tel que je recommande 脿 100%   showReview(22631700, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cafjul
<Content>anti-burnout   showReview(22456135, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>grugot
<Content>Parfait ou presque...   showReview(22347643, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>seiken
<Content>Extraordinaire       Journ茅e sur la plage  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Baggera
<Content>N'allez pas 脿 cet h么tel, il y a meilleure qualit茅 pour moins cher.   showReview(22317357, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	5	4	3	4	

<Author>azules
<Content>fueron las mejores vacaciones de mi vida   showReview(22218886, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>honeymooner1108
<Content>Et dire que certains touristes se plaignent!   showReview(22117659, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>PaquitaRosario
<Content>Me gust贸 much铆simo el Gran Bah铆a Pr铆ncipe   showReview(21814673, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jenyccs
<Content>Mejor imposible...........   showReview(21716370, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ManelLleida
<Content>Buena opci贸n en Punta Cana   showReview(21444643, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	5	3	3	

<Author>krusca
<Content>muy buen hotel ,mejor de lo que me esperaba       el coktel del dia  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>CIREG37
<Content>Un paradis sur terre !!!!!!!!!!   showReview(21017426, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DEKACHE
<Content>Great time   showReview(20964862, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>fab1761
<Content>Superbe h么tel   showReview(20929834, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Miaun
<Content>Enorme!       Un pezzo di una piscina  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	4	5	5	

<Author>LUXCOL
<Content>Muy buen hotel   showReview(20683167, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>GenD
<Content>Toujours parfait   showReview(20505854, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mstamant
<Content>D茅plac茅s par l'ouragan!!   showReview(20351387, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Josee and Ben
<Content>Entre un 4* et un 4.5* - Super!   showReview(19982795, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Tenerife1
<Content>Trato del personal p茅simo   showReview(19933869, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	1	1	2	

<Author>mvalenciaValencia
<Content>ROBO EN HABITACION ATENCIONES NULAS   showReview(19783615, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>1	3	2	3	1	3	1	3	

<Author>JorgeBuenosAires
<Content>Un muy buen hotel   showReview(19722003, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>sergiojurado
<Content>que bonito hotel Gran principe bahia resort AMBAR       que bien lo hemos pasado y que gente tan guay hemos conocido .  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hhbarriuso
<Content>Un completo desastre   showReview(19597594, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	5	4	5	1	1	1	

<Author>BERSI
<Content>Bonita experiencia   showReview(19596791, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Villaggio a 5 stelle a tutti gli effetti   showReview(19634301, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>320cc
<Content>Une trappe 脿 touristes 4*       Ne pas approcher des boutiques sur la plage, vous ne pourrez pas ressortir sans avoir achet茅!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	2	5	2	4	1	

<Author>eric39
<Content>Magnifique!   showReview(19208279, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>loro4618
<Content>Hotel espectacular!!!!!   showReview(19093227, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Jfg2410
<Content>La Magia de Rep煤blica Dominicana en Bah铆a Principe   showReview(19086077, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Quiviritu
<Content>nota alta       una de nuestras excursiones  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Dmcmp
<Content>el mejor paraiso de todos!!!!   showReview(18901168, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>becky444
<Content>No es cinco estrellas   showReview(18883032, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>salibel
<Content>Instalaciones preciosas, trato pesimo   showReview(18669045, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	2	1	1	

<Author>invalides
<Content>l horreur , nourriture innacceptable le camping   showReview(18300411, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	1	2	1	

<Author>Machrone
<Content>El paraiso en la tierra       La playa  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>giorgio61Milano
<Content>Quasi tutto perfetto   showReview(17815036, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>vero85
<Content>le paradis       les bungalows  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mare08
<Content>Penoso   showReview(17697491, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mrodrz
<Content>Cumplio con mis espectativas.       restaurante el capriccio  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>manou38
<Content>A recommander   showReview(17643501, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Janetsita
<Content>Mis peores vacaciones   showReview(17610171, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>2	5	2	5	5	3	1	-1	

<Author>MilagrosPuertoRico
<Content>Decepcionada del Gran Bah铆a Pr铆ncipe, Punta Cana   showReview(17606766, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	5	2	5	2	

<Author>Jacky59
<Content>Superbe h么tel sur la grande plage de Bavaro       les diff茅rentes villas 茅parpill茅es dans le parc  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fran_bcn
<Content>Cuidado   showReview(17367509, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>1	3	2	3	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>amantemare
<Content>Vacanza meravigliosa al Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana       una mia foto lungo la spiaggia  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bisounours92
<Content>Magnifique.... el paradiso ....       un bout de plage  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>matadorkempes
<Content>me defraudo un poco   showReview(16955927, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Gashley
<Content>Fascinada con Bahia Principe   showReview(16930032, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Loufiii
<Content>Bien, mais qualit茅 g茅n茅rale en baisse   showReview(16917040, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Zazou68
<Content>Tous au Gran Bahia de Principe !       Alors convaincu?  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tryax
<Content>Sensazionale       Le stelle marine  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kp4sat
<Content>Me facino el hotel Bahia Principe   showReview(16817108, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FLOChile
<Content>Lo pase espectacular   showReview(16617038, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>kaluguita
<Content>me encanto el servicio, la atencion, instalaciones..todo todo!   showReview(16616067, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mac07Madrid
<Content>Alto muy alto nivel, deverdad   showReview(16489562, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Maria971
<Content>Excelente trato, excelente instalaciones, excelente todo       Clases salsa playa  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>belisa85
<Content>Calidad Comfort muy bello   showReview(15739158, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>mssquin
<Content>茅pouvantable s茅jour   showReview(15549025, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Miko-BuenosAires
<Content>Una experiencia altamente recomendable   showReview(15262505, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	1	

<Author>heimlich
<Content>Difficile de revenir 脿 la r茅alit茅       Lobby  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>nat67
<Content>hotel splendide   showReview(15141372, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>turquoise0607
<Content>Paradisiaque   showReview(15103127, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>OTTIMA STRUTTURA MA SOLO AMERICANI   showReview(15565741, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mi-churrito
<Content>no volveria   showReview(15088786, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	5	

<Author>grifon1
<Content>service extra       batisse  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>verdic
<Content>paradis terrestre       l'interminable plage - magnifique  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Master_Fabio
<Content>Un 茅toile de trop   showReview(14815514, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	1	

<Author>bedzi
<Content>Le paradis sur terre       sous les palapas  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bayonnais
<Content>merveilleux hotel       restaurant mexicain  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CORALIE14
<Content>Tr猫s bel h么tel       Cuisinier resto japonais  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LegardeurBou
<Content>Un tres beau voyage!!!! Jacques et Johanne Legardeur Quebec   showReview(14661417, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Hola_Senior
<Content>Excellent   showReview(14644894, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IvanicaBarcelona
<Content>existe el paraiso   showReview(14471011, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>julyetemilien
<Content>des vacance merveilleuse !!!!!       vu de la chanbre !!!!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Steffy_g87
<Content>Vacances de r锚ves 10/10!!       Papa et maman au Caf茅 de Paris  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>James384
<Content>Hotel de Lujo, lejor el mejor que he estado en Punta Cana       Restaurant Japones  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Papillon_8
<Content>Merveilleuses vacances       Luxuriante vegetation  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>suchateau
<Content>Grand Bahia Princip茅 PARADISIAQUE       Fleur de banane  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>minucci
<Content>Bella Struttura ma..   showReview(14017147, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FabiusRoma82
<Content>Vacanze da Principe !!!   showReview(13955795, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>LilyFrank
<Content>Paradis au Gran Bahia Principe Bavaro 5*       Plage 脿 Punta Cana  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sweetheartMontreal
<Content>Vacances inoubliables   showReview(13889116, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ReppoCop
<Content>Ottima struttura, servizio all'altezza   showReview(13866271, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Salta1
<Content>Excelente alternativa para precio calidad   showReview(13840091, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sheyla_Malaga
<Content>fue una pasada,sin duda repetire   showReview(13638494, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cadiso
<Content>Je vous reverez !   showReview(13626603, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>francoisvitry
<Content>De bonnes vacances       Les b芒timents de trois 茅tages aux oeur du jardin  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Ofelia-7
<Content>Excellent s茅jour   showReview(13609066, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>maryhappy
<Content>Le paradis tout simplement   showReview(13536054, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LuigiNapoli
<Content>Mio dio... che spettacolo!!!   showReview(13529280, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>michaelcisternas
<Content>todo super   showReview(13473546, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoshKI
<Content>Magnifico sin duda el mejor hotel   showReview(13383865, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Flia3argentos
<Content>Bah铆a Pr铆ncipe : Calidad, diversi贸n y servicio !!!       Show Pueblo Pr铆ncipe  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>MoonMetz
<Content>Super h么tel !!!   showReview(13365330, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mabevari
<Content>nuestras mejore vacaciones       zona premier  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>didine81
<Content>Le Paradis sur terre!!!!       la piscine de la plage  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cacimbo
<Content>Gran Bahia Principe 5 stelle a pieno titolo!       G.B.P. Punta Cana 1  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bout47
<Content>un vrai paradis   showReview(13211939, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>baibawein
<Content>he repetido y repetire   showReview(13177890, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>CHARINY
<Content>es el paraiso   showReview(13173641, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nads68
<Content>Superbe hotel       magnifique plage  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Finipe
<Content>Buen hotel       Capilla  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>miky007
<Content>plaisir et d茅tente assur茅   showReview(13029439, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ARCHITYPE
<Content>Il paradiso esiste!!!       Hall del Bahia Principe  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bulles
<Content>Tr猫s belle place       la plage  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fanlopo
<Content>expectacular   showReview(12782703, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>olivier8588
<Content>Simplement Excellent !       v茅g茅tation  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Claudita_Chile
<Content>Excelente       Habitaciones espaciosas y Limpias  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>totalaccroc
<Content>paradis sur terre       rafraichissant  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>verodomi
<Content>Excellent h么tel       une des piscines  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lory1220
<Content>Magnifique vacances   showReview(12533492, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Yannb92
<Content>Un tr猫s bel et bon h么tel, mais attention 脿 votre emplacement       La plage  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>GozoViajero
<Content>De todas maneras recomiendo Bah铆a Pr铆ncipe Punta Cana       Playa Bavaro  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MaravillaChile
<Content>Felices de haber estado all铆.       El Color es Real  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Helga_66
<Content>Tr猫s grand h么tel   showReview(11879614, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Picounet
<Content>Un endroit luxueux et id茅al pour se reposer       Piscine vue de la chambre  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>segio4501
<Content>trop top !!!!!!c'est le paradis   showReview(11599888, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Rosarinoyque
<Content>Excelente hotel       camino a la playa  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gayou06
<Content>super   showReview(11486140, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>fer70
<Content>Todo Fantastico       La bella y las palmeras  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>chriseli
<Content>Superbe s茅jour !!!!!   showReview(11407882, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MontrealIsa
<Content>malpropre   showReview(11288675, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>susimaria
<Content>Un para铆so donde disfrutar   showReview(11276118, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Ginny91
<Content>fantastique s茅jour en amoureux!   showReview(11055814, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>yovolvere
<Content>perfecto   showReview(10851177, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>trademarks
<Content>Die Anlage ist sch枚n, der Golden Club ist nichts besonderes!   showReview(10813593, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emy33
<Content>vacances parfaites       piscine  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ChiruBuenosAires
<Content>Excelente!!!   showReview(10772477, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cya07
<Content>Vacaciones Maravillosas       Lobby del hotel  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>alcaribe
<Content>Gran complejo, Muy nuevo, muy limpio, etc, etc   showReview(10768074, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>alfamar
<Content>Somos Albert y Fabby       Vida Nocturna  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beachdaygirl
<Content>nourriture excellente       Belle eau ,beau sable  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>jodanme
<Content>beau voyage avec ouragan noel   showReview(10685968, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	2	5	

<Author>will27
<Content>Merveikkeu hotel mais....   showReview(10678851, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ana32
<Content>Cuidado con las habitaciones   showReview(10579206, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	3	5	3	5	2	

<Author>haRICOvert
<Content>Je recommande cet h么tel       La r茅ception  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brugalin
<Content>Esta bien   showReview(10384392, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	3	5	3	

<Author>liguana
<Content>grand bahia principer je vais y retourner       la chambre  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jack_lulu
<Content>Site Extraordinaire et quelle service   showReview(10272774, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>buzzee
<Content>Soleil, soleil, soleil       Barman bar lobby section Bavaro  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kiwy
<Content>Un merveilleux voyage       La mer  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TropicalSelection
<Content>exceleeennnteee!!!   showReview(10066850, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>parejaAsturias
<Content>Im-presionante   showReview(10062312, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tatiVarese
<Content>CON MUCIO GUSTO!!!!!!!splendido   showReview(10052686, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Airecordoba
<Content>La felicidad tiene un nombre Gran Bahia Principe   showReview(10035494, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MERYVacaciones
<Content>Un sue帽o hecho realidad       Isla Saona  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DESIValencia
<Content>lo mejor de lo mejor!!!!!!!!!!   showReview(10006632, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	4	

<Author>zuan
<Content>Spettacolare       stanza bahia principe  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CVD485
<Content>Excellent       lobby  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	2	

<Author>manie52
<Content>Superbes vacances       photos travaux Ambar prises le 09/09/07  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EricaCaracas
<Content>Lo mejor de lo mejor!!!!!!!   showReview(8708068, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>halinamaria
<Content>un posto stupendo spiagge indimenticabili   showReview(8607573, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carlettaCaserta
<Content>pi霉 di cos矛 c'猫 solo il paradiso   showReview(8606520, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lightanghel
<Content>excelente!!!!!!   showReview(8525523, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>juancho321
<Content>Poca calidad por el precio cobrado   showReview(8508438, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Sarkofago
<Content>Espectacular   showReview(8493587, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cya05
<Content>Fue genial   showReview(8470457, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	5	5	

<Author>aleks_Spain
<Content>Felicitaciones al Bah铆a Principe de Punta Cana   showReview(8398562, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>juankgv77
<Content>No vengan a este hotel, el infierno tiene nombre Bahia Principe!!!!   showReview(8397803, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	1	1	1	

<Author>tonyetsandie
<Content>Vacances parfaites       vue plage  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cristina>Neil
<Content>Stupendo!!!   showReview(8281604, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jsepulvw
<Content>Muy bueno Bahia Principe   showReview(8262668, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>Lerilaura
<Content>La pasamos bien, pero creo que no regreso       El barco hundido en la playa  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Vigues
<Content>El mejor Hotel y el personal m谩s amable y servicial que he encontrado.   showReview(8209823, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>sandrahsps
<Content>Voyage inoubliable   showReview(8207406, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>macha2006
<Content>Excellent choix   showReview(8128850, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>pirumavi
<Content>Hotel Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana: Un paraiso   showReview(8120553, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>fille-de-la-mer
<Content>Vraiment g茅nial   showReview(8110776, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hermim
<Content>el paraiso   showReview(8026495, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>roland52
<Content>hotel grand bahia principe       d茅cor ext茅rieur essuyes de plage  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kunst
<Content>bellissimoooooooo   showReview(7869932, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Zed24
<Content>Tr猫s, tr猫s belles vacances   showReview(7817242, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>paquotd
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(7805526, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jenn_in
<Content>y volvereeeeee!!!!!!! maravilloso   showReview(7796925, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nala-II
<Content>unas vacaciones de ensue帽o.       playa b谩varo II  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>guillermocastillo
<Content>gente seria   showReview(7712284, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hamac
<Content>En g茅n茅ral un tr猫s bon hotel       La terrasse du bar pr猫s du lobby  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>vulcanmc
<Content>Esun complejo de lujo encantador. la atenci贸n fue exquisita. Volveremos, seguro.   showReview(7638585, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>christine9979
<Content>grand bahia principe   showReview(7633110, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	2	5	

<Author>PIMO1
<Content>Site exceptionnel       La piscine au bord de la plage a 6h00 du matin  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	1	3	4	

<Author>odocimo
<Content>Si el paraiso existe tiene que ser algo como esto.....       el charro  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>racheltre
<Content>vous ne vous trompez pas!!!   showReview(7394767, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dorenes
<Content>Excursi贸n a isla Saona   showReview(7394530, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Schambier
<Content>Je dirais plut么t 4 ou 4 1/2       Sushi  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>monje
<Content>el ambiente perfecto   showReview(7329408, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>toscano
<Content>....un vero Villaggio...   showReview(7268731, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>Francyl
<Content>Fantastique   showReview(7259262, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RSCA_GUNNER
<Content>Splendide hotel       th茅atre  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gatesdee
<Content>wow !!!!!       lobby Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sonylude
<Content>excellent...   showReview(7228045, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aldoli
<Content>Tr猫s grand h么tel   showReview(7216380, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>holguinera
<Content>las mejores vacaciones   showReview(7208883, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daniel45
<Content>Quel beau voyage               More photos  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>carolinaEspa帽ol
<Content>Nos encant贸!! Un verdadero paraiso!       Actividad en canoas  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>espa帽olviajero
<Content>el hotel no esta mal   showReview(7148599, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	2	5	3	3	3	

<Author>lademone
<Content>vacances au soleil   showReview(7148461, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>langoustina
<Content>quel magnifique h么tel   showReview(7010355, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mayabella
<Content>Divin!!!   showReview(6901309, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lalorraine
<Content>beau complexe tres bien entretenu   showReview(6899407, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ly-ly+steph
<Content>un paradis 脿 d茅couvrir       lobby...  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BuenosAiresTriper
<Content>punta cana genial,el bahia principe mediocre   showReview(6819773, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	1	4	1	

<Author>messagervoyageur
<Content>le paradis terrestre   showReview(6808201, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TripAMontreal
<Content>Pas le paradis, mais un bon hotel.   showReview(6799581, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>izabo
<Content>paradis sur terre   showReview(6783657, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pat_et_Ge
<Content>surement le meilleur!!!       茅pave d'un cargo en face de la plage  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Loliberliner
<Content>e s p e c t a c u l a r        Club Premier  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>oliviaEspa帽a
<Content>El hotel es excelente pero me enfad茅 con los guias de Soltour.   showReview(6582240, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	5	2	

<Author>bob-l-eponge
<Content>Trop de la balle !!       la plage  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>brimarc
<Content>Paradisiaque   showReview(6501589, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>corsicanazione
<Content>un grand hotel...       vers les chambres  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bellepatte
<Content>10 jours au paradis   showReview(6482777, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>benefactor
<Content>Tip/top..   showReview(6320959, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>derkisa
<Content>Candiac, Qc 掳 EXCEPTIONNEL! 掳               
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kermita
<Content>Para no salir del hotel   showReview(6055210, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>chucky1981
<Content>Muy bien   showReview(5927027, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>easy2use
<Content>Merci pour tout Gran Bahia Principe   showReview(5786244, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FalconQC5
<Content>Superbe hotel   showReview(5782290, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SE脩ORITAL
<Content>El paraiso encontrado       Nada m谩s llegar  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pepe14
<Content>Excellente Vacationes!   showReview(5713339, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>phoebebuffay
<Content>S茅jour agr茅able avec des pours et des contres   showReview(5619474, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Cris22
<Content>Flojillo.   showReview(5618626, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>YULEMA
<Content>Se perdi贸 mi maleta y nunca apareci贸!!!!!   showReview(5575268, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beau voyage!   showReview(5459209, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Estupenda vacaciones Vale la pena   showReview(5405521, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beaucoup de monde!   showReview(5211383, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Una de mis mejores vacaciones   showReview(5187309, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolument rien 脿 redire!!!!   showReview(5179946, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Un desastre total   showReview(5065848, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super       la plage  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Une semaine all inclusive       (Entrez votre l茅gende ici)  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>El Paraiso existe !!       Relax total  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>familyde4
<Content>excellent pour les familles avec enfants   showReview(4726544, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WaxKodakMax
<Content>Paradis Sur Terre       La piscine pr猫s de la playa  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bahia Principe Club Golden est sublime   showReview(3194147, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

