<Author>Beagle007
<Content>Great Value - Great Location - close to transport and city I stayed here for a work event.The hotel is attached to the NSW Leagues Club.It has a gym, poker machines, Thai restuarant and the cheapest drinks in Sydney!Close to train for travel around the city and the Airport.Close to freeway direct to the airport - about $28 fare.Rooms are clean and basic - have a fridge and microwave along with tea and coffee making facilities.Beds are good and the staff are friendly and always helpful.Enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Dilbert450
<Content>The best bargain in town       Spacious room.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Huscarl
<Content>Met my needs at a reasonable price and in a great location OK, so it's not a 5 star hotel, but for the price and location I don't know of anything that can beat it.I was in Sydney on business and spent the first week at the Holiday Inn on Darling Harbour (they say on but it's actually a 5 minute walk away) and then transfered to the Travelodge when it came to parting with my own money for 5 days of sightseeing!Other people have complained about the hotel needing a facelift, and although it's not the Hilton it seemed perfectly adequate to me (and I spend many nights in hotels all over the world). In fact the standard of decor in my room was very similar to the Holiday Inn! On arrival I was asked if I wanted a quiet room facing onto the courtyard or a room onto the street; I chose the quiet room. Luckily it seems that the time I was there (end of August) it was pretty quiet without any visiting groups so I suppose it's just down to luck (my previous hotel filled up with a couple of bus loads of Japanese students). The room had a double bed as well as a microwave and sink. The bathroom was spacious with a walk in shower rather than a bath. In-room internet access was provided through an ethernet cable and Wi-Fi was also available, although I didn't use either of these. The room was very clean and tidy and the bed was always well made. I found the staff helpful and friendly. I didn't try the laundry facilities so can't comment on those.The hotel itself shares a building with the New South Wales rugby league, with a sports bar downstairs (where you get discounted drinks as a hotel guest) as well as slot machines and an off-licence (liquor store). There is also a cocktail bar and restaurant on the first floor, although this is closed on Sunday evenings. The breakfast was adequate with a cooked breakfast starting at A$14 for bacon, eggs and tomatoes. Sausages, mushrooms, beans etc can then be added at A$2 extra each. A continental breakfast was also available and included in the price of the cooked breakfast.In terms of location, it's well placed. It's right next to the financial district of Sydney, and is next door to the High Court, a subway station and main bus routes (which included the 333 to Bondi Beach). Many things are within a 5 - 10 minute walk, including the main shopping centre, Hyde Park and the Royal Botanic Gardens. Circular Quay, the Rocks, Sydney Harbour Bridge and Darling Harbour are all about 15 minutes away downhill, so a little longer walking back.Unless you're looking for a hotel to spend all your time in (and who would want to do that in Sydney), but want a reasonably priced room somewhere between budget backpackers rooms and the Hilton I'd recommend this as a good place to stay without breaking the bank. It's central location, clean rooms and adequate facilities knocks spots of many of the other comparably priced hotels I could find.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Lejam
<Content>Great location for a great price We stayed at the Travelodge Phillip St twice in July 08 and booked online through their website and got quite a good rate. The hotel is easy to find and located between two train stations (St James and Martin Plaza). I would recommend using Martin Plaza station if you have heavy luggage as they have escalators where as James St has lots of stairs). The hotel is part of the NSW Leagues Club and there is shared reception. The reception staff were friendly and helpful. The doorman for the Leagues club (Kiwi) was very helpful and assisted with our luggage, food and lifts. Being from a rival state (during State of Origin time in Sydney) everyone was in good humour and made us feel welcome. Both rooms was clean with a queen sized bed single lounge chair, free pay TV, small table and two seats. There was a small kitchenette with basic cutlery/crockery, a microwave, kettle and bar fridge. The bathroom was reasonable with a walk in shower (good for accessibility).Our air-conditioning/heating wasn鈥檛 working in our first room but was fine on our second stay. There was considerable construction noise on the Phillip St side hotel in a nearby office building which went all night (on a Friday). Our second room faced Elizabeth St and there were no problems with noise. Being a guest of the hotel, you had temporary membership and were able to access the club restaurants and bars. There was also a bottle shop downstairs which exited onto Elizabeth St. Drink and meal prices were very reasonable and the pub style meals were satisfying. Two computers with paid internet were available on level 6 near lifts and vending machine.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>IT-biz
<Content>great budget hotel great location, great price got it for ~$100/night online. the rooms are big and spacious and clean. best part has a small area to prepare some food in the room, not serious cooking but with microwave. i would strongly recomend to anyone looking for great budget hotel.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>luke_brisbane
<Content>Great location for travellers i stayed here last year with a group from school and we didn't have a choice of where we stayed and i was a bit hesitant. Although when we arrived i was quietly suprised. It was a nice place to stay for travellers as it was good accomodation, close to circular quay, the opera house, harbour bridge, shops and a 50 metre walk to martin place. The room was nice but small with a descent bathroom. The hotel is done nice with the centre of it consisting of a courtyard fully enclosed with an italian theme all the way up the centre of the hotel. I looked to stay in sydney again here and i say how much it was as we were not informed at the time. I thought it was overpriced for the room you get and i think if you look hard enought you could stay somewhere better for that price. All in all it was a good stay with no negatives and i would recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>The-Grant-Family
<Content>Basic, but clean and cheap We were in Sydney for a conference and had travelled from Adelaide. (We emigrated to Australia from the UK at Christmas and this was our first visit to Sydney as a 'local').Although on our last 2 visits to Sydney as a tourist from the UK we stayed in the Rocks area, we decided to save some money hence the Travelodge Hotel.For the money, we would recommend the hotel and would stay there again. The location felt safe and was only a 10 minute walk to Circular Quay - up hill on the way back.The hotel shares the building with the NSW Rugby Leagues Club and occupies the top 3 or 4 floors. There is no view, other than the street and our room simply overlooked an ugly office block across the road.The bed was fairly comfortable and the room had satellite tv, microwave, fridge, kettle, iron. The bathroom had a shower rather than a bath which was great for us. No safety deposit box in the room - did not bother to find out if one was available at reception.The room was clean and non-smoking.In all, fairly basic but did exactly what we wanted it for and for the money would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	3	4	2	

<Author>LizMontereo
<Content>Well worth a visit I had read other reviews on Trip Advisor and they were mostly complimentary and on the weekend I went availability was at a premium so for the cost I was prepared to take a risk. I am very pleased to say I was very pleased and surprised at the room we had. Well appointment, clean and tidy, spotless hallways etc. Location was sensational. 1/2 block to the train, a block from David Jones, 3 blocks to the ferries...sensational! Well worth a visit and a steal at the price they offer! Do yourself a favour and enjoy the experience. Staff were lovely and very helpful.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>icarus-oz
<Content>Charmless, uncomfortable, and poorly serviced My office booked the Travelodge for a meeting as it supposedly had the requisite star rating (3.5) and was very close to the meeting I booked for. I would never stay there again, nor would I ever recommend it to someone else.I arrived at around 9pm and found an unprepossessing entrance to a Leagues Club (for our international visitors, think of a very noisy, dingy bar with a rows and rows of poker machines). Reception was off to one side, and the entrance to a cafe was next to that, so that anyone dealing with the receptionist on the left had to move away from the counter any time someone wanted to enter or leave the cafe.I soon wished that I had nevertheless been served by the left-hand receptionist, because the right-hand one told me that they had decided to book me into a different hotel in an adjoining suburb and would call me a cab, as they did not have a room for me. However, the left hand receptionist just kept checking people into rooms. When I pointed this out, my receptionist said that the hotel had tried to call and tell me they were putting me somewhere else. I know for an absolute fact that this is not true. I was in my office all day and had no voicemail, the same applies to my receptionist, and any diverted calls go to a business unit which is staffed so that phones are never unattended. There were no calls from the hotel (which also had my mobile phone number and email address).I said that I was tired, it had just taken me an hour to find the cab that brought me there, and that in any event I had only booked this hotel because of its proximity to the meeting, so it was not acceptable to move me to another location. On top of which, the room had been paid for in advance and I had the hotel's faxed receipt and acknowledgement with me. For literally thirty minutes the woman kept me standing at the counter while she rang various people asking if she could give me a room. Finally I said I would accept a room elsewhere if it was within a two blocks of my meeting. She then kept me standing for another thirty minutes while she rang various other hotels. As the left hand receptionist checked more people in. I asked why there were rooms for other people and not for me and she could only say that the hotel had tried to call - which as I say I knew absolutely was untrue.Finally (I was very tired and hungry by now and tired of standing in heels) I asked if I took the room in the suburbs, would the hotel pay for the taxi back to my meeting in the morning. The recptionist looked shocked by this suggestion. She then went back to a small room, made another phone call, and came back and told me they did have a room for me after all. By the time I got into my room, therefore, it was after 10pm and the hotel restaurant was closed. The room contains a menu for a restaurant delivery service but that too closed at 10pm. There was no minibar or any similar amenities in the room. There are some vending machines on the next level down so I used the last of my change to get a packet of chips for dinner. So I was now starving hungry as well as thoroughly cranky and tired.The room was quite hot and dark and the furnishings very basic. The bathroom was quite big but had no bath and it was not as clean as it could have been. Towels were quite small and the only amenities were a single small cake of soap and a bottle of hotel shampoo. Absolutely no way is this a 3.5 star hotel - it's barely a 2 star.I had a shower and then tried to watch TV, but the remote didn't work (the batteries were operating, but it wouldn't move from the movie menu). So I read the book I had brought with me but as the bulb in the bedside light was out there wasn't that much point. (I did at that point wonder if the room was in fact out of commission for repairs etc and I had been put in it for lack of another, but in that case I should have been told and offered a discount. The bed was quite hard and uncomfortable, and the curtains do not adequately creen out light so that the glare woke me early that I would have liked.When I checked out, the morning receptionist insisted the room had not been paid for. Again I could show her the faxed receipt and acknowledgement from the hotel to my company but she insisted in the face of this that the hotel had no record pf payment and insisted I sign against my credit card and she would check later whether my company had in fact paid. With misgivings I signed, as I did not want to be late for my meeting, but in fairness I am able to say that my credit card was never charged.This place is hideous, uncomfortable and absolutely lacking in amenities or service. I cannot recommend too strongly that you avoid it.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IzzoQuazzo
<Content>Great Location, Good Service Central location, comfortable rooms. Had a noisy airconditioner. They fixed it within an hour after we called. Showers were hot with good pressure. No real complaints about the room. Location was good for connections to other parts of Sydney. Half way between two rail stations within a couple blocks. If you exit the back of the hotel you find yourself on Elizabeth Street with easy access to the bus lines and cabs. Hotel restaurant was decent. We had a hard time finding an open restaurant close by after 5pm. Internet access was worse than dial-up. Spent a lot of time on phone with their internet provider. Could not find an internet cafe nearby either.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	1	

<Author>OzTD
<Content>Great for the Price Needed a hotel in Sydney CBD at very short notice. Booked a mystery hotel on Last Minute. The hotel was Travelodge Phillip Street. Only paid $89 per night. Did not expect much. But rooms fine, location good. Basic but what do you expect for $89 in the heart of Sydney. If you can get a deal at this price you can't go wrong with this hotel!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Rowlf
<Content>Stuffy in Sydney Most probably a reasonable hotel for the price, and a convenient location, however there are a few things that need a mention:The rooms are small, the bed is hard, the staff were underwhelmed and unhelpful upon our request for a queen size bed, rather than two single beds we were given, as per our original booking. Whilst one staff member informed us that the hotel was fully booked her colleague cheerfully informed someone else that there were numerous rooms available. And the air-conditioning was laughable. Despite making a considerable noise it did nothing to cool our room or our friends room, despite being set to a crisp 17 degrees. Needless to say, since the windows didn't open it made for quite a stuffy little room.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sydney85
<Content>average Good location. There is no front door wheel chair access. What we had to do when we wanted to go out was go to the front desk, get them to unlock the lift so we could go down to the loading dock. When we got down there we had to open a gate to get into the loading dock area then press a button to raise the loading dock main door. On return we had to use the intercom to get the front desk staff to open the main door and ask them to come down and open the gate so we could get into the lift. It was a real hassle.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>vedder014
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location This was a really nice hotel in the middle of the Sydney CBD. It is less than a five minute walk from both the Pitt St. Shopping Center and the Royal Botantical Garden and about 10 minutes to Circualar Quay. We were able to walk to all the major tourist attractions and plenty of restaurants. Martin Place train station is only a block away which takes you right to Bondi Beach. As for the hotel itself it was very nice. The staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean and quiet, and the elevator access required your keycard so no one from the club below would wonder into the hotel area. Overall, this is a great place to stay if you are visiting Sydney, especially on a budget.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TToy123
<Content>Great budget hotel!! The Travelodge Hotel on Phillip street is really conveniently located right in the central business district, within 5-10 min walking distance to Sydney Harbor, Major shopping areas, Hyde Park, and George street nightlife. The hotel was incredibly clean (a new paint job had just been done when I arrived), and the staff friendly. Overall, it was a fantastic budget hotel for my one night stay, and I definitely got my money's worth in convenience and hotel amenities!  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ladyyankinoz
<Content>Best for Less in sydney Convenient location between trains stops at St. James and Martin Place....about a block from either one. Inviting with subtle soothing colours used for walls, carpeting and drapes. Pleasant room able to accomodate 3 adults or a small family. Walking distance to museums, heritage, The Rocks, Circular Quay, the Bridge, the Opera House, the Sydney Tower and the Botanical Gardens. Also only a block from Channel 7 you can see Sunrise. We stayed for five days during St. Patrick's day and also the 75th Anniversary of the Bridge. We found the room quiet and comfortable. A real bargain and the staff were pleasant and helpful. May eateries and cafes very close by. Try Society Caffe - great food for a small price!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>greypublicservant
<Content>Just like the pictures I stayed one Monday night for work and it was very handy to my office and walking distance to the other buildings I needed to find. Pitt street mall, castlereagh st shopping and hyde park are literally right there too. Lindt cafe literally 50m from the front door. Ignoring the traditional pub/club thing going on downstairs - bain-marie roast, pokies and that beer'n'ciggies smell (it is the NSW leagues club after all - the actual rooms upstairs are great. Spacious, fairly modern, own microwave and air con unit, dimmer switches on the lights, clean hotel linen, biiiig shower. Just like the pictures on the website. I was in rm 803, which is on the phillip st side looking out over legal chambers accross the road. The elevators are locked with card keys so safety is good. I was woken by traffic noise at 5:30am, but put in ear plugs, rolled over and went back to sleep til 9am. Otherwise, didn't notice the city noise at all. Didn't try the restaurants - there's already plenty of better food right at your doorstep in the CBD. Didn't deal much with the staff but seemed fine. I'd stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>anrinoz
<Content>Best hotel in Sydney         
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bossox
<Content>A 5 Star budget hotel This budget hotel exceeded all my expectations. It turned out to be an excellent choice in an upscale area right in the middle of everything. The 7th floor room was quiet, clean and large - queen size bed, couch, small table and chairs, TV, sink, microwave, refrigerator plus an ample bathroom with shower. No fancy decor, but both the halls and room appeared freshly painted and the carpeting seemed new as well. I had no idea what $105.00 USD would get me in a big city like Sydney, but I certainly didn't expect anything quite as nice as I got. The financial district was busy by day and quiet by night. I was traveling alone and felt quite safe. Coming back later at night there were people on the street, but not fringe people like I saw in other areas. I was able to walk everywhere easily - the opera house, botanic garden, Darling Harbor, and Chinatown were all 10-15 minutes away. Martin Place and St. James train stations were less than a block away and the buses stopped close by on Elizabeth or George Street. I would stay here again. For the dollars, it's a best buy.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DisgruntledMelbourne
<Content>Share your room with a Stranger! Stayed at this hotel with a colleague on a recent business trip. Very noisy, staff unhelpful. We had problems on checking in - had confused another guest with my colleague - same last name. Staff were adament that the mistake was ours until they realised it wasn't. No apologies for the confusion. However, worse was to come, I unlocked my room door to find that the hotel room was occupied by another guest - fortunately he was not there! This made me concerned from a security perspective. On returning to reception, they did not even apologise, gave me the key for the right room and on trying to open the room found the key had not been encoded. The rooms are noisy and the whole hotel reeks of cigarette smoke. Would never stay there again - one of the worst hotels in Sydney.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>getdown
<Content>All you need for the city centre If you're looking for a good standard of accommodation in the Sydney CBD at a reasonable price, this is probably a realiable choice. I stayed here for one night in January 2006, having secured a room for AUD99 on the day through the Travelodge website. Note that rates on the telephone were AUD50 more expensive, so I had to book on-line with my credit card despite it *not* being a secure website.The location is excellent - as others have mentioned, it's above the RSL on Phillip Street so well placed for shopping, sightseeing and entertainment. There is a little street noise but I believe this is the is acceptable when staying in the city centre. Nothing that will keep you awake for hours. The room itself is clean and tidy, everything one is likely to need when spending most time elsewhere. Staff are friendly, and overall this Travelodge is recommended. One thing to note - car parking in the city centre, the deal at this location is very good but still expensive at AUD32 for 24 hours.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sburns57
<Content>Great Value at Travelodge Sydney Martin Place My husband and I stayed for 4 nights in September 2005.We were very pleased with this hotel.The room was immaculately clean, and the bed very comfortable. There was a small kitchenette with a sink, microwave, fridge and coffee/tea making facilities. The room also had a table and chairs, an easy chair and flat screen TV. All of the furnishings were in good condition.We were on the 7th floor and did not experience any noise from the other rooms. The NSW club is on floors 1 - 4 and is very rowdy over on the weekends. As hotel guests you can go into their bars and facilities, but we did not. We did go to the Phillips St. Bisto located in the hotel. Excellent value; fairly good food and low prices for Sydney. Their Thai restaurant is on the 2nd floor, but is only open for lunch I believe. We didn't try it. The location of this hotel could not be better. We took the airport train to the Martin Place stop, which is 1 block from the hotel. We also took the Sydney  Bondi Sightseeing busses which have stops 1 block away from the hotel. The hotel staff were very friendly and again our room was spotless.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>greenfrog
<Content>Noisy Rooms The location is very central, near to both Martins Place and St James Stations and about a 15 minute walk to the harbour. It is right in the middle of the business district. The rooms are clean and modern but quite small.The major problem with the rooms is noise. The rooms are not double-glazed. Those at the back overlooking Elizabeth Street are particularly bad as this is a major road and there is a constant loud hum of traffic and there is also a bottle shop which gets early morning deliveries. Do not expect much sleep if you stay here.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2004
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>drflight
<Content>Central Location Noisy Rooms Excellent central business district location. Hotel is situated within the NSW Leagues' Club and guests have access to club facilities. Rooms are nicely fitted and have kitchenettes. Light sleepers should avoid this hotel. The bedrooms have studboard walls and you can hear the noises of not just the rooms next to you but rooms two or three away! This applys in particular to the inner facing courtyard rooms as this means ALL four walls are studboard. Shame really as the rooms are nice and the staff friendly. Check out Internet special offers on websites. I managed a $99 rate (July 2003) on the Internet which is good for such a CBD area.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2003
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>hilcon
<Content>Die Travelodge ist ein guter Ausgangspunkt f眉r die Stadtbesichtigung   showReview(12629146, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>JenjaySeevetal
<Content>Sehr gutes Preis/- Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(7828056, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sauber und ordentlich   showReview(11499559, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

