<Author>seoulgirl36
<Content>Okay for the price I found this motel via the internet-it was our third trip to SF and we decided to try something different than our first stay, which was in the financial district (second visit was a one day trip). The website was very well written and the photos were very enchanting. We were a bit disappointed upon our arrival. Not having much knowledge of the area, we did not realize the motel is right on a main thoroughfare; very busy with traffic. The pictures on the website and the customer reviews create this image of a motel nestled in a quiet corner of the Marina district, but this is not true. The room was quite small but okay for the two of us. We were right next to a room which allowed pets and the walls were very thin, so we heard the dogs barking for 5 hours straight one night because they left them unattended in their room. We almost called management but it was our last night, so we didn't make a big deal about it. Also, we could hear the neighbors coming in and out each and every time. The room was clean but they had a very old style heater in the room and it only heated the top half of the room. So, when we were on the bed watching tv, we would be cold but when we stood up, it would be toasty warm. It was okay for the duration of our visit and for the price, well, we got what we paid for, in our opinion. The website and the pictures are in a way, deceiving because there are no cobblestones in the courtyard and it wasn't really a quiet stay. I think if they included a picture of their neon lit sign, which is conveniently left out of the pictures on the website, people wouldn't be so quick to fall in love with the place; sight unseen.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	5	5	3	

<Author>nancyinabq
<Content>Quaint and charming I reserved 3 rooms in this sweet little motel on Lombard Street for my family. Each room was clean, no smells, and well equipped with the usual necessities. My room faced the street and was indeed noisy and shook with the big trucks but this did not bother me at all. It was just part of the city. The other rooms were interior courtyard rooms and were very quiet. There are window boxes full of colorful flowers and there is a little interior hallway  The staff was very friendly and helpful both in booking months ahead and while we were there. Talk to them about the room noise if that is a problem for anyone in your party.  This motel is in the Marina district which proved to be perfect. It is only a short walk to all kinds of restaurants and shopping. We also walked down to the Chrissy Fields Beach one morning. We easily caught the bus to go down to the wharf and another day up to Golden Gate Park. Easy to go anywhere on the buses and trolleys from this motel. There is free, free, free covered parking as a big bonus and the room rates was exceptionally low.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>terryter
<Content>Great Location for a Quaint Hotel The last few reviews are fairly accurate. We had a Lombard-side room which was fairly noisy. Lombard is a major throroughfare, so there is traffic at most hours of the night, with just a small decrease in the wee hours. Had we know, I certainly would have requested an inner courtyard or east side room. Also, the DVD player on our TV had tape over it, which seemed a bit tacky.That said, it is a sweet place in a great location. The room was comfortable and well-maintained. The same family has owned/managed the hotel since it was build in 1939, which says a lot. You can see they put some care into the maintenance (they were painting garden scenes on the walls during our stay). There's lots of stuff within walking distance (Presidio, Chestnut St., etc.) or bus line (Alcatraz trip, Embarcadero). And the price is quite reasonable for SF. We would definitely stay again assuming we could move the room.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Clanelder
<Content>Courtyard Room a Must The Marina Motel has a great location and is within walking distance of some great restaurants, shops, cinema. 10 minutes by bus to Fisherman's Wharf, free parking..... all as per the Motel spiel.However, unless you are used to traffic noise, I implore you to book a room off Lombard Street in the courtyard. We took sleeping pills to help us get an hour or two of rest, but still found it difficult. We tried to change our room, but the Motel was fully booked, so we decided it was easier to stay for our remaining three nights than to pack up and try again. It did mean we spent every waking moment away from our room. We crammed a lot into our 5 days in San Francisco!!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Kukimom
<Content>Good value-not perfect My mom and I stayed at the Marina Motel recently. I brought my small dog along too and we stayed for 3 nights. Overall, this was a good place to stay, despite a few flaws. It seems there are trade-offs with every place, so this was no exception. The Chestnut St. neighborhood has a lot of good restaurants and shops (including a couple of pet-related shops and Peets Coffee), and we liked the proximity to the Palace of FIne Arts, Crissy Field and the Presidio. It's close to the Golden Gate Bridge. The motel is also within walking distance to a neighborhood called Cow Hollow. So, the location is one of the best things about the motel. We liked the fact that we could park underneath our unit (most of the time), and the motel setting is very pretty with lots of bouganvillia, fuschia, etc. Cheerful. A real plus is that they allow pets and don't charge you an arm and a leg to stay there. The rooms weren't perfect - the windows had a mind of their own and the radiator was unpredictable and noisy. The door could use weather stripping. It was really nice that there were windows on both sides of the room. The beds were okay - we had 2 full size beds and one of them seemed newer because it was quite a bit firmer than the other one. The room was pretty clean and the staff friendly. One corner of the carpet smelled a bit like pet urine. The bathroom had a window which was nice and the shower was roomy and everything worked well. You aren't supposed to leave your pet in the room alone, which we obeyed, but our neighbors left their dog in their room alone and it barked often. The TV was a modern flat screen. Would I recommend this place? Yes, definitely, despite a few minor flaws.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>StuartDisco
<Content>Not the Ritz, but a decent place to stay We found the place thru Frommers and it has already been mentioned that this place is not the Ritz. We got a family room. Which is 2 rooms and a bathroom. The front room is facing Lombard, so it is very loud, but our kids sleep like bricks, so they were fine. The back room was alittle quieter, so that worked better for us. If noise is a problem for you, I would not recommend the rooms that are up along Lombard. Ask for the rooms on the back side of the motel. But this worked fine for us and the fridge and microwave were useful.The rooms were both very dated and tiny. There is barely a foot of walking room around the beds. The bathroom is actually spacious in comparison even though very dated.The rooms are kept clean and the maid was always done with the rooms before we came back around lunchtime. There are so many great places to eat on Chestnut street, this was a great location. Alot of sights are within walking distance if you don't mind hiking it. But there are bus stops all over the place and you can get anywhere if you hop on the right bus. It did take a bit to figure out the right bus though, so I suggest you look at the routes online before your trip, or use their free wi-fi when you get to the motel. Or I imagine you can pick up a bus schedule somewhere. Bus 39 on Chestnut went everywhere though: Fisherman's wharf, Little Italy, China Town, Financial district. Or ask for a transfer when you board the bus. Also, the bus drivers were all very friendly if you need help.Overall, the price was nice compared to other places in the area and the free parking would make it a steal if you have a car (we just walked everywhere though).Take advantage of the BOGO breakfast coupon from the lobby. The prices were high, but if you're buying just 2 dishes, then the free one makes up for the overpriced first dish. But be ready, everything in San Fran is expensive, so this is not a bad deal at all. Also, check the times on the coupon before you go. I think Sundays had a time restriction.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>3357
<Content>Sleep tight...but be careful in room 28 We are frequent travelers who look for the best value for the money- the Marina Motel seemed to fit all of our requirements- reasonable price, good location, parking included, kitchenette, free wi-fi. With three people in the party we tried to book a room with two double beds, but they were already booked, so we had a double with a rollaway cot- ROOM 28. It was a very small room, but adequate and on the inner courtyard to reduce the noise from Lombard Street. The location is around the corner from Chestnut Street which has good restaurants, a market for groceries, and a stop for the bus to go downtown. All in all we liked it except:After a couple of days, we discovered some strange bugs on the walls and bed-we did an internet search and also took a couple of them to Heidi, the manager, who confirmed that they were indeed bedbugs. She was very proactive and called Terminex immediately, but they could not come until the next day- in the interim the staff vacuumed and cleaned the room thoroughly. Being a summer weekend in San Francisco, with most hotels filled, we did not have many options other than giving them a chance to try to eliminate the problem. However, when we returned to the room after Terminex had been there and steam cleaned, there were still bugs in the room, and the rollaway was too wet to sleep on, either from the steam cleaning or something being spilled on it. The night clerk was less than helpful, seemed to be a surfer dude/space cadet- he did not want to contact Heidi and told us we could bite the bullet and stay, or find another hotel ( not easy at midnite on Saturday). He did make a few calls to hotels, then said he couldn't help us anymore because he had paperwork to do. When he was finally convinced to call Heidi, she was of course very upset that we still had a problem.  We were able to make reservations elsewhere for the remainder of our stay, but one of our party came home covered with terrible bites, requiring a day off from work for a doctor's visit and steroid prescriptions to alleviate the inflamation and itching. Overall, there were a lot of things to recommend this motel, but under the circumstances it was a disastrous stay, and knowing what we do now, we would have moved out immediately upon finding the first evidence of bedbugs.  We know that this can happen at any hotel and we thought Heidi was very friendly, responsive, concerned and cooperative, but we heard from one desk clerk that this had been a problem in this room before- if that is true, they need to be more agressive in their monitoring of the rooms. Also, a certain desk clerk needs to be a little less laid back and more customer friendly.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	3	

<Author>AlexanderCB
<Content>Unique Personality You can see what we mean by unique personality from the photographs on the Marina Motel website, www.marinamotel.com. The Marina Motel is an excellent value in a good location for anyone who enjoys walking in San Francisco neighborhoods, such as the Marina, and along the edge of San Francisco Bay, which is just a few blocks north of the motel. There are many good restaurants, coffee shops, and other neighborhood commercial establishments nearby, especially along Chestnut Street behind the motel. Although the rooms are small by today's standards, keep in mind that the Marina Motel is a motel of the late 1930s in style and layout, which owners have taken care to respect while modernizing in other ways for visitor convenience and comfort. Although not within walking distance to SF downtown (Union Square area), it's easy to get there by public transportation or driving your own car. Likewise any other SF neighborhood of interest. Wherever you want to go, you can count on the people at the front desk to help you find your way. We look forward to our next visit.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>coastiephoto
<Content>Great Place What a great find, we had a nice room off to the side of the flower filled courtyard. They do a really nice job of keeping the place clean and comfortable.There are no frills in this charming place but they like dogs and the price is great, the location is also excellent and very safe.You can walk to the Presidio in about 5 mins and there is a small dog park just through the entrance. I would stay here again , choose a room thats not facing Lombard as I imagine they would be quite noisy.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>avodoc
<Content>A Great Bargain for San Francisco I have stayed at the Marina Motel many times. For one thing, parking is free in individual covered spaces. That's no small deal because a typical hotel will charge $20 - $30 per night for parking in San Francisco. If you are looking for a Holiday-Inn-style place this is probably not your motel. This is a 1930's vintage motel and that's part of its charm. All the bathrooms have been modernized, and the staff keeps the place very clean. If you can get one of the rooms with a kitchen, it will really help you keep your expenses down by eating a few meals in your room. There are a bunch of great restaurants at various price levels within walking distance of the motel. The staff at the motel are really friendly and extremely helpful. One caveat, I always request a room that is away from Lombard street because it is a heavily travelled street with a lot of noise.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>thecloser
<Content>Good value for your money This was the 4th time in about 6 years that I have stayed here. It is a room to sleep. It can be a place to call home for a few days if you wish to have the room with kitchen. They would then set you up with all cleaning items and utensils that you would have at home. I think it is a great place to stay. It is not the Hilton or the Fairmont, but then the price is not as well. It is so convenient for the Chestnut St. shops and restaurants and just a couple of blocks to all that Union St. has to offer. I know some other person had complaint with staff, but I have never found them to be less than helpful. I can't say enough about how pleasant my stays have been here.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>cleo_lucky
<Content>Great value, great area in San Francisco I was a little skeptical about booking this motel after reading some of the reviews, but I'm very happy I chose this motel. My husband and I stayed here for two nights with our two small dogs. Although the room was small, it was clean and had an large dresser and plenty of closet space. The BEST thing about this hotel is the location. It's just a few blocks away from the Marina which me and my husband love, especially with our dogs (there are walking/running paths, a dog beach and spectacular views of the Golden Gate Bridge). The motel was also a block away from great restaurants and shops on Chesnut street where we could eat outside with our dogs. The free parking is also a major plus. I recommend this hotel if you don't want to spend a lot on a hotel, but want a great San Francsico experience.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>taxman121
<Content>Dirty, Unsafe, Unacceptable, Rude, Terrible, and Down right Bad       Room  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>DJFuzzyK
<Content>Hidden Gem in San Francisco A beautiful room in the heart of San Francisco for $95 dollars a night?!? I couldn't believe it! The Marina Motel is truly a hidden gem in San Francisco. Built in 1939, it has retained all its original architecture and charm with the addition of modern amenities. Each room on the property comes with free garage parking in the flower-filled courtyard. Many rooms include small kitchens and all rooms have microwaves, coffee makers and mini-fridges. We stayed a night in July and had an exceptional experience. Booking the room over the phone was quick and easy and check-in took no time at all. The staff was friendly and helpful and even provided us with 2-for-1 breakfast coupons for a local diner. The room was clean and crisp with windows that opened to the courtyard allowing us to enjoy the cool breezes blowing off the bay. Located on Lombard Street, it was a quick walk to dinner in Fisherman's Wharf and close to coffee shops, pubs and other attractions. A small, quiet property offering serenity in the heart of a busy city, this is one to try for a weekend away, especially for those interested in a retro 1930's property.This will be my hotel of choice for future visits to San Francisco  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>sachasenne
<Content>beware !! We are two adults and two children. So we booked a suite with a separate bedroom. The first night we had to sleep with 4 in a narrow room because the owner said they werent avaible. But the second night of our three booked nights we could move. Than we got a room with an old fire, named a kitchen. But we still slept all tohether in an even smaller room. That second night six teenagers took one room at 2 AM next to are room. They had a party there and we decided to search an other motel.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	2	1	4	

<Author>JAXers
<Content>Great place to stay in SF This is one of those places in SF we keep coming back to. It's old, and bit worn, and the rooms tend to be a bit cramped, but it's clean, comfortable, and well-kept. It dates back to the construction of the Golden Gate bridge. There's a lot to like. The location is close to many really good restaurants along Chestnut Street, and it's an easy (and safe) walk down to the bay, where one finds the well-known Greens restaurant with its great view of the Golden Gate. All the rooms are on the 2nd floor, with small parking garages underneath, perfect for a rental car. It's on Lombard Street, with regular bus service, and is surprisingly easy to get in and out of. A 24 hour Walgreens is in the same block. The rooms vary, but each of the rooms we've stayed in have had a beautifully tiled shower stall, refrigerator, and closet,. The facility is arranged in a large square with an inner courtyard that includes a building with additional rooms and is ringed with a spectacular array of flowering plants. The Marina is not a 5-star accommodation, lacking things like a lounge and similar amenities, but on the other hand, the value can't be argued with and its other advantages put it up there with far more expensive places. Besides, in SF, you want to be out and about, not hanging around in your accommodations. We regularly visit the city and in the Winter typically stay in tonier places near Union Square, but this is where we stay when in town during the warmer months when we want to be nearer the water.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>SandersWI
<Content>A great experience       Courtyard view from entrance  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Crescentan
<Content>Great family stay The Marina Motel is located near the western end of Lombard St., just around the corner from the busy shops and restaurants of Chestnut Street in S.F. The facility was built as a motor inn in 1939 with garages at ground level and the rooms over them in a Mediterranean style, which is now attractively draped in colorful climbing bougainvillea. The Marina is a charming place to stay and has a great atmosphere. It is somewhat funky and a bit frayed around the edges. The motel was last redecorated in the '80's and the age of the re-do is definitely beginning to show. The rooms, however, unlike so many S.F. hotels, are of good size and many have windows on two sides. There is no a/c. Many rooms, the ones really worth having, have kitchenettes. Lombard St. is really noisy, so the best rooms are those on the north side of the facility, well away from it. We stayed in two rooms on the west side of the motel, well in from Lombard, but still fairly noisy. Bus lines into Union Square are conveniently nearby on Chestnut St. There are a nice array of very good neighborhood spots on Chestnut in which to eat.Altogether we very much enjoyed our stay at the Marina.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>dancerrus
<Content>Well located boutique hotel This hotel was recommended by another boutique motel that was full for the nights we wanted to stay. They recommended Marina Motel because of its safe location -- I was originally looking to stay around Union Square. I was SO glad to have listened and stayed outside the busiest area of SF -- this hotel provided breathing space, but was very well connected to the city. The bus line is just a block away and runs all hours - the most we ever waited was 5 minutes, both by the hotel and in the city, for a bus...and it also runs to all of the great sights in SF. The hotel was well accomodating and the staff very friendly. Would recommend to anyone looking for a no-frills, conveniently located boutique hotel in SF.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>WarriorforChrist
<Content>Not Picture Perfect LOL I booked this on line and it was a surprise. Had to fight the birds for a garage, and bathroom was just a hall way. Mirror was on the left side of the sink and you had to stand between the toilet and the wall to see in it. There was steam heat and I froze until the middle of the night then it got really warm. Hard to control! Left the next morning and found a much nicer place two blocks down that was less expensive and welcomed my pet with no additional charge. Marina allows pets but made me sign a paper saying if I left them alone in the room they could call a pet sitter and charge me. Pictures can be deceiving!!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	2	3	1	

<Author>Genevax
<Content>Charming, Quaint, Off the Beaten Path       Looking from the courtyard towards Lombard St.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>BRMORGAN
<Content>Interesting Hotel The hotel is in a very busy area of San Francisco and the directions from the hotel website were not correct. The hotel was quaint and had a cute atmosphere but the rooms were quiet small and you can hear everything your neighbors say or do. The area is convenient to buses and taxis to travel to the tourist areas. They allowed our 2 animals to stay in our rooms and the units have a small garage beneath them for your vehicle. There is no air conditioner and we left the windows open at night for air circulation which was not a great thing to do. You can hear everything from your hotel room.A positive aspect of our trip was the night manager who was of a great help in assisting us with our directions out of town and any questions we had.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>wup
<Content>Economic and Practical Choice       Outside from the courtyard  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	2	3	4	5	

<Author>XZERA
<Content>Perfect for us! My husband and I own a small motel of our own so we like to stay at those that remind us of ours. The staff was friendly, the rooms were small but very clean. Each room has its own garage, though we did not drive. It is conveniently located in the marina district and the buses run right in front of the motel. There are great restaurants nearby, Judys Cafe was our fave! All of the sights are not in walking distance, but the public transporation is nearby. The Exploratorium is few blocks away and sells a CityPass for transportation. The Golden Gate Bridge is almost in eyeshot of the motel. The wharf area is also very close. We did a lot of walking and felt like we were locals. The motel is right near homes so you are not surrounded by other tourists. I would recommend anyone to stay here. They allow pets in some rooms. We did not see any fleas or anything of that nature so DO NOT let this sway you towards another hotel. I stayed in the financial district at the Plaza my first time for business. I liked the area of the Marina Motel much better! You really do feel like you live there!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>reisetante
<Content>Lovely stay We stayed for 10 days at the Marina Motel. Our second visit. After three days we moved to a bigger unit. The rooms are small but cozy, the apartment with bed room is really nice. I love that there are little kitchens, which makes traveling with our dog easier. The staff including house keeping is very friendly and helpfull.I just love the neighborhood, shopping and Presidio close by. The rooms could be a little cleaner, but it is acceptable. This is definitively our place to stay while we are in San Francisco. The courtyard is really charming.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	5	2	4	4	3	

<Author>onemorechance
<Content>Interesting place I wasn't sure how to classify this place. I also was undecided whether to give it an average rating or above average. I guess it depends what you compare it to. I gave it an above average rating because it felt comfortable. I know some of the botique hotels in SF are a bit nicer with nicer touches but this place is a little different.We booked two rooms at the Marina Courtyard Motel. One was $132 for two doubles and the other was $125 for a queen. From the street side on Lombard Street it would be easy to drive by and miss it. But once you turn inside the small driveway you feel like you are in a different setting. Beautiful hanging flowers surround the place giving it an almost surreal setting. You can hear the traffic on Lombard. We have an inside room and whether you have the windows open or shut there is a good chance you will hear the traffic. The rooms are clean and the staff friendly. THe bathroom was clean. Furniture was adequate. Being above ground level you can open all the windows in the room for fresh air. The area is safe and I was able to take a run down to the marina. Anywhere behind the hotel takes you towards the marina. The location is just minutes from the Golden Gate Bridge and the Presidio. Chestnut street is a block over and hosts neat shops and dining establishments. We ate breakfast at Ella's serving the best pancakes around. We also went to a pizza place called Little Star on Divisadero which serves some of the best pizza anywhere. Both places are frequented by the locals. Both places require you to drive.Overall, if you want a true hotel then this might not be the place for you. But if you want something a little different then I would recommend you try this place. I took my family here and would do it again.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>arghymcargh
<Content>Teensy room, but lovely courtyard, free parking, and great neighborhood I stayed in room 19, which was tucked toward the back of the grounds and was set back from Lombard; was very very quiet. Also quite clean and felt fairly private. The view was of a wall; but I didn't really care.The courtyard is lovely, with many interesting plants.The motel is in a great neighborhood. I wandered the streets of the Marina/Cow Hollow neighborhood, admiring the architecture and making it down to the water for a lovely view of Golden Gate bridge. Many restaurants and great shopping are within close proximity. Best of all, even though it's tight, parking is included.I'd definitely recommend this lodging for the traveler on a budget who's looking for an active vacation in the middle of a bustling city.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisy I must agree with the previous poster...perhaps we were there the same weekend - we also had a very negative experience with the noise levels. Upon arriving at the Marina Motel, we were thrilled. It is a cute little place, with a charming courtyard that reminded my husband of places he's visited in the Mediterranean. We checked in, and although the rooms were small and old (old furniture and tv), they were clean and suitable. After reading previous trip advisor suggestions, we requested a room facing the courtyard instead of the street (noisy) and received one. However, I think I would have preferred to hear street traffic all night compared to what we did hear. I'm not sure whether our neighbors were drunk or what, but they walked up and down the stairs all night, slammed their hotel door constantly, and kept starting their car and revving the engine. After about a half-hour of non-stop noise, I decided to call the front desk and complain, only to realize that it was after midnight and the office was closed. So, we had to put up with the noise all night, and couldn't fall asleep for about 2 hours. It was pretty miserable.On the plus side, this hotel is in a great location. It's quite a bargain for the price. Just take a walk around the block and you're on a street with many great restaurants, shopping, a cute movie theater, and cafes (where I had the best white chocolate mocha I've ever had - forget Starbucks!)  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JeanSaintLouisMO
<Content>Good Value in the Marina District We chose the Marina Motel in the Marina District as home base for our first trip to SF. Great location, friendly staff, quirky/charming surroundings, clean rooms, and a good value. From the motel, it's an easy walk to the bay, past lovely art deco styled Marina District homes. From the bay, walk to the right for Ghirardelli Square and Fisherman's wharf and cablecars to downtown; walk to the left for the beach and the Exploratorium and the Golden Gate Bridge. The motel is just one block from Chestnut Street restaurants, bakeries, shops and an old-fashioned movie theatre...very much a neighborhood feel (vs. the touristy Wharf area or the frantic downtown area). You can use the money you save by staying at the Marina to finance some special dinners or a little shopping !  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed This hotel has such great reviews that I was sure it was going to be fantastic. To my disappointment, it was average at best. I made reservations months in advance for a room with a kitchen for my husband and I and our 2 dogs. When I called to confirm, they told me there were no rooms with kitchens available. OK... so we had a smaller room. The parking IS free, but the cars are so crammed in that it's next to impossible to get in and out. But my biggest complaint is the NOISE! There were noisy cars in the courtyard, paper thin walls, and a noisy staircases with people going up and down all night. Needless to say, none of us got much sleep. It is difficult to find a hotel that accepts pets, and they were very accommodating. But I just don't think this hotel deserves the raves that others' have given it.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>babarage
<Content>great place We just stayed at the Marina Motel for 4 nights and had an exellent time. We were in rooms 20 and 21 which share a bathroom so it is great for a family or 2 couples. The rooms are a bit small but nicely decorated. Our rooms were in the back corner of the courtyard so they were very quiet. There is enough parking for everybody, it is a tight squeeze at times but really you just want to park once and use the bus when going into town. There is a busstop on Lombard not even a block away but forget about that one, walk one block down to Chestnut and take the number 30 bus into town. It will just about get you anywhere. We did get the coupon for the 2 for 1 breakfast but decided that Judy's was a bit expensive especially when across the street from the hotel (on Divisadero/Lombard) you can have breakfast for about 4 dollars. They aren't very fast but the food was good. There are plenty of restaurants in the area as well so when you don't want to eat in town you can always get something near the hotel. All in all it was a perfect city hotel. You can get to the sightseeing points quickly and easily and there are enough amenities near the hotel (a 24 hr wallgreens for example) as well.  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a cute place! My husband, myself and our two small dogs just returned from an overnight stay in San Francisco. Our main reason to visit was to try out the Marina Motel, we saw their ad on a dog friendly website. It was such a nice place. The staff was pleasant and friendly, the room, although a bit smaller than the newer motels nowadays, was very nice and cozy. It had a new microwave, refrigerator, coffe maker. ample closet with and iron and board supplies. The bathroom was very clean with all the little freebies that the big swanky hotels have. The grounds were kept very nice, it had a courtyard the dogs enjoyed sniffing and spending time in. It is just a few blocks away from the Marina area and Palace of Fine Arts which made a great morning walk. The only negative thing I could say would be, the walls were a bit thin, we could here our neighbors getting up and getting ready and we were not right on the street but close to it, so we heard that a bit too.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coastaltraveller
<Content>clean and very comfortable A delightful, homey motel with free parking, in a great part of town (great restaurants within walking distance). Genuinely friendly service. This was our first stay at this motel and we'll return. Great value!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RainingAgain7
<Content>Charming and Friendly We felt like we were staying in a small European Inn with a quiet back courtyard and beautiful wall murals decorating the outside of the Spanish style buildings. Although we were just around the corner from some great people watching at the numerous sidewalk cafes, restaurants and cute little boutiques on Chestnut Street, we were also only five minutes away from Fishermans Wharf. Each room comes with a garage so we took the advice of the front desk person and hopped on the bus for $1.25 to Chinatown, Fisherman's Wharf and Union Square. The people at the front desk were very helpful and recommended really good local places to eat and the owners golden retriever, Calvin, makes the place feel more like home. The rooms were on the small side but all the flowers in the courtyard made up for it. We were told that the original owner's grandaughters run the place now but he built the motel in the late 1930's for the opening of the Golden Gate Bridge (2 min away by car). The motel was in a really good neighborhood and we walked on the beach to the Golden Gate Bridge and another day to Fisherman's Wharf and took the bus back. Next time we return we want to get a room with a kitchen and we might even bring our dog since a few of the rooms are pet-friendly.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>scice
<Content>Price was right! Stayed here for two days in early september. Room was small, but for the price, the value was unbeatable (for san francisco atleast). Free parking was a huge plus. There is no AC, but in SF you rarely need it. Request an inner room, due to noise on street. Very close to bus to Wharf area.Would stay again.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Snorkling_man
<Content>Very nice We got a room with a kitchen. Not recent but very nice. Stayed there 4 days.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>davivid
<Content>If you're driving to (or renting a car in) San Francisco... I travel to SF often , and I always stay in a different place and then put my review on this useful website when i return.My most recent stay--at The Marina Courtyard Motel--was excellent. I discovered the place here, but booked my room directly through their website.I paid 89 dollars a night. The motel is located on Lombard Street in the Marina district---this is the long wide busy street full of hotels and motels that leads to and from the Golden Gate Bridge. In fact, the Marina motel was built to celebrate the opening of the bridge, and it does have a unique early 20th century charm, with its Spanish details and courtyard filled with flowers. Ask for a room facing into the courtyard, so you won't be bothered as much by Lombard traffic, though the Marina is at the quieter end of Lombard, close to the park and bridge entrance. The motel is literally two blocks from the entrance to the famous Presido. I jogged every morning there and the big shady forested paths were idyllic. The motel gave us a 2 for 1 breakfast voucher for a really good and popular joint on Chestnut street: an upscale, bustling shopping area right around the corner from the motel.We had an extra car since my friend met me there, and they let us have 2 private enclosed garages for our vehicles for no charge. Try finding that ANYWHERE else in SF. If you drive to SF, this is the deal. The rooms were small but not tiny, and were clean and cozy with nice windows that open into the courtyard. The only thing I will complain about is a personal pet peeve: the use of flourescent light bulbs, which you find here and almost everywhere; they give everything a sickening glow. SO, walk 50 feet from the hotel to the convenient 24 hour Walgreen's Drugstore and spend a dollar or two for your own incandescent bulbs to screw into the lamps and you'll be set (unless u like looking sickly). This is a great find. The staff were super helpful, friendly and accomodating. I will stay here everytime i drive to SF. Note: not all rooms have bathtubs, so ask.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful choice We come to SF each summer for camp at the Exploratorium and are always looking for a homey place close by. The Marina Courtyard Motel fits this to a T. The small, but comfortable, rooms are loaded with personality. The kitchens include gas stove, fridge, oven and dishware. Within a few minutes walk is Chestnut Street in the middle of the Cow Hollow district, where you will find everything from groceries to health clubs and enough lovely restaurants to eat from a different ethnicity each day for weeks. The hotel proprietors are super: responsive, polite and enthusiastic. Several of the rooms seem to be in their original 1939 condition, whereas others have been updated. This is reflected in modest price differences.Suggestion: Ask for a room off of Lombard Street protected by the courtyard. Lombard is very noisy, causing us to vacate, for example, the Inn at the Presidio nearby.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic !!!! European style I stayed there with my sister, it was great, clean and affordable. European style (Only desing) you have free parking, no traffic, I reccomend this 100%  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>fantastic This was one of the best hotels that I have ever been in. First, we stayed in an apartment room near the garden, and we had our own kitchen and dining room, so we could have breakfast in the room. The staff is charming, and Oli, the owner is wonderful. The great part is if you just don't want to sightsee out of the Marina one day, the Science Center and Crissy Field are just a walk away. Behind the hotel is Chesnut Street, which has a variety of shops and cafes. On Lombard St itself, there are is a wide collection of restaurants, each with a diffrent type of cusine(we ate a diffrent type of food every night). The hotel has a bus stop nearby, so if you don't want to use a car there is plenty of public transportation. Definitely pick the Marina Courtyard motel for your next stay, your won't regret it.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

