<Author>Ferfs
<Content>Very nice hotel! A very western hotel. The accommodations are really confortable, clean. The breakfast is huge. You have east and western options. They have a very good massage service. The location is also great.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>3174
<Content>Exceeded Expectations I was skeptical when our travel agent booked us at this hotel. This property is affiliated with the U.S. chain notorious for slapping their name on old Holiday Inns. This property also operated under another name in the past. I was, however, pleasantly surprised to see that the original quality of this hotel seems to have been maintained. I'm not a wordsmith, so I'll simply list what I liked and didn't like.Liked:*good neighborhood; walking distance to McDonald's, two shopping centers, Starbucks and large grocery store*clean except for carpets (all other hotels we stayed at in China had grungy carpets - walking down the sidewalks will give you a clue as to why this is)*nice breakfast spread*tight security*efficient money exchange counter*reasonable rates in business center*room was adequate size*staff helpful when we tried to order pizza and experienced language barrierDisliked:*service for supper in first floor restaurant was slow - they forgot my husband's meal*HARDEST BEDS ON EARTH. They seem to have eliminated the mattress on the beds and have decided their guests should sleep on the boxspring - sleeping on the floor would be more comfortable.*room was on the warm side, but staff provided us with quiet, efficient commercial fan*need converters and adaptors if you want to plug something inSummary:Not a five star hotel, but if you can stand hard beds, this is a pleasant place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	3	4	5	

<Author>Brian5900
<Content>Definitely not a 5 star hotel Stayed here for 3 days as part of a tour group. Lobby is nice but room is quite small. The room has a safe and internet is free. Breakfast is average. As other reviewers have pointed out, the hotel is located in a business district and thus is far away from most activities. A starbuck is located 1/2 block a way and there are a few restaurants nearby. The main problem we had, however, was hotel service. We had a room with problematic toilet and kept flushing every 10 minutes with a high pitch noise. We just couldn't sleep the first night. After complaining to the housekeeping staff, someone did come immediately and tried to fix it for 1/2 hour. He identified the problem (defective toilet rubber flapper) but left without replacing it and never came back. We couldn't get another non-smoking room and ended up having to manually adjust the flapper every time we flushed so that we could sleep. I wouldn't stay here again if I have a choice.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	4	2	4	

<Author>hotelcomments
<Content>Great stay. We just returned from China and spent two additional nights at the Days Hotel before our tour. We were upgraded on our arrival and enjoyed a large room with an oversized king bed, chesterfield, chair and table. The room we occupied for the tour was a little smaller without the chesterfield but again with a huge kingsized bed much bigger than what we have in Canada. The bed was a little hard but that is the way there are in China. Both rooms were nicely decorated and had housecoats and slippers as well as a bathroom scale. The carpets were a little dirty but slippers were provided. Other than that the room was very clean. There was an exercise room, ping-pong table, golfing range and pool on the 3rd floor. The breakfasts were western and Chinese buffet style. Food was the same every day but you could pay and order from the menu however this service was not fast. The staff were friendly and though they did not speak English very well, they did try. The reception staff were very helpful and efficient. Chinese people do not smile very often but they are very polite and take their work very seriously. . The location was great, lots of places to walk to in the area. Taxi cabs are very cheap. We would certainly recommend this hotel to any worldly travellers.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	3	5	

<Author>KiteWalker
<Content>Do not expect a 5 star hotel. We have just returned from a 4 night stay in this hotel. On entering one is immeadiatley impressed with the lobby which is large and full of marble. The bedroom which we had was a superb room with a large bathroom. The beds are hard - but you get used to them very quickly. The problems with this hotel start when you step into the restaurant. The first thing you notice is that very few of the restaurant staff speak or understand even basic English - expect to resort to sign language as the communication medium. The next thing we noticed is that you very rarely get a friendly face or a smile from the restuarant staff - I would also by the way include the front desk staff in this comment who seem to make a virtue out of being sullen, often bordering on rude. Never expect an apology from any of the staff for mistakes or poor service. Breakfast is a buffet event and food quality - for western tastes - was in my view mediocre at best. We were part of a large group and most mornings the restaurant was very busy. Despite the activity levels there was just one person making omlettes and it didn't make one jot of diference to the staff that people had to quque forever to get an omlette. Also to get coffee/tea we usually had go looking for the manager who never once apologsed for the poor service. We had dinner there twice. If the restaurant is even half full expect very slow service and, if it's full, you can expect total chaos and confusion in terms of service. As another post noted we also saw bills being mixed up on a number of occaisions. Food quality for dinner is reasonable but is nowhere near a 5 star rating - for example while the wine list was good, only two or three wines are actually in stock and the restaurant actually ran out of wine and beer on one night !!! The one comment most of our group made was that this hotel was going to have to seriously up its service and food standars to cope with the onsluaght of guests arriving for the Olympics.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	2	5	1	1	2	

<Author>PatKAustralia
<Content>Very comfortable, spacious and courteous Hotel was part of a tour. Found it to be quite comfortable although throughout China the beds are unbelievably hard. Large room with good facilities. The staff were eager to practice their English. Next door is the Antique and Curio market. Only found this on the day we were leaving. Had we know about it earlier would have done some serious damage in the financial department. Pearls, Corals and Jade jewellery at very reasonable prices. Keep in mind Buyer beware when shopping anywhere in China. Silk Street was 20yuan taxi ride from the Hotel. Be sure to buy a trolley bag to bring home all your purchases.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Colin3160
<Content>Not a 5 star hotel or anywhere near it This hotel is certainly not 5 star standard. The rooms are very ordinary with very tired furniture and appointments. The staff are not able to speak English and the food is terrible. I would avoid staying here if at all possible.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scotttt
<Content>OK hotel, shame about the service My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in September 2007 as part of a group tour. This hotel was called 'Chang An Grand Hotel in our tour itinerary.The staff at reception were friendly enough, but not very helpful. We were given a room with 2 single beds instead of 1 double bed (this was a common problem for us in China) and the reception staff made no real effort to help. We had other similar minor experiences as did some of our fellow tour members. Some of the concierge staff were helpful, it depended on the person.Our room was modern and clean. The beds were like concrete, but that was the same in most other hotels in China. The bathroom had a filtered drinking water tap (we weren't brave enough to drink it, we just used it to brush our teeth)The gym looked to be well maintained and well equipped. We were told we had to buy an over-priced swimming cap to use the pool, apparently this is a new rule in Beijing and some other Chinese citiesThe breakfast buffet was ok but we had better variety in other hotels.There is a supermarket (hypermarket) around the corner with cheap water, drinks, snacks, etc. It is worth stocking up there. To get there, turn right out of the hotel's front entrance and then take the first street on the right. Walk down and it is the large yellow building on the left.There didn't seem to be many tourist attractions around the hotel area. This didn't bother us as we were on a tour. There is a bazaar nearby, but we didn't go. You can easily catch a taxi to the Silk Market and Wangfujing.Some fellow travellers liked the seafood restaurant next door, although it sounded pricey by Beijing standards. We were also told that the hotel massages were very good, but also pricey.As for Beijing in general, we were impressed. It is an advanced, modern city with a lot of culture and history. Pollution is quite bad as expected but bearable. Surprisingly the city is very green with a lot of healthy looking parks and trees. We caught the subway around the city, and it was ok although very crowded during peak hour. Hang on to your bags and valuables and be prepared to barge your way in/out or you will be left behind!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>GALILLEO
<Content>poor service We stayed at this hotel for about one week and although we were brought to other hotels by our designated guide for meals.This turned out to our advantage, as this hotel could not cater for groups, If you consider eleven people as a large group, Well the service was pretty terrible at the best of times.The staff seem to have no training in this department at all.The staff were very helpful at all times. but were lacking the basic training. Paying for meals was at times very embarraasing with staff getting bills mixed up with other guests in the group, although we had ordered seperately. Its hard to believe they are preparing for the olympics next year. The staff were able to manage to cater for one to two people at a time. I dont think any of our group were happy with the service.I don't think I'm been to harsh here as eleven people should not be a problem to any five star hotel well in Europe that is. The carpet in our hotel room seemed to have never been cleened it was rather dirty. We were rather surprised that this hotel had a 5 star rating  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wyman_Ink
<Content>Clean but a very hard bed! This property, situated in an older part of Beijing had a lovely lobby and a nicely appointed breakfast. bar The rooms were medium sized, clean and featured complementary water bottles ( which we drank without incident) and slippers.Other guest amenities included an in-hotel gym, a pool and a bar. However a virtual golf driving range was out of commission and if it had been working, there would have been a fee even for guests.Drawbacks included it's location, outside of the city center and right across from a large highrise that was being torn down (not surprising...it seemed most of China was being reconstructed right in front of our eyes). Additionally, the bed was right on the verge of unacceptable. It's as if they forgot to include the mattress and expected us to make do with just the box springs. It made sleeping an interesting proposition.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>buttery
<Content>4-star room, 2-star location The Days Hotel is a good business-type hotel. Though not luxurious, the rooms are quite spacious and clean, there is a separate faucet in each room supplying filtered water for drinking, and there are gym and internet facilities readily available. In addition, the hotel is reasonably priced for its class, since it is located by the Third Ring Road, to the southeast of central Beijing. If you have a reason to be in this area, or if you are in Beijing to spend time at the weekend Panjiayuan antiques/flea market, then this is a great choice for you. But if you have business in another part of the city or want to spend most of your time sightseeing in central Beijing, think twice. Yes, taxis are very cheap by Western standards, but the traffic in Beijing is very bad. The problem should be alleviated somewhat when the city builds much-needed new subway lines, one of which will serve the southeastern sections of the city, but for now, traffic is bumper-to-bumper much of the day and early evening, and even getting to the nearest subway station at Guomao could take half an hour. Is that really how you want to spend your time in Beijing?Finally, we experienced a few of the service-type issues mentioned in previous posts -- on arrival there was no toilet paper in the bathroom, another afternoon there were no bath towels (this discovered while showering), and at one point the elevator was out of service for around 12 hours, and this in a building with 25 floors.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vinn_2k
<Content>Great Hotel, Great experience, Great Value Before paying for my package, I went through this site, and reading most of the reviews, I was in two minds whether to stay here or not. It was only when I stayed at this hotel did I realise that most of the reviews were over rated and exaggerated to a great extent. I loved the place and would heartily recommend it to anyone who intends staying here.... Here is something you should note:1) It took me just 5 minutes to register and reach my room. Staff speak good english, efficient, courteous, and there is even an atm machine in the lobby.2) breakfast was extremely wonderful - wot a large spread and the staff were always smiling and filling cups of coffee or tea3) Room service was excellent, quick, portions good and very reasonably priced. The wanton soup was enough for 3 !4) Location is not too bad and taxis are inexpensive. The concierge were very helpful in finding a taxi and explaining to the driver where to go to. Keep a card of the hotel in chinese handy !5)rooms - yes the mattress was hard, but after a day, u get used to it. Spacious, clean, comfortable and the bathrooms where spacious and comes with a lot of goodies. Theres a tea a coffee maker facility and you get CNN and HBO on the TV.6) Its situated on a main road and not on a seedy road as on person had written. Come out of the hotel, turn right, and right again and walk straight and you will find the the Jian Hypermarket there. You get everything here and very reasonable. Visit the first floor for some good bargains on clothes, cutlery, crockery, etc...I cant understand why some many people cribbed about the place and I cant understand, for the price they pay to stay here, what kind or service they expect....but take it from me, you will love this place.....and dont pay much heed to the crap many have written. They are probably some people who expect the world for what little they pay....I loved beijing....visit the antique city next door if you wanna shop for antiques and pearls, and bargain. My best shopping was done in Silk Street, a large 5 floor shopping centre. If you wanna buy a shirt, they start at 600 yuan, but dont pay more than 40 or 50. Great value if you can bargain !!!!!!!Enjoy your visit to Beijing and to the Days Inn !  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Lorraine777
<Content>Not good enough for an emperor, but not bad at all A three-night stay at the hotel was included in our multi-city China tour package. The location is not in the midst of everything, but is only a $3 taxi trip to People's Square. The room was large and well-furnished, but the air conditioning did not work well. The bathroom was very nice. The breakfast buffet was wonderful, and featured Chinese and Western breakfast items, including vegetable buns, fried rice, sauteed vegetables, hot soybean milk, eggs, sausages, fresh fruit, and omelette and congee stations. However, the hotel had a few problems and was overstaffed with individuals who didn't seem to know what they were doing. Do not touch the small porcelain covered vase on the bathroom sinktop. I tried to open it, then broke it accidentally -- it cost me 10 RMB. There was no laundry bag in the room, so I asked the concierge for one and a laundry slip. They gave me a bag but no slip. Following the directions in the hotel guide, I left the bag in the room for collection by housekeeping staff in the morning. When I returned in the evening, I was surprisedto see that the laundry was not collected.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>tdu888
<Content>Bad experience This hotel is terrible. My friend booked this hotel for me for the night of March 13,2007. However, when I reached the hotel that night around 11:40pm due to delayed flight, I was told my room reservation was cancelled. They did not arrange me to another room or hotel. This is a terrible experience happened to me. I will never live in this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>ablinder
<Content>Room Excellent, with Poor Service I thoroughly enjoyed days 1 - 3 of my stay at the Days Hotel in Beijing. The rooms were clean and well-furnished and I was very pleased. And then I got the bill.On my first night in Beijing, I summoned assistance to help with an internet connection and both a technical employee and an assistant manager were sent to help. While the assistant manager was there, I asked her for a tutorial on how to use my prepaid calling card. She provided the wrong instructions and hence, when the bill arrived, I had a bill for a few thousand yuan in long distance calls.I went to the front desk, seeking a resolution. The hotel staff flatly admitted that I was not the source of the trouble, but they refused to erase the charges. One employee told me the problem is not your fault, but you are responsible and the charges stand. I went back and forth with nearly half-a-dozen employees, most of whom said the same thing: not my fault, but certainly my bill. The next morning, with assistance from ACIS, the tour company I was traveling with, the hotel finally agreed to erase the charges. This unacceptable service by the Days Hotel severely diminishes my view of the hotel and I would exercise extreme caution in staying there in the future.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	4	5	1	1	4	

<Author>senninha
<Content>Pity.... My family and I stayed at the Days Hotel  Suites Beijing over Chinese New Year from Feb 16 - 20, 2007. The hotel has an impressive lobby and the room size is excellent. The condition of the hotel, being just 3 years old, is mediocre and the rooms look a little worn out. The staff at check-in was not very impressive and, despite having a written confirmation from the hotel (which I fortunately requested prior to leaving home) they claimed that they were unable to give us the inter-connecting rooms. This was obviously unacceptable to me as I was travelling with two small children. After making a scene and presenting their own written confirmation, we finally were given our inter-connecting rooms. Pity to have had this arrival experience.The hotel does a reasonable breakfast buffet, but the service was shockingly bad. I am still laughing about it now, but it certainly wasn't that funny at the time...The location of the hotel is OK and it is easy to get a taxi there which will bring you anywhere you like. Speaking of which...the service of the taxi drivers was a lot better than that received at the hotel!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	2	2	1	2	3	

<Author>Tunces
<Content>Great Hotel and Good Beds Great service, clean rooms, great buffet breakfast, and great price. Yes, the beds are somewhat hard for Westerners, but so what; we came to China to experince these things, not try to change them. ...I slept fine.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly overrated and bad service I stayed in this 5 star Hotel for one week during before festival. I liked the location very much, close to a weekend antique market and not very traffic congestion for Beijing these days. The Hotel is about 3 years old and caters mainly to Western tour groups and Chinese tourists. The rooms are generally spacious and the best is the large beds. I requested a king size bed but 95 percent are twins so, I had to move the next day. Being on the executive floor makes the noise in the night a little bit better since there is construction 24 hours, especially facing the north side. Since I need internet and in my new king size bed room it was broken, I had to move again the next day and they upgraded me to a junior suite. After all the changing I had lost a lot of valuable time and the junoir suite was allmost no diferance to the other room.I would rate the hotel 3+ star since the cleaning and the service are below a 4 star hotel. The Hotel atmosphere is cold and the A+A restaurant on the 25th floor is very average. TV channels are only CNN and HBO in English one Korean and one in Japanese the rest are all in Chinese.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>retiredandtraveling
<Content>Lovely Hotel Spent 6 nights in January 2006. Hotel is very lovely, with all amenities. Staff speaks limited English, but all concierges spoke well enough to satisfy our needs and questions. Excellent breakfast buffet. Beds are typically Chinese - rather hard. Marble baths with lots of goodies. Lots of storage space and room safe. Taxis needed for all sightseeing and shopping, but was only 15 yuan (less than $2) to either Silk or Pearl markets.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>postiecdnmo
<Content>Nice for a Days Inn but a little cold We stayed at this hotel for a week while in Beijing with a group of families there to adopt. This hotel is very nice to Day's Inns standards but the service lacks. This hotel doesn't cater to families and certainly doesn't hide it. We didn't experience any problems concerning eating in the dining room as one reviewer stated but they did not like the fact that there was screaming children during breakfast time not to mention the mess that went along. Also the windows in the rooms open in a way that if a child was to climb up on the window sil they would be able to climb out the window. Very unsafe for any child to be near the window... This hotel was situated at the far end of town and there was really not much near by except a hyper market and some local restaurants.Would I stay there again?? If I didn't have a family with me and was on business...yes.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Days Inn Beijing Okay We have just returned from a week at the Days Inn (formerly Chang'an Grand Hotel Beijing). The hotel is quite nice and rather formal in feeling. The service is pretty good but we were there with our adoption group (14 families adopting babies) and all the families felt that we weren't really 'welcome' if you will. Turns out that some hotels in Beijing are now not welcoming these groups of adoptive parents. For breakfast (included in the price of the room), they tried to shuffle us off to small rooms where the buffet was less than acceptable. Toward the end of the week, we were all refusing to be shunted off and more or less forced our way into the main dining room's buffet. The food in all the restaurants is good but is very expensive in the restaurant on the 26th floor.The hotel is situated in a part of the city that is very far from downtown and is rather a seedy area so walking is not great (nothing to see and what there is to see is not very pleasant). There is a grocery store about 2 blocks away and you can buy just about anything there.Would I stay there again? Not likely but if you have to, it is definitely okay.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cat2tvl
<Content>hotel has changed ownership This hotel is now called Days Hotels and Suites.I found it hard to believe Days Inn has this property now. We arrived and were greeted at the doors by white gloves. Check in was about 2 minutes and our bags arrived up to our room 2 minutes after we opened the door. Breakfast buffet was wonderful and a very large selection of American/Chinese foods. The only negative comment would be on our daily trip with the kids to the Silk Market to bargain. We took a cab 3 days in a row and we knew by the meter it would be 15Yuan.The gentleman who hailed our cab the last day tried to tell us it would be 25Yuan per person. We told him to call another cab since we knew better.As expected the taxi driver turned on the meter and agreed. Wow the meter read 15 again on this ride.The housekeeping staff was great as well as the staff in the resturant for dinner.Beautiful views, on time wake up calls and attentive staff made our first trip to China so unforgetable.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>I really loved this hotel This was a thoroughly enjoyable hotel with very nice, modern rooms, a great restaurant and excellent facilities. While it is true that the beds are extremely hard, I understand this conforms to normal customs of the area and we learned to adapt and experience it. After all the fun exploring Beijing each day (do go to Beijing if you have the chance) we could hardly not sleep! Television was limited but did have CNN International and BBC World in English. I recall having an HBO type channel that showed older movies. In general the hotel gleamed with marble and felt posh and clean. There is a money-exchange window right by the elevators which was most convenient. The exchange rates are very consistent no matter where you change your money. NOTE: You MUST keep your currency exchage receipts if you want to change Chinese money back to US dollars at the airport. They simply will not change it back without these receipts!!The included breakfast buffet was among the best I have ever had with a wide selection of hot and cold Chinese and Western dishes. We dined in the restaurant a few times (for dinner) and found the food to be excellent and in right proportions for a healthy diet. The price was a little higher than elsewhere but the comfort, service and convenience made up for that.Service staff spoke a little English and were eager to show their entire facility including the pool, spa, gym, etc. There was no pressure to purchase the services though and I understand that the services for massage, steam room, cupping, etc were quite reasonable.Do note that this hotel is some distance from the city center and taking a taxi to the center is mandatory. However, taxis are extremely cheap. It costs about US$3.00 for a taxi to the center and the doormen can help you get one. There is a also a small grocery store nearby which is handy for buying bottled water (drink only bottled water on vacation just to be safe) and small snacks. To find it, walk out the front doors and walk to the right down the street. Turn right at the next street and walk a little way until you see the store on the left-hand side. You will see food posters on the building. It is one of their chain stores.This hotel is often part of package holidays and if you find yourself here you will really enjoy it! We did!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hifredChicago
<Content>Eye Candy Without the Comforts of Home This hotel is all eye candy but the rooms offer little in the wayof comfort. The hotel has the appearance of a palace with marble,granite and paintings. However, the bed in our room wasessentially a box spring (seriously). This was brought to theattention of the assistant manager who explained that in Chinaparents and families like hard beds. We have stayed in other hotels in China where the beds were comfortable. There was no give in the bedwhen I sat on it and my whole family as well as friends wetraveled with woke up with body pain and stiffness due to thehard surface. I asked the manager to provide some comforters toput under the sheet to soften the bed but all they wouldprovide were brown wool blankets that were not soft and reallydid not help make the bed more comfortable. Hotel amenities weregood. The bar and lounge provides free internet when you purchasea drink. The hotel has a whirlpool but it is an additional chargeto use it. There is also an additional charge to use the steamroom or the ping pong table. The restaurants in the hotel areover priced compared to other hotels we stayed in while visitingChina. The portions were small. The hotel was renovating and thenoise from work being done was excessive. The workers finish at10:00 p.m. and start very early in the morning. There was astrong smell of an adhesive or acetone that permeated every floor.When I asked for a room change the manager showed me severalother rooms but the smell was present in all of them. I noticedthe emergency exits were propped open on all floors and the smellcame from that area. In the U.S. this probably would haveviolated a health code but in China it didn鈥檛 seem to matter. Sowe would go in our room, put a towel under the door, and open thewindow. The bathroom had an under mount sink and galaxy granitecounters. Overall although it was a good looking hotel it did notconform to Western standards enough to where I would recommend itto visitors.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scilist
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(10956248, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

