<Author>Chilly08
<Content>Thumbs up on the staff! It was the staff at the Aqua Waikiki Beachside Hotel that made my two-night stay a good one! They were very helpful with an inquiry about snorkeling in Hanauma Bay and places to dine. The early check-in was greatly appreciated, too. Great service can really make a difference. Thanks guys!!!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>BornInHawaii
<Content>Greatest Location on the Island!!! I was born on Oahu and know the Islands quite well. When a great deal came available, which included this hotel, we jumped on it! Positive things first: the hotel is in absolutely the best location in Waikiki. It is right on Kalakaua Avenue and looks directly onto the beach and the ocean, with no obstructions. We walked everywhere ... so easy to get anywhere, from the Moana Hotel (just a block or so away), to the local McDonald's on the corner. The staff is quite hospitable and goes out of their way to accommodate requests. We were especially pleased with Argie and Greg. The negative is that the hotel is really 'tired' ... the furniture in the rooms is old and scratched and dented, even though you can see, that at some point, they were lovely black veneer Chinese. The carpets are stained. The elevator is an E ride in Disneyland! We were originally assigned an oceanview room on the third floor, but after one night (and a request from us) we were moved to the sixth floor. You can tell that this hotel was originally a lovely boutique hotel, but needs some TLC (new carpets, furniture, paint) to get it back to where it might have once been. The rooms are small, but that was to be expected, considering the boutique atmosphere.If you are going to Hawaii and expect a 4* atmosphere, this hotel is not for you. If you have a good sense of humor about things and realize that you got a heck of a deal for a grand location and if you are out of the room most of the day and into the night, then go for it.There was nothing like waking up in the morning to the sounds of the birds in the Banyan tree directly across the street waking up, too. And at night, listening to the business of the street below ... and the feeling of the warm Hawaiian breeze ... well, we liked it ... and would do it again.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>BlondeBanker
<Content>Best hotel in Waikiki for the Value! This was my second stay here. I had originally read a review about the staff being friendly and decided to stay here. Its the best hotel for your dollar. Its cheap, conveniently located close to everything. Its got the best price for being right across from the beach. The staff were amazing as always. I would stay here based just on that fact alone. The room attendants are very friendly and courteous. Trust worthy! The front desk staff are over the top. They will do anything for you. Greg helped us out both times that I stayed there and he was amazing. I cant wait to go back and visit. I would highly reccomend this hotel to everyone I meet and would definately go back. If you go ask for greg, he will help you out with anything you need.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Flandrian
<Content>nice but... Nice hotel for the price, great location but buyer beware on the cheaper rooms. Standard Interior Room means no windows! These rooms do have frosted jalousie windows in the door which opens to the hallway (which is tiny and open to the outside so there is a chance of fresh air while sacrificing security and privacy). Moderate Hotel Room comes with a lanai (balcony). Cool! Except the view is a blank concrete wall of the parking garage behind the hotel. Sound echoes off this wall into your room making it quite noisy with the door open until later at night when traffic dies down and the ac units are shut down next door. This is the room we had for three days. 'Partial Ocean View means no lanai/balcony and room on the side of the hotel near the back. Probably the best of the cheap rooms but it sure is nice to have a lanai in Hawaii. The best rooms are on the front of the hotel and have full ocean views and lanais. If you plan to stay more than a few days pop for one of these rooms and enjoy the sunset with a nice drink. I suggest a can of Pass-o-guava with vodka poured in... shake and drink... better than the candy sweet tropical drinks at any of the big hotel bars. Ingredients readily available at ABC stores which are about every 10 feet in this neighborhood.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>adidasgirla
<Content>Excellent for the price       This was taken from the beach, the brown building to the left of the blue signed building is the  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jagunter12
<Content>It's what we expected...and more. Jeff G. Silver Spring, MD.What can I say? It was what we expected and more. The staff was amazing - from tips on food and hiking spots that only locals know, to being very friendly anytime day or night. Trevor at the front desk was the best and helped us beyond what he should have. If you are looking for a 5-star and book this one - you'll be dissapointed. If you don't mind a few cracks on the floor or a stained carpet (since you don't eat off it) this is your place. Central Waikiki, beachside and lots to do in the area. If you like a friendly place to stay and want to save a few bucks - you're at home. We stayed for 6 nights, had not 1 problem the whole time. Breakfast was continental - pastry, fruit, juice and coffee - enough to satisfy your hunger and get out into the fresh air. For our 1 year anniversary - I have to say thanks to the hotel and staff for allowing us to stay and spend our money on the rest of our trip and not the hotel. Sure, the room was small, but we didn't visit Hawaii to stay in the room. The shower was fun and we could see the beach and our TV from the bed. IF you let the little things in life get to you - don't stay here and take away a good thing with your bad review. If you like to take it easy and don't mind a non-perfect hotel - book it and have a great time where you want to. Just want to say thanks again and we'll book there next time we go back.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>brunettebanker
<Content>Great Hotel/amazing staff This is my second stay at this hotel in the last year, and I would stay here again no questions asked and would definately recomment it to family and friends. The staff at this hotel are amazing, I have never met a group of people that are friendlier then them. The room attendants always say hello when they see you in the elevators and the hallways and try to make a point of remember which room you stay in. The staff always greet you in a friendly manner when you walk past and always have a smile on their face. Although the rooms arent that big, when you are on vacation how much time are you really spending in your hotel room anyway. This hotel has the best rates that we could find especially since it is right across the street from the beach. Greg is one of the front desk staff and he has been there both times I have stayed there and he is always willing to drop everything to help you with whatever you need. Honestly if you are not looking for a room that is huge in size or a top of the line 5 star hotel I could not recommend a better hotel. I can't wait to come back to Waikiki and stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>karinkSalzburg
<Content>excellent location stayed one night at the Aqua Beachside.booked a standard room - got a room without a window. very small, but pretty. boutique style ... no window was a let down but it was okay as we only stayed one night. staff was extremly friendly and helpful.free breakfast every morning - only for one hour though.fruits, coffee and pastry.location is awsome. right opposite the beach.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>AACoolK
<Content>Location, Location, Location! I stayed at the Aqua Waikiki Beachside from August 27th - September 1st. I do alot of research on hotels before booking online, and using Tripadvisor, I found the reviews for this particular hotel to be 50/50. Because of the great price I got through Expedia.ca, I decided to take my chances on the Aqua Waikiki Beachside and was not disappointed. First off, you have to keep in mind how many stars a hotel is rated, and what you are paying per night, and that way, your expectations will be realistic. I am a germophobe, so that is my main concern whenever I book a hotel. The Aqua is an older hotel as many in Waikiki are, however, I found it to be relatively clean, and the cleaning staff were very friendly and were helpful in retrieving items I requested such as sewing kits or extra toilet paper. Yes, the decor is outdated and the pink carpets dirty-looking, however, many people in Waikiki walk around barefoot, so I am assuming, after all these years, the hotel carpets must have absorbed dirt and debris from any feet that may have stepped on those carpets, along with normal wear and tear. I bring my own slippers when I travel, so I was not phased by the discolouration. Even if a carpet looks clean, I would never go barefeet on it because looks can be deceiving.When you book a room, be mindful of what type of room you are booking. I booked a 'moderate hotel room' which gave me a partial view of the beach across the street, but for more money, you could get a room with an oceanview, or for less money, an interior room with no windows. That might be a tad claustrophobic for some, so do take note of what you are booking and don't assume anything. If you are clear on the details, you will know what to expect.The room I got was not huge by any means, but was liveable for 2 people, and we did get a queen bed. I read some reviews where people ended up with 2 twin beds instead of a queen or king, but remember, your requests are not guaranteed especially if you have late check-in because like all hotels, rooms are based on availability. The type of room you book, such as an oceanview or partial view, will be guaranteed, since the prices are higher for those, but bed type might not be. Do always call or email the hotel to check or confirm if you have any concerns. Hotel staff are there to help. An added bonus is the small fridge where you can store leftovers or drinks. The hotel is not 5-star by any means, so you have to expect that you will not get 5-star service or amenities like you would at the Hyatt. The free continental breakfast is nothing special but is great if you want a quick bite in the morning and save some money on breakfast. It's free, so people should really stop complaining that it doesn't offer variety. You have about 4-5 kinds of pastries/muffins, 2 types of juice, bananas, oranges, and coffee and tea. i think that's pretty good for free. If you don't like it, then go buy a real breakfast. You always have a choice. The entrance is a little hard to find if it is dark or if you do not know where you are going, so make sure you check for the address and directions before you leave the airport. It's very close to the Hyatt, so if you see that, then you know you are there. The location is super because you are literally across the street from Waikiki Beach and the Police Station. You will be close to many shops, restaurants, International Marketplace, Royal Hawaiian Centre, etc. Kalakaua Avenue, where the hotel is located, is a major tourist hub, so walking along the street at night, you will see buskers/artists do their thing, and it is very safe. Downtown Honolulu and Chinatown are a little sketchy at night, and I would not venture out there in the evening, so if want to explore those places, do so in the morning. There is a free hula show at Waikiki Beach at 6:30PM every night (weather-dependent), and it is right across the street from the hotel. You can also catch the sunset around that time, as it tends to get dark fairly early there (around 7-7:30PM).If you are planning to do a tour of the island, North Shore, Pearl Harbour, etc., I would not buy tickets online beforehand, since when you get to Waikiki, you will notice tons of people on street corners handing out pamphlets for cheap tours. Do your homework and research though, or else you can get ripped off or take a tour that is not to your liking. Make sure you use a tour company that is legit and don't get sucked into those timeshare companies. Know what you want and ask the right questions. If you are to book online beforehand, I would use Discover Hawaii Tours site since I booked a tour with them through Expedia. Going directly to the source itself will save you some money, I realized later. If you go to International Marketplace or Duke's Lane for souvenirs, know that you can barter, and if you start walking away after they give you a price, it always goes lower. In fact, it can go down several times since every cart sells the same stuff, and you can always go to another vendor.If you are taking kids with you, the Honolulu Zoo, along Kalakaua Avenue, is one of the best zoos I've been to! It is not too big but has all of the cool animals that kids like to see (i.e., tigers, chimps, elephants, etc.). Plus, it's only $8 for adults, and $1 for kids under 13 or 14!! Can't get any better than that.Sea Life Park is overpriced for what you see, so I would not go out of my way to visit. The luau there has a fabulous menu though, but all luaus are cheesy and not worth the money. You have to go to one though when in Hawaii, so that one's not bad. Buying tickets through a tour company was $10 cheaper than what is advertised through the Park itself, so look around. Good thing about the Sea Life Park luau was that you get free admission to the park for use within 30 days after. That's how I found out the park really sucked, but at least I didn't pay for it.Anyways, hope all of this is helpful! Have fun in Hawaii!!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>fish5f
<Content>Oh My God....What a disaster Oh my god, what a disapointment. The photos on the internet were so misleading. We had asked for early book in but was told that that was impossible unless we upgrade. After discussing the price and rejecting the idea we were then told $50 cash would see us into a room. I know that this went into the guys pocket, but was desperate to get into the room after travelling from Australia. The upgraded room was smelly, very damp and had single beds, shower full of mould and strings of silicone where leaks had been resealed time after time....Back to the desk new guy on reception wh gave us another room marginally better....The included breakfast was limited and we never did see the promised picnic packs for the breakfast on the beach......I am sure that this hotel was top class in the 1960's but for 2008 it was old, depressing, dirty and the staff were just lining their pockets...wouldnt even class it good enough for back packers......we were supposed to be staying there on the way back to Australia but thank god for my travel agent who changed our hotel booking to a fabulous hotel for the same cost......The minute we stepped into the reception area and saw the dust, and dirty ornate mirror we knew we had made a mistake. Dont rely on internet photos...read the reviews....C. BaileyMelbourne Australia  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>rogers103
<Content>budget motel with great location Pro;Great LocationHelpful StaffsCon:Dirty room (my room is 1108,don't know it is renovated or not)Slowest evelatorLess choices and supply breakfast  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>JRo101
<Content>Amazing, Cute, Tacky and Cheap I recently stayed at the Aqua beachside with my best friend. Neither of us had ever been to Hawaii before.. I just have to start by saying that the staff at the Aqua beachside are amazing!!! The front desk guys are all so friendly and helpful, anything we needed they did for us and any where we wanted to go, they helped us get there. At first glance the Aqua beachside is definitly tacky.... the pink carpet, walls and even pink fabricated head boards are a little out of date but they are working on doing renos. We later realized that even though it did seem tacky at first... its actually a really cute and has a ton of character. IT may not be the newest or the nicest place Ive ever stayed but it was super cute. Besides the staff the next best thing about this hotel is definitly the location... literally across the street from the beach! You couldnt ask for a better spot. Our first day we walked out the front door a watched a surf competion right on Waikiki beach. So if your looking for a place tto stay that is friendly, cute, cheap, clean and a great location then this is your place. If your looking for somewhere high end, classy, and romantic.... try the Hilton. I have nothing but good things to say about the Aqua beachside and its staff......Hi Trev and Greg!!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LMicheleS
<Content>Looks like it was a nice hotel...once upon a time I knew a bit about the hotel before heading in, so I wasn't overly disappointed. However, there are some things that the hotel could be doing to make a more pleasant stay for their guests, that they're not doing at the moment. I and two others stayed in two separate rooms for 4 days this July.The desk manager was very polite and helpful...and a looked a little overwhelmed at times. I knew the rooms were on the small side before booking, so that wasn't a surprise. However, I was somewhat surpirsed to see the run down condition of the place. The shower lining was old and leaked, cabinets were chipped, wall paper peeling, etc. Still, for the location and a decent price I can get over that. Other than a filthy looking carpet, the rooms were clean. The decor throughout the entire hotel looked like it was probably FANTASTIC once upon a time, but has since really deteriorated.Housekeeping was hit or miss. Sometimes they'd clean in the bathroom, sometimes not. Sometimes you'd get a replacement washrag and hand towel, sometimes not. When we called the front desk asking, eventually they said they were out. Yet we discovered later....by being nosy and looking in cabinets on our floor...that they did indeed have washrags... ;(I think what bothered me the most was the used mattresses piled in the 2nd floor hallway and also in the outdoor eating area. Not only was this really tacky looking, it could be a potential heath hazard as the rain creates mold, etc in/on the ones outside. It's probably expensive to dispose/move them out, but shouldn't that be a high priority for the owners if they're refurbing? Most people eat the continental breakfast out there on 3 tables that aren't buried by mattresses.One HUGE positive to this hotel is location. It's literally across the street from Waikiki beach. If the current owners stick with it and put the funds into the hotel necessary to bring it back up to the level it once seems like it was, WOW. Right now, if you don't mind clutter, marginal housekeeping, I'd say it's ok for you. Otherwise, pay a little bit more for the other hotels on the same street.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>BlaineAndRobin
<Content>So happy I ignored the bad reviews!!!!       park across from hotel  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Texan1969
<Content>Great Deal!!! We felt a little duped last week when we arrived in Hawaii last week and checked into the Aqua Honolu Prince Hotel. The bones of the place are pretty gross and I can only imagine we selected that hotel based on the wrong review or something. Fortunately they were kind enough to allow us to transfer over to Beachside. For $20 more we went from a bad motel to the cutest little hotel right there on the beach. The room was slightly aged but had a charming historic asian design to it. We were staying only one night before our cruise started but we were so thankful to have stayed there. I would have been fine spending the whole week at Beachside.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>twofromthebay
<Content>Budget Hotel w/a view to kill! Ok, so here is the deal, if you are look for a luxury expierence......this is not the place for you! However if you are looking for a clean room, KILLER views (floors 6 and up are best) and within walking distance to all waikiki activities.....this is your place. We knew starting off that we would not be spending much time in our room, so we went budget and we are sure glad that we did! The staff was awsome, front desk was sooo helpful (call hotel directly for room upgrades. They will beat any advertised price and check for daily parking rates, we paid at check in and saved 60 dollars!) The continental breakfast was basic, but did the trick. I would definatley suggest this property to friends and family. Keep in mind, the rooms are small, too smal for kids! But perfect for 2 people trying to get away for a relaxing vacation who are also on a budget...  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Deggy
<Content>Fab Location Literally across the road from Waikik beach, easy walk to all Waikik has to offer. Understand hotel has recently been bought by Aqua chain and looks as if it will be undergoing renovation in the near future - scaffolding all around hotel during my stay with workmen there friom 9 - 5. Interior does need updating and is rather worn and dated - however, location compensates for this.Breakfast is a bit of a joke though and unless you are there when it goes out forget it, my 1st morning there I arrived at about 8.15am to be told there was nothing left! Even when there there is food left it's poor quality muffins only.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	3	1	

<Author>Jeanne-and-the-Gs
<Content>Great Value for the Money My adult daughters and I stayed here for 4 nights and found it totally charming. It is an older hotel that has been remodeled and updated. If you look close, you can tell it's been around awhile, but everything is clean, fresh and updated. The room is amazing. It comes with three queen beds! The bathroom was adequate, but the shampoo and conditioner was out of this world, made with local ingredients. The room was extremely large and very clean, with a small refrigerator and microwave for our use. We were lucky enough to have a corner room so because of that, we had two balconies, one overlooking the busy street (great for people watching) and one that you could get a glimpse of the ocean from. The hotel is a few blocks from the ocean, but well worth the walk. Close to restaurants, shopping and just about anything that you could ask for. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>januscal
<Content>The biggest dump with the best view This is the dumpiest room I have ever stayed in. The room was tiny and the quirky oriental furniture very worn. But nothing could out do the horrible dirty worn carpet. It was supposed to be pink but it was grey in path areas. The bathroom had been redone and was great. Other than the worn icky conditions, the linens, etc were clean. The hotel is being refirbished, which was not a problem....but they really should not rent out those rooms until they take up that carpet. We were too embarrased to have our other family members up to our room. Now the view was spectacular. Full front on view of wakiki beach....amazing. And the location is fabulous. I wouldn't stay at this hotel until ALL the work has been done....especially the carpet. The rooms don't look anything like the online pictures. The staff was nice. I really felt sorry for those people who had booked a room with a view of the wall.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Nisirian
<Content>Average Hotel We booked this Hotel via their web site with a package including parking at $10 per night.On arrival we were placed in a room with a stunning view of a concrete wall which blocked out everything including the daylight! i asked for another room only to be told that ours was the only one available. The room was shabby  dimly lit which helped to hide the poor condition of the furnishings. The bed although comfortable had a large piece of hardboard under the matress to support the springing  the carpet was old  deteriorated. The bathroom was of a better standard with an excellent shower!!On the upside..the staff were very friendly  helpful with advice on things to see  do.The only other moan is that upon check-out we were charged $18 per night for car parking  not the advertised price of $10.. I think that the new owners would be be wise to close the hotel down until refurbishment is completed rather than try to mix guests with building work  so risk a bad reputation for the future!!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	1	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>stillatit
<Content>position is everything position is everything with this hotel so expect to pay for it.!!!!My husband and I stayed here Easter 2007 and hope to return one day soon. I found the staff very willing to serve when approached with respect.? I drink lots of tea and it was never a problem when I fronted up at reception with my mug and tea bag for the staff to get me some boiling water.We had been given a top floor sea view room but a lower floor room was requested and it did not matter that it was a garden view. In fact it was nice to be able to sit out of the direct sun on our balcony.This is a basic hotel so please do your homework before booking.I have traveled all over the world and it is unusual these days to get a double bed but it is easy to check this before you leave home. Honeymooners beware!!!I hope this hotel has not changed much now it is under new management as I hope to return .  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Trail_CanadaLynn1964
<Content>Disappointment I never added my comments before but I was so disappointed with this experience I just had to let others know. The day we arrived the hotel was in in their first day of new ownership by the Aqua group. When we were checking in I had requested a room with a view, although the reception person didn't answer me, it appearred that he heard me. He advised us of all the extra charges at that time. Using the safe $100, local phone calls $1 each...This hotel is quite old but clean  neat. The room that was assigned to us had a beautiful bathroom, glass shower... 2 single beds  the view was a cement wall, but we did have a patio. When I called the desk to let them know there were single beds  my reservation said double bed. I was informed that you cannot request what size of bed you get. I asked the attendant if it seem right that a married couple should have single beds, anyway, I asked to be moved to a room with double bed  view as my reservation stated but he said there were no rooms. I attempted to use the phone after speaking to the desk but now the phone wouldn't work. We decided to try to make the best of it  go for a walk on the beach. The beach was right a cross the street from the hotel, beautiful sand, easy to get in the water there. Local renting surf boards, burger shack, lots of people. When we returned from our walk I asked if the phone had been fixed yet but no one seemed to care. I had had enough so I asked to be moved to another hotel. They moved us to the Aqua Palms  Spa. This hotel was exactly what I had requested, view , king bed, staff were absolutely wonderful. We stayed there for three nights. I would definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	5	5	1	1	1	

<Author>hawaiibound37
<Content>Would recommend this hotel... We stayed at this hotel in October of 2005 for 7 days. The hotel was small but we knew that when we made our reservations. We found that the stafff was extremely helpful and gave us advice on the various activities that we should participate in and would help us to sign up for them. If your looking for full on resort than this is not your place but it was perfect for what we needed. The rooms are small and there is no pool on site. Being across the street from the beach we wouldn't have used the pool anyways. We thought that is was in the perfect location, we were able to walk to everything. I would recommend this hotel and would also stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sarebear73
<Content>Can't complain... Having never been to Hawaii and just spending 3 weeks in Europe, I was a little worried about this hotel after reading the reviews on this site. We got in after 9pm and having booked a partial ocean view room, we were informed we could upgrade to the full ocean view on the top floor for an extra $5 a night...done - and boy was it worth it. The room was a little small, but all you need is a comfortable bed, a clean bathroom and air-conditioning and we had all 3. Besides, who goes to Hawaii to see a hotel room! The staff were all lovely...especially Shane. We only got to see a little bit of Hawaii in the 4 days we were there, but are already planning a long trip back next year - and yes, we will be staying at the same hotel.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>jessediana11
<Content>1 star hotel , views are sweet but would have been cool if rooms were nice too AS HONEST REVIEW I CAN SAY. SOME staff was nice , some had mood swings while the graveyard guy was just kinda over opinionated, gave me opinions just because i was trying to find a rentel car, and didnt wanna give me a phone book. just his hotel directory, just gimme the dam phone book retard!!!! ok the lobby was nice but if u look closely their lobby has stains on couches, wall paper tearing, their is a travel peddler in front of the door of the hotel, so everytime u walk in your gonna get  how would u like a trip for free if u go to this time share presentation .once u get past him, there is a lady near the front desk that is gonna try to husle you as well, kinda low class since your paying alot to stay at this hotel ,. elevator was super small sometimes poeple try to squeeze into a small space, its really gross and didnt help when poeple farted in it, it lingered longer in a already gross elevator, how hard is it to toss a little paint and brass polisher, one day it didnt work and we has to climb 9 levels. kinda sucked after being hald dead tired. all calls 1.00 even if u wanna contact the lobby, and im glad the wife encountered the 2 inch cockroach on our last day cause she freaked out. all the brass in the rooms and hotel need to be polished, looks like the titantic, free breakfast was good. but go eat a real breakfast, too much sugar rush.picture in travel magazine is a little misleading , made it look 5 star in the travel brochure, i was duped.... LOCATION IS EXCELLENT, BUT DONT GO HERE IF WANNA IMPRESS A SPOUSE, VIEWS ARE A PLUS BUT ROOMS AND HOTEL ARE GROOSS,,,,!~!!!!!!! not the workers fault, i heard the owner is a tight wad,  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	2	1	1	

<Author>skyrider4000
<Content>Heed the warnings! My wife and I stayed at the Beachside Hotel for 6 nights in October 2007. I am very dissappointed. We booked our room several months ago and paid for a beachfrontal facing room with a queen size bed. When we got to the hotel and checked in they informed us that they did not have a room with a queen size bed, but rather a room with two twin beds. This was not a problem for a night or even two. However they were not able to place us in the room I booked at all during our entire stay. This is very sad given that this was our honeymoon and my wife and I did not even get to sleep in the same bed one night. Unfortunately there was nothing I could do about this situation since my booking says in small print that rooms are subject to availability. In addition to the extreme inconvenience of the bed situation, the room was extremely small. It was the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in. There was not even a place to to set and open my suitcase, let alone my wife's, except for the bed or on the floor. And, the rooms and the rest of the hotel, including the elevator to the lobby, are old and worn badly. The carpet in the room was gross and dirty, light bulb burnt out in the old lighting fixture on the wall, etc...Aside from these unpleasantries I will say the location of the hotel is excellent without a doubt. Also we did have a very nice view of Waikiki beach and the ocean from our room. The front desk staff and the other hotel workers we did come into contact with were all very nice.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	1	4	2	

<Author>kinki-girl
<Content>The hotel nightmare This is motel quality hotel. I think motel even look nicer. Everything in this hotel is old and dirty. I don't know how they get 3 stars. Poor front desk service. I asked if this 3 stars hotel and the front desk told me:this is no star hotel. If you like it, then stay or leave here. we are only going to stay one day, so we choose to stay. I was so afraid to take the hotel elevator because it is so old and dirty. I cried about my choice and I want money back. The room we got is VIP ocrean front at 11 floor. This Vip room can only fit one bed. The hotel room is so small and smell bad. Me and husband has to use beach towel to sleep because the blanket is so dirty. I afirad bed bud to bite me. This is my honeymoon. If we have to pick the hotel again, I would rather sleep at the airport.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>crazylegss
<Content>Great location This hotel is a touch hard to find and often gets mixed up with the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach up the street (MUCH nicer). This hotel is very well situated but is well worn. The wife hated it, but I thought it was adequate. This hotel was close to everything in Waikiki and literally right across the street from the beach. It's a place to crash...really who goes to Hawaii for the hotel anyways? The staff was fairly nice...very helpful.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ks3804
<Content>Good location We only needed a room for a night, as we were getting on a cruise the next day, so we didn't want to spend a ton of money -- and we knew we weren't going to check in until late in the evening due to our flight schedule. The rooms, at the time we were there at least, needed some work. The shower did seem to have some leaking issues, but the bathroom was clean. We specifically asked for a double bed when booking but our room had 2 twins (it was so late at night, and we knew we just needed the 1 night stay, so we just lived with it.) At the time the hotel was having issues with water damage (there had been a record amount of rainfall right before we got there,) and so part of the lobby was having work done.Still, the continental breakfast was nice to have, and the staff was friendly and helpful - they held our bags for us the next day while we went out for a few hours and killed time before our cruise boarded -- even after we checked out. All in all, I probably wouldn't stay there again, but it was a good deal for the short time we needed it for.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	5	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>hulagirlmtclemens
<Content>Great Location! We stayed at this hotel from Sept 4th to the 13th for 9 days. We were alittle worried after reading about all the negatives of this hotel. Bottom Line, the hotel is alittle worn(funrniture, carpet, and general appearance) but for the location I would give it an A++++++. The rooms were very clean and the people friendly and helpful. They supplied beach towels whenever we needed them. The morning continental breakfast consisted of coffee, tea, juice and donuts or muffins. Not much, but it gave your day a start. We met alot of nice people during the Breakfast hour from 7:30 to 8:30. We never saw any mold in our room, and no smells. My husband was able to use his laptop on the balcony each night and it was free. I think you need to be on a higher floor to get it. Make sure you pay the extra to get ocean front. The views are great, sunsets terrific, and people watching a bonus. We were in room 901. Avoid the back rooms because they face a wall.This is a great place if you are on a budget. Why pay 300-400 a night for the more expensive hotels. The cost of everthing seems to have gone up since our last visit to Oahu 5 years ago. There is no pool here, which we knew about., but you have that yummy beach and ocean just accross the street. If we make it back to Waikiki again we would choose this hotel for the price, and location.. Save yourself some money on the cost of the higher hotels and spend the difference on other things. Plus, it was so convienent having a hotel that you could zip in and out of. Parking is 9.50 per day. Overall--you can't go wrong, if your the fussy type avoid this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kaus
<Content>My Favorite Place       sunset from room  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>joraegk
<Content>No Gem in the Sun Stayed 7/9/2007. We were extremely disappointed in the property. Entrance to hotel is not clearly marked. The accommodations were poor. The room itself was very small. It had no phone to identify the front desk , housekeeping and the like. No message notification possibilities either. There was a distinct odor to the room of being stale and moldy. The bathroom shower was clean, thankfully. I can't say as much for the toilet. The sink and vanity were in bad need of repair. Our towel was not clean. Our carpeting was a disgrace. Ours was very dirty. Unfortunately, we do not travel to Hawaii often. We know in the future we will not stay at your property. The potential for a gem is there, but sadly it has yet to be discovered.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>victrekker
<Content>The worst hotel we've ever stayed in They say don't judge a book by its cover, but I think in this instace..what you see is what you get. We decided to go with this hotel based on peoples recommendations from this website. We were on our honeymoon and looking for a place to crash for a couple of days before we relocated to another part of Oahu. We felt quite priveledged when we walked in and received an upgrade because of the 'honeymoon' status...that was...until we got to the room. The room was tiny (no where to store luggage, could not swing a cat in the room). The carpet was filthy, there were lights hanging off the wall in bedroom, there was mould on the walls and surrounding the airconditioning etc.. The only good thing about the room was the seemingly ok bathroom and the view from the tiny lanai. After doing some exploring, we returned to our room to find that it was smoke filled with some putrid electrical scent. It was so unbearable that we retreated to the lanai. We contacted reception (in which we had to wait 10+ minutes for the guy to finish his smoko) to try an resolve the issue and he encouraged us to return to our room and await his call to notify us what he could do as he needed to call management. In the same breath as saying this he also informed us that the people in the room below also had to be moved because of electrical smoke filling their room. He did not seem so alarmed by this, however at this stage we were starting to suspect an electrical fire in the airconditioning unit (servicing the whole hotel) and that in fact and evacuation may have been a better suggestion. After waiting over 1/2 hour to get an outcome we then went down again and he had alledgedly been calling the wrong room! He then finally agreed to change our room after much insistance...however informed us that all he had to offer was a twin room with views of the wall (not ideal on your honeymoon). We insisted this was inadequate and asked for a transfer to an alternative hotel. We ended up staying at a sister resortquest hotel (the circle hotel) next door which was cleaner, bigger and the staff were much more obliging than the beachside hotel. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. We have stayed in better youth hostels/backpackers than this hotel!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>d_games
<Content>Basic but Location, Location June 17th to 20th 2007We took the Pride of Aloha cruise . On our last day we took a tour (Roberts Travel) not the shore excursion to Pearl Harbor  City tour that dropped us off at the hotel. Well, actually they dropped us off around the corner at another ResortQuest Hotel, but a very pleasant bellman took us around the corner to our hotel.We were suprised at the size of hotel (very small, but acceptable). We stayed in 702 (oceanfront @ $125.00/day). The room was a little larger than the stateroom on our cruise, but had a much better view. If all you are looking for is a bed, this is the place for you. You aren't going to kickback in the room and relax after a long day. If there are more than 2 and I do mean 2, get a larger room. Even an infant in that room would be uncomfortable. The staff is excellent and very helpful. The lobby area is very nice and very relaxing. The air conditioning worked great. They must have a humidifer (clothes felt a little damp and bathing suit took 2 days to completely dry (should have put suit on lani to dry). Furniture in room looked like it had seen better days, but the bed was comfortable.Just ignore the timeshare guys at the door to the hotel. If you are inclined to go to a timeshare presentation, figure out the most expensive thing you what to do and tell them when they start talking. Then tell them you aren't interested you already own a timeshare and you really don't have time. We were at a Speciality tours place (next to Cheeseburger in Paridise resturant) they were going to give us 2 tickets to the Polynesian Cultural Center ($40.00 ea) and a daily rental car. If you are good and enjoy that game you can get pretty much what you want.We didn't have our computer, but staff told us about an internet cafe not far from hotel. Rates were very reasonable $6.00/hr or $1.00/10 mins.Staff arranged a shuttle to the airport for $8.00. They were on time and pleasent.We didn't have a car, so we saved $9.50/day parking. You really don't need one if you take tours, enjoy the beach or get familiar with the local bus system. Buses can take you just about anyplace you want, if you have the time.The beach was across the street. There is a food place (Name may have been Hilton Cafe) (behind the police sub-station) that had good food and cheap for what you got. The hot dogs were $3.50 and large enough for 2. (Not 2 growing boys). They had sea salt encursted pork, mashed potatoes  somethig else for $6.00. Unfortunately, that was on Sunday and we didn't find this place until the day we left. Everyday they have a special, I think Wed was chicken. Also, they close at 6:00 PM. You can sit and watch the surfers getting their instructions or just enjoy the beach view.The International market is a short walk. There you can find ladies making lei's that sell for $5.00, a food court that has a varity of reasonable menus and just about any gifts you want to take home at reasonable prices. DO walk around and price what you want. The same item can very from $5.00 to $10.00.I'll try to post some photos of hotel later.Enjoy  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>jakesangel
<Content>Great for the price and location!       My husband relaxing on the very comfortable bed  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>davehenss
<Content>Waikiki Beachside Hotel       bathroom  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	5	4	1	

<Author>Kkjw
<Content>The good, bad and ugly The Good: The hotel is in a great location and is within walking distance of the shopping areas and is directly across from the beach. The staff is very nice. The Bad: Parking is located down the street in an adjacent hotel.The Ugly: I have to admit I was grossed out by the filthy carpeting, the mold on the ceilings and the crusty something on my sheets. The rooms are really bad.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>2	4	1	4	1	4	4	-1	

<Author>anitalTucson
<Content>Stop Badmouthing My husband and I have stayed at the Resort Quest WakikiBeachside Hotel three different times and will continue to stay there in the future. The Hotel is a little worn in places , but neverhave we found the carpeting filthy or any of the disquesting re-marks that have been printed. The people that work there are the best. They all go out of their way to accomodate you. The last time we stayed there, we had an ocean view and it wasjust out of this world. The other times, we just had a balcony that one person has discribed as a wall. Did they look down at the beautiful courtyard? The rooms are not tiny. What do they want, their whole house? The bathroom was equally nice and roomyThe location was the best!!! We go every year and and if they are still there, we will be there. ALOHA and MAHALO to the staff.Jim  Anita Huser...Tucson, Arizona  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>poster_boyz
<Content>Amazing Location, with a Little Grime I booked this hotel due to a guidebook recommendation (Oahu Revealed) which gave this hotel a Gem rating, despite some less-than-stellar reviews on TripAdvisor.I booked directly through their website and was happy to find a VIP room rate ($160) that was less than some nice hotels had as their floor rate ($200+). The guidebook recommended the higher floors (8 through 11) - for an unobstructed view over the large banyan tree that is located directly across the street. being on the top floor is most if not all of the VIP room's appeal.I'll start off with the good: The views were incredible!! We had a nicely sized lanai overlooking all of Waikiki... you were looking down on al the action on the entire Kalakaua Avenue strip, the beach, water to the horizon... just amazing! You could scope out an open piece of beach and head downstairs to claim in within minutes (the only delay being the ultra-slow elevator). There was also Hawaiian music being played in the evening under the banyan tree and it was really beautiful music... a perfect complement to a relaxing evening on the lanai. It was worth the price of the room alone.Now the bad: You knew there must be a catch with $160 for this view... and there were multiple catches... a. the room was incredibly small, b. requests made via their special request section on the site were all ignored, c. the exterior of the hotel is really run-down d. the carpets were gross... they were pink colored so the dark patches were very visible... e. the furniture was rickety... the doors on the TV stand were falling apart... f. the shower was stupidly designed so that you had to be 'in' the shower in order to test the temperature... ouch!, g. they had this super annoying tour guide guy working the front door harassing you each time you walked in with lines like hey, where are you come from? - and he was affiliated (in some way) with the hotel!Lots to say there - but, all in all, yes - I'd probably stay there again at that price. Simply, the location + views beat out cheaper options in lesser locations and I'd take the aforementioned downsides to save $200 every night against the four-star options next door. Recommended, but with a few warnings.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>jaybee99
<Content>Bit of a disappointment We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights previous to a timeshare exchange. We booked it as part of a flight package. With 4 different ResortQuest hotels in the area, it's important to know which one you're looking at when you research. I was looking at pics  reviews of ResortQuest Waikiki, obviously in error.The location is wonderful, right across from the beach, and a block from the Pacific hotel, 2 blks from the Marriott, and not far from the zoo. The staff is helpful, and It's nice to have the complimentary breakfast (from 7:30-8:30..on the dot!), but that was the best part.Our tiny room faced a blank wall. The carpet was dirty, there was little water pressure on the cold water side, and a bad leak under the sink. The maintenance man said he'd have to shut all the water off to fix it...and said the whole hotel was due to be converted to condos in a month. That explained a lot about the condition of the place. It's destined for improvement, at last.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>wedie
<Content>location location location My husband and our friends Deb and Rudy stay at the Beachside Feb 6-12th 2007. After reading some reviews we were a little worried. It was hard to find the entrance to the hotel, a sign would be good. The staff make the hotel, they are friendly and will do what ever they can to help. The hotel needs a big make over.The pictures shown must have been 20-25 years ago. Our rooms were facing the street and the sunsets were outstanding. I recomend a room facing the street because some rooms face a WALL. The rooms are small and their was mold on the ceiling in the bathrooms. Our friends bathroom the paint was falling off and there was mold. The bed was clean and comfortable.Coffee in the morning was good, but the rolls were cut in half and came from Costco. We called the breakfast our sugar breakfast. What does one want for free.The hotel is right across the street from the beach. ABC store right next door. For location this hotel get an A.Would we stay there again YES.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>hulalover
<Content>Very oriental The rooms are not large, but decorated beautifullly with antiques. Breakfast in the atrium with the Kona coffee was great. Short walk across the stree to the beach. I would recommed it to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wannagobacktowikiki
<Content>loved it!!       sunrise on Wikiki Beach  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Rossgue
<Content>Not What We Thought, But Who Cares??? My girlfriend and I were heading to Hawaii for the first stop for our Round The World Trip... we were very excited. Having being to Waikiki beach before, my girlfriend advised me of the Hotel that her and her family had stayed in the last time they stayed in Waikiki. Unfortunately, this was NOT it.Just to make things clear for some people who may be confused as we were.. there are two Hotels not far from each other on Waikiki Beach. One is the Resortquest Beachside Hotel (the one we ended up staying in), the other is Resortquest BEACH Hotel (the one we wished we stayed in).Having booked the wrong hotel, and not knowing until we actually arrived.. the first night was not an extremely happy one.BUT...Apart from the similar name to a much more Fancier hotel, there was nothing wrong with this hotel at all. Sure, the rooms are not that big.. but for just the two of us staying, there was no need for it. Sure theres no pool, but there is THE MOST BEAUTIFUL BEACH RIGHT OUT THE FRONT.This hotel was amazing for its location, and price. The staff were MORE than helpful, always greeting you with a smile and a very welcoming ALOHA! It was just great!The room we stayed in did not stink, did not have sticky floors or carpets.. It was fine. We got a good nights sleep everynight (except after we got burnt to the crisp after forgetting to put on sun screen lotion!)I doubt that anyone would end up spending a lot of time in their hotel room when you are on the worlds most famous beach.So despite the upset of our own faults, this hotel was absolutely perfect for our needs, and I would definetely stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>bztravlr
<Content>Beyond disgusting, left the hotel       Take a look at the moldy AC vent behind the bedside table  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ResortQuest Waikiki Beachside Hotel The staff was very friendly I think they had to be to make the people somewhat happy. The rooms are very small, the air condition was noisy , The carpet was very dirty and worn, and the rooms had the worst odor. There was one good thing about the hotel and that is location. If I visti Hawaii again I will be sure not to book here again  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value for Money We have just come back from our holiday at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beachside hotel and had a great time. The location of the hotel is fantastic and although the rooms are small they are adequately furnished. Friends of ours stayed in the Moana Surfrider hotel and paid over double what we paid and their rooms were the same size as ours.Some of the decor could do with updating but it wasn't too bad. The best part was the personal service we recieved. Nothing was too much trouble and the fact that a continental breakfast (UK visitors be aware that it is American continental breakfast i.e. cakes) and lovely fluffy white beach towles and mats were supplied free of charge more than made up for a slightly old decor. The rooms were cleaned every day and the bathrooms were pristine.We took the advice of some earlier posts and upgraded to a delux seaview room which is well worth doing if you can afford the extra expense. It was lovely to sit on the laini, and listen to the sea whilst watching the few remaining stragglers walk along the pathway at 4:00am each morning (body clock had trouble adjusting to the 11 hour time difference!).If you get the chance give surfing a try. It's a lot easier than it looks!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location Outweighs all Issues My husband and I stayed at the Resortquest Waikiki Beachside Hotel last week. I was a little worried about staying here after reading some reviews from former guests. We booked our vacation through AAA's brouchure. Two days after we booked, we immediately called our travel agent to upgrade our room from a partial ocean view to the VIP ocean front room. We were so happy that we did. Let me clear up some issues.First, if you stay here get an ocean front room. We stayed on the 10th floor, room no. 1001. We had view that you would spend $500 a night at any other hotel. This hotel is literally right across from the beach, with nothing blocking the view other than a Banyan Tree. I read the reviews from people that had no view. But, please be reminded that Waikiki is a HUGE tourist area, and every place that a hotel could be placed, someone found a way to do it. So yes other hotels in the back of this hotel have blocked views. The room itself reminded me of a cabin on a cruise ship. Yes, the rooms are small, but there is enough room for two people to be comfortable. There is so much to do and see on Oahu that guaranteed you will not be spending an afternoon in the room anyway. We spent a lot of time on the lanai in the morning and in the evening. The bathroom is quite large, and had a wonderful shower. I came home and missed the water pressure that they had at the hotel.Now, can the hotel use renovating? Yes. It is an older hotel. The carpet was not the cleanest, but I was not afraid to take my shoes off and walk around barefoot. There is only one elevator in this hotel. But, big deal! You are in Hawaii, and are staying in a hotel that is steps away from the beach. What else can you ask for? So, while I am not sure about the other rooms, I would definately stay at this hotel again in the same room catergory.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disgusted - Left Hotel We picked this hotel out of a package brochure. We chose the hotel because it is rated 4 stars and because of the pictures of the beautiful sparkling marble lobby and beautiful spacious room pictures in the brochure as well as the description of the hotel which states that it is an elegant boutique hotel, etc. etc. etc. One step into the lobby and you realize that you have been deceived. It was not sparkly and beautiful, but rather lackluster and dirty. The mirrors looked like they have never been cleaned. Got onto the elevator and it was disgustingly dirty (accurately described by another reviewer on this site - wish I knew about this site before my trip). We got to our room (which we were told that we were given a complimentary upgrade) and could not believe what we were seeing. The room was absolutely filthy. The carpet was so dirty that we decided right then and there we would not walk barefoot on it. The room had a terrible odor of mold or dirt which got worse with the 1/2 working AC (also accurately described on by another reviewer). There was a caking of dust on the curtains and the walls, headboards, comforters and carpets were also all stained up (how does the back of a headboard get stains???). Even the chairs and rails on the balcony were filthy. The room was also so small that our suitcases could not fit in the closet. There were two very small twin beds in the room - with a mattress that must have been as old as the hills. The furniture was not only dirty is was all chipped as if it rolled off a truck prior to getting to the hotel. After calling the front desk were we told that the pictures in the brochures are over 12 years old and that they weren't responsible for putting them in the brochure that the pkg company was. He agreed that is was misleading because the hotel has since aged and we were advised to call our package provider. Our pkg rep said that they don't rate hotels or give them stars. I told him that I was looking at the 2006 brochure which is rated with stars. He said that AAA was responsible for doing that not them and he said yes, the pictures are over 12 years old (I got the feeling that both had heard our complaints about this hotel before). I asked him if he thought that the pictures, stars and write up accurately describe and picture this hotel and he said no. He also said they call this hotel the cruise ship hotel because the rooms are about as big as a cruise ship cabin. Unfortunately we had to stay in this hotel for the first night before getting switched. We didn't even want to get in the beds! Our experience ruined our first day and a half. The pkg provider said that they offer travel insurance because they don't know what customers expecations are and this allows you to make changes (which we had and were able to do). I replied that as a customer I can help him with that and the answer is pretty simple - as a customer we expect what is represented - and that's it! We were very happy that we were able to switch to the Beachcomber up the road.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Godd value for money       View from our room's corridor  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>robmichel2854
<Content>Not too bad I was pleasantly surprised. You have to cross a street to get to the beach, but its not a busy street. We had two kids, 3 and 6 and this was a good hotel with them. They gave the kids a fun bad with a bucket and shovel. No internet access in the rooms yet. You can go to the lobby and pay 15 cents a minute for internet access. They have a decent hot breakfast that you can take out to the beach, though you have to fight the pigeons if you do. They do kind of lock you into valet parking at $15 a day. there is a $9 option at one of their sister hotels a block away. The rooms were clean. Pretty good all and all.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>suecag
<Content>Great location, no frills       popular Waikiki beach across the street  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible disappointment Maybe a 1 or 2 star, but NOT 4! The staff was exceptional. Very helpful and thoughtful.The rooms were a disappointment. They are all run down (at least the 3 we saw), items are missing and not replaced, i.e. soap dishes, etc. The carpeting is torn and worn. The Air conditioners barely work, and are rusty and noisy. All the rooms we saw smell from odor. We had to pay to Upgrade to the top floor to get a halfway decent room, which is still 2 star in my opinion. The elevator is not large enough for a surfboard to fit in it (kind of ironic don't you think), so you have to leave your board in a lockup room in the lobby.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MissMichellerenee
<Content>Literally steps to the beach! I went to this hotel for a week's vacation to Waikiki. My sister and I went for the beach and the sights. All we did at the hotel was sleep. Yes, it is small, yes it had carpeting that left something to be desired. It was EXTREMELY reasonable for the location, which is fantastic. And as some have written, I found the service to be VERY attentive. The maid worked around our sleeping schedule, which was unpredictable and erratic, and everything we needed or asked for we got. Terri is wonderful. She hugged us when we left. We were ABC's best customers that week and it was right out our door. The beach is literally out the front door. Less than a minute to jump in the water. If I was going to Hawaii to lay in my room this wouldn't be my first choice, but it served my purpose. It is in the middle of everything and we did it all! If I wanted to spend more, I would have. I prefer to spend my $$$ on shopping, dining, and sights. C'mon people! You get what you pay for. I would go back. I had a blast!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location My husband I and recently spent 3 nights here. There is nothing fancy about this hotel, but you can't beat the price and location. Don't expect any extras like a coffee maker or mini-bar, the small refrigerator is about all you get. The rooms are small, but big enough for 2 people (unless you have a lot of luggage) who don't spend much time in the room. The staff are friendly and helpful, and the rooms are clean but could use a little sprucing up. We originally booked a standard room, but upgraded ($50/night) to an ocean view. The view from the balcony is great-if you don't mind a little noise, you can enjoy the sunset while watching hula dancers in the grassy area on the beach directly across from the hotel. If you're looking for an inexpensive hotel in a great location the Beachside is definitely worth considering.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location and Staff Make It A Great Place       Queen Bed 9th Floor (VIP Oceanfront)  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could of been better Had heard that the rooms were small, but didn't realize HOW small. Just room enough to walk around bed. One chair, which couldn't be used because of lack of room. Had to continually move suitcases when two people tried to dress. Air conditioner was terrible, would not shut off when on auto. Hotel engineer tore it down and worked on it for four hours one day, no change. Thermostat would not control it. Air bounced off ceiling, far wall and right down on bed. When shower door was opened you received a blast of sewer smell in your face. Never changed for five day stay. View was great. Had a fourth floor center beachside room. Beach and street were right there. Everything was convenient, shopping, resturants, etc.. Staff are very friendly, but very young and inexperienced. Noise was a little overwhelming. Tour buses would stop in front of hotel and idle diesel engines for long periods of time. After 9-10 PM, street would get very raucous. If you are not particular, and just want a place to crash this is fine. But if you plan on spending time in your room, try somplace else. If you do stay here, recommend a beachfront room on either side, NOT center room. (sides are bigger)Bottom line. If my wife and I had of known what we were getting into, we would of stayed someplace else.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CTgirl70
<Content>Loved it!!!!!! Okay, here it is!!!! We just returned today at noon-time East coast time. Loved it!!!!! We stayed in Waikiki at this hotel for 10 nights. I was very weary about staying at the Beachside when I read some of the other reviews, but I am glad I stayed here. You could not have asked for a better location, the staff was wonderful, and the Boutique-styled hotel was a plus! The rooms were small but very clean!My husbaand and I love to travel and we have stayed in a lot of hotels, motels, and time-shares, but we loved this hotel. Once you entered the doors it was so peaceful and pleasant. I agree with those previous travellers that said it was older and a bit warn (carpets), but I found it to be very quaint and comfortable. We would have probably been writing a very different review had we NOT chosen the Ocean-front room. The view was wonderful. The hey is to get a room that looks OVER the big tree in front of the beach. Yes there are bigger and better hotels in Waikiki, but the ones we visited (ie, Royal Hawaiian, Hyatt, Sheraton, various Outrigger Resorts) were so commercial and busy with shoppers. We loved that we could be in the hustle and bustle and then retire to a quiet and small hotel.I have to mention this...The bathroom shower had the best water pressure I have ever experienced. You could stay in the shower for 30 minutes and the water nevered cooled down!!!!(One last thing) The elevator, someone mentioned that it was low...We never had to wait more than 45 seconds for this thing. Yes it was small, but it did it's job. Just think of this hotel as a 'hotel-styled bed and breakfast with some aging for character. Loved it, loved it, loved it, and would definately stay again!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eramp76
<Content>Aston Waikiki Beachside -- You really do get what you pay for We stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beachside May 05 for a couple of nights before our cruise. I chose this hotel because of location  price. We wanted to spend our $$ on excursions on the other islands. The location is terrific. It is right across the street from the beach. We had an oceanfront room so the view was super. However, the hotel is old  worn. The showerhead popped off  struck my wife on the head, leaving a bruise. The staff was just okay. We were not particularly impressed. This hotel is a little less expensive, but you will have to settle for less. It was okay with us since we were only there a couple of nights.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>fob2000
<Content>Felt like we stayed with friends       Street festival picture taken from our balcony  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A dissapointment Great staff  location but room was a serious disappointment. There wasn't a window in the room so be sure to ask before you book!  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>sorry Aston, but this was below par We stayed at the Beachside based on photos on the net (never again). They show an elegant couple strolling through a marble walk way. They fail to inform you that the picture has to be about 10 years old. We originally got booked into one of the non-view concrete slab rooms with two dinky beds. As others have noted, their staff is great. They seemingly know that people are going to be bummed out staying there. They kindly upgraded us at half price to a nice ocean front room. If you stay here, get upgraded to the ocean front room. You are literarlly on the beach. We had the polynesian show below us each night as the sun went down, it was very memorable to watch the sunset with the hawaiian music and dancers below us. BUT the room was small, had a very musty smell to it and the AC unit kept us up at night. The furniture literally had chunks missing from it and the grounds generally felt dirty. As other reviewers pointed out, they do not have their own parking. The location cannot be beat, but if they took some time to redo the carpets, stick some paint on the walls, and clean up a little. this would be a great little place.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Various comments explained!! We just stayed in a room in the Aston Beachside and can now understand all the comments. We were puzzled as to how the reviews and comments were so different before we arrived.Positives....a) The staff are great! Very friendly and helpful always.b) It is an older hotel - but well cleaned and maintained.c) Position at the side of the beach is excellent with the live celebrations at sunset outside the door every night.Negatives....a) The rooms are small for a US hotel (in the UK we have smaller!)b) On floor 7 for example, there are 8 rooms; 3 have a view of a concrete wall 15 feet outside the window; 2 have NO WINDOWS; and 3 have a superb sea view.c) There is only one elevator, and its only comfortable for 5 people, or 2 people and 2 suit casesd) The double beds have a standard allocation of 3 pillows! They have very few spares.The people getting a windowless room are not going to be 100% happy.I think the hotel understands that and they are going to rebuild on the site in January 2006 we were told, with 2 luxury flats per floor.We stayed in a room with a wonderful sea view and enjoyed our stay.I hope this allows others to better understand the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>never again Please, Please, do yourself a favor and NEVER stay at this place. The hotel is dirty, VERY small rooms with sound traveling from one room to another. The elevator has room for about 3 adults, and they have only one in the hotel. No parking. You have to park down the street and around the corner. I stayed at the Hotel during the week of the 19th of February and would have changed to any other hotel if anyone of the other hotels had rooms. The staff is young and do not have a clue when it comes to customer service. Their breakfast food is really a joke and they only offer it for one hour in the morning. If you go to the islands and this is the only hotel available, TRY ANOTHER ISLAND. As my article title states, never again !!!!!!!!!!!! BOB, California  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Location for a couple of nights Stayed here from the 5th of January thru the 8th, 2005. The Location and the staff make this place just great. Terri is one of the nicest people you'll ever meet!! Yes, this place is in need of some new rugs, carpet and paint but it was announced officially during our stay that the hotel will be turned into condos in the near future so I wouldn't expect much in the way of renovations.If you're staying for a full week and looking for a deluxe resort - this is NOT the place. If you're staying for a few days and looking to be right in the thick of it - this is your place. Spend the money on Partial oceanview or ocean front. The view is amazing. Sunsets are beautiful. Great nightly torch lighting show out front under the big banyan tree. You can even learn to hula at the show! We were out at night and always felt very safe. Police station is just down the block.Rooms are small. Shower is great - plenty of hot water and great pressure. You can help yourself to extra towels and supplies in the chest in front of elevators or in the closet around the corner from the elevators. Linens were very nice. Rugs and furnishings have been around a few years. Everything seemed clean, just a little worn. Maid service was very friendly.Use the tray under your ice bucket to go downstairs and bring coffee, rolls and fresh juice up to your room.Elevator is small, sometimes you have to wait - we used the stairs alot even though we were on the 10th floor. Down is way easier than up. Shopping within walking distance - everything from bargains to Chanel. The beach is truly less than 50 steps out the front door. ABC convenience store right next door for snacks and drinks. Like they always say......Location, Location, Location. If this is your once in a lifetime trip to Honolulu - spend a little more for the Aston Beach hotel. It's the highrise right next door. If you're just laying over for a few days and want easy sight seeing and a terrific view - this is the place.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spectacular View, Staff, Convenience - Worth every penny We stayed at the AWB for 6 days/5 nights, January 2004. BTW, we have stayed at Ritz Carlton and Peninsula Hotels in various locales as well as super cheapo dumps - we are not travel novices. First: the location could NOT be better. Steps from beach. If you look at the aerial pictures, it looks like you have to cross a highway to get there, but it is a one way street and hence very easy to cross safely. Towels, mats, books for the beach all at doorside for easy use. Still within walking distance of all the shopping and eating you want, but, unlike big resorts down the street, you don't have to walk 50 miles in the hotel itself to get in or out of the place. You are also steps from car rental offices.Second: as I noted above, it is a small hotel, which means you do not feel like you are in a maze (a la the Sheraton Waikiki), nor do you feel like you are in the midst of a busy street in Manhattan (a la the Outrigger Reef which is so busy you need a vacation after strolling the lounge). Continental breakfast is served in a lovely sitting room area - is very very quiet and the decor is pleasantly original (chinese antique style ... not the faded pastel of most of Waikiki). Third: the staff is outstanding. They put staffers at 5 star establishments to shame. They aren't pushy, they Are knowledgeable, and they will do whatever it is you need them to do. And they are extremely friendly. We actually were sorry to leave them when we departed! Since when did we ever even learn the names of any staff at a hotel?? Do not go exploring on your own without consulting them. They will give great information. Fourth: The view! Sure, you can pay 5x more at one of the resorts down the street but WHY? We got up at 4:30am more than once JUST to sit on the balcony and watch the surf, the people, the sky. Make sure you are high enough to avoid the big banyan tree (over 8th floor should be fine). Fifth: It is a quiet hotel. We never heard a peep from neighbors. Even when sleeping with the balcony doors open (which we did frequently because it was so pleasant). Sixth: the beach is actually less crowded here than at the Royal Hawaiian or Sheraton Waikiki where it is wall to wall bodies. Since the beach is continuous, you can walk there if you want to press up against other people, but you don't have to. You are at the edge of the Kuhio Beach Ponds which is very friendly swimming waters - great for kids or other people who don't want to think about pounding surf. Finally - we hear they are converting this to luxury condos in 2006 January. So if you have a chance this year, go. We are already missing it.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel My husband and I just returned from Hawaii yesterday. We stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beachside Hotel. I liked the hotel. I didn't expect to stay in a 4-5 star hotel so this hotel was just the ticket. Yes, the standard rooms are small and with no windows. If you ask at the front desk, you can probably upgrade to a room with a partial view or a room with a beautiful view for a fee. The beach is right across the street. If you happen to get a room with a ocean view, the view can't be beat. Some of the rooms are a little stuffy/musty but I think that is to be expected from a place with so much humidity. The personnel are very polite and courteous. Trevor will play the eukele for you. There are stores all around you, Jack in the Box, McDonalds, ABC store is right next door. Sit on your balcony and watch the sunset and the surfers. Sometimes the AC got a little cold, so we opened the windows and patio door for a good breeze. It is not the most modern/upscale hotel on the strip, but the rooms are really clean and the hotel staff is really nice. If you are on a budget and just want a clean and hospitable place to stay then this is the hotel for you. I will be staying there next year.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Layover
<Content>Size Does Matter If you've been in prison and are freaked out by the thought of sleeping in a cell, then run away. The smallest hotel room known to man. They put me in something they called an interior roon which translates to NO WINDOWS. Great breakfast buffet and the location is good, but Good God; the size of the rooms.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WESTMOUNTGAL
<Content>Best room on the Strip We put the two twin beds together and asked for the wall to wall carpet to be shampooed in our room and we had the best value in Waikiki. The beach is literally across the street, the towels and beach mat available in the lobby in the morning are fabulous, as you return them there on your way in. No swimming pool but there's the beach and boogie boarding and surfing lessons right there in front. Get your Maui Babe suntan lotion and feast on the sun tanning opportunity. The view was superb from our balcony. The free continental breakfast was great and with the bed tray, you can bring the muffins, croissants, coffee and juice (real!) up to your room. This is a small boutique hotel with friendly staff and location, location, location! We got a great room with a great view but yes some rooms are without windows or look out onto a wall. Get out of the room and see Oahu and the North Shore and the malls and just sleep in there! You're not buying the place but just sleeping there. It isn't for honeymooners cause the beds are a little old but worth every penny.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice location, junk hotel I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. If u book it through Pleasant Holidays, better call the hotel and make sure you get a queen or king size bed. The hotel staff and manager insisted I booked 2 twins. I was stuck with this the first night and the manager was reluctant to give me a queen or king when I know for a fact it was available. The lobby is small but looks decent at first glance. Then you see the area rug and the furniture and you can tell it's just not well maintained. The worse part was the elevator! It is tiny, dirty and disgusting. If I hadn't been on the top floor I would have opted to take the stairs. The rooms are so small I barely had enough space for my luggage. The carpet is in dire need of being replaced and the TV was a junky old Zenith. I had to wear slippers around the room cause I didn't want to step on the filthy carpet. Also, we ended up with a lovely view of a building wall.Luckily, my boyfriend and I didn't spend much time in the hotel. Basically we were only there to shower and sleep. The only thing nice about the hotel was the location. You can jaywalk and be at Waikiki beach in 10 seconds. The staff besides the manager were friendly and nice, but not enough reason to ever refer anyone to this hole.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Alnol
<Content>Poor Choice We had viewed this hotel several years ago  thought it would be a great place to stay.However, on a recent visit to Hawaii we were given a room facing a blank wall  the hotel was in need of a renovation. We were shown an upgrade room which had one bed, no bath tub  would have cost us an extra $ 50 per night.Next day we moved to the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel where we were completely happy.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shee28
<Content>Small room....Great view       View from the balcony.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelJunkie22
<Content>The Little BeachSide Hotel that Could....... This was my first time in Hawaii, so when I got there I wanted everything to be nice and smooth. I bought my packaged deal from Pleasant Holidays and I think they did an overall good job with the booking. Check-in was easy. If your trying to look for this hotel make sure ALL YOUR PASSENGERS ARE LOOKING TO THE LEFT to find the entrance to this club, i mean HOTEL. If you blink, you will certainly miss the hotel because I had to drive around 3 times just to find it. I even went to the wrong Aston Hotel chain and they told me I was at the wrong hotel. I felt so touristy. When I finally got to my hotel, the staff was very friendly. When I saw the elevator to go up to our room, I thought at first if it was the food elevator for room service, but turns out that little elevator was the mode of transportation up to our rooms. Just make sure when you go to the elevator, there isn't a crowd with you unless you want to be rubbing up on someone's tanning lotion. When I opened to the door to my room, my eyes widened with such a surprisement. The pictures on the Internet can really decieve you on how big the room can look. The room is really good enough for 2 people, MAX! I had an ocean-view room fortunately so I had a balcony over-looking Waikiki beach. Thank goshers for the balcony. It saved the room. If it wasn't for the view, I would have developed CLAUSTROPHOBIA on the spot! The room service cleaned our room everyday and made it nice and neat. This service is greatly appreciated after a night of drinking on the patio. The hotel also offers its guests free towels and sand mats for beach use, which became very useful. Location was very good too. ABC store to your right, left, back, front, on the beach, everywhere. Everything is walking distance from this hotel so that saved alot of time driving everywhere. Only problem I had with the location of the hotel is getting on the H1 EAST!!! took me about 2 tries to find the shortest path to enther this highway. Other than that, this hotel did it's job. saved me $ and I got a great view of the beach from it. If you stay at this hotel, jus make sure you get an oceanview room, you wouldn't want a view of the senior citizens next door!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>firsedge
<Content>Great Staff, superb location - will be back ! First time visit to Hawaii - this hotel's location could not be beaten - just cross the road and you are on Waikiki beach and the International Market Place is a few yards down the road. Staff are very friendly and cannot do enough to help. Rooms are spotlessly clean - will definitely stay there again without hesitation.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>iloveuni
<Content>Great Staff, Great Location! As most of the other reviews already mentioned, the staff at this boutique hotel was wonderful. Ricky was always patient and helpful with the many questions we had for him. He also gave us a great deal on upgrading to an ocean view room on the 9th floor (we were supposed to get the windowless room). He and Shane also recommended going through Cheap Tickets to book luaus/tours...as Shane instructed, just look for the lady passing out orange flyers in front of the McDonald's right next door and give Cheap Tickets a call. We booked a luau at Germaine's and snorkeling at Hanauma Bay w/transportation and gear for about $45. Although the hotel warned us not to use Mr. K/Dr. K as our transportation provider to Hanauma Bay (bad customer service and they were right!), they ended up being the company Cheap Tickets deals with for transportation. I requested 6:45AM pick up and the morning of, when I called Mr. K to confirm, he wanted us to take the 8:30AM departure instead since it would just be my friend and I that he would be taking. I stated that we wanted to go early and that when we booked, we were promised a 6:45 pick up...he said the earliest he could come was 7:10AM. He was 15 minutes late and when we got in the car, didn't even say a word to us. I had to repeat a question two times before he even responded. We also requested for pick up from Hanauma at 12:00 but again, he was not flexible because he wanted the car to be full instead of only 2 passengers. I told him that the hotel was kind enough to give us late checkout until 2:00PM so I just wanted to make sure we got back by that time. He said he could only come back at 12:50PM (he then gave us the option of 10:50AM but that didn't give us much time to snorkel the beautiful bay). We didn't get back to the hotel until 1:40PM or so because the shuttle decided to pick up another pair of passengers at Diamond Head who weren't even there!Of course, the hotel staff was kind and understanding about our tardiness because they knew that Mr. K's service is not very reliable or punctual. So if you are on a time constraint or appreciate friendly service, I suggest not going through Mr. K.I would definitely stay at this hotel again...yes the rooms are small but you should be spending most of your time outdoors! Thanks Ricky and Shane for making our first trip memorable!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Martrese
<Content>Great little hotel! We stayed here for two days before leaving the islands after getting married on Kaua`i in August, 2004. We booked with the Entertainment Card discount, so the price ?even with daily parking ?was great. I prefer being at the eastern end of Waikiki (where the Beachside is) and it's proximity to the beach itself, right ACROSS THE STREET, is perfect. The room was small but nice. Upon hearing that we just got married, the desk clerk upgraded us to a full ocean view room and sent up a split of champagne ?a very nice touch. Needless to say, the view was spectacular and we enjoyed having a glass of wine on the balcony before heading out to dinner both nights.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel Nice little hotel, in a great location. The room size was very adequate, the bed comfy as any other I ahve slept in in a hotel. There was a closet large enough to keep the suitcases in and a couple of chairs by the window which gave a partial ocean view. The air worked well, and the room was cleaned extra well before arrival, as we had asked for a non smoking. It started to smell musty after a couple of days, but you can ask housekeeping to deodorise. The only cons were no swimming pool, small elevator. That was it really. Staff was great, location was great.Advice: 1. Don't book any activities before you get there. Decide what you want to do ahead of time, and make up a little calendar to guide you, so you don't miss out. When you get there take the flyersa people are giving out. They have great prices.2. Do book your car rental ahead - go to ---------. We decided against getting it all week, and just did 2 days, not consecutive. Perfect. We returned the car to Thrifty each night before 10 so that we would not have to worry about parking it overnight and returning it early next day. Rent it for the day after you arrive, and a little before you leave and drive around the island. Stop at a Foodland, and buy a cooler for $6.00, plus drinks, cold cuts etc. Then you'll have the use of it for the whole time. (We donated it to the guys at the hotel when we left) Most everything we booked had transportation provided, and that worked out best. I would also get a bus pass next time, just to hop on and off for shopping, downtown activities etc. $20 unlimited.If you do these things, you will be quite satisfied at the use of your time and money  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Views, Location, and I Slept Great!! When I first arrived at the Aston Waikiki Beachside in March '04 I was stunned at how small the rooms were. BUT, once I gave it a day or so I was really pleased with the hotel. I had an Ocean View room (4th floor) and it was a fabulous view. After a while, I didn't even notice that the room was a little cramped. I loved having a balcony overlooking both the ocean and the busy but exciting street below. It was really fun to sit on the balcony at night and watch the Honolulu Festival parade. I was a little nervous that I might not be able to sleep because of noise from the street, but that wasn't the case at all. I just closed the sliding glass door and I didn't hear a peep. It would be a great choice fr anyone who doesn't need all the fancy amenities! Who spends all that much time in their hotel room in Hawaii anyway??  
<Date>Sep 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NewYork41
<Content>Unique Hotel in a Great Location My boyfriend and I stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beachside Hotel on our travel agent's recommendation. We were a little nervous since we booked a room with no windows, but we were on a budget and figured we wouldn't be spending much time in our room anyway. Far and away the best thing about this hotel is the staff. They were as friendly and helpful as could be. I called them and asked about the windowless rooms, and they said that if, upon arrival, there were partial or ocean view rooms available, they would upgrade us for less money than it would be if we booked a partial or ocean view room in advance. It added a little excitement to the experience and when we arrived that was precisely the case. They offered to upgrade us to a partial ocean view for $10 more a night, or to a full ocean view for $20 a night (as opposed to I think $80 if we booked an ocean view in advance.) As other reviewers have said, this hotel lacks bells and whistles, but my thoughts are that in Waikiki you don't need your hotel to have bells and whistles. All of the excitement at this hotel is right out the front door on the beach. This hotel truly could not be in a better location. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to go to Waikiki and not spend a fortune.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location My wife and I were both nervous to see our windowless hotel room since we booked a standard room. We read the other reviews and we were expecting to be disappointed, but once we got there, we were quite relieved. The room was small but it was fine for two people. Yes, there were no windows but it didn't really matter to us since we were hardly in the room anyways. The major perk for this hotel is its location, location, location. It is right across the kuhio beach (part of waikiki beach) and closed to everything. The zoo is just a few blocks away and so was the international market. Most of the trolleys make a stop in front of the duke statue, and most of our tour pick ups were behind the Hyatt Hotel on Koa Ave which is only one block away. Yes, it is a small hotel with no restuarant or pools but their service was excellent. Trevor and Shane provided a lot of good advices about tours and transportation and most of the staff were helpful and friendly. They even played the ukelele. Those who travel with a packaged tour like we did, take my advice, do not fall for their gimmicks and book excursions and tours with them. Their tours were highly priced. I suggest going to cheaptickets tour and travel (get the brochure), their prices for tours are pretty reasonable. Cheaptickets is across the street from a post office and it is on the second floor, ask for Most (not sure how to spell her name). If you are looking for delicious steak and lobster tail for $11.99, I suggest going to the Hana Hotel's lobby, on Koa Ave (back of the Hyatt Hotel), there is a restaurant there (their brochures are handed out daily near the aston waikiki beachside hotel). Another piece of advice, buy all your souvenirs at the flee market at the Aloha Stadium which opens every sat, sun, and wed 8am to 3pm. Souvenirs were half the price (i.e. shirts cost 10 for $20 with different colors) compared to the international market place(shirts cost $20 for 8 and comes only in white). I suggest going there early because the flee market is huge and it gives you time to haggle. You can take the bus (which I was told takes about 2 1/2 hours) or take the shuttle ($5 per person one way) which is much faster.One more thing, if you are planning to take the circle island tour, I suggest making sure it includes Waimea valley and Waimea Falls because you can actually swim in the Fall and the area is just beautiful. Make sure you bring towels and a change of clothes though and make sure you have no open wounds. Oh ya, it takes about 3/4 mile to get to the Fall. Also, I suggest going to Hanauma Bay, the best snorkeling area but go early since you have to line up to pay ($5 pp) and watch a 20 min video before going down to the bay. Also,pls do not step on the reef when your swimming (it kills them). Don't be ignorant like other tourists that were doing exactly what they were told not to do. They should have gotten a fine or something.One gripe, not for the hotel but for Diamond Head Agency. We were disappointed in one of their customer representative who worked at the Beachcomber Hotel, he was rude and he made us happy that we went with another travel group for our excursions.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Boutique must mean something else in the USA We stayed a week at the Aston Waikiki Beachside during May of 2004 on our honeymoon from Australia. Boutique must mean small and cramped, devoid of full services. I'll cut to the chase. POSITIVES Location - the hotel is well located accross for the beach and nearby restaurants and attractions Staff - All friendly. Bathrooms - small but nicely finsihed. View - good from our ocean view room. NEGATIVES - Small Rooms, extremely small, barely enough room between the bed and the TV unit, and not much room either side of the bed. Fittings were in need of replacement. Stained lamp shades, so called antiques were 1990's versions. Breakfast consisted of too sweet buns and pastries. Being on our honeymoon we were supposed to receive some wine on arrival, this never evntuated. Lack of Services (laundry, pool) My advise would be to check out other nearby hotels. We moved to the Pacific Beach Hotel and loved it.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>twilsonb
<Content>Great Ocean View! Went for a week in March 2004. Nice little boutique hotel right across the street from Waikiki Beach and Kuhio Park. Rooms were small but clean and all we needed as we spent most of our time on the beach and shopping. Oceanfront rooms for the price are a great bargain with a great view. The staff was excellent and helpful, always talked with us and offered us assistance. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hookedonbonaire
<Content>Very average! The Aston Waikiki Beachside Hotel was very average and some rooms below average. My husband and I stayed there in March 04 and we were a little dissapointed. The rooms are super small with super small beds and furniture. The view and location were nice. There are no frills, restaraunts or anything. The staff is very accomodating and helpful...they even gave us towels and a room to change so that we could enjoy the beach while we waited for our room. All in all, the satff and loaction were 5-star however the rooms need an update. I would not stay there again with all of the other choices on Honolulu!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location!!!!! This is a nice little hotel. Not a 5 Star but they more than make up with the EXCELLENT way they take care of you. We were there 6/06/04 - 6/11/04. We were greeted by Trevor and Shane and was assured we would have the best of times, which we did. Trevor tool care of all of our attractions. You can not beat the Location, Location, Location!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fair and balanced review My family and I stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beachside Hotel in late May, 2004 and had a fantastic time. The hotel was clean and well kept but the carpets and rugs did appear worn (but clean.) Our bed was very comfortable and was in good condition. The room size is smaller than the average hotel room in the mainland and could only fit two people comfortably. The dcor was nice and the bathrooms were very cool with black marble, glass walk-in shower, and plenty of storage space. My only complaint was that after five days with the AC on, the room smelled slightly musty. That was no big deal because we had a FANTASTIC view of the ocean (Kuhio beach park) and we just left the patio door open. If you stay at the AWBH you must get a room with an ocean view. The entire staff, as mentioned in other reviews, was top notch. They went out of their way to assist you and make you feel at home. Simply a great bunch of people.In all honesty there are fancier, more luxurious places to stay on Waikiki but the quality of the hotel staff, in combination with the hotel's great location, fantastic view, and the price, make up for any smaller sized room or worn carpet.   
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great little Hotel! What a deal! If you are looking for a hotel that is clean, convenient, and safe - you found it! A five star it is not, but for the money it is hard to beat. The room had a million dollar view, right across the street from Waikiki Beach, walking distance to everything on the strip. The staff was wonderful, very helpful and polite. We recommend this to anyone wanting to see Honolulu on a budget! Will definetely use it when we return!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mistermaui
<Content>watch out for the entry level rooms I checked out this property from an agent's perspective, and agree that it is, on balance, a nifty little boutique hotel.But DON'T go for the cheapest rooms. They are like those on the lowest category of a cruise ship- tiny and WINDOWLESS! Never have I seen a hotel with interior rooms like that.The better ones are indeed better, but don't be fooled into thinking this is a 4 star- it ain't!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>alafans
<Content>Great location and hotel for the money! Stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beachside Hotel from November 22 to 29, 2003. Booked the room through Expedia and got a great rate of $162 a night for a VIP room on the 11th floor with an unobstructed view of the beach across the street. We even got the seventh night free for booking on Expedia.!We arrived at around 6:30 p.m. Hawaii time from the airport. At first glance I couldn't even tell it was a hotel. No large neon sign exposing the facility. It was conventiently located between an ABC (not a liquor) store and several clothing stores. We were greeted by Eddie and Terrance at the front desk who showed us to our room. All during the week, other employees such as Chanda and Jon gave us good suggestions on where to eat and shop.The Aston Beachside is conviently located around the corner from a city bus stop and across the road from the beach. Duke's canoe bar is located down the road and has great lava flowes! This hotel is definately worth the money due to the location and the staff.A simple breakfast of rolls and coffee w/juice is served from 7:30 to 8:30 each morning. On the weekends afternoon tea is offered also.Simply put, this is a great hotel for the location and cost of the rooms! Our room had two small twin beds with a large bathroom nicely decorated with oriental furniture. Our room had a nice tv with cable in it as well as a refridgerator. The room-length balconey overlooked the street and the beach. It was a very nice view of the ocean and sunsets!If you plan on booking a room here, do so as soon as you can. This is a very nice hotel with little signs of wear and tear. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a nice place to stay while in Waikiki Beach in Honolulu, Hawaii!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hidden Gem on Kalakaua Ave.   showReview(1483528, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Prissy
<Content>Much Better than Expected   showReview(1422467, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>astarret
<Content>Would Definitely Go Back!   showReview(1222653, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cathy01013
<Content>Aloha Beachside!   showReview(1073787, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed our stay   showReview(1030885, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I liked the Hotel   showReview(1028477, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to come back to the Aston Waikiki Beachside!   showReview(1005054, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staff Service was Awesome   showReview(908413, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2003
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lukewarm on the Aston Waikiki Beachside   showReview(847097, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kellie224
<Content>Surprised!!!Pleasantly!!!   showReview(792348, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>SEMPLICE, MA EFFICIENTE, CONFORTEVOLE E CENTRALISSIMO   showReview(19647385, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mpinso
<Content>Excellant raport qualit prix   showReview(18684596, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19167323, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19166851, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19162134, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19919037, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

