<Author>saintba
<Content>Amazing View, Courteous Service, Total Comfort A+++ Continuing our journey for our Christmas/New Year's Eve vacation my wife and daughter and I just spent 4 nights at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel. It was an amazingly comfortable stay. I booked this hotel over the Ritz and Four Season Hotels which are also great because I'm a sucker for a great view. I'm not sure if it gets much better than this. We booked a Lotus Suite and it had a panoramic view of the city. It was an amazing view both during the day but especially at night. We were on the 45th floor and it was very nice that our room had its own private hallway giving additional privacy. It had a normal doorbell on it as well. The room was VERY spacious.From the moment we checked in the staff was very friendly and professional. I've never stayed at this property before and we were coming from the Ritz Carlton in Naples, Florida and an amazingly upscale house that we stayed in Los Angeles before coming here so we had very high expectations. The hotel lobby is nothing to write home about. Not bad but nothing extra special. The real magic begins when you rocket up to your rooms in the fast elevators that take you up to your room. I believe most of the rooms have a view but the suites with the really great views are on the 40th floor or higher. Our King size bed was very very comfortable and had a big floor to ceiling window at the side of it so you can keep the curtains open all night and see the skyline. It was extremely romantic! Also, the room had a nice working area (although this was probably the first time in 10 years that I didn't work during a vacation). We have a 5 month old baby which sure does change your priorities and focus in life. This was a great trip with her and the family. Speaking of which the hotel had a baby crib set up for little Katie.The bathroom was very high end and all marble. The room had high speed wireless internet you could buy. I only used it 1 out of the 4 nights. The cost was $12.95 per night and it did seem to work very well. This place certainly isn't cheap. You can spend quite a lot of money here as things add up. For example, they charged a whopping $50 a night for valet parking. That is a bit steep I thought but then again, all around in San Francisco parking was scarce and VERY expensive. If we didn't have a baby with us and stroller I would never have had a car. Most places charged $27 to park 2 hours and that is IF you can find a space.The room was totally comfortable and I doubt you will find a hotel with a better view in San Francisco than the Mandarin Oriental. They do a great job and always go out of their way to help you. Every morning they put the Wall Street Journal, USA Today and London Financial Times under my door when I told them I read them. The room also has a nice LCD TV and also has a DVD player in it which we used. It is a bit awkward as you can't control the DVD from the bed as it's inside the drawer so they might want to change that. They had twice a day full maid service and they did a great job each day. The first day we flew in it was cloudy and we were disappointed that we spent so much money to get a great view and we couldn't see anything. But then God must have answered our prayers as the rest of the stay the weather was glorious and we got tons of amazing photos near the Golden Gate Bridge, Fisherman's Wharf, Union Square, Nob Hill and other areas. San Francisco is truly one of the most beautiful cities in the world. I give an A++ for this hotel and the great service as they always were going out of their way to help.We are off back to Los Angeles for a night then heading back to Miami.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vacationloveruk
<Content>The best views in the Bay Area. We stayed here because of the height of the hotel and the views we would get. The hotel is on a busy street and as it is in the top half a skyscraper it doesn't have a pulling in area to unload, but the vallet was helpfull and took our car for parking. Check in was easy and the lobby was nice, but not spectacular. The suite was lovely. A seating area, a double bed, plasma screen, large bathroom with tub and shower. Three huge windows with views from the Golden Gate to the Bay. They brought us free tea to drink in the suite on arrival. The concieage reccomened the best eating areas for dinner and provided us with a free Mercedes S Class limo to ferry us around town. He dropped us off at the restaurant and picked us up later. Nice touch. The next morning the conciage suggested a nice place to get Sunday Brunch, and it was great. Very helpfull people. When we checked out after a two night stay we left our un stamped post cards in the room. I called the hotel and they put stamps on an mailed them Free. I thought this was a nice gesture. Overall San Fran has many nice hotels, but I can't think of a simple one that is both Five Star and has these views. It is expensive, but deals are to be had. Or you could book a standard room and ask for a free upgrade, maybe slip the front desk staff a $20 bill, and see what happens. Usually works for us.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Minibarmuncher
<Content>One of the best in SF We stay here each December over the holidays and it never disappoints. Professional and courteous service, superb views (especially during the holidays) and nice rooms (although the bathrooms are starting to get a little dated). Great hotel...best in the City.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eastbayboy
<Content>The Best Service Ever!! I booked a room at the Mandarin Oriental for my post-engagement proposal night with my new fiance. I reserved a Executive Corner City View room, but was generously upgraded to a room with views of both bridges. I needed time to set up the room, so I was allowed to check in at 1pm which was integral for my evening plans.Once I arrived, the staff was excellent the entire time. The complementary tea in the room was a great touch. I mentioned in my reservation that we were getting engaged, so a beautiful box of chocolates with a congratulations label was left for us. The service that we enjoyed was far superior to the Omni and Fairmont that we've frequented in the past.The hotel is expensive, but for special nights, you should definitely splurge and stay at the MO.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mrwatson
<Content>Elegant and perfectly Asian hotel If you've stayed at a high end hotel in Asia you'll know what I mean. The MO is all quiet, discrete but perfect service. The room was nice, a bit small and oddly laid out (I couldn't tell from the exterior but there must be some odd angles to the building).Nice lobby bar with a good selection of food/drinks. Handy location to business in the financial district as well as the Ferry Building and the Embarcadero.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>calisunkid
<Content>Great Hotel, loved the views This hotel is a very nice place to stay for anyone. We stayed in the Taipan suite and it was fabulous. As nice a room as you will find anywhere. The terrace was nice but it was cloudy on the days we were there. How unfortunate but I suppose these things happen. The front desk was in shambles though, I waited a long time to check in and they just seemed to lack confidence in what they were doing. Perhaps some training? The front desk is the first and last impression you will have, It鈥檚 just a shame to have someone leave with a bad thoughts about such a great property. Try the restaurant it is very good. The location wouldn't be that great if you were a tourist but my husband had meetings all day so it worked out well for us. Definitely worth your time and money.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	2	5	3	

<Author>Marta Hari
<Content>Fantastic Views This hotel is in the heart of the Financial District. It occupies the 38th to 48th floors of a block and therefore has fantastic views. We had a bayview room and spent ages just looking out of the window. The hotel supplies binoculars.Service was impeccable, jasmin tea in your room on arrival and assistance with anything you needed. Easy walk to ferry terminal and famers market and Chinatown and well connected for transport elswhere.If 2 people are staying more than one night maybe a king size room would be better but we were only there for one night and the queen size was fineBeautiful bathroom too, stuffed wilth Molton BrownCouldn't fault it  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>mguest
<Content>Wonderful Stay My husband and I recently stayed at the MO for two nights in celebration of our 16th wedding anniversary. It was our first stay at a MO property and I booked a Bay View King room via the hotel's website and opted for the rate that included daily breakfast. Our stay was wonderful from the moment we arrived at the hotel's entrance (not that hard to spot as there is a large red banner with Mandarin Oriental on it) until we left two days later. The front door staff were welcoming, the front desk staff were very friendly, competent, and gracious (I liked that they asked what time turn down service should be scheduled), and the concierges were very pleasant and helpful. We stayed in Room 4805 (the hotel's top floor) and were afforded an amazing view of the Golden Gate Bridge, the Bay Bridge, the Transamerica Building, and Alcatraz. The room and bathroom were clean although the Molton Brown (sp?) toiletries' scents were a bit overpowering and the towels were not very fluffy or thick as you would expect from a luxury hotel. It was nice that the windows opened and the settee and binoculars were a perfect combo! The room service staff and meals (we had two breakfasts and one late dinner) were all delicious, promptly delivered by friendly staff, cooked just right, and well presented too. Every time we passed by the front desk, the staff always said hello and even knew our names! The tea service that is presented upon check-in is a gracious touch and we also received a delicious box of chocolates from the hotel to celebrate our anniversary - very appreciated! We frequently stay at Relais  Chateau properties when traveling overseas and the MO's setting, amenities, high caliber of staff, meals, thoughtfullness, and welcome setting are on par with RC properties. We'll be traveling to Tokyo next month and we will definitely consider staying at the MO's Tokyo property based on our recent stay at the MO San Francisco. Thank you for such a nice stay!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Quagm1re
<Content>Great hotel, made unbeatable by the staff This was our second stay at the mandarin oriental and we weren't disappointed. We booked a bridge to bridge room and it was worth the money on the view alone. I do not think there is a finer view anywhere in San Francisco and I think the view from this particular room even beats that of the more expensive bay bridge room we stayed in last time.As you would expect for this standard of hotel the quality of the room and amenities was first rate. The furnishings are exquisite and give a real flavour of the orient. However the one thing that really sets this hotel apart are the staff. Their ability to make you feel welcome and special is unrivalled by anywhere else I have stayed in the world. They are clearly highly trained and have an almost unnerving talent for anticipating your needs. Goven the choice I will not stay anywhere else in San Francisco.Negatives - if I must nitpick i suppose the food and drinks are expensive, but then again would you expect anything else??  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BuryFoodLover
<Content>An above average hotel with exceptional views       Walkway on the 48th floor  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	2	3	5	

<Author>Debster48
<Content>Not a good place to get married! I recently attended my son's wedding at the Mandarin Oriental. The rooms were beautiful -- as a room should be at prices in excess of $300.00/night. The problem was in the dealings with the hotel management. We found them to be inflexible in every way. The wedding took place on a beautiful terrace overlooking the city of San Francisco. After the reception, the professional photographer wanted to take some twilight photos of the bride and groom on the terrace. Unfortunately, the door to the outdoor terrace had been locked, and the hotel representative was unwilling to unlock the door for photographs because, it was not in the original contract. This wedding cost well over $20,000, including 8 rooms that were reserved for guests, and my son was charged additional fees for every slight change that was made to the original reservation. There was also an issue involving the suite that my son had originally reserved for his wedding night. He had selected a specific suite because of the view; however, the hotel gave the suite to another guest who wanted to stay in the room for a longer period of time. My son and his bride were given a less desireable room on the other side of the hotel. We were disappointed that the Mandarin Oriental was so unaccommodating when so much money had been spent for this special occasion. Beautiful hotel, but very expensive and inflexible.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>daratillot
<Content>great view, pretty good service, tired and dirty room We booked the Bay view room. It had a spectacular view of the bay, the Golden Gate bridge and Alcatraz. The room itself was kind of tired. The bathroom was small, had one sink, and didn't feel fresh or particularly clean. It felt old, and the water pressure in the shower was a joke, beyond water saver and into water miser. The service was mixed, some great (room service) and some not so great (front desk.) It definitely wasn't worth the price tag.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	1	5	5	

<Author>TravelBoulder
<Content>Great Stay The Mandarin Oriental, San Fran is just simply awesome. I was there with family and we had two rooms on the 42nd Floor. One was a Bridge to Bridge booked through AMEX platinum, so it included a meal credit for $40, which was nice.So here is the low down:LOCATION:It is in the financial district. Not great for tourist. Totally dead at night. You can walk to Chinatown but I recommend taxi at night to anywhere.CHECK-INQuick and easy. They offered us complimentary tea in our room when we arrived at 4:00 pm. The tea arrived with almond cookies around 20 minutes after we were in room. It was nice to relax and sip tea.ROOMSpacious, especially the Bridge to Bridge. Great views. Nice bathtub. Very skimpy on the toiletries. Great bed. Nice 42in Flat ScreenGYMVery small, 4 treadmills and some machines. Nothing special.Overall it was a great stay. IN a different league than the Omni around the corner where I stayed on previous visit.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>bule1101
<Content>Good, but not great... A very nice hotel, by any standards. Very nice rooms and great views. But its not up to par to other Mandarin hotels we visited (Prague, Miami, Munich)... The service was average with no real care or attention... The location is also just ok, but its quite a walk to any sights or shopping...Will choose the Four Seasons or St Regis for our next stay as they are closer to the action...  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	2	5	

<Author>twoginsonetonic
<Content>If you're going to San Francisco... I should have known from the outset when reservations at first agreed and then refused to honour this Mandarin Oriental's stay two nights get one free deal with American Express Centurion - apparently because the room category which we wished to book was too high. As well documented, the hotel occupies the upper levels of a tower block. First impressions were not good - the lobby is dark and shabby and light years away from other Mandarins such as in Miami. Things did not improve when we entered our Dynasty Suite - the rooms were dark and the layout not at all attractive. Whilst the soft furnishings had supposedly recently been upgraded, the decor in the two bathrooms was shocking - poor lighting, seventies' style mini tiles in the shower and the shower head height located somewhere around my chest. On our floor at least, the rooms were laid out in a barbell with approximately six in a cul de sac formation at each end of the hotel. This very quickly became an issue when we became aware of the sound proofing in the suite - there is none. With our bed headboard adjacent to the hallway door, we were consistently bombarded by the thud of bedroom doors slamming closed. Having just arrived from a transatlantic flight, we were looking forward to relaxing and catching up on some sleep on the first few days of our vacation - forget it. The non-stop din of housekeeping and other guests coming and going ensured that we left shattered after three days of disrupted sleep. The dining room, where we had breakfast, continued to same dark and tired theme perpetuated throughout the property.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>mushmouser
<Content>Beautiful hotel I'm a local to the SF Bay area and have stayed here twice (July 08  Nov. 05) with visiting out of town family. We have all enjoyed it greatly both times. My family stays at many up scale resorts and hotels and raves about this place and I agree with them. Each time we stayed, the rooms were a bit different. We got 2 rooms, adjoining, each time. One for my sis and hubby and one for me and their kids (I'm fill in nanny when they go on vacation...). Their rooms were always nicer than the kid's room, but even the kid's room was superb. The views each time awesome; the master bath astounding, most recently with a bathtub that overlooked the city. The tea upon arrival most inviting and soothing (hot chocolate was provided for the kids and was some of the best we've had). Have a drink in the bar - they have some very tasty and original cocktails. We did not hear any noise either stay. And, yes, it is dead in the financial district on the weekends and after 7 or 8 during the week. If you're into nightlife, take a cab or the hotels complimentary shuttle, if available. Everyone should stay here at least once. It is a little pricey, but worth it in every way.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Spacrawler
<Content>Great rooms, great views! I recently spent three nights at the Mandarin Oriental for a quick leisure trip to San Francisco. I spent many hours trying to decide where to stay. On my last trip in June I chose the Four Seasons; it was a superlative experience and a good value to boot. But I wanted something different. I originally booked the St. Regis, but the numerous Trip Advisor comments about noise worried me; the location of the Ritz Carlton does not appeal to me, so sort of by default that got me to the Mandarin Oriental.After reading all the reviews of this property, I can say that I understand both the positive and the negative comments. No hotel is perfect (or at least I haven't been there yet!), so it really depends on what you value for your money. Let me start with the positives.1. As everyone says, the view is unbeatable. I had an executive king with a view south and west. I could see some of the Bay Bridge, but very little of the Golden Gate. If that view is important to you, you need to book a higher category room. Expect to pay $100-200 more per night for that privilege. And, as others have noted, there is no guarantee that you will have that view if there is thick fog, as there was for most of my stay.2. I loved the layout and decor of the room. In fact, I was shown a bridge to bridge room and a Mandarin king (the pricey one) and the living area in my room was more spacious. The color scheme (red, gold, white) is cheerful yet soothing. The furnishings, art work, throw pillows, bamboo plant, sheer blinds, etc. are all lovely. The bed linens were top of the line, really, really silky smooth. Great air conditioning, although I'm not sure I really needed it in the chilly August fog. 3. The hotel is very quiet for a big city. I think being on the 41st floor keeps out a lot of street noise. I heard doors in the halls, but not people, even on a fully booked Saturday night. There are only about 15 rooms per floor, divided by the walkway, so there just aren't that many guests to make noise. Now for the not so good.1. As a luxury hotel bathroom junkie, the M.O. was a bit disappointing. Mine was a bit small, with a very narrow tub. There are appeared to be three types of wall covering, the ugliest of which is in the separate shower. In the other rooms I saw the walls of the separate shower were marble where mine was just ugly yellow tile. The Mandarin King bath with the tub by the window is lovely, but it does not compare to the bath at the Four Seasons. The towels were a bit scratchy and I didn't care for the toiletries. I went from two bathmats on the first day, to one on the second to none of the third. Housekeeping must have forgotten. But the room itself was super clean.2. The public areas of the hotel are sort of dark and pretty small. I don't spend time in public areas, so this didn't matter to me. But the appeal of the hotel is on the upper floors. It's really too bad that Silks has no natural light windows because it is a pretty space.3. I was on a breakfast package so I had two meals in Silks and one from room service. They were okay. Be aware that you are kept to a $32 per per person maximum for the package. At the Four Seasons they just paid whatever I spent (one breakfast upwards of $50). 4. For the non-smokers: this hotel is pretty lax about smoking in rooms. I was told the only floor where smoking was allowed was on the 48th, but there was definitely a fresh cigarette smell in my 41st floor room on Saturday night. One of the staff told me that they don't charge people for smoking in non-smoking rooms as there are a lot of Asian and European clients who smoke. I found this annoying.5. No wifi the rooms, ethernet connection only. Not enough information about TV channels and no info on PPV. 6. The staff did not impress me much. Check in was chaotic -- the person serving me seemed not to know what she was doing, and there was a problem processing my credit card. It turns out it was the M.O. system and not my card, but the 15 minutes spent trying to figure this out was embarassing and annoying. I found the breakfast server unfriendly.But these negatives do not outweigh the positives, and all things considered, I would definitely stay here again. The price was reasonable for a luxury hotel in one of the world's greatest cities, and I really, really loved the room. The pictures posted on trip advisor and on the hotel website are accurate. Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	-1	3	

<Author>KathyOxfordEngland
<Content>Loved the Mandarin We stayed here for three nights with our two teenage children and five year old at the start of our tour of the Californian coast. What a stunning start to our holiday!When we arrived we were met on the steps as we stepped out of our taxi by a young lady who addressed us by our names. She whisked us past the check in desk, straight up to our rooms, and we checked in from there. There was plenty of water for us after our flight, we were offered tea, and there were cookies for the children. The rooms were so beautiful and the VIEW.... well it was staggering.While we were there everyone was so kind and helpful to us. We chatted to the doormen a few times and they went out of their way to help us, it was the same with everyone. They all had a genuine smile for us, it was wonderful.We had a drink in the bar, that was a lovely experience. We had breakfast in Silks which was very nice although quite expensive.One warning - nothing to do with the hotel but on Saturday night it seems like everything in this district is closed. Even McDonalds, can you believe it! We wanted a simple meal out and couldnt find one on foot that didnt involve seafood. We gave up and found a Subway open near the Ferry Building in the end, and walking around at that time of night in an empty neighbourhood was not a great experience. I think it is probably better in other parts of the city to wander at night.Anyway - brilliant hotel, I would recommend it to everyone.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tziambra
<Content>Lives up to its reputation! We wanted to stay at a nice hotel in SF and we decided on the Mandarin Oriental, though usually, we try the Four Seasons. We were told by friends that live there that the Four Seasons was in a not very nice area so we settled on the Mandarin Oriental. The service was superb, as expected, very professional and friendly, from the check-in to the concierge and everybody else. The room was very nice, decorated with an Asian touch but modern (mentioning this cause the Oriental in Bangkok was a bit too much for me), the bathroom was huge and had Molton Brown products and the best part was the view. Even though we were not on the best side of the hotel in terms of the view, it was still pretty breathtaking. I loved the small things that make the difference, they brought us tea upon arrival in this perfect looking basket, the room had a flat screen TV and a DVD player so we got a movie to watch on Sunday night. The only thing that I found annoying was the parking, of course there is a garage but it is 50 USD per night, I guess to be expected in that city but I still thought it was a lot. During the weekend, you can park on the street but not on weekdays. We managed to park in another garage for 30 USD, a few blocks away.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sccarlin
<Content>what a view! Fabulous views from the 38th floor and up. Very comfortable rooms. Very good, friendly service. Very expensive though. Hotel parking at $45 a night?! Come on. Hotel itself needs some refurbishing.elevators and acrpets look a little worn.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Critical_Mind
<Content>Perfect We stayed at the Mandarin in San Fran twice - at the beginning and at the end of our trip to the US West Coast. The service - starting from the check-in to the cleaning service - was impeccable, smooth and just perfect. Upon arrival, we checked into a stunning room which had wonderful views across the bay, the Golden Gate bridge and the City. Fantastic facilities. We were greeted with fresh jasmine tea and biscuits.The Hotel's facilities are good - it lacks a health club unfortunately - but we were more than compensated by the service and the room.In particular, Mandarin's concierges are superb. They will go that extra mile to make your stay special. Not only did we receive fantastic recommendations for restaurants (Chaya), they also provided a gift wrapping service and much more.Overall, the staffs' attention to detail is striking and I cannot false the hotel in any way. Make sure you get a room with a view over the bay.Quick summary:Location - very good - you can reach the waterfront, Union Square and Nob Hill in no timeFacilities - good (no health club/spa, but there is one across the street which you can access)Atmosphere - good (it is a business hotel)Service - outstandingRooms - outstanding  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>miller041
<Content>Truly a Five Star Hotel -Service is Impeccable We loved everything about this hotel. The room had all of the usual perks: the fabulous sheets and tasteful furnishings of a 5 star hotel, but what really set this hotel apart was the amazing service and fabulous views.The view from our room and from the hallways leading to our room on the 48th floor were worth the price alone. The location was within easy walking distance to the wonderful Saturday Farmer鈥檚 market at the Ferry Building (go early and follow the line of people headed for the homemade Mexican breakfast on the back side of the market). The California line of the cable car line is just down the block, pay $11 each and ride to the end of the line and back as many times as you want just for the experience, fun to do very late at night. And a taxi was rarely more than $10 from this hotel to places in town. Deserves every one of its five stars for the accommodating staff.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KAPaul
<Content>Go to the Fairmont!! I expected alot more from this Mandarin. Management had absolutely no regard for the patrons. They closed the lounge on a Friday nite for a private party without any prior notice to guests and summarily told us to get out. They made no attempt at satisfying us with anything. All we got were a bunch of Im sorry's. Only two elevators and the whole time we were there one or the other was out. Expect a 10 -15 minute wait to get a ride up or down. Do yourself a big favor and, for the money you are spending, go to the Fairmont.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>adamunc
<Content>Perfect Perch for July 4 Fireworks Stayed here two nights over July 4 holiday weekend in a Bay View Queen, which was a steal at $295 per night. The queen rooms aren't huge, but are certainly comfortable enough and the bathrooms are quite large even in this smaller room category. The absolutely spectacular view, taking in the greatest hits of San Francisco--Transamerica Pyramid, Coit Tower, Alcatraz, and the Golden Gate--makes the room feel larger. From my room, I could lie in bed and look at the GG in the distance. I also had a perfectly-framed view of the fireworks down at the Embarcadero. The lobby is smallish, but the greeting staff is top-notch and you will feel like a cherished guest every time you enter or exit. The lounge is just off the lobby and can't quite escape its '80s layout, but there is a great deal of seating so you could usually get a quiet table. Bar staff is professional and attentive. Dinner at Silks, tucked away by itself on the 2nd floor, was a relaxed, calming, and delicious evening. The restaurant's more of a lunch spot, so evenings tend to be quiet. The chef's tasting menu was wonderfully creative and had four well-sized courses plus three amuse-bouche servings, including a post-dessert combo of hot chocolate and bitter German beer that was an innovative meal-ender. I had figured the price was so good on the holiday because of the Financial District location being a bit off the usual tourist path. However, I found the location to be quite convenient. It was a five-minute walk from the Montgomery St. BART station, a ten-minute walk from the Ferry Building [you must try Cowgirl Creamery], and ten-minute walk [straight up] to Nob Hill. If you're a hotel junkie like me, you can explore the Fairmont [lethal rum drinks at the Tonga Room], the Mark Hopkins, the Ritz-Carlton, and the Huntington all in one easy loop once on Nob Hill. Other SF must-dos: Dinner at Gary Danko will leave you reaching for superlatives; Cafe Claude is a nifty French bistro on the edge of Chinatown; a bay cruise under the Golden Gate bridge is awe-inspiring.All in all, even with the many great hotels in SF, I would feel very comfortable returning to the Mandarin Oriental. The complimentary basket of green tea and cookies on arrival set a welcoming tone that continued through my stay. As some others have commented, there was often a wait for an elevator, but that's the only negative comment I have.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tigerider
<Content>Outsanding!! Visited this property for the first time on July 4th. The customer service was outstanding! From the moment we entered the small, welcoming lobby we were greeted and promptly helped. The staff was extremely polite and helpful.The room was amazing. Clean. Spacious. View. Bed. Shower. Everything. There was even a refreshing smell as you entered the room that was immediately noticed. Everything in the room was in great shape, perfectly placed and well decorated.Concierge was great helping us find a pub for dinner/drinks and brunch the next day. The only thing we noticed that seemed a distraction was the lack and speed of the elevators. There are only 2 that service the top floors where the hotel rooms are. They were busy and you had to wait a few minutes each way. But, in comparison to the other things this place offered.. it was nothing to worry about!Will return without question.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>insomniac06
<Content>Loved this place!       Bridge to Bridge room-breakfast  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bellgriffin
<Content>A GEM What more can you say about the best hotel in town.Everything a good hotel should do for its guests,but this hotel does it better. The staff treat you as family and good friends  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wiltshire_ukJonathan
<Content>Don't telll everyone!       Sunset  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Warwick1971
<Content>Brilliant It was the first stop of our my Honeymoon... booked on site and reviewed. It is expensive but if you can stretch the budget do it. We were on the 48th floor on a corner , the room was fab , staff , very helpful, friendly etc .I would really give this place 10 out of 10. , good central position also.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PoppyTT
<Content>Excellent Located in the CBD with fabulous views of the city.We stayed in a bridge to bridge view room on the 44th room. A luxury room with a big bathroom. Couldn't have asked for anymore!The staff were helpful and polite.Great place to stay!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DMH154
<Content>A view of the Bridge We have frequently flown to San Francisco this last year on family business. Of four hotels that we have stayed in we now have a strong preference for the Mandarin.The Mandarin takes up the top floors of one of the tallest buildings in San Francisco. If you stay there you are very likely to have a spectacular water view. That is something that is oddly difficult to find in San Francisco hotels.The service at the hotel is excellent-- fast, unpretentious, quiet and low key. The decor is understated, oriental influenced and well designed with an intelligent lay-out that contributes to the feeling of spaciousness.They handled our rental car quickly and efficientlyIn SF we have stayed at the Four Seasons, the Ritz Carlton and the Omni in the last year and liked all of them except the Four Seasons, (which is grim) but when we return, we intend to book at the Mandarin.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SaintKaz
<Content>Great Stay We stayed at the Mandarin Oriental SF for 2 days at the beginning of our trip to california . This was the 3rd Mandarin Oriental we have stayed at and like the other's it did not disappoint . One of the reasons we chose it was that as we were staying at a weekend it would be quiet in the financial District and we needed a couple of really good nights sleep to acclimatise to the different time zone. That is exactly what we did, the room was very quiet and the bed very comfortable. We stayed in a deluxe room and it was a good size and the bathroom was huge.All staff members we met were very helpful  friendly . Great views from the walkway.The only down side is at the weekends alot of the local restaurants  coffee shops are closed on the weekends, but on weekdays there are plenty of places to go .We would definitely stay here again .  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>soljc
<Content>First Class Service and Views Originally had a reservation for a Bay King room through the American Express Fine Hotel and Resort program (which would have been upgraded to the Bridge to Bridge room), but found the Seasonal Rate offered directly by the hotel for the Bridge to Bridge room was better, so cancelled AMX and booked directly with the hotel.Views from this room on the 44th floor were spectacular. The room itself was nicely furnished and the bathroom was clean and functional. Only minor complaint is that the bed was a bit soft for me although I'm not sure if it was due to its age or simply the style.Service as others have noted was absolutely first class. Loved the complimentary tea service, front desk, conceirge and valet were all great.The seasonal package provided a $32 credit per person for breakfast, which you'd think would cover a typical breakfast, but it didn't. I found myself going over by $10-15 each day for 2 of us. Food was very good except for the potatoes which were nothing more than diner style hash browns that were cold and tasteless on 2 separate tries. Ordered cream cheese for my bagel and was charged $3.00 for a scoop fitting a weight watchers program. $15 per day for internet access, but didn't need it as my Verizon wireless card worked just fine on the 44th floor.Those who appreciate good service or who want to stare out at Alcatraz or the surrounding areas will not be disappointed. If $3.00 cream cheese or $15 internet bothers you (and it rightfully might given their hotel rates), you may find some minor disappointment.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NYCBeachLover
<Content>Great views I escaped for one night to San Francisco to visit a friend and unwind, and the Mandarin definitely helped with unwinding with attentive staff and a luxurious room.The hotel is on top of an office building, on floors 40-48, and this means there are some amazing views, especially from the hallway connecting the 2 towers. My room was upgraded from a deluxe to executive deluxe simply by asking at check-in: weekends are slow at this business-oriented hotel. The upgrade meant I got a corner room with 3 large windows and lots of sunlight. Highlights of the room include an extremely comfortable bed and a large, flat-panel, HDTV with actual HD channels on the cable - something many hotels don't bother with. There's also a DVD player attached. The bathroom had a shower stall with great water pressure and a separate tub.Service from the staff was great, with a welcoming tea upon arriving in my room and a well-presented room service breakfast. Sight-seeing suggestions were well described and mapped out by the concierge.The main item lacking from the hotel is a spa. There is a moderate-sized workout room in the hotel, and diagonally across the street is a full-service gym and spa.The location is 2-3 blocks from BART, so access is easy from both Oakland and SFO airports via public transit.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tusters
<Content>Hotel staff can't be this good? Our first stop on a Californian tour in February was this hotel. We booked a twin bridges room, stunning views of the two bridges and the City, way up on the 42nd floor! Our first contact with the Hotel was with Michael Dunlap the Concierge, who planned our stay and eating.We eat at two awesome restaurants, did a touristy city tour, and just soaked up San Francisco from this magnificent and very comfortable hotel.Sure, it is expensive - but the staff genuinely smile with a warmth so special that you feel a million bucks! Nothing was too much trouble...... a great and very comfortable hotel  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Addison_texasWendyw
<Content>Loved the Mandarin Oriental Everything about the Mandarin Oriental hotel is service, service, service. This is the way all guests should be treated! Everyone we came in contact with associated with this hotel were friendly and extremely pleasant. The rooms were fine - loved the beds and linens. We had perfect weather which really added to the spectacular views from our room. If you have a fear of heights, this is not the hotel for you! I would not recommend eating dinner at Silks- was not impressed at all. It's fine for breakfast. We will defnitely stay here again!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>l2k
<Content>The best hotel I've stayed in while in SF I found myself in the financial district in San Francisco last weekend without a place to stay and was wandering near the Mandarin, so I stopped in to see what they had in terms of availability.In short, the entire experience was superb from the moment I approached the property to day I left. The doorman was courteous, the bellhop was friendly and the extremely helpful and professional receptionist had me in a room on the 45th floor in short order.Not only was the room fantastic - stunning view, comfortable and inviting bed, impeccable furnishings - the service was top notch as well. From chatting with me, the receptionist gathered I'd flown in recently and had the concierge contact me to inquire if I'd eaten. After telling him I had not, he quickly managed to procure a reservation for me at an amazing spot *and* got me great table as well (which I don't know how he managed, given the place was absolutely packed).Simply put, if you feel like being pampered, check out the Mandarin Oriental.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hou77019
<Content>My second stay in as many months       Welcome tea and almond cookies  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>buj94565
<Content>great hotel i stayed at the mandarin oriental on a friday night...check out their website...they might have weekend specials. anyway...i stayed so that i wouldn't have to drive home after theatre. the hotel is located in the heart of the financial district which is quiet on the weekends and it's within walking distance of sf's finest shopping...chinatown is within walking distance too... it isn't that close to the theatres...but...a short taxi ride. the room was incredibly clean and the furnishings were in very good condition. the bed was very comfortable, the room smelled fresh...not like lysol. the bathroom is marble with a shower ad tub. have you seen pic's of rooms that looked great...but...when you see the real room its shopworn and dingy around the edges...well...the mandarin was spotless. the view was spectacular...all the rooms start on top floors... parking was a bit pricy...but...very convenient.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>nephalion
<Content>Always a great stay...       View from the sky bridge...  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Statikfeed
<Content>Best Choice for Honeymoon The Mandarin is a wonderful hotel. My wife and I stayed there after getting married before leaving to Hawaii and we were treated very well. The staff is very attentive and the rooms are great. We stayed in the bridge to bridge room and it was a wonderful site. Very romantic and a great choice.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sfphotocraft
<Content>Simply - THE BEST! Boy, it's going to be tough to write this review. I am not sure I can gush enough about this fine hotel.When you drive up, the hotel is not overdone, it's simple. The hotel sent a car to the airport for us and the car alerted the hotel we were coming. The manager and a assistant greeted us on the sidewalk.Our check in was done in the room, we never had to stop by the front desk. Then hot tea arrived the room with Asian cookies. The kids had stuffed animals and baseball caps on their beds!We had two rooms, the larger room had a stunning bay view. Our bathroom had a tub that overlooked the bay. I can't tell you how relaxing it was to soak in a hot tub and have the whole city of San Francisco below you!This is one hotel I could just sit in the hotel room and never leave.The service is top rate. You don't have to ask for anything, some how the staff seems to understand what you need and they do cartwheels to make you happy. The staff in my view is one of the best group of hotel employees in the world.The concierge staff is the best in the world. They suggested restaurants and treated the kids like family. We were offered the hotel car for dinner and never had to get a cab to go anywhere.This is exactly what a dream hotel stay should be. Perfect rooms, wonderful views, attentive staff and San Francisco. I can't describe how perfect our stay at this hotel was....I can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ASWh
<Content>The best view in San Francisco To put it simply, the Mandarin Oriental is as good as its hype - if you're going to San Francisco it's really worth paying the extra. The view from our room on the 45th floor was simply the best view from a hotel I have ever had. We could see all the way from the Golden Gate Bridge round to Alcatraz, and from the sky bridge (which you cross when coming out of the lift) you can see the other side of the city too. Being used to staying in small hotels with no view whatsoever in New York, this was a real treat!The room has lovely facilities and a huge bathroom with a big bath (which makes a change from those small, shallow ones) with a separate shower cubicle. Nice comfortable bed and good (quiet) air con.Very nice service, although the restaurant was closed so didn't get a chance to try that out. Booked directly with the hotel website as that was the best rate.Will definitely stay here again when in San Fran, would miss the view too much to stay anywhere else!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ellablu
<Content>You'll love the attention to detall at the Mandarin Oriental.       Evening turndown service  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BerkshireMash
<Content>Superb views We stayed here on the last night of our trip from New York (we drove across, via Seattle) as we decided that we deserved some luxury after all those middle-of-nowhere motels! We booked a Bridge to Bridge room which had a 180 degree view from the Golden Gate to the Oakland Bay Bridge, and it really was amazing! The hotel itself is in the business district but the area had quite a lot of parking which was a bonus. We decided to take full advantage of our room so didn't venture out into the surrounding area, however as we were there on a Sunday night everything seemed very quiet when we drove in. The ground floor reception area is nice, clean, modern and well decorated with a very polite reception staff who booked us in quickly and with no fuss. The ground floor has a nice bar/lounge area where they serve lovely cocktails, a great variety of wines and delicious (complimentary) snacks of nuts and olives. I have to admit that my one reservation about staying here was also the main reason for the stay - the height. The room was on the 42nd floor which gave it such beautiful and stunning views (from the large windows as well as the glass walled corridors) but also meant a long elevator ride, which for a claustrophobic was quite a daunting prospect. Thankfully, the elevators are large and airey and speed directly to the 40th floor (they don't stop before this as the first 39 floors are offices) so the experience was pretty painless! The rooms themselves are wonderful with large, comfortable beds and sparkling, well laid out bathrooms. We ordered room service and spent the evening eating incredible stone baked pizzas and drinking champage whilst admiring the view and it is an experience I would highly recommend. The complimentary binoculars were very much appreciated and came in handy for zooming in on Alcatraz and the Bridges. All in all, this a wonderful place to stay, it's extremely comfortable and whilst it may be a little more expensive than other places the views make it worth every single penny. I would definitley recommend the Bridge to Bridge room for a great night!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>darlingisland2009
<Content>A fantastic hotel! Exceptional service I stayed at this hotel for four nights in October 2007. It is one of the best hotels available in terms of personal service.The location of this hotel is in the financial districts -- very close to most things. The entrance to the hotel is not exactly grand: it is after all not a huge property. But the rooms are lovely and spacious, mostly on high floors, with spectacular views towards the Golden Gate bridge and Alcatraz. The service is truly exceptional. The doorman recognises me and greets me by name each time I go through the front door, which is a nice touch. The gym is ... well, not so wonderful. It's small and tucked away in a room the size of a broom cupboard. But otherwise, delightful stay.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>spiderback
<Content>still the best in SF The MO San Francisco still rates a mostly five star rating from me. I always return because the hotel is subtle, quiet, great service, great views and food.Pros: Everythinga) check in flawlessb)views amazingc)quiet..............most SF hotels are noisier.d) tastefule}great food The only con is that the Mandarin Suite is next to the elevator. I have stayed in it now four times and I am lucky that the master bedroom is away from the elevator. Being noise prone, I am safely away from the elevator sound. The second bedroom is lovely but nearest to the elevator and with the proximity comes noise. Amongst all the others in SF, the MO is and has been for me always the best. Not to trash the others, in comparison to the Ritz (tired rooms with no views), the Four Seasons ( nice enough but with Hilton tendencies).........this is a lovely respite in SF.This is the best hotel in SF. The one bedroom suites are on higher floors with even better views.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tiev
<Content>Could not have Asked for More Where to start, everything about this hotel was wonderful. The front desk staff was charming and friendly. We had booked through American Express Fine Hotel and Resorts Program and received an upgrade from a bay view queen to an Executive Corner King. Staff sent up Jasmine Tea and a bottle of Cabernet within a few minutes of checking in. Turndown service was wonderful and was available until 9:30 at night, which was perfect for us since we were not meeting friends until 9. Every time you walked in or out they welcomed you. We had breakfast at Silks both days which was wonderful, they have a bunch of specialties everyone should try (the chicken hash was out of this world). We were fortunate and were on the top floor, the 48th, the views were out of this world. We had friends over who lived in San Francisco and they could not believe how far you could see. Everything about the room was top notch, flat screen TV, Molton Brown toiletries, sheets so soft that you didn鈥檛 want to get up. The immediate area is quiet on the weekend, but walk 5 blocks and you are at Union Square, Ferry building, etc. Overall, a top notch hotel, in a wonderful city.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>jackpalance
<Content>excellent only four days beautiful room with just incrededible service they even let us use the hotel car (lincoln) for short hops. just the best! if you can afford it . do it.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KHA1
<Content>Wow, what a Place!! Fantastic!! What a great place!! Everyone sooo friendly and nice. We had kids with us and they were most welcome. Brilliant views (3rd tallest building in SF) we could see the Golden Gate bridge from the bath tub!! Great Food! Good Service and a wonderful place to remember!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kimal
<Content>Mandarin Oriental was a perfect hotel! The service we received at the Mandarin Oriental was outstanding! Absolutely every employee we spoke with was extremely helpful and friendly. Our room was gorgeous overlooking the Bay Bridge. We were impressed with all of the details - from the slippers and bottled water left next to the bed, the lavendar satchets left on our pillows,and all of the wonderful amenities. We had breakfast in Silks, and thefood and service were exceptional. This was our second visit to the Mandarin Oriental in San Francisco, and we would highly recommend thishotel!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>baburshah
<Content>Perfection with an upgrade       Piece of antiques  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelingc0nsultant
<Content>Quite a disappointment I stayed for two nights during the Annual meeting of the American Dental Association. Because of the high rate of attendees in the city the hotel charged the full rack rate of $610.00 per night. For this we received a spectacular view but that is where the good things ended.We checked in and recieved the high end service of being called by name and escorted to the elevator by the lobby ambassadorShortly after check-in we ventured out for dinner. It took 35 minutes for the doorman to get a cab for us. We learned later that the hotel promotes a car service that they bill directly and as a result cabbies are reluctant to service them. What we discovered later was the car service, billed through them was double the price of booking it on your own.After returning from dinner we opened the door to our room and a tremendous amount of particles rained down upon us from the vvent located directly above the door. Our clothes literally looked as if we had been out in snow. The particles were also pulled through the room creating a layer of dust over everything.After many calls the manager came to the room and assured that this was a result of filters being changed that day and the particles were not harmful. He also assured us that the room would be thoroughly cleaned the next day. For our inconvenience we were to receive breakfast and an adjustment to our $610.00 rate. What we got was a basket of cold pastries, a pot of coffee and a $40.00 adjustment.My schedule requires travel 20 nights a month and I can assure you this property will never be on my list. High rates in San Francisco are understandable but calling my by name and escorting me to the elevator does not take the place of making things right when things go this wrong.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	2	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>MindWideOpen
<Content>MO compares favorably to Four Seasons        bath tub by the window  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ComputerMaverick
<Content>Incredible Hotel - it makes memories!       VIews from Room  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bertie
<Content>Good - but ........ The Mandarin Oriental was an interesting hotel. We sort of liked it, but didn't which seems rather vague I know! We stayed in a Bridge to Bridge room and our son was in a connecting Bay View Room. The rooms were great although a little small (long and narrow). The weather was not too good and we didn't really get the benefit of the fantastic views due to mist and fog, although this was nothing to do with the hotel!When we arrived we noticed that the lounge area was shrouded by black curtains as they were refurbishing the lounge. This was news to us and we hadn't been adivsed of this beforehand. We like to have a pre-dinner drink in a lounge so this was a disappointment to us as it was dim and gloomy.On two evenings we asked the front desk to book a restaurant for us. On both nights (although we were told verbally they had been booked) they hadn't which was rather disappointing and caused us a bit of hassle at the restaurants we thought we had booked.Finally, it was our wedding anniverary when we were there and this wasn't acknowledged either although our tour operator had told the hotel so. Pretty poor customer attention we thought.This may sound like doom and gloom but we are hoping that we were just unlucky, So don't be put off!! We like to give a balanced view, so there were good bits - good location, good bell boy and a brilliant view we are sure had the weather been on our side!!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>CitySlickerLondon
<Content>Another fantastic visit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My husband and I have just returned from another 4 days at the Mandarin. All I can say is WOW!! We opted for a different room this time, the Bay Bridge King as we found the Mandarin King a bit too pricey. Well the room certainly did not let us down. Once again it offered, a huge bedroom with wall to ceiling views of Coit Tower, Alcatraz and the Bay Bridge. The bed is unbelievably comfortable with plush down and comforter. The room is serviced twice daily and is absolutely immaculate. The bathroom towels are constantly replaced with fresh ones, morning and night. This hotel is marvelous, loosen the purse strings and enjoy its definatly worth it!!!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sandbridgers
<Content>Yes, we are Fans of the SF MO       View from our room!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yellowstoner
<Content>Great from start to finish This hotel made me soooo happy! We stayed there the last few days of more than a weeklong vacation and had already stayed in the Bellagio (Las Vegas) followed by two Best Westerns (California coast). Once our taxi pulled up to the Mandarin we didn鈥檛 have to lift a finger to do anything except hoist martinis and shop for a few days. I always consider it a good sign that while we pay the taxi driver, our luggage miraculously moves to the bell captain鈥檚 desk, and the front desk staff addresses us by name when we walk into the lobby. The service at the Mandarin was impeccable, the room was fabulous, the staff courteous and perfect. We had a bridge-to-bridge view room which allowed us to see the entire bay from the Bay Bridge to the Golden Gate. The only obstruction was the Transamerica Pyramid which was very close by. Our room was on a corner and had huge windows. You could lie in bed (watching the big flat-screen TV) and see the skyline. The one drawback to our type of room, high up with great views, was that no one wants to close their curtains. If you aren鈥檛 careful you can see other people in their rooms, and they can see you. This is just something to be aware of. I mean, the room comes with binoculars so it is no surprise that a bit of people watching occurs. The bathroom was quite nice. There was a volume control on the wall by the sink so you could hear the TV or CD player in the next room while in the bathroom. The speaker was under the sink. I have stayed in a lot of hotels, but I have never seen this feature before. The hotel had great towels, robes and slippers, and Caswell Massey toiletries. Like many nice hotels, the room included a complimentary umbrella to use while in town. These may seem like minor things, but they certainly cut down on the amount of stuff you have to pack. Overall, the room was pristine 鈥?it was like we were the first people to stay there. I always want a hotel to be so nice that I am tempted to stay in my room rather than go outside. This is definitely one of those hotels. I would go back again and again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HI_Nokaoi
<Content>One of the best hotel chains in the World I have had the pleasure of staying at three Mandarin Oriental Hotels around the World. They are one of the best in the world when it comes to service. I have been to their hotels in Oahu, and Hong Kong and if you have the opportunity to stay at a Mandarin Oriental book it, you will not be disappointed.The quality of service, the attention to detail and the comfort of the rooms are fantastic. The appetizers and drinks at the lobby bar are great. I took my wife here in the fall of 2006 and as mentioned several times the views from the sky bridge is breath taking. The fall is my favorite time of year to visit SF.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>die_urlauber
<Content>A great view is not everything... First the best: The overview was very great, from golden gate bridge to bay bridge, alcatraz in front, very very beautiful...The rest is not that, I expected from a hotel that price. A fire alert in the middle of the night and no one from the hotel was interested to tell us, if we have to go out or stay at our room at the 46th floor - high enough to get panicky a little bit - about fourty minutes later a fire fighter arrived an told us - on request - they don't know any fire, they don't know, where the alert comes from and they don't know, what to do. The hotel stuff was not interested in helping them or any other guests. The next morning the stuff at the reception nearly couldn't remind, that anything happened the night before. The stuff couldn't remind, that we had a reservation with romantic package - containing some champagne and breakfast - very ignorant.And the housekeeping wasn't interested in filling up the amenities for the second night. I don't mind, so we could clean our ears just the one day.All in all, we do not recommend the hotel, exept for the view.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	2	1	3	

<Author>SoCalBiztraveler
<Content>I am a Huge fan! I stay in this hotel quite often on business, but also use it for occasional leisure stays. Service is absolutely top notch, and I find one of the reviews below which says you are treated as number in a computer curious at the very least and downright slanderous at worst. The staff goes out of their way to address you by name and provide as much or as little service as you wish.The criticisms of the bathrooms, however, are quite accurate. They were not refurbished in the recent remodeling and should have been. (One pet peeve is that the towels are not as luxurious as other luxury hotels I have stayed in, but that's sort of a minor issue.)The only other criticism I have is that while the TV's have all been updated and are plasma screens, the hotel has no movies on demand (yet, I am told).Other than the above, you will find finely appointed rooms, friendly and accomodating staff, and some of the best food in the city at Silks, the onsite restaurant. While some below criticize the size of the public areas, you should keep in mind this is a boutique hotel with no more than 110 rooms. That is a plus if you are looking for excellent service, as the small size allows the staff to attend to the guests. The lounge and bar are well-appointed and service is phenomenal.Other criticize the small workout room, but the fact is, it is seldom used and it is like having your own personal gym. Moreover, passes to Equinox Health Club  Spa across the street are available, as well as passes to numerous other health clubs throughout the city.I have stayed in almost every other major hotel in the city, including the Ritz Carlton, the Omni and the Mark Hopkins. When given a choice, I always choose the Mandarin Oriental. It is simply the best hotel in the city.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>brunneng
<Content>Best views, nicest room - ever               
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Misha76
<Content>Loved my stay My boyfriend took me San Francisco for a romantic get away. From the moment we stepped into the hotel he had everything especially set up for us. Our incredible suite was perfect and he had the staff arrange pink rose pedals in a heart shape on top of the bed, so romantic. The view was amazing and the staff was wonderful. The bed was so soft and comfortable. Room service food is normally okay but here was fabulous. I love this hotel and will definitely come back. It is very pricey though so to have this experience you might want to keep that in mind but WORTH EVERY PENNY.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>oceankayaker7
<Content>Perfect Birthday weekend       needs no explanation  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traveller016
<Content>Fantastic Stay at the Mandarin Oriental               More photos  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CaLove_travelling
<Content>Anniversary Spot Absolutely beautiful. Awesome location. Nice food. Service is good. Room size is little small. I would recommend it for a romantic getaway.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lost_in_translation
<Content>a view that can't be beat Stayed for 8 nights on a trip partly for a job-related conference. The bridge to bridge view was breathtaking-coming back from a full day of activities and seeing the awesome landmarks of the city in a comfortable, quiet and well appointed room can't be beat. The staff was top notch and at a 5 star level.As far as criticism, I didn't mind the decor as it still looks in good taste and not tacky in any way. There is no good bar or lounge in the hotel, but my spouse and I were happy to explore the city for restaurants and bars. The atmosphere feels private and secluded which was fine with us. However, some may feel that they want more character. There are a variety of high end hotels in this tourist oriented city, but we would be delighted to stay here again on our next trip...  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gruver
<Content>Five Stars ... BUT I stayed in a bayview queen in February 2007. People gripes and compliments regarding this hotel are both actually pretty accurate. This is essentially a boutique property, with a small lobby, lounge and restaurant on the first two floors of a high rise, with the rooms at the top of the tower.The public areas are small, and good looking enough, but for some reason feel very impersonal, and lack lounging space.The rooms, while not large, are not too small, but are beautifully decorated in a mixture of European and Asian furniture. The bedrooms are essentially like jewel boxes in the sky, and the views are breathtaking. The bathrooms, as other have noted, look a bit worse for the wear, but have a separate soaking tub and shower, which seems to be where the 5 stars try to break from the 4 star chain hotels. The baths, while spotless, apparently were not renovated with the rest of the rooms ... they have that glamorous 1980s look -- chunky beige and pink marble with gold fixtures. I suspect the baths have had little change since the hotel opened in 1987.The service, as one anticipates, was very, very good -- from the welcome tea service to the friendly and informative desk and door people. All in all, this is a 5 star hotel, but one that disappoints slightly. If you want a nice room with a great view, don't hesitate to book here. If you want the whole 5 star package, look at other hotels.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NVRam123
<Content>Great service We stayed at the Mandarin for a special occassion and found the service to be absolutely top notch. The restaurant was wonderful (we planned a special dinner), the corner suite was spectacular, and the concierge was beyond helpful. My whole party-6 rooms-were all very impressed by the level of service that the Mandarin gave. We would stay there again without hesitation.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Elysia
<Content>Not up to the standard of Mandarin New York The arrival experience at the Mandarin SF is disappointing. The lobby and lobby lounge area are quite small, pokey and tired. Very similar oriental decor to the old Mandarin Hong Kong but without the scale of the space. The reception staff were, however, extremely welcoming and informative. The staff and service were generally one of the high points of the stay. The public areas really are a huge disappointment. The carpet designs are particularly jarring - lacking any finesse or subtlety. A pity that the design of the refurbishment did not emulate the contemporary design of the new Landmark Mandarin or The Mandarin New York.The good points about this hotel include the views and the room size. We had a corner suite facing away from the harbour. I'm sure the suites that face onto the harbour are quite amazing. Having windows on two sides of the room really gave the suite a feeling of spaciousness and lightness. The decor looks dated even though this room was recently refurbished. The bathroom is a disappointment - reasonable in scale but again shabby. On turning on the water the shower head fell off the wall causing water to flood into the room. This required us to change to another room and the staff were prompt and courteous in finding another room. One interesting and welcome feature was the ability to open the window to obtain fresh air - yes and on level 44 of the tower ! Scary. The room service was amongst the best we had ever had and reminded me of the superlative cuisine of the Mandarin Hong Kong (not the Mandarin Landmark). We had breakfast in the restaurant, Silks, on the lower level of the tower. Such a shame that it doesn't have the amazing views of the rooms.All these criticisms apart we did enjoy our stay and found the location quite central and convenient. We have found the Mandarin Oriental hotels to be of quite varying standards. The Mandarin New York is by far the best we have stayed at. The Landmark Mandarin Hong Kong has a superlative contemporary room design. The Mandarin London is one hotel I'd rather forget ! The Mandarin San Francisco is really a little ho-hum.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Critical_But_Fair
<Content>Not a FAN As another reviewer commented, this hotel has no soul. It is stale. The lobby area (including what is alleged to be a bar) is lame, lame, lame. Except for the congenial service from staff and the great views from the upper level rooms, there is no reason to stay at this hotel.To be fair, I received excellent service from every employee. I was impressed. But, excellent service does not overcome a physical plant that requires major updating, from the public areas, to the small and inadequate workout room, to the bathrooms in the guest rooms. My room was nicely appointed and enjoyed a great view, but the bathroom was tired and dingy.For $450/night, this is not a good value. I will never stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	4	5	2	

<Author>jjr951
<Content>great view but soulless Recommended to stay at the Mandarin for our first time in San Francisco. I was looking forward to the experience as I have been to the Mandarin in Hong Kong many times.Arrived 8.30 pm Saturday. Hotel in the middle of the business district....just office blocks.Good welcome but noone else around in the lobby. Asked to know what time the restaurant was open till and told no restaurant at the weekends !!!!! I mean this is the Mandarin in San Francisco and no restaurant !Told that we could have a snack at the bar up to 9pm or have room service.The barman told us that the hotel only comes to life in the weekdays.Room was great...big bed, great views.Decided to quit San Francisco after 1 day and go to L.AWould have stayed longer but the hotel was just so lacking in atmosphere. Breakfast was good, but the room was dark and uninviting.Great hotel if you are doing business downtown, but if you are a traveller on vacation chose somewhere else.The staff were excellent, concierge was terrific but the hotel lacked any soul.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	2	5	4	5	5	

<Author>DRMEngland
<Content>A great hotel with amazing views An excellent hotel. We stayed on the 42nd floor with fantastic views of the bay. There was of course no traffic noise. The service was of a very high standard.The lobby was rather cold and lacking in atmosphere but that would not stop us staying at the hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>QTC
<Content>Very standard I'm used to stay at the European boutique hotels so I find that this one is as charming as a boiled potatoe. Yes, the views are great and the rooms huge but the furnishing was absolutely vulgar. It has no atmosphere, the guests are threated like numbers in the computer of the front desk!I'm not saying that this is a bad hotel, it is quite good actually, but don't expect to find the best hotel in the USA, simpli it is not  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>huhjinny
<Content>EXCELLENT Hotel!! We had a Wonderful stay at this hotel. The staff was amazing. Very helpful and kind. This is the Best service we've had!!! Also the room was great- very clean, great view!!Highly Recommended!!!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Snidle
<Content>Perfect stay in San Francisco Stayed at the Mandarin Oriental October 17-21. My wife and I were taking encaustic art classes in the Bayview district and wanted a base to hit restaurants after classes. Decided to try the Mandarin to see if the reputation is warranted. We have been to San Francisco several times at the usual highly rated hotels. The Mandarin was such a delightful experience. We can't stop praising the attentive yet unobtrusive staff at this smaller hotel. We had a corner room on the 41st floor that overlooked the Golden Gate Bridge and you felt like you could touch the pyramid as you looked out past the tower onto Alcatraz. Our last night we experienced the famous fog as it rolled in and gently engulfed the city. We didn't want to leave the room. Used room service one afternoon to catch the Cardinals in the Series and they did a spectacular job. A slight wine error was promptly and graciously repaired to our benefit. The rooms are recently renovated and are lovely. Having the city as your nightlight is priceless. We shall gladly return.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jah123
<Content>One of the best hotels is the US I have stayed in this hotel since it opened almost 20 years ago. First (and best) are the views since the hotel starts on the 39th floor. Either the Bay Bridge or GoldenGate Bridge (and sometimes both) are visible from almost every room. Both in the morning and at night the views are the best of any hotel in the US (even better than NYC). The rooms have been redone and now have plasma TVs. The staff is very helpful and the welcoming tea after clearing the SFO airport hassle is always nice. The hotel restaurant Silks is excellent and within a 5-10 minute walk are many of the best restaurants in SF. The restaurants in the Ferry Building nearby offer great food and a spectacular view. Lastly, the hotel is convenient to most meetings and to jogs or walks along the Embarcadero. My favorite city hotel in the US!!!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MattDrewry
<Content>Fantastic !!! This has got to be one of the finest hotels I have ever stayed in. The rooms are beautiful, the staff bend over backwards to help, the dining is divine. Nothing short of 5 stars all round. Why waste your time staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hobe8000
<Content>First Class We stayed at the Mandarin for the last two days of our wine country vacation before flying back to the east coast. The hotel staff was very eager and helpful. The room was fantastic, complete with Plasma TV and the most comfortable bed I have slept on in a hotel. Room was beautiful and so was the view. A memorable ending to a wonderful getaway.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>sanfranscott
<Content>Great view but not on par with the competition We recently spent the weekend at the SF Mandarin Oriental. While the view and room were very nice the room service, food, and overall experience was not on par with other 5 star locations like the Ritz Carlton or St. Regis. If there were a rating for room service food I would have to give it a 1 star. I've had better food at low end hotels. The front desk staff was cordial but cold. We actually had to dig at them to get details on the package we purchased for our stay. If all you're looking for is view and quiet, this is your place. If however you want the total 5 star experience you're better off going to the Ritz Carlton in SF or Half Moon Bay.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>Dudega1
<Content>Great Views, Great Hotel I had the pleasure of staying here for a few days and must say that this is one of the better hotels in the country. I was in room 3905 which had a great view of the golden gate bridge in the background. Staff can't do enough for you, they always call you by name. Didn't eat in the hotel restaurant Silks, but everything else in the hotel is top notch. They had a good rate of $395 a night for a room which normally sells for $610 a night.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pointfermin
<Content>More than just a great view! The Mandarin Oriental is a lovely, class act in the heart of San Francisco's financial district, where most other hotels are thoroughly dull. Since the hotel occupies the top floors of one of the tallest skyscrapers in town, a principal selling point is the stunning view [it is a bit bizarre to find oneself looking DOWN at the facade of Grace Cathedral atop nearby Nob Hill]. One advantage to the elevation is blessed silence, not a virtue to be taken lightly in San Francisco: at the Mandarin Oriental, you don't need to worry about cable cars rumbling past your window, or garbage trucks groaning up San Francisco's steep hills.We stayed in a Mandarin King. These are spacious, comfortable and beautifully decorated; with plenty of room for the roll-away for our daughter. The bathrooms are enormous, with tubs next to the windows, so you bathe with a view. Service is impeccable. A butler delivered soft drinks for my wife and me, and milk and cookies for our daughter, minutes after we checked in, and gratis. When I asked for directions to Restaurant Gary Danko, near Ghirardelli Square, the concierge arranged for transportation in the hotel's complimentary chauffered car. Breakfast, which came with the seasonal choices package, was served in the restaurant downstairs (we could also have arranged room service), and was excellent.We are relatively old fashioned, and usually opt for smaller, boutique hotels in San Francisco. But for our detour into highrise modernity, the Mandarin Oriental was most impressive. The MO is a superb hotel in every respect.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TeamS
<Content>Sky High My wife, 4 month old, and I just stayed at the Mandarin with the romance package for 2 nights. It was an excellent stay all around - we were on the 48th floor with views from the Golden Gate all the way past the Bay Bridge. Crib was provided with great amenities for new parents and it received its own turn-down service. The bathrooms windows over the tub made for great baths and overall the stay was just fantastic. Silks, the hotel restaurant, was very understanding in providing room service due to baby issues, and the staff were prompt, courteous, and always friendly. Highly recommended, this is our 2nd favorite hotel in the world (Peninsula Bangkok still rules).  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sally6
<Content>The Best! We stayed at the Mandarin Oriental for 2 nights in July.We were upgraded to a Bay View Room that was fabulous! Asian decor - with amazing views. Upon entering the hotel all the staff were fabulous! Bell hop, valet, front desk, and concierge. Very pleasant, attentive and helpful in every way. We were made to feel so special with the staff always greeting us.We didn't want to leave!Great comfortable bed in the room- with top of the line amenities in the bathrooms.We loved the location- were able to walk to many of the best restaurants- Boulevard, Slanted Door etc.We ate breakfast in the restaurant every morning- and it was great!If you are looking for a 5 star hotel in San Francisco, with wonderful service and great accomodations - then this is the only place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do great views make a great hotel? We stayed at the Mandarin Oriental for the first two nights of a summer holiday. This was our first stay at a Mandarin Oriental, and we had high hopes for the rooms, the service and the overall ambiance. The newly remodeled rooms are beautiful: the modern Asian feel of the furnishings combined with big picture windows with million dollar views made the cost of the room feel more worthwhile. The service was fine, but it didn鈥檛 have the warmth and thoroughness we expect from a five star property. Perhaps because of its location in the financial district, this hotel seems like more of a business hotel than a vacation home away from home. The public spaces aren鈥檛 really connected and this disjointed feeling doesn鈥檛 lend itself to spending time in the building. We also found it odd that the bar was never open in the evenings of our stay, despite the fact that we were at the hotel over a weekend when one might assume it would be open later. We were upgraded from our Deluxe City View Room to a Bay View Room with incredible views of the Golden Gate Bridge, North Beach, China Town and the Embarcadero. Although the smaller room was nice (we saw it before being upgraded to a room with the king bed we had reserved), the Bay View Room had more space and a much better view. We definitely appreciated the difference. Breakfast in the restaurant was wonderful and a definite highlight of our stay. We enjoyed our visit, but this is not a hotel we鈥檇 seek out again. Despite the nice rooms and wonderful views, the overall experience is more functional than fabulous. It鈥檚 very good, but not great.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>la femme folle
<Content>spectacular views My husband, baby and I stayed at the Mandarin and cannot say enough about it. We had the bridge to bridge view which was breath taking. You have the TransAmerica building directly in front of you, Coit Tower, Alcatraz, Bay Bridge, and Golden Gate view. They have binoculars in the room too. We had clear days and could see everything and at night the city was beautiful. The rooms are very large with a small sitting area, bathrooms are large with seperate marble tub and shower. They provided a lovely crib for our son and even put infant amenities in it, baby lotion, wipes, diaper, baby bath, ducky and small stuffed toy! They have a lovely jasmine tea service in your room when you arrive and also had a sweets/chocolates tray also. Valet/doorman were very welcoming and provided good suggestions for dinner etc. Complimentary bottled water in the room and fitness center is also a nice touch. They also had a notice that they are getting high def TV and satelite by July. Location was good, could walk to Embarcadero, ferry terminal markets, union square. Sundays are challenging though since many restaurants are closed in immediate area, but they have a free car service that will take you to dinner. Loved the Mandarin!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Besides the view...Nothing special at all The view is good, otherwise there is absolutely nothing special about this hotel. I don't mind spending $500 a night for good service, great surroundings and extra amenities. The lobby is drab, the rooms are ok and there is nothing up and above the Holiday Inn. The only special feature about our room was a volume control in the bathroom for the TV. If I spent $150 on this room, I would have considered it a decent value. Aspirin at the front desk will cost you and a glass of juice with a danish will run you $20. Again the view was good, but not great. If you want a great view, be prepared to plunk down another $200.There were no problems, we just left blah and ripped off.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Spectacular views Superb service, spectacular views. If you care about service or views from the rooms, this is the perfect hotel in SF. 100.0% satisfied with every touch of service. We were upgraded to a king suite, on the top floor, and while expensive, was worth every penny as far as I am concerned. The room was really beautiful, with a spectactular view of the golden gate bridge, and the rest of the city. No pool, so don't bring the kids, but prompt and courteous service throughout, and plenty of amenities in the room. Bathrobes, slippers, free bottled water, and nice music was on when we returned to the room. Room service was prompt (a rarity I find these days), and valet parking always had my car ready. I'll stay here again on my next trip to SF.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Shoreview
<Content>Absolute Best Service My husband, 9 year old daughter and I just returned from 4 nights at the Mandarin Oriental. I can't say enough about the service we received. Here are the highlights:* complimentary wine and tea in our room for us just after arrival* complimentary cheese, crackers and fruit waiting for us one evening after a long day sightseeing* concierge had a rental car ready and waiting for us within 30 minutes of our request* all staff called us by name every time they saw us* doormen learned what type of restaurants we liked and sent us to them in the house carThere are lots of great things about this hotel: the view, quality of the rooms, the location but the people there make it a truly special place to stay. It beats the Trump, the Plaza or the Ritz hands down.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RichJNewYork
<Content>Favorite Hotel Anywhere This hotel is pricey, but, after several stays here during the past couple of years, this is my favorite hotel anywhere. If you have business in downtown S.F., and want to get in or out quickly to the airport, the location is perfect. The rooms are outstanding: comfortable beds, precise and subtle climate controls, magnificent views. The fitness center is good. The lobby staff is excellent. The atmosphere is one of quiet and privacy. The only downside is the food, which is merely edible. However, there is an outstanding steak house around the corner in the Omni, and numerous other good restaurants not far away.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ARS7
<Content>Charming Had the pleasure of staying here last May. Started our California trip in San Francisco for 3 days followed by a drive down the entire coast. Also proposed to my wife in San Francisco on same trip. The hotel is lovely and rooms are of the highest quality. Beautiful rooms with only the nicest linens. Bathroom was also very nice and unique, the way a luxury hotel should be. The doormen went above and beyond for any of our needs and I give them credit for learning my name and remembering to call me by name every time I entered or exited. Something I don't ask for but certainly is nice to hear. The one concierge (male) was very nice and helpful, recommending and even making reservations at different restaurants that are unique to San Francisco. Although I did think that the female concierge could of been a bit more attentive when my wife's heel strap broke on our way out one night. There was no recommendation of shoe repair, though it was late and I doubt one would of been open. The best she came up with was pointing us to the mall down the street. Just nitpicking, but she didn't go above and beyond by any means.Overall a great hotel and upon departure my Hertz rental car was brought to the front door and bags placed in them by the wonderful doormen.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nolatravel
<Content>Excellent Knew of the views of this hotel and the glass walled hallways that face north and south between the two hotel towers on the upper floors of a multi-use building. Had even snuck up here to check out the view prior to staying. The price is high, but to me worth it for special occasions or if it is already in the budget.The service and accommodation are top notch - any request will be accommodated with efficiency and a smile.The views are unbelievable - stayed in a bridge to bridge suite (corner facing NW, North, NE on east tower). Did not eat in hotel except for room service breakfast - it was good - nothing over the top.Excellent 4 fixture bath, stereo with cd, didn't watch TV.Penthouse floor under renovation, stayed on non renovated floor - it was fine - hotel preferred to place us in renovated floor but we declined for higher floor.Don't miss the fresh Mandarin Oranges by the elevator at lobby floor.I would stay here again - it is all about the views.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The very best! My husband and I used to call this our hotel because we loved it very much. We have tried to stay here at least half of the times whenever we came to The City when we still lived in the States. We even had our wedding here.The staff at Mandarin Oriental treated their guests as if they were very important people. Our wedding's ceremony and reception were held in Mandarin Oriental's Library Room. We stayed at the hotel but our guests and family members stayed in a different place downtown. Afterward, our children wanted to go back to their hotel so they asked the desk staff to order them a cab. No, you don't need a cab; our limo will take you anywhere you want to go. The desk staff replied.At the time, our children were not very polished if you judged them from their appearance. They were the typical college students who lived in (and sometimes even slept in) their jeans, T-shirts, and track shoes. They were intelligent, polite, and articulate, but they were not preppy and definitely not the limo-rider kind. They were also not Mandarin Oriental's guests, but that fact did not matter to the staff. Everyone treated them with respect and courtesy.Every room in the hotel has panoramic view because of the floor-to-ceiling windows and because this all-glass hotel is the third highest building in The City. There are different views available with different room series. In every room, there is Frette linen, thick and soft bathrobes, his and her slippers, and high quality bath products. Evening service includes fresh fruit plate brought to room. Limo service is gratuity to guests (and in our case, family members of guests). Understated luxury and old world elegance are what you will find here. Mandarin Oriental in San Francisco writes the book about quality and service. I wish everyone else would read their book and follow their example.Note: Fridays and Saturdays鈥?rate is lower than during the week.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HelenBygrave
<Content>Superb apart from the food Wonderful 5 star, central hotel to stay in San Francisco. Very friendly and helpful staff especialy the lovely receptionist who couldn't do enough to make my stay perfect. Views that take your breath away - romantic sunsets across the pacific ocean. Beautiful rooms that are manicured to perfection every day.The only downside was the room service food which was by far the poorest I have ever tasted. Salty, overcooked and lukewarm. I had the steak one night and then chicken linguine. The clam chowder was top quality however :) ps - I had a few friends staying at the OMNI round the corner where the steak was the best they'd ever had.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mauna_kea_lady
<Content>couldn't wait to leave this hotel although the views from our room were drop dead gorgeous, we were completely bored at the Mandarin Oriental and felt isolated in a sterile cube. the room furnishings lacked the austere beauty I'd been hoping for - the room's furnishings were quite plain and unremarkable. we were in a bridge to bridge view room - expensive - but we didn't feel pampered or special while staying at the hotel in any way. room service food was quite plain; good quality ingredients but not particularly delicious or gourmet. we actually felt a bit depressed in this hotel, we couldn't wait to leave - so we checked out a day early.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CBinNY
<Content>lovely spot from which to see the city We splashed out on the Mandarin for the last two nights of our vacation, in part based on the reviews on this site. The view made the room worthwhile (although we were only on the 39th floor, and discovered that taking the elevator up to the top floor yields some spectacular views from the corridor). But we were assuming (in retrospect, for no particular reason) that the room would be larger, and that there would be a more appealing hotel bar to enhance our Mandarin experience. The service was impeccable - the concierge was more than happy to research and answer my random questions. This is an expensive hotel - if on company expenses, it would be a no brainer to stay here. But if you're on your own dime, it's definitely a serious splurge, so don't spend it if you're going to think about it too much.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>blazegeorgia
<Content>The best hotel in the USA       Bathroom and robes  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KeithTalent
<Content>Great views Had a Bridge to Bridge room, with amazing views (but time the windows had a clean please!). Room very comfortable, quiet and relaxing. Rest of the hotel is a miss, with no bar or restaurant you'd want to go to, and the decor is all a bit 1980s-style tacky and looking tired, but all is forgiven for the room and the views. Expensive though, especially outside of Fri/Sat nights, as this is a business hotel. Cost us $550+tax on a Sunday night, which was too much considering lack of a cool bar etc.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnonManc
<Content>Very classy, great view! Views are without a doubt one of the main attractions of this hotel. From room and corridors there is little of San Francisco that you can't see.Rooms are contemporary with an oriental flavour. Service discreet, attentive and polite. Turn down service excellent. Maid picked up of fault we were not aware of and speedily had it rectified by maintenance.Meal at Silk's one of the finest we experienced on our trip. Nice to try something out of the ordinary. Restaurent staff very knowledgeable and added to enjoyment.Only gripe is that two elevators did not seem to service the requirements of this hotel adequately.Certainly our hotel of choice in San Francisco.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>water infiltration in the bed! unconfortable dirty plece to fly!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Alessandro66
<Content>Great Service - Awesome Rooms and Spectacular views!!! I am not sure why would anyone bash this hotel.I've stayed at several Ritz Carlton's, Four Seasons, and other luxurious resorts. This hotel is top notch and probably is the best in SF.The service is absolutely amazing, anything you need, anytime.The Concierge is superb, I asked for a good sushi bar and he directed me to one of the best Sushi I have ever had. To boot the hotel sent us an appetizer on them. Having the hotel car available to take you to a play, restaurants in the ares is very convenient. The hotel views are one of the best (if not the best) of San Francisco. The Rooms are clean and ultra luxurious, the usual Mandarim Oriental high standards and touches. Beds are extremely confortable and the linens are 300 Thread count or better. All Marble bathrooms with every amenity in the book.It is going to be tough to go back to the Ritz (my favorite chain) in SF after I've stayed in the Mandarim.If you like to be pampered and enjoy the best, look no futher.Get a room with a view, you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a disappointment For $340 plus tax the room was pokey and a weird shape. The bathroom had peeling wall paper and chipped paint. Breakfast for two cost almost $50. There was only one waitress serving the whole cocktail lounge in the evening who was literally running from table to table. This in the best hotel in San Francisco? - I don't think so!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Fog can block your view! Great hotel but don't bank on a good view all the time. We were in S.F. in August (Fog Season) and could not see the street from 38 floors up... not to mention ever seeing the bay. If you have an expectation of having a great view just cause you are on floor 38-48... just be ware.Otherwise, there are reasons this is regarded as one of the best in the world! Good look  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top Notch! The Mandarin Oriental in San Francisco is by far the absolute nicest hotel I have ever stayed. This is the second time I stayed there. The view was breathtaking and part of the reason we went back. I didn't think the view from the first time we stayed could be topped and yet it was!! The staff was absolutely lovely. It is definetely an upper crust hotel but I in my jean shorts, teeshirt and flip flops was never treated any different than the ladies and gentlemen in their formal wear. The staff is impeccable! I must admit I never ate at Silks (the hotel restaurant) but was assured by other guests that it was an unforgetable culinary experience.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>citygirl4616
<Content>Beautiful Hotel But Very Expensive for a Sightseeing Trip My husband and I spent 2 days and 1 night in San Francisco (which is not nearly enough time to spend there) this June. The hotel is elegant and well maintained. The service was excellent (we are loyal Ritz Carlton guests when we travel) and we found the Mandarin staff to be very professional, well-trained, friendly, helpful, and unpretentious. We had a bridge-to-bridge room and the view in the hallway and in the room was spectacular. There were binoculars in the room, and what an awesome sight it was! The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was because as tourists, we spent very little time enjoying the hotel, yet payed almost $400 for the 1 night. We surely did not get our money's worth. I knew the hotel would be great, but had I realized that, other than sleeping, I would spend barely 2 hours in the room, I would have opted for a cheaper hotel, or at least a cheaper room. I would recommend a stay here if you will be able to enjoy the hotel and your room, not if you will be doing major sightseeing.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>emmab
<Content>superlative service and room! THE most comfortable bed I've ever slept in! Also, huge tub in the bathroom and separate power shower, Frette bathrobes. Jasmin tea and cookies delivered to room upon arrival, chocolate strawberries and biscuits for our honeymoon. Lovely view of bridge. Very knowledgeable concierge.We did feel slightly untidy though walking through the lobby on Saturday evening, returning after a day's sightseeing as the ambiance is quite formal! Perhaps not the best location for sightseeing but handy for Chinatown and we like to walk anyway.We loved it here though and were given booklets about Carmel as we checked-out when we mentioned that we were driving down the coast. A nice touch!SF is a great city. All the tourist attractions are really worthwhile doing and the city has an energy simialr to NYC but not quite so frantic! Loved it!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Vnyrdr
<Content>Superb in all respects Truly excellent service from every employee encountered. Room service was stellar in both selection and quality. Views are unbeatable, and the rooms are reasonably large and very nicely furnished. The complimentary tea and coffee in the lobby before the restaurant opens is very nice, as is the complementary internet access in the business center. I love the Ritz and the Four Seasons, but I will continue to choose the MO for the views...  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rock Solid Fantastic service and unbelievable views made our stay at the Mandarin an absolute pleasure. Best in San Francisco.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exxxxxcellence At The Mandarin San Francisco I read about this hotel on Trip Advisor and decided to try it out. We were visiting SF on business and vacation ( for one week) with a 22 month old baby. Those times when we had to stay in the hotel because of the baby we did not mind, the view was excellent, the food from room service was divine. The staff was attentive and the concierge service was extremely helpful. We did not get to take advantage of the car service since it was unavailable on the two ocassions we requested it. The hotel was clean, even under the bed, where kids' toys tend to rest. The bathroom was spotless. The turndown service in the evenings was a treat. The pictures online are real and my room did look like one of those online. This hotel is quintessential feng shui glamour, understated, but very polished and it quietly exuded a monied atmosphere. There were even some top RB stars and politicians who were also guests in the hotel. I am hard to please and I was quite satisfied.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>couf
<Content>Excellent Hotel Hotel is close to China town and Union Square, a little further walk to Fisherman's wharf. Cable car stop just outside. Room was amazing. Beautiful views of the city. Bathroom was luxurious. Service was outstanding. The slightest request brought swift and curtious responses. Only thing was the dining room was closed when we arrived at 6pm for some reason, and valet parking added $50 a day to an already expensive bill.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great room, common areas need aesthetic updating... My boyfriend and I spent a weekend in San Fran. We booked a room through the Mandarin's special packages...Golden Gate Bridge room (highest upgrade before you hit the suite rate,) free American daily breakfast, late 6pm checkout. The room was on the 46th floor, quiet, huge, nice hallway, incredible bathroom. Furnishings were interesting, a mix of Japanese with high tech. Turns out room number 4604 was an experimental model for the upcoming renovations. Mgmt chose not to go with that design, but for us it was rather perfect. We had a corner room, the views were stunning. The bed and bedding were superb. Sitting areas were very good, the bathtub was right next to a huge panoramic window. The tub itself could have been bigger, it was definitely too small for 2 (but we squeezed in anyway.) Amenities were by Escada, nice touch, perhaps a little too chemical for me (I prefer L'Occitane.) Tea service upon arrival. The common areas, however, look like they've been frozen in the 1980s. All that polished gold with green walls, weird carpeting, it's soooo dated. But who cares, we went to Fleur de Lys (fabulous) and Slanted Door for dinner. Btw, Slanted is overrated. Oh, and the gym at the hotel is EXCELLENT, but bring your own gear, because they don't have gym clothes for sale or rent. I worked out in my robe and slippers. Didn't get any stares because the gym was basically empty. Will we be back? Yes, at $459/night for that fabulous room with breakfast and late checkout, you bet!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>my5
<Content>Views and service! We stayed at this hotel on Feb. 19, during the Chinese New Year Parade (didn't know it was happening) The city was crowded and festive. When we arrived we were upgraded to a corner view room on the 46th floor. Wow, the view. Views haven't been a big deal to us in the city. We love the Campton Place Hotel and there is no view. However, this view was so dramatic! We were offered the town car service to avoid all the parking hassles during the parade and shortly after checkin jasmine tea and cookies were delivered to the room in an adorable closed basket. None of the services above were asked for. Great service. I understand that the rooms could be udated but they are very clean, have nice amenities and views to die for!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NOT the Four Seasons!!! Just stayed for four nights and five full days while at a conference in SF. As others have noted, there isn't a better view in town - lying in my bed (I was in a Bridge to Bridge Room) I could see just about every notable attraction in town - the bridges, Coit Tower, Alcatraz, etc., etc. etc. However, this is where the greatness in this hotel ends.Though I usually stay at the Four Seasons when I vacation, I decided that I ought to give the Mandarin a shot - hey, AAA Five Diamond, Mobile 5 Star - it can't be that bad.......let's find out:A stain on the bed sheet; pink gum on the top left door of the bathroom stall; foot prints on the carpet; mug stains on the marble around the sink and on a coffee table; a turn down service that was so insistent on getting the job done that they returned twice within an hour (the last time forcing themselves into the room as I dressed for the evening); a lobby and lounge staff about as personable as a paper weight; a doorman that was on his cell phone more often than he opened the door; and a concierge staff that said they would call me to follow up on an inquiry and forgot one too many times.These unmentionables were during the first two days - at which point I started complaining to my wife - telling her that we had made a mistake in the hotel we had chosen and that this hotel didn't hold a candle to the Four Seasons.I'm not one to publicly complain, but this deserved it, and my wife, without me knowing it, went down to the lobby, pulled a manager into the lounge, and in a very nice manner, without any of the aforementioned detail, summed it up for the manager by saying that the place sucked! The manager proceeded to offer my wife breakfast, a discount, etc. My wife refused everything, which she said surprised the manager. But, we weren't looking for handouts - we were looking for the level of service and attention to detail that we had expected when booking a hotel company that claims that it can and does deliver (and which I and many of you had read about and which I personally had heard about from some of my wife's colleagues who have stayed at their hotels in Asia). Well, over the next two days the level of service did a 180 - not just for us, but noticibly for everyone else as well! For us, the hotel town car, which hadn't been offered before - was now at our becking call; our names were used regularly upon entrance into and from the hotel; the front door was sprinted to as anyone approached; and we got reservations, on fairly short notice, to two of the city's hottest restaurants - Slanted Door and Betelnut.In summary, I guess I left wondering why this hadn't been the case from the moment we got there. If it had been, I wouldn't have written a few of the above paragraphs. This can be a phenomenal hotel with a few modern updates to the rooms, the fitness and business centers (sorry, fitness and business closets), and complete consistency in service. Maybe I was there on a bad week, but hopefully, we did everyone staying there from now on a favor - I doubt it though - excellence isn't sporadic and I am pondering on whether I should give them another fat chunk of my wallet at another one of their hotels/resorts. Can't beat it if you want a view, but don't pay these prices for a view - go to the Top of the Mark for a cocktail and stay at the Four Seasons where your wallet gets you treated like the well-paying customer you are. Good luck!!!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Classy This hotel is beautiful. But I have to agree with one of hte reviews that the bathrooms are outdated as well as the elevator. Other than that, The views are hand down the best in San Francisco. The building itself is stunning and is the third tallest in the city. The price is to high for this hotel but if money is not a problem than i would say this hotel is well worth it. I stayed in the Golden Gate Signature room with the window in the bathroom and it was incredible at night soaking in the tub with a view of coit tower and the Golden Gate Bridge in the background. Overall, This is a wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Boris
<Content>Great Hotel with excellent service Stayed at the Mandarin at the end of January 06. Very impressed with the service received from the staff, particularly concierge. They were so helpful and even sent the house car to come and get us one night from a restaurant as we had no energy left from walking up those hills! The hotel is clean and well kept. We had a Deluxe King Room with fantastic views of the city, bay area including Alcatraz and GG bridge. The bed was so comfy! Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in a safe, handy, flat location for exploring all SF has to offer. Would definitely go back as staying at another hotel would simply be out of the question! Enjoy! :0)  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Johnny_C_NYC
<Content>Liked it a lot....excellent service  The views are indeed spectacular within the rooms and I really liked my stay here, especially the location (right in the middel of downtown, easy walking distance to Nob Hill, Coit Tower, North Beach restaurants  bars). The hotel is on the upper floors of the building (I was on 43rd floor) and my room seemed very large for a non-suite (actually had a hallway); my friend's room wasn't quite as large but still roomy and big compared to most hotels I've stayed in. And although I'm not a very demanding traveler and don't need all the perks associated with some of the more decadent/full-service oriented types, the few times I needed help the excellent service came through. A fax I was expecting was ready for me within 5 minutes, and evey time I asked the concierge to check on my flight or make restaurant reservations it was done immediately. Allin all, the service was very polite and timely. The bathrooms in the room were large and contained everything you could possibly need - including a bath and separate shower. The bed was extremely comfortable - as was waking up to an almost 180 degree view of SF et environs every morning!! (I will have to bring my girlfriend here sometime).On the negative side, a few minor things. First, there are only 2 elevators which made for a couple minutes of waiting from time to time (usually not a problem). Also, the gym is very small and on the 4th floor with no windows which isn't ideal and not what I'm used to at other MO's (DC and NYC) which have much larger gyms with views and a pool (DC at least) - no pool here (unlike the Ritz and Four Seasons). And the hotel lobby is nice but pretty understated and small so don't expect a grand entrance - the location and views are what you pay for here. I will come back to this hotel, but as I'm a big exerciser I think that the Ritz and Four Season are also great choices if you want a larger gym and pool. (Have stayed at the Ritz but not the Four Seasons - Ritz is up near the top of Nob hill close to the Fairmont, Intercontinental, etc.)  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kimsoo
<Content>Very Impressive My family and I spent the three days before Christmas '04, in a suite at the Mandarin. While some of the hotel is showing a bit of age (carpeting in the elevator, for instance), it did not detract one bit from the fantastic views and excellent service.Our rooms were very clean and spacious, with tasteful furnishings and fresh flowers. The bathrooms were huge and contained everything you could possibly need. The bed was very comfortable and I was pleased that it did not have one of those dreadful feather mattresses. Another nice feature was the zoned heat/air, i.e., the living and sleeping areas were on separate thermostats. There was also a nicely stocked mini bar, a cd player and a dvd player.The service was absolutely the best. From the moment we arrived, we were treated like the only guests in the hotel. The concierge was fantastic, suggesting restaurants (all good), making reservations and even arranging for the hotel car to drive us. Room service was fast and tasty, housekeeping was excellent and unobtrusive and our car was always ready within minutes of phoning the parking valet. The entire staff was courteous, friendly and accommodating.The views from the hotel are truly amazing and they even supply you with binoculars. We had no dirty windows in our rooms.The Mandarin Oriental was very impressive and I highly recommend it for anyone desiring an upscale hotel with outstanding service.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great View but Old and Dirty Furniture We had the Bridge to Bridge room. The rate was almost $500 per night. The view was great, absolutely breath taking! However, the windows were dirty. Someone who stayed previously wiped it off with a hand, so we could peek through the area. Also, sofas and carpet were severly stained. The worst was the bed. Not only old, the matress were so old that the right side (near TV set) and the left side has different firmness. The right side was way soft and I felt its springs! Horrible. TV set/screen was small and cheap. Bathroom was just Okay. Water pressure was weak. The house keeping forgot to do the turn down service. I honestly think this hotel charges way higher for what they offer. We won't go back to Mandarin Oriental SF unless they update.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pinkpanther8
<Content>Loved Everything! We visited the Mandarin Oriental the first week of October. It was our first trip to San Fran and without a doubt will definitely return to both the city and the hotel. We don't even want to consider another hotel.We had a Bridge to Bridge view room (worth every penny) with outstanding views of Golden Gate Bridge, Bay Bridge,  Alcatraz. The bathroom was large with beautiful tile and really nice amenities (scale, slippers, Frette linen hand towel, nice size amenities,  where else do they give you a loofah sponge with bath gel?) The service was very good and prompt; staff was friendly. The welcoming tea service was a very nice touch and the maids always offered lots of bottled water. The decor had an Asian influence which was nice for a change, and it wasn't too overboard. Can't wait to return.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Calfan
<Content>Great views, but needs updating I was really looking forward to staying at the Mandarin. I enjoy their properties in Hawaii and Munich, and thought -- based even on this website-- that the S.F. outpost would live up the same level of luxury. Unfortunately, although it is a fine hotel and has exemplary service, it is too outdated to merit 5 stars. First, the decor in the bedrooms, and in particular, the bathroom is old. In fact, I think my grandmother owned the circa 1980 Bulova clock that hung in the bathroom. The rugs and entrance also shows too much wear and tear, and the gym is embarrassing. The treadmills are at least 10 years old and the room itself is too small to do anything but the most basic of workouts. For the same price, I would recommend the Four Seasons, where the rooms are updated and you have access to the SportsClub LA just a few flights down from your room.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it What a wondeful hotel! We stayed in a Bridge to Bridge room which was as spectacular as described with panoramic views of the entire SF Bay (binoculars provided, nice touch). Absolutely stunning, worth the trip right there. The Concierge was flawless. They got us dinner reservations at an impossible to get into restaurant and also arranged for a rental car (we needed to drive down the Coast for a wedding) to be dropped off for us at the hotel. The hotel is nicely situated within walking distance of many great neighborhoods. The service is impeccable and the decor is less fussy than comparable 5 star hotels. We cannot wait to try out the M.O. New York!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent hotel Really enjoyed our stay at the Mandarin. The room was excellent - extremely clean and with an amazing view overlooking the bay and bridges. The staff were very friendly, took the time to learn our names and made suggestions as to places to visit on our stay. Breakfast was included in the price and there was an extensive choice available - tried something different each morning and they were all delicious. Dinner at Silks, the hotel restaurant, is a real treat - the food is a mixture of American/Asian cuisine and is delicious.The only criticism we have of this hotel (and it's a small one) is that the window overlooking the Golden Gate Bridge needed a good clean, which spoilt the view a bit. Mind you, the room was on the 40th floor so guess we can't expect the windows cleaned every day!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience We stayed here in July, 2004. This was a 2nd honeymoon for us and important because it was our first real vacation without our children. The attention to detail is wonderful. I had missed breakfast one morning  they re-opened the kitchen for me. I was very impressed. We would stay here again! The views can't be beat too!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great views but no morning coffee? I recently stayed at the Mandarin Oriental in San Francisco over Labor Day weekend for one night. Overall the service was very good, but not superb. The Executive King room on the 41st floor had amazing views (huge windows on both sides of this corner room) of the Bay Bridge and the Financial District, especially with the clear weather. The room was Asian styled and a little conservative. The marble bathroom with deep soaking tub and glass shower were wonderful. Another interesting thing was that the t.v. from the room was piped into the bathroom via speakers. The hotel also had a town car to take us to our restaurant and picked us up as well. A nice perk.Our three complaints were that in the morning, there was no complimentary coffee in the lounge or in the lobby. When we asked, they said that there was not any. Very strange, being that this is a five star hotel. Secondly, the restaurant Silks was closed for lunch and dinner on the day we arrived. Finally, the turndown service did not have a chocoate on the pillow. Despite these little concerns, I would recommend, but the service could have been a little better.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible service and attention I did not have a reservation to celebrate my 18th wedding anniversary and wife's birthday.....and it was over Labor Day 2004. After looking at suites at the Huntington Hotel, and a regular room at the Ritz and the Fairmont (because that was the only thing available), nothing at the Mark Hopkins or at the Grand Hyatt or at the St. Francis, our friends at the Ritz suggested the Mandarin Oriental on Sansome Street. Got a great suite on the 41st floor with a 270 degree view. Expensive, but totally worth it. Great staff with great personalities ready to assist you with any need. Great food, room service, etc......Will stay again and again.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Left my heart in San Francisco This hotel is amazing: checking-in is a breeze, everyone is extremely helpfull and friendly! We stayed here 8 nights from 24th August untill 1st September 2004 according to their long stay package: we had a deluxe bay view king room: amazing views, definitely worth having a room facing the bay! Ask for a West Tower room, overlooking Transamerica Pyramid, Coit Tower, Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz,... you name it! The staff is so friendly, everyone knew our name after two days... roomservice is great, housekeeping is wonderfull, location of the hotel is really good for shopping and exploring the city on foot: we went to Fisherman's Wharf, Alcatraz, Coit Tower, Pacific Heights,... the hotel is located nearby....the food  breakfast are unbelievable... enjoy this hotel for the time you're staying there, cause it will be over before you know it! Great hotel!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>carlyle
<Content>Service Galour We stayed in a bridge view room with connecting room for myself, my wife and two teenage girls in late july for 4 nights. The service at this hotel rivals the best in the world. The concierge was engaging and helpful and got us everywhere, checkin was done in our room, no lobby waiting was great, everyone remembered our name and we used the house sedans to go all over town (shopping, theater, dinner, the wharf, saulsalito, muir woods), never a charge and always a delighted thank you when a tip was offered. The views are heavenly...there is just no comparing the view when the fog rolls in or has rolled out....when it stays there is not much but it cleared for us each afternoon and the sunsets were unbelievable.It is so quiet here we thought we were the only ones on our floor until the next morning when I got up for a run and saw newspapers in front of everyone's door. The hotel was full! And we never rode an elevator with anyone else for three days!The hotel restaurant, Silks was delightful, we had a quick pre-theater thing and they were accomodating, the menu only lists a prix fixed three to five course meal but they were more than happy to have us join them and wave the prix fix and let us share apps and salads. The sashimi was fresh and bountiful, the salads crisp and elegant.Breakfast from room service each morning was fresh and hot, the bagels from noah's bagels were great. For a Starbucks or a Peet's fix there are literally seven shops within three blocks, but only one open on Sunday.The hotel is about to undergo a major renovation of the rooms and public spaces...check on status before you arrive. The baths are a bit tired and the elevators need some work but this will be the best hotel in town when completed.For now if I wanted really nice accomodations I would stay at the Park Hyatt around the corner until the work is done (the ritz is too played, the 4seasons is in a combat zone and there is no way we are dealing with nob hill every day and the clift is just too 20 something for us)...but if you want the view, peace and quiet and service, this is the place - and just wait...when the renovation is done there may be no other city hotel in the world that can compare. If you are worried about value, there are much better places for you, but if you want to go in style and can handle what that brings, ths place is great.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best choice among the best hotels in San Fran I spent hours selecting my hotel in San Fran. I travel quite frequently and always try to select the best of the best. I base my selection on on-line reviews of Fodor's and the like, reviewing hotel websites and anything else on-line I can find. I have increasingly found Tripadvisor to have the best information. As a seasoned very high end traveler, I try to read into those writing reviews. If the author sounds like someone who has never stayed at these types of properties, I discount the Greastest experience of my life lines. Sadly, after so many high end stays, I'm spoiled and want (expect?) no problems and everything to be perfect. I'm either on holiday and need pampering or resting from a stressful business trip. If I want tickets to anything, I expect a No problem, we'll get them. A call to the conceirge asking him/her to please call the restaurant and let them know I'm late, to hold the table and add two guests should be answered with a No problem I'll take care of it and a How was your meal? when I return. Why am a I writing this? As a plea to those with a similar desire to find the best as experienced by those who know what The best really means. Please write brief reviews here at Tripadvisor.com.Anyway, the Mandarin is a great place. It's a little odd on arrival as the lobby is small and atypical. This is due to the hotel sharing the building with others for the first forty floors (or so). Once you get into the room, you'll find everything you expect combined with a fantastic view. The beds are great, the sound system and lighting are also excellent. There are soft jazzy CDs in the sleek players bedside and couch side. The bathrooms were both roomy, clean and Four Seasons standard. I had a suite with plenty of room - I want big rooms and they were typical of Ritz, Mandarin Oriental and Four Seasons in size. The concierge was able to take care of all of my requests with no problem - if you've read this far you know how important this can be for holiday or business travel. There is a hotel car/driver available gratis after you store your car in the garage for the night - this is something new for me.Bottom line, search all you want, if you want to be certain you'll find what you are looking for, The Mandarin is an excellent choice. PLEASE, if you know the best of the best for other cities, write reviews!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>scfisher1
<Content>Expensive, but worthy Just returned from a trip which included 5 nights at the Mandarin the last week of June. The hotel is by far the best I have ever stayed in. Our view from the 42nd floor covered both bridges, alcatraz, coit tower, etc. The concierge was extremely helpful and I loved the lack of activity in the hotel overall. Took a walk to the Ritz one night and it looked like a convention was going on there. It felt private, and for 5 days I never saw a chamber maid day or night - yet every attention was taken care of. Of course, while the hotel is the best I have seen, it is also the most expensive I have stayed in. That's the way it goes.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience as the Manderan First class all the way. After debating between a couple of the cities top hotels, I chose the Mandarin because of the great reviews from past guests raving about the wonderful service and the incredible views. Needless to say both were above my expectations and the weekend could not have been better. The concierge service planned our weekend perfectly booking us into some incredible restaurants, the bed was extremely comfortable, Tea as we arrived was refreshing, we called to get our shoes shined... done in 10 minutes. There are many places in SF, the Mandarin is a great luxury hotel with an amazing view. Have fun!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Standard of Excellence This establishment defines the standard of excellence in the world of luxury hotels. Service is first-class and nothing is outrageous for the concierge. I had outlandish requests, such as booking dinner for two in the city's best restaurants on the busiest nights with only hours notice and they were able to accomodate me. The view from the 45th floor was, perhaps, the greatest view offered by any hotel in the Americas. A car was made available to me when possible, which was all the time. Room service was prompt and efficient. The staff were corteous and warm. Checking in and out was a breeze. I will return, but more importantly, I have become a fan of the Mandarin Hotel experience.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best of the Best This hotel is unbelivable. I am staying there on the 22nd of May but went to see the rooms and they are all top in the city from an overall standpoint. The service is very good but i would not say excellent. I The views are incredible and the the hotel has nothing but high powered excutives filling the halls so it brings a certain feeling to you as you walk around the premisis. I will have another update for you when i spend the night at the Mandarain Oriental.  
<Date>May 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, but Expensive! This is a beautiful hotel - no doubt - but you're going to have to shell out big bucks. Not unlike the Four Seasons or, in other cities, the Peninsula. Lots of attention to detail, but when assessing a dollar-for-dollar value, I must say a three or four star hotel will provide a better bang for your buck. Now, if money is no object, then this place is for you.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel Ive ever stayed In   showReview(1658780, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Napa
<Content>T Mobile San Fran Grand Prix   showReview(1620167, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>coreypenrose
<Content>Perfection!   showReview(1554324, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SirLunchAlot
<Content>Great View, Period!!   showReview(1518053, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfy, enjoyable!   showReview(1497891, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>footework
<Content>Our favorite San Francisco experience!   showReview(1274164, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice rooms but cold service   showReview(1238701, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best in SFO!   showReview(1070387, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An oasis   showReview(917875, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>delightful hotel in a magical city   showReview(639322, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>korogoro
<Content>銉欍儍銉堛儭銈ゃ偗銇渶楂樸仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(21335006, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>designhotelfreak
<Content>Absolut empfehlenswert!   showReview(21022994, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>heike28106
<Content>Luxuri枚s, aber am Wochenende der falsche Standort!   showReview(20994416, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱偢銉嶃偣琛椼伄銈偄銈枫偣   showReview(20753363, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>giodelfo
<Content>Bello ma caro   showReview(18094098, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Tachatos
<Content>Traumhafte Aussicht auf die Bucht und nettes Personal   showReview(15368327, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hotelcritc111
<Content>5-Sterne Blick 眉ber die Bucht von San Francisco   showReview(10025870, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

