<Author>tomis
<Content>Very nice hotel, but not quite a 5-star experience We spent two nights over New Year's Eve 2008 at the Laguna Resort Nusa Dua. We arrived at the Laguna after having spent 10 nights in the neighboring Westin Nusa Dua.The rooms at the Laguna Resort were certainly nicer and had more of a high-end feel about them, but then we also paid almost double what we had paid at the Westin.Upon check in, we were told that, although we had booked a regular garden view room, we got upgraded to a laguna access room as our room preference was not available. We were thrilled with this until be stepped into the hallway leading to our room and were struck by the damp air and musty smell. The room itself also felt damp and rather dark. In addition, for the two days that we stayed there, we hardly pulled the curtains away, let alone open the balcony door, because of a perceived lack of privacy. The balcony itself was very small, in fact smaller than the one that we had at the Westin.We were traveling with friends and they were given a room on a higher floor. Neither their room, nor the floor they were on felt damp, so we blamed the dampness on the proximity of the lagoon. As a result, our recommendation would be to not pay the extra charge for the lagoon access rooms. They lack privacy and can be dark and damp.Another issue that we faced, but one that we were already familiar with from the Westin, was the loud croaking of frogs at night. It seemed like the noise was coming from the lagoon-like pool with mock sand that people were swimming in during the day. In fairness to the hotel, we looked at the water during the day and couldn't see frogs in the pool, but we hesitated getting in that pool, nonetheless. Luckily for us, the beach at this resort seemed nicer than at the Westin, so we spent our two days on the beach.We can't say much about the breakfast buffet because our first morning there was right after New Year's Eve, so we slept in late, while our second morning the place was so crowded that after waiting for a table for about 15 minutes we decided to walk over to the Westin and have breakfast there instead.For New Year's Eve (and unlike at the Westin), guests didn't have to pay for a mandatory dinner celebration. Instead, we reserved a table on their restaurant terrace. It was directly on the beach and pleasantly decorated. We paid a very reasonable charge and food was plentiful at the buffet, but drinks were not included and a bottle of Moet  Chandon champagne cost $480 (!!) -- that same champagne costs $29 in the States and $90 in Bali. While we certainly expected it to be more expensive in a restaurant than in a supermarket, we still found a 500% surcharge excessive.All in all, this is a very nice hotel, but falls a little short of what one would expect from a true 5-star property. The furniture was nice but fairly nondescript, we didn't receive a newspaper in the morning, we only got two pairs of slippers when clearly three guests had checked into the room, the balcony door didn't close properly, the shower head was not attached firmly to the wall and was shaking, we could have used more dresser space, etc. Nothing major, that would definitely ruin one's vacation, but not quite a 5-star experience. We would probably not pay the premium to go back to this hotel, or, if we wanted to spend that much, we would probably look at comparable properties elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>c2soc
<Content>Returning to the Laguna We have lived in Jakarta for several years and have probably visited Bali about 20 times since 2002. For the vast majority of those times, we choose to stay at the Laguna Nusa Dua hotel and resort. We do so because the resort provides the total package of what we look for in a 5 star hotel. The service is without equal and by comparison we have stayed at: the Four Seasons; Ritz; Nikko; Westin, all in either the Nusa Dua or Jimbaran areas. The Laguna's staff is professional; always seeking out opportunities to assist; pleasant and patient. The food is plentiful, including the breakfast, the setting is awesome with not only the enormous pool but also the proximity of being right on the beach. The gym is well equipped and other attractions such as the great golf (5mns away at Bali Nusa Dua) and surfing can't be beat. I cannot say enough good things about this resort. Mark M.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dunkelstern
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel - So So Location The Laguna Resort is a beautiful 5* hotel which offered a pleasant stay for our honeymoon. The hotel's ground are immaculate, with numerous pools and gardens spread throughout. The beach is clean and large, with few locals hawking sarongs or bracelets. The rooms are large and well furnished, with comfortable beds and nice bathrooms. There's a balcony overlooking the gardens and waterfall in all the rooms.The staff is attentive and helpful, though we found that they spent so much time catering to the guests that they often forgot the little things you shouldn't need to ask for. We had to call for soap in the bathroom multiple times, didn't always receive washcloths, and despite being asked at check-in which newspaper we wanted we never received one any day - despite mentioning it to the reception 3 times. We were also perplexed by the staff forgetting us. While they remembered us well enough to call us by name, when our dive shop called with a message, reception told them no one by either name was staying at the hotel. Strange.The hotel's biggest drawback, in my opinion, is its location. Nusa Dua is quiet and luxurious, but too far from anything else in Bali. To get to another beach, dive site, restaurant, or activity you need a 20-30 minute taxi ride. That makes the hotel good for only sitting by the pool/beach and using only its restaurants, which for Bali are overpriced.Overall the Laguna was a nice experience, but would have been better in a different part of the island. That being said it was a lovely stay.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	2	5	5	2	3	

<Author>Milamar
<Content>Perfect honeymoon spot       Laguna Resort  Spa, near hotel entrance  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tomdey
<Content>Superb Honeymoon We stayed at the Laguna at the beginning of September and have never had a holiday experience like it. Everything was superb from the suroundings, cleanliness, staff and location. Everything was magical. The management were really approachable and they would always be around which is something that you don't normally see. They personalised our arriaval and sent gifts to our room on finding out that we were newly weds. I would recommend this to everyone! Cant wait to go back!!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>darcyColacVictoria
<Content>total relaxation in paradise This was our third holiday at the Laguna and we absolutely love the hotel. The staff are so friendly nothing is to much trouble.The little extras like the afternoon tea and butler service just add to the experience. The Laguna is very spreadout so it never seems crowded.The pools are beautiful also the gardens.It would have to be the best hotel breakfast in Bali the variety of food is amazing.We ate in all the Laguna restaurants and they were all excellent.We are planning our next holiday to Bali in May and we will be definately staying at the Laguna.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>young grandad
<Content>A little piece of paradise We stayed at the Laguna for three nights on the way home after 3 weeks touring Australia. We needed to relax and this was the perfect place to do it. The staff are superb - nothing is too much trouble. The welcome is warm and a butler escorts you to your room and gives you all the information about the hotel. The 24hour butler service is very efficient.The room was great with a beautiful bathroom and a balcony overlooking one of the many pools that surround the hotel. The gardens are lush and tropical and are the best maintained I have ever seen.The beach, which is equally well cared for, is right by the hotel with comfortable loungers. There are also many loungers around the gardens and pools. Wherever you walk there is the sound of running water, fountains, waterfalls etc.There are a number of restaurants to choose from for dinner and the breakfast buffet has the most comprehensive choice I have ever seen. Where ever you live in the World you will find something you like. If we had been in Bali for longer I would have like to explore the interior. The hotel concierge will arrange trips.There is absolutlely no downside to this place.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FlipFlop27
<Content>Gorgeous hotel       The hotel beach  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HKAP
<Content>Pardise All i can say is this place was amazing. friendly staffexcellent servicegreat roomsexcellent FacilitiesThis hotel is is defentley a 5 * hotel without a doubt.I would recommend this hotel to anyone.The hotel is in walking distance to Bali collection were there are many Restaurants and Shops.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kezza62
<Content>An exquisite 2nd Honeymoon       Our king size bed with frangipani's  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hotbrian
<Content>Totally relaxation       heart-shaped petal on bed  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>Msk6261
<Content>Elegant surroundings and exceptional service We have stayed in hotels all over the world. The Laguna could very well be one of the nicest resorts we have ever visited. This is our second stay in as many months at a Starwood Luxury Collection property. What appears consistent is that they do an outstanding job of training their staff and maintaining the property meticulously.The moment you enter the lobby on check-in you are well taken care of. The gardens and swim-able lagoons are just beautiful. The rooms are elegantly appointed. The staff is friendly and solicitous. One of the restaurants was closed but we did not have a disappointing meal at any of the remaining eateries. We cannot tell you of a single instance of disappointment during our stay. It is an excellent choice in Nusa Dua.I will add that the overall Island has much to offer a traveler. Although we had a truly memorable, luxurious and relaxing vacation here, if you want to get the true flavor of Bali and it's people, I would recommend combining this visit with a stay somewhere more remote and authentic to the Balinese culture rather than taking daily excursions.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kelly2008095
<Content>Great place to stay Stayed 5 nights at Conrads and 5 nights a Laguna. Conrads was newer but lacked something we could not put our finger on.......once we arrived a Laguna we soon noticed the staffs hospitality was far better than Conrads. Laguna is about 15 years old but the service is supirior. Great pools, great places to eat (and what you'd expect to pay anywhere eating in Australia). I had Bali Belly and our buttler sent a bunch of flowers to me the following day - very unexpected and warmly welcome.Service is super at the Laguna!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gabeadvisor
<Content>Service!! Service!! Service!! My wife and I including another couple have just come back for a 7 night stay at Laguna. It was our first time in Bali and getting out of Denpasar airport and going through the towns to Laguna was an eye opener. Was under developed from what i have imagined. Traffic rules were none existent except for the traffic lights. We went through 2 vehicle security checks before reaching our resort. One was at Nusua Dua entrance and there was another one at Laguna. As we stepped out of the taxi, thats when it all started. Such detailed service that we have never experienced anywhere we have stayed so far. Each passenger door was opened for us and greeted with a warm balinese smile. A Gong went off and music and dancers started as we were making our way to the hotel lobby to reception to check in. Breakfast was great, each day, lying by the pool or beach, they would come with fresh cool towels, fruits and/or juices which were complimentary. The room was spacious and i dont think you could ask for anything more. Starwood preferred guest are invited to the Mayang resort from 3pm-4pm for complimentary light refreshments every day. Everywhere you walked through the resort, from cleaners, to baggage handlers to gardners they greeted you and smiled.The only thing i would like to suggest is they should encourage the daily activities and have more variety and round up the guests if they wish to particpate. Activities board was by the main pool however if no one went up and asked they wouldnt have it.But overall one of the best resorts i have stayed in, thank you to all the Laguna staff for making us feel special.Gabriel ChangSydney  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>abstahar
<Content>Perfect Honeymoon       Romantic gesture in the room  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>GillNed25
<Content>Brilliant For our honeymoon, we had given much thought on where to go. And this hotel certainly didn't disappoint!!! As with other reviews that you have read, the hotel is spotless and you won't get staff this friendly anywhere else in the world!!We arrived at about 10pm, and the rep that collected us from the airport dealt with our check-in etc while we took in the hotel with a cup of iced tea (well at least I think this is what it was) and cold towels....nice touch. We were made very welcome even thanked on many occassions for coming to their country!!!Our room was fantastic, hugh big bed that had a heart made from flowers carefully placed on it (our bath tub had rose petals in it also). We also had complementary biscuits, chocolates and water. We had a great pool view, but then with water almost surronding the hotel, I guess nearly if not all the rooms would have.We booked the hotel on a room only basis, and did therefore find that it was a little expensive to eat in it. We did so for the first few days and the food is good again with friendly staff, but on our third day we found 'the Bali collection' which is a 5-10 min walk out of the hotel to the right. Here you have at least 10 restaurants to choose from with a hugh big supermarket. We chose to go down here on in the evenings (little bit more happening)During the day we felt no need to leave the hotel, it is directly on the beach, with enough sunbeds for everyone, though you do still get the 7am early birds hogging the beds in some areas of the pool and beach, good thing is though the staff were lifting some towels if other guests couldn't get a spot at the pool and the beds were empty for more than an hour. So you never needed to stress about going down to get a bed.On the beach you do have the 'traders' wanting to sell you jewellery, sunglasses, clips etc, but simply be saying no thankyou they left again. It was excellent in that sense. Also they were selling watersports which took place less than five minutes away (water too shallow outside hotel) here you could scuba dive, banana boat etc.This hotel is absolutely perfect, if you want a beautiful hotel in a beautiful area of bali. And if during the day you want the option of doing either nothing or watersports. The very very small downside is that in the evening we found it expensive to drink in the hotel and there were no nice places neaby outside to go and chill, listen to music and have a few drinks. But this is no reason not to go as you will find enough other things to occupy your time with.We did very little with being on honeymoon, but there are sooooooooooooooooo many trips that you can take to go and see some culture. We left the hotel on twos days only.......but we will definatley be back to go see some more.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PinkPerth
<Content>Coming Back Thankyou to all staff at the Laguna. Visited for one week in early Oct with our three children (aged 13 and 9 yr old twins). Had an absolute ball. There is absolutely nothing to fault about this beautiful hotel. The amenities, rooms, pools and gardens are just sensational. And the staff were so friendly and helpful. Congratulations to Management on putting together such a wonderful, working package. We will definately be coming back. And for those readers with kids the same age as ours and deciding whether or not to stay, go for it. The banana boats, flying fish, jet skis etc are only a 5 min boat ride away and the kids will love it. We grabbed a cab up to Kuta etc when we wanted to go shopping etc but it was just lovely coming back to the serenity of the Laguna. Perth WA.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>jewel02
<Content>Best Holiday Ever What can I say - THANK YOU. First time back to Bali in 10 years and what a brilliant holiday.The staff / hotel / rooms / restaurant could not be faulted. I have never experience such brilliant customer service, every staff memeber that we meet was so willing to help and so friendly. We felt that we were in absolute paradise, the ground were imaculate, the experience sensational.It was my daughters (5yrs) first trip O/S and I could not have asked for a better experience, absolutely loved it.Thank you to everyone at the Laguna for the 'Best Holiday Ever'  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ameliaStrabane
<Content>brilliant We stayed in the Laguna spa resort nasa dua .Recommended by an airline ntwork agent. Perfect for couples and honeymooners. staff friendly , location excellent. Food perfect. Just wish I could have stayed longer .....  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BB100
<Content>Absolutely Loved It!       Luxurious king size bed  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Danify
<Content>5 Days of Pure Luxury! 5 days of pure Luxury!!This was one of the most romantic beautiful resorts anywhere.We were treated like royalty and the people and staff were nothing but amazing. Food was awesome ,enjoyed dinner on the beach under moonlight.The service was a 10. After dinner we walked the entire beach walkway between hotels and it was so beautiful.We had a Lagoon room and went skinny dipping everynight around midnight and the water was perfect temp and the night lighting is just wonderful. We has breakfast on our deck every morning ,food was hot and right on time. Our butler could not do enough for us. This Hotel is one of the best Values anywhere . If you are dissapointed here you may as wll quit travelling cause it just does not get much better. I absolutley 100% recommend this Hotel. I have nothing negative to say exept that we had to leave. Just do it!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Welltravelled75
<Content>Relaxing Honeymoon       lagoon outside our room  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>SLM1Sydney
<Content>Sheer Luxury       The lagoons are so beautiful  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MythicSg
<Content>We loved it My family comprising spouse and two young sons LOVED Laguna. It was luxurious and well maintained. The rooms were large and had a bath overlooking the room from a split level. The balcony overlooked the pool meandering round the rooms. The sand pool was particularly enticing for us. It was not peak season at Bali so it felt very exclusive. We have wonderful memories of the place.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>perthtravelbugs
<Content>Fabulous!!!! We are currently staying at the Laguna resort but leave for home tomorrow. The last time we visited Bali was 10 years ago and we were less than impressed. We decided to give it another go and after some research chose Nusa Dua as the location because it is away from the hub bub of Kuta yet still accessible to all areas via taxi. Thus we could rest and relax and get to the action when required.This resort has exceeded our expectations and we are already planning our next trip. The staff have been delightful - so genuinely friendly and attentive. Our pool access room (145) is fabulous.The Ocean Terrace restaurant is a lovely place to dine if you wish to stay in and the various bars around the resort serve delicious icy cold cocktails and drinks.Breakfast is adequate 鈥?not a huge selection but very nice all the same. The little Squirrels that one preciously complained about have never been a problem but a constant source of entertainment with there high jinks antics. Best not to feed them though.I have only one recommendation to those thinking of visiting this lovely resort 鈥?Ask for a room away from the southern boundary Whilst the outlook is lovely and we did not find it necessary to ask to change rooms 鈥?there is the continual (somewhat distant) whirring coming from the resort next door which I believe is there air-conditioning units and next time we visit we will be requesting a different location.Thank you to David and his team for a fabulous stay 鈥?see you in April.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MrsMaxBelfast
<Content>Beautiful Laguna       Wonderful variety of fresh fruit  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>reneewoo
<Content>Totally wonderful       beach  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GGKLondon
<Content>Totally Disappointed I have just returned from a 10 day stay at the Laguna Resort Bali and what a disappointment. If you are looking for very average 4 service and quality (at five star prices) from a hotel then the Laguna is fine although I have stayed in better 4 star properties.The Laguna has very nice grounds and extremely friendly staff although they are not trained to anywhere near the level you would expect from such a hotel. The rooms are quite big but nothing special and the bathroom although clean to the untrained eye was not as clean as it should have been on arrival and did not improve over the time we were there. The breakfast was ok, nothing special. We decided to try the hotel鈥檚 seafood buffet dinner on the evening we arrived and it was awful there were insects crawling all over the starters buffet counter and the cooked seafood was very poor quality 鈥?a total rip off. As a result of this first night experience we ate in many wonderful restaurants outside the hotel in Seminyak, Jimbaran and Nusa Dua 鈥?100 times better quality and half the price. The hotel grounds are over-run with squirrels which guests seem to be constantly feeding and photographing. It is totally unacceptable that the hotel management does not discourage the feeding of these rodents 鈥?not everyone thinks they鈥檙e cute. Every time you sit down to have a drink they come scurrying over to you looking for food 鈥?as a result we did not have drinks in the hotel either. They are way too familiar with guests, crawling all over tables and chairs and generally being annoying. Do people not realise that these rodents can carry all kinds of diseases, you wouldn鈥檛 feed such creatures on the streets of London, Berlin, Paris or New York so why do it on holiday. As somebody who never books a hotel without doing a lot of research particularly on trip advisor I have learned a valuable lesson as I booked this hotel based on the reviews posted and it was a disaster. We considered checking out but unfortunately neither the Oberi nor the Leigan had rooms available for the rest of our stay. Finally when it came to checking out I was presented with my bill which included 拢203 for six telephone calls to the UK none of which lasted more than 11 minutes. I queried this with reception, left it with them and when I returned they had reduced the bill for telephone calls by 50% but offered no explanation as to why it was so high in the first place. I explained that I would like to know why I was overcharged in the first place and they reduced it by another 50% but still offered no explanation for the overcharge. There were other items on the bill which were also removed (two breakfasts 鈥?breakfast was included in the rate) Again this is totally unacceptable from an alleged five star hotel. CHECK YOUR BILL VERY CAREFULLY BEFORE CHECKOUT! We made the most of the holiday by just using the hotel grounds for sunbathing and the room for sleeping otherwise we spent our time traveling around the island and visiting other resorts in Bali which meant we got to see a lot of the island. I certainly would never return to the Laguna or indeed Nusa Dua (the beach is awful) and I would think very carefully about booking any starwood property again in the future.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	1	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>headinajar
<Content>Great hotel but if you like peace be careful! Booked two nights at the end of our Bali holiday after staying at Sanyas Suites in Seminyak and Nusa Dua Beach Hotel and Spa. Got a direct pool access room at a reasonable price for an upmarket five star hotel ($400 pn) and the room itself was great. White chocolate truffles, biscuits and fruit basket on arrival!Whilst waiting for my partner to finish her massage at the nearby Bali Wi Spa (she loved it), I sat by the bar near the hotel lobby and had a drink with the friendly staff. Went over to the beach bar where the staff were even more entertaining and friendly. I had the calamari which was no good and overpriced but the beer and the view was awesome.Buffet breakfast was one of the best I have ever seen. So many types of delicious food including smoothies made to order and a sushi station. Great service and exactly what you would expect from a five star establishment. The pools are fantastic and extensive surrounding the hotel. Our room had direct access to lagoon pools on the outside of the hotel which we thought would be secluded and quiet...................we were wrong. For some unknown reason we were surrounded by younf families with kids allowed to roam free and create as much noise as possible. The hotel needs to have dedicated family rooms away from other couples trying to enjoy the romance.Ordered room service on the second night and the waiter had a run in with our door and dropped a meal all over the floor smashing glass everywhere. He was very apologetic but still tried to serve our other meal. In the end it took way too long to sit down and eat but when we did the food was good and the setting very beautiful.On the last night we had a couples massage by the beach and it was awesome. Long massage with the ocean in the background and at the end a cocktail, fruit plate and more chocolates!Overall a very nice hotel but you should expect that at the price and although l liked it I hvae paid half the price for the same amount of enjoyment.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>silviu_vbs
<Content>Heaven on Earth!!!       Welcome traditional singers  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Pitstop_8
<Content>Wonderful hotel Having seen photographs of this hotel in brochures we hoped it lived up to our expectations - it did and more! The staff were wonderful, the room amazing and the pools/lagoons were just like the photographs, beautiful. Fantastic value for money when compared to UK hotels.Yes, agree with another comment, you had to be down early to get a sunbed; especially annoying when the majority of them had towels on but no people.Room service needed reminding to pick up trays but when I commented on this on our departure I received abject apologies from the General Manager - that is what I call service.We combined this with a stay at the Hyatt, Sanur, also a lovely hotel with lovely landscape gardens but the Laguna was luxury - we hope to return.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>TK_NAK
<Content>Lovely resort at Nusa Dua The Laguna is a very nice resort with impressive pools and gardens. The best pool area of all the hotels in the neihgbourhood (Westin, Nusa Dua Beach hotel etc). However, be prepared to get up early in the morning to catch a sunbed by the pool. At 7.30am all the sunbeds were already reserved, even thoug it is not allowed. But til about 11 am it is no problem to get a sunbed at the beach. Very good breakfast, but a bit crowded somtimes and the service was sometimes not the best. Compared to Intercontinental at jimbaran you are more One of the crowd here and feel more crowded. However, this is a great hotel for both couples and families with children.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>CalFlyer
<Content>Good 4-star hotel There is nothing really wrong about the Laguna Resort and Spa hotel (which, by the way, is catering to lots of Germans and Russians). My wife and I spent a nice vacation and enjoyed ourselves at this hotel:+ Upgrade to executive suite+ Generally quiet hotel environment - we never heard anything from the rooms next door+ Room clean, functional, and well maintained+ Genuinely friendly staff+ Nice landscaping+ Small, but well equipped gym+ Free DVD rentals (since there is not much you can do at night in the hotel)+ Reasonably priced drinks at hotel barsBut, in comparison to what we had expected, the Laguna fell short off our expectations in some dimensions:- Many staff members not trained to the standards of a 5-star hotel (e.g., butler with a really bad cold serving our coffee, pulling up his nose all the time; servant in breakfast place sneezing all over table and dishes when cleaning table -- DISGUSTING!)- Food quality in hotel restaurants average only, portions too small- Breakfast buffet too crowded; they should open another restaurant for breakfast- Guests from neighboring Melia hotel blocking the few Bale sunbeds without hotel security interfering- And: Plastic sunchairs on the beach (I feel, you can always tell a hotel's attention to detail by looking at the sunchairs)- Overall: a 4-star touch-and-feel; lacking the wow-factor, as a previous poster rightfully saidAlso, my wife and I felt there are much nicer locations than Nusa Dua on the island. We went to Seminyak a couple of times (e.g., to the Oberoi, the Legian, the Seminyak), where the beach is fabulously wide and the ocean accessible all the time (high and low tide). Next time, we will book a hotel in that area.Overall, we enjoyed our stay. Amongst the hotels in Nusa Dua (we actually strolled through all of them), the Laguna made the best impression (together with the Conrad). But we would probably not return to Nusa Dua and the Laguna Resort.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	4	2	3	

<Author>bcheong
<Content>Pretty good indeed Bali as many good and great hotels, so Laguna had to meet the expectations, and mostly it did.My room was large with a raised platform and balcony facing the pool. Service was mostly impeccable.My only 2 small grouses were that check-in was long and that it was difficult to find a sundeck chair by the pool. It would have helped if staff was on hand to help guests find available chairs.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Kouran
<Content>Amazing What can we say about the Laguna Spa! Amazing... Wonderful ... Everything we dreamt of... Upon arrival a friendly dong announces your arrival, with dancers and music hand played. Check in staff arrive to take your luggage, which you don't see again until already checked in and in your room! A welcome drink to cool you whilst you are guided to some lovely seats whilst they get all the paperwork ready. Room was fantastic, with a little treat organised for us for our honeymoon. The grounds are breath taking and whilst some people have recommended nearby hotels, nothing beats the two waterfalls, lagoon and peace and quiet. Staff are so friendly and go out of their way to help. Afternoon tea and cakes, provided free of charge, is a must and it always amused us that most of the guests appeared to not know about it! Due to sun seeking we used to pop down to the pool area around 7:00 am to pick the best spot, but there is plenty of sunbeds and I am not sure what people are on about when they state that they could not find a sunbed on the beach, as we had no problems at all, even when not getting there until mid morning. Food was delightful, but to keep costs down we often went out to the local restaurants - most of the time away from the Bali Collection section as this was a bit samey so we opted to take a stroll just outside the gates of Nusa Dua. Having said that, the breakfast was resfreshing in the hotel and it is worth looking at the in room dining, as this is actually a lot cheaper and just as tasty. We had a lovely meal on the balcony of our room on the last evening! Thank you to the staff and management of this hotel, who concentrate so hard on getting the basics so right and delivering a wonderful experience, you should be number one on the Bali list! Looking forward to coming back soon!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JUELLE
<Content>Paradise Re-Visited again and again We have just returned from Laguna Spa after an eight day stayand once again we have nothing but praise for the Resort, Staff,accomodation, grounds, food etc...wonderful.Our first stay at Laguna Spa was 1999 and we have been drawn back time and time again by the memory of delightful staff, beautiful gardens, the relaxing sound of waterfalls and cascades,soft breezes from the Indian ocean, excellent service andvery pleasant accomodation.Situated at Nusa Dua, you are away from the maddening crowds and sounds of traffic. Drive through the gates of Nusa Dua and you will relish the atmosphere of calm.For those with stressful lifestyles at home and in the workplace, this is the perfect holiday location. You will recharge your batteries here.For those looking for night life and noisy shopping streets, stay away, this is not for you.This Resort offers its guests beautiful memories to take home,of charming staff (that you will never forget) and after a hard dayat the office, just close your eyes and remember the gardens andlagoons of The Laguna Spa.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>5StarPerth
<Content>Our Stay @ The Laguna Resort  Bali, well i never thought i would ever return. Boy, i was proven wrong. From the moment we touched down we both thought we were royalty. The smile on the Balinese people is worth gold medals all around. If i were a millionaire they would all be coming to my home and treated to the 5 star treatments that we received. Anyway enough of that talk till later on.To David and the team, although we never got to meet you personally the professionalism of the team reflected on how well a resort of this calibre should cruise. A personal greeting, escorted to room 115 lagoon access i should say, the only way to go, but if you can't get one of these rooms you will not be disappointed, as we met people who were staying in staying in garden view rooms who were just as impressed.Coffee and chocolates arrived in minutes of request from our butler Tom and the white chocolates were divine.Popping open a bottle of French bubbly started day one of our 5 night stay in paradise as the sign at the entrance of the resort says.The waters of the lagoon got the better of me so in i go. Sun beaming down, 30 degrees how could one resist.5 nights could easily i wish turn into 5 years. Would you like a drink from the bar sir, Bintang thankyou, make that two please, remembering i was not alone by the gentle nudge from my wife.Pizza followed, i thought of the waist line but who cares after all you are in paradise and if you are really care the fitness centre will more than accommodate your every need. But i needed to save room for the excellent cuisine the resort has on offer. Mee Goreng was on the cards there were no second thoughts and with views of the ocean a white wine in hand what more can one say.Waking the next day, was omelettes or cereal on the menu for breakfast, it really didn't matter as everything was there even a continental breakfast bar for those on the move, Cafe Lagoon will please every connoisseur. By the way Putra is a great host it is like you have known him for years. Save room for lunch, don't get too carried away.Afternoon tea at Mayang Sari is a must, sampling pastries and cuisine the restaurant has on offer is the best way to go.By now it was time to get back to the pool for a little gentle exercise meaning pool volleyball, one has to do something. It was southern hemisphere v northern and for someone of the 40 club i led the southern to a great victory. Well done.Not forgetting my room and pool access we head back their but not before a challenge of another game and time for tomorrows rematch.With huge beds and LCD screen and DVD player on call you can get very comfortable but you do want to enjoy what this resort has on offer so it鈥檚 back to the pool i go and to capture the sun i came in search of and the tan i got who needs a solarium.The amenities in the bathrooms are fantastic catering for your every need. I thought i had the best shower in town but i know now i only get the silver medal. With a big bath and bath salts you could lay there forever not forgetting a glass or two of bubbly.Slippers, bathrobes everything you could want is there.The Laguna Resort and Spa is there to please and you cannot go wrong. Don't forget to get a massage by the beach, you are in heaven even if you are ticklish like me, an hour is well worth the laugh.The ladies and gentlemen at reception and concierge are the best with any of our requests met there and then. It was sad to see people checking out and returning home knowing that our turn was soon to come, but hey we all know that just around the corner we will return.So David, thank you very much to your self and the team for making our stay a very memorable experience. I will be telling friends and colleagues of your resort so that they can share the same experience as we did. We can only wish we were their today. To all the guests that are with you today, Enjoy. Look forward to meeting you in the not to distant future.Regards,Dean Potakacc David CuddonGeneral Manager The Laguna Resort  Spa, Nusa Dua Bali E-mail: david.cuddon@luxurycollection.com  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>caroline037
<Content>Baik Bagus Terimah Kasih If only the whole world was as serene and utopian as the Laguna Resort and Spa...take me back to the blue lagoon with gentle franjipani breezes and technicolor bouganvillias. Always service with a smile, performed above and beyond the call of duty. Fragrant, spacious garden of Eden. Food prepared with loving consideration for fussy vegetarians like us. Staff always ready to return our babies blown kisses. Really only regret about this paradise was having to leave after a glorious week. But we'll be back next chance the Gods grace us with such a magical holiday.To all the staff, squirrels and nature devas there- Aum Swasti Astu, Thank you.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>telis
<Content>best in the area-not what we expected though.       lagoon pool and bale  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sophie_Spain
<Content>A good option - top location for Nusa Dua Nice hotel in general, well located and well maintained.Stayed in a nice superior room, with separate shower, spacious and well furbished. Had a chance to see the standard room, not that nice, oldish bathroom (although they say they have just refurbished the rooms). If you plan to stay at the Laguna, treat yourself to the larger room, it is worth the money.Service is good, the concierge team will arrange any kind of reservations and day-trips for you. Breakfast by the pool is very good and pleasant. We have not tried the other hotel restaurants as there are many places to have dinner at nearby (much cheaper than the hotel restaurants). There is the Bali Collection with many stores and restaurants at a 5-minute walk.A tip: do not use the hotel airport transfer, it costs 23$ per car whereas the normal taxi costs about 6-8$.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>SusieJue
<Content>Bets all my expectations! Outstanding       Fresh fruit daily  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>JetsonTravel
<Content>A wanderful place to relax and spend family vacation       before gate to the resort  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fabholslover
<Content>Lacking the 'wow' factor The Laguna is a perfectly fine '4' star hotel with nicely appointed junior suites, lovely grounds and friendly staff - and thats it!I'm afraid after having stayed in other '5' star hotels in Bali over the last few years we were looking for something more from our stay.Whilst the lagoon pools  garden areas are decorated with Balinese statues the rooms could belong to any city in the world. The bathrooms are ok but the layout (in the junior suite) of wardrobe, dressing area, bath, shower AND toilet all in ONE room is, in my opinion, quite unworkable. The bed was comfortable, linen clean but the balcony of the lagoon access room was incredibly small meaning that we couldn't really take advantage of the facility - why not build larger decks outside those rooms??The breakfast buffet is ok and the setting of the restaurant, beside the lagoon pool is very nice. Look inwards, however, and, once again you could be anywhere - and why do they have to play muzak during the meal - whats wrong with 'gamelan'??To sum up the Laguna is fine if you want a general '4' star hotel experience in the sunshine. If you want a truely Balinese, '5' star, luxury experience then think again. We decided to cut short our stay and move to one of our favourite hotels in the area (Grand Hyatt) where we felt so much more relaxed and refreshed.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kentan8
<Content>Did not disappoint       beach at hotel at high tide  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravellerNow
<Content>One of the Best in Bali This is our second trip to Bali - part fun and part work. First year we had a private villa which was nice but limited us to one spot. This year we stayed first nights at The Ritz Carlton in a huge one bedroom villa with private pool - wonderful. Next stop was the Novotel in Nusa Dua - we saw it and left immediately. The Laguna kindly took us in and the service from the greeting at the door to the afternoon teas in the library, to the breakfast staff that remembers you each day - was amazing. The staff are sincerely friendly, kind and actually assist. Our bags were brought by the Concierge from the Novotel without event or even a charge. All the other reviews about the restaurants, pools, delightful breakfast, garden setting, internet in the room that actually works - are all true. We stayed over a week and then returned for another few days after our time in Ubud - make sure you stay there too !The excercise room is great and available 24 hours. We didn't try the massages here - but the body treatments - waxing and pedicure were not the best. Try the massages just down the road at the Grand Hyatt - wonderful new spa with great setting.We ate at the hotel and for Japense at the hotel next door - a Westin I think ? We also went often to Seminyak - we didn't mind taking a taxi back and forth as it could be a little dull in Nusa Dua. The Library Restaurant and of course Ultimo are wonderful values in Seminyak.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JezzaK
<Content>there are better places to stay at This was my third visit to Nusa Dua, but twice before we had stayed at the Grand Hyatt. Needless to say, we ended up transferring back to the Grand Hyatt after a few nights at the Laguna.There were no real problems with the resort, just it wasn't really up to the standards of the Grand Hyatt. It was a nice place, and the room was clean with sufficient air conditioning, but the balcony of our junior suite was awfully small to accomodate three guests. The staff were friendly and inviting, but the pool bar waiter (who took down drink orders from people sat by the pool) never came down to the far end, where our sunbeds were. The eye catching lagoon style pool with mock beach was very pleasant, and the waterfalls surrounding it made for a nice view. however, the pool water always seemed to have flowers from the trees in it - which I feel is no problem. However it is a problem when the staff, armed with large plastic bins and wetsuits, constantly meander around the pool, seemingly doing nothing to clean it. This rather disturbed the view, and also gave us quite a shock when we opened our lagoon access room window early in the morning to find a man right outside our room with - you guessed it - a large plastic bin.Overall, nice place, good food, but nothing special, and we felt to make the most of our 13 hour ttravel to Bali, we had to stay in a more luxorious hotel.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dave7272
<Content>Simply the best Quick e mail just to say that we have come back from our honeymoon and stayed at the Laguna Resort. We had the best time and the resort and staff where simply the best. We stay in many 5 star hotels around the world and found the service was second to none.I have notice that someone from Montreal wrote in saying the service was terrible I find this unbelivable and this prompt me to write in.Not sure what service you get in Montreal but I personally guarentee this is untrue and to prove the point the Hotel manager has even taken time out to write his comments.If you are thinking of going to Bali stay there  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EDW100
<Content>An Outstanding resort We stayed here for three weeks and frankly it was not long enough. We normally stay at the Four Seasons but as we were staying a long time decided to come down a notch and we were not disappointed. This is a very well run resort with very motivated staff. The room, spa, resturants, beech etc were all excellent I can fully recomend it.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mishoSofia
<Content>Excellent hotel - a real pleasure despite the poor beach conditions       Laguna pool - one of the many  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katrinad
<Content>Absolute paradise My husband and I have just returned from a six night stay in Bali. It is our 6th visit to Bali, and we usually stay in Nusa Dua at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel, but this time, as we didn鈥檛 have our children (ages 7 and 10) with us, we decided to go up a notch and stay at the Sheraton Laguna as we had always admired it. For those unfamiliar with Nusa Dua, the Sheraton Laguna is located on a lovely white sandy beach/lagoon in a strip of four up market hotels which all back directly on to the beach. They are all joined by a lovely pathway which runs the length of the beach at the back of each hotel. Although all are nice hotels, in my opinion the Sheraton Laguna is the best.The Sheraton Laguna did not disappoint. In fact, it was the best resort I have ever stayed at. Our room was spacious with an extremely comfortable king size bed and good size bathroom with a large corner bath. There was a plasma TV mounted on the wall and a DVD player, which was great to play the tons of DVDs which all tourists end up buying. It was decorated and furnished beautifully with a balcony which overlooked the immaculate gardens and extensive pool area.The pools were out of this world. They ran almost the entire way around the hotel (hence the name 'Laguna'). Sun lounges looked almost new and were extremely comfortable with thick cushions. There were sandy beach entrances at some of the pools which were perfect for young children. Breakfast was an absolute feast with every conceivable food presented magnificently. I read somewhere they had an international food stylist and it showed. The gardens were huge and beautifully maintained and all public areas of the hotel were immaculately clean. There are many pool areas which meander through the grounds and lots of spots to relax. The Spa had a lovely spa bath, plunge pool and hot water foot bath. We ate at the 鈥淥cean Terrace鈥?restaurant one evening and the meal was very good. The service was exceptional. All staff were extremely friendly and professional. There is a shopping complex about five minutes away accessible by hotel shuttle. It has a large Sogo department store and a few other stores like surf wear etc. Worth a visit if you feel like getting out of the hotel. The village of Tanjung Benoa is also about 10 minutes away by taxi (about $2-3) with a strip of restaurants and shops, you can get a decent meal here for two with drinks for about $20 AUD. On this trip we stayed 3 nights at the Laguna, then moved to the Sofitel in Seminyak to be near the shops etc. I wish we had stayed at the Laguna as it was significantly better than the Sofitel and the beach at Seminyak was apalling by Australian standards. I don't think I would stay in the Kuta-Legian-Seminyak area again. It seems to get dirtier every year.It was an amazing visit and I can't recommend this hotel highly enough. I would most definitely go back again. About the only negative thing I can think of is that it was very difficult to get a sun lounge by the pool unless you got up seemingly in the middle of the night to reserve one as they were all taken very early, but I don鈥檛 know what (if anything) management can do about this, and I know it happens in most large resorts. Also, international telephone calls from the hotel were unbelievably expensive (around $50 AUD for a 5 or 10 minute call to Melbourne) and in hindsight we should have organised a phone card or something before we left home.I think you would have to be a very, very fussy or jaded traveller to find fault with the Sheraton Laguna.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dalrae
<Content>Best Hotel in Bali! The Laguna staff delivers 5 star service and the amenities are better than the other hotels in the Luxury Collection. (I know this because I met a girl staying next door at the Westin and she said her room did not even have a bathtub!) Upgrade to the lagoon access room - there is nothing better than walking onto your verandah to take a quick dip in the semi-private lagoon. I loved the oversized corner bathtub with its window into the bedroom, flat screen television in the room, and welcome truffles. Ask for the Butler Service package: free cappuccinos and pastries anytime you want.The breakfast buffet was scrumptious and most mornings the staff has something new they are trying out and bring you a sample to your table.Words of advice: 1. go to the beach area early if you want to save a bed. The hotel states its policy as saving a bed if you are going to use it immediately. Many tourists flouted the rule by saving beds for hours whilst eating or going for walks; the beds are the best, but you may have to ask the staff to enforce their policy.2. If you are interested in purchasing items, do buy from the beach merchants. I stupidly thought that the prices would be cheaper in town and was embarassed to find I had screwed up a deal with the shell dish merchant (his prices were 30% cheaper than in town and almost 90% cheaper than the hotel!) I purchased a string of pearls thinking they were nice costume jewelry only to find out that they were real pearls and I had paid 1/10 of the cost I would have anywhere else in the world for natural pearls! (If you see the little man with glassy looking eyes selling dishes made of seashells and mother of pearl - buy from him! My only regret from that trip was thinking he was scamming me.) Hotel security guards monitor the merchants, so do not worry about being robbed.3. Ask the day Concierge for assistance and advice. Ours recommended a scuba service that was better than the hotels. 4. Travel to the west side of the island to watch the sun set. Admittedly, the restaurants cater to the tourist crowd (the price reflects it), but the freshly grilled seafood and table on the beach are worth the trip. If you want to indulge - do book a moonlight massage by the beach. The hotel's spa is top notch, but do spoil yourself by booking into a local spa for several hours for almost the same price. I will caveat this by stating the local spas do not have as nice of facilities or attention to details, but for the price of two massages, I treated myself to 4 hours at a local spa.The only downside to the entire Nusa Dua area is there is not much to see in terms of snorkeling However, book a cheap day trip to one of the other islands for amazing underwater life. I saw a molamola (a.k.a. Sunfish) out of season and was over the moon!A week was not enough for me - I was sorely disappointed when I could not change my ticket to stay 3 more days. I look forward to returning to this hotel specifically.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fourdoor
<Content>Terrific Place Just got back from two weeks at the Laguna. Beautiful place, would highly recommend. My partner and I went + our good friend. We thought Bali was nice, but the hotel is what made it for us. Pools everywhere and landscaped such that something beautiful around every turn. Great beach and constant service everywhere inside and out. Restaurants are good. We were surprised not more people stay for dinner. The Indonesian restaurant has some terrific offerings and so does the seafood restaurant; some wow experiences, we thought. Bravo.Spa is beautiful and good. The three of us each went twice for several treatments each time. Can get cheaper and good elsewhere in Bali, but still good prices at the Spa compared with what we get in New York! The hotel has butler service, which amounts to quickly delivered complimentary coffee, tea, and extra pillows/etc. Also a daily complimentary 3pm tea at the Indonesian restaurant which is just darn nice-- delicious little cakes and other tastes; feels like an intimate gathering, and had a bit of entertainment each time we went. Currency Exchange rates are decent at the Bank office at the hotel (i.e, NOT at the hotel itself, but rather at the Bank which has an office at the hotel). There and in most places in Bali, they give you a better rate in exchanging US$ if you have $100 bills, rather than $50s or $20s. Further, many places in Bali (though not the case with the Bank) will NOT accept $20s that are dated before 1997. Transport is cheap, whether taxi, or car w/ driver. Easiest and cheap to have the Concierge call you a taxi for smaller trips. For our longer daytrip we arranged through the hotel and got a driver in a nice, air conditioned minivan for US$13/hour, though we could have done for less if we booked outside the hotel.Various Advice/Hints/Notes: 鈾?Bring laptop because hotel has wireless in many places. 鈾?At low tide walk out and if you're lucky you'll see locals catching octopus! 鈾?Try the hotel restaurants, including when they set up a show and cordon off an area for a dinner; food is just very well done. 鈾?Don't drink the water anywhere in Bali, even to brush teeth; ask your butler for more free bottles of water! 鈾?Not a lot of kids at the hotel. 鈾?The rollaway bed for our friend was a very comfortable single bed. 鈾?There is a great little outdoor Jacuzzi/plunge pool/etc. area at the Spa that all guests can use even if not using the Spa, which is underused and terrific, including a foot therapy wading pool which I鈥檓 still trying to figure out how it works. 鈾?You can use Starwood points not just to pay the nightly rate, but for everything else at the hotel. 鈾?Most places in Bali charge an extra 21% on meals, etc., which covers both tax and gratuity, so usually no need to tip unless you want to. 鈾?Bring bug spray for evenings (otherwise can get bites on ankles). 鈾?Have a nightcap in the outdoor gazebos in front of the ocean at night; easy to find free ones in the evenings. 鈾?Around the corner from the Hotel is 鈥淭he Bali Collection, which is a mall of decent shops and restaurants. 鈾?Highly recommend the cooking class at Bumbu Bali, especially the early AM visit to the markets, a cultural treat the way the guy does it. 鈾?We found Balinese wine (and thus, most house wines in Bali restaurants) to be extremely sweet, so beware! OK, back to work until the next vacation!Cheers,Fourdoor  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Calpespain
<Content>Very Good Hotel This review has been written with a critical eye, by a retiree, enjoying life with his wife. Please remember that any and most reviews are the personal opinion of the writer and no one review should be taken as gospel.A report of our Bali Airport arrival is at the end of this review:Arrived at the hotel 2300hrs, to be greeted by name and shown to a lounge seat in front of the reception desk, to fill in the arrival card. Efficient, prompt and courteous service along with an arrival drink. Shown and taken to our deluxe king-size bed room within a few minutes: All rooms at this hotel have been renovated two years ago, to a good high standard. We stayed in a Deluxe King-size bedded room with lagoon view. The lagoon here, however, surrounds in the most, the whole of the accommodation blocks. There are 3 blocks of 4 stories, each block serviced by lifts. Only the front facing rooms benefit from the sun morning and evening, the rear of the hotel, never gets the sun, which I would say could make the room somewhat dark if yours is one with a palm tree outside.Only a couple of the high end suite rooms actually have sea view/facing. Some rooms have sea glimpses but most have lagoon/ pool view. The rooms are well furnished and well described in other reviews here, plus the guests photographs are an accurate record currently of this hotels standards. The room attendants are almost invisible, similar to a luxury top end cruise ship but without the trolleys. Never encountered a housekeeping trolley during our whole stay. An added plus at this hotel is the free supply of bottled water to your room each and everyday. Some rooms also receive fresh fruit, we did not but, I saw lots that did. The beds are super king-size and are a good 7鈥?wide and very comfortable for this part of the world. The Bathrooms have been renovated but not wholly. The original bath tub and original granite type wall and floor tiles remain. Nevertheless, a good and acceptable standard for a branded luxury resort hotel. Our towels were changed twice daily and the bathroom cleaned too. Towels of a very good quality not hard and dry like some, soft and fluffy as you would like them to be. Both the room and bathroom were kept in an immaculate condition throughout our stay. I could not fault the housekeeping at this hotel.The Pool: This is a large free form pool with a large outside area. The only problem we encountered, due to there only being 30 sun loungers around the pool, was that you had to be early or lucky to get one. The quality of these sun loungers is of high quality with very good mattresses and always a plentiful supply of good beach towels available at the pool/ beach house hut. Bales are in abundance at this hotel, at least 15 or possibly more, some on the beach front and some more secluded at the rear of the hotel grounds. Other sun loungers were available which are dotted around either a lagoon or the small children鈥檚 lagoon pool area. Some of the lagoons have a sandy shallow beach to enter and leave the water from. Ideal for children, although we did not encounter many staying at this hotel, possibly due to the fact that currently the hotel will not discount it鈥檚 rooms below about $230US per night. Where some hotels here go as low as $80US including breakfast.The Extra Mile: This hotel provided a free sun glass cleaning service, right at your sun lounger, cold refreshing towels at noon, free afternoon tea, free tropical drink once a day, about lunchtime, free bottled water in room. Free beach/sun towels plus plenty of free smiles. This hotel has got it right!The Beach: This is a great beach with good facilities, and no, there are not hordes of beach sellers like, you can get on many African and European beaches. There are a few, and I mean a few and, they are never intrusive to the point of annoyance. Ample hotel provided beach sun loungers with good mattresses. A good beach front bar which provides lunchtime snacks. Food service is slow, but if you ask for it to be brought to you quickly it will, but you have to ask. Other hotels near of this one have very good beach front bars and lunchtime/evening fairly priced menus. The hotel鈥檚 price, for lunchtime snacks is of a 5 star hotel prices. The evening priced menu however for me is too expensive for a resort holiday hotel. Hence, all of this hotels restaurants during our stay were very quiet and not well patronised.Restaurants are 3 in total: Caf茅 Lagoon where you take breakfast and can take lunch/dinner. The prices compared to others are higher that you may expect. The Ocean Terrace: Again the food here at lunchtime and dinner, is on the high side and it makes you wonder why they do not want to fill their restaurants with their guests as their room occupancy rate is over 95%. The food is of a good standard and the service is second to none, it鈥檚 just the high prices. Our meal, with an inexpensive bottle of wine was about $250US鈥o me that鈥檚 expensive for a holiday hotel. We also ate in the:- Mayang Sari Fine dining restaurant during our stay. We chose the Executive chef鈥檚 digestion menu which considering the quality /presentation/ service and ambiance this is a night to remember experience. You couldn鈥檛 fault anything and it was a memorable experience that everyone should enjoy at least once during a luxury resort holiday. The executive chef: I Made Putra is an outstanding chef and, has won many accolades during his career and you should give your taste buds a treat. Visit him in the Mayang Sari Restaurant if nothing else.Overall, the hotel is the best you will find at this time in Nusa Dua with attentive staff that really do wish you a happy and enjoyable stay with them. This write-up from jetsettersmagazies is more comprehensive and is again an accurate and true write up of this delightful gem of a hotel.Outside of the hotel are many restaurants in the local village and just 500 metres from the hotel the Bali Collection where there are about 10 good quality restaurants where you can dine for as little as $25 for the two of you plus wine at $20 a bottle鈥 real good deal. Considering that the Laguna is located in a very good up-market area where streets have good pavements/sidewalks with ample lighting and you can walk to all of the outside restaurants within 5 minutes and in safety. You are in a protected security area of Nusa Dua all roads have a check-point and they do search every vehicle.Private taxi: Taxi鈥檚 are plentiful in this area and the private guys are good too. We found one for $25 a day, from 8am to 10pm in a new Suzuki APV with 2 arm chair seats in the rear for extra comfort. His name is Komag Wira and his telephone number is 62 (0)818 0554 1150, I highly recommend him, his brother owns and runs a local Balinese restaurant where you could eat for $1(one) if you so wished鈥 just visited and took a drink..For free as part of our day tour.[--]Bali Airport and Jet Star:We arrived in Bali on a Jest Star flight from Sydney arrived 21.30hrs 15th June. We flew Jet Star, 鈥楽tar Class鈥?and had contacted the hotel to received VIP airport arrival and transfer package.( $70US) Upon disembarking the aircraft a guide was waiting for us before passport control, immigration and Visa upon arrival. We handed the guide $50US for that Visa and he slipped away with our passports and returned within a minute with both passports stamped and visa inside. No queuing, there were 4 large flights arrived at the same time, and fellow passengers were in the queue still long after we had left the airport. Jet Star鈥檚 baggage service for its 鈥楽tar Class鈥?passengers has no priority whatsoever, ours actually arrived at the carrousel at 22.40, considering we landed at 21.30. That鈥檚 appalling for such a small airport. On all of my flights where there has been no option other than to fly with them, I have found the flight crew to be remarkably friendly and efficient, but there ground staff both in Brisbane and our experience in Sydney was poor to say the least. Some staff, not even knowing where the Star class check-in line was. On every flight I have taken with them, the baggage is an issue upon arrival, they actually load the aircraft with departing passenger鈥檚 luggage before they attempt to get the incoming passengers luggage to the carousel. The baggage handling upon arrival is the worst I have encountered with any airline let alone a budget airline that has won budget airline of the year.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>traveler30
<Content>Should have stayed longer I picked the Laguna for the first two nights of our honeymoon on Bali. In hindsight, we should have stayed longer to enjoy everything this very nice resort offers.As others have said, the grounds are superb with a lagoon running throughout. Lots of pools to jump in, as well as the ocean. Staff was very nice and helpful and rooms were above average. We only ate breakfast in the hotel, but I would rank that very high with lots of choices.it's also quite handy that a tourist mall is just a 5 minute walk away. For very reaonsble prices there are a number of other dining options and a small department store to pick up anything you forgot. There's even a market with great deals on the exotic local fruit.I would definitely recommend this hotel for a relaxing 3-4 night stay.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sheilab017
<Content>Fantastic holiday Have just returned from this wonderful resort and had a truly relaxing holiday. The resort,its eversmiling staff, the beautiful landscaping and the wonderful meals were all faultless. We have travelled the world and never found a hotel/resort that matches the Laguna.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AMurphyNorfolkUK
<Content>Great Hotel Even Better Staff Excellent hotel. The staff really made our stay special, they cannot do enough for you. It is out of the way a little, but we found that after doing a full day touring around Bali it was also nice to have a days relaxation in the complex. The only slight negative if I had to pick, is there is no night life what so ever. The place is dead. Me and my wife decided to eat in the hotel on a couple of nights and both times there were only one or two couples in the entire place. The food is great and the butler service is very efficient. Prices are a expensive in the resort compared to the rest of Bali, but put in comparison to the uk its still dirt cheap. If you are going to shop, it does pay to go out of Nusa Dua, cabs are plentiful and cheap and you can hire a private driver for a full days tour for no more than 拢30, well worth it. The facilities at the hotel are really good and the location for the beach is first class, with plenty of sun loungers. One tip I would give, is to perhaps save money, don't bother with a lagoon access room, as they appear to lack privacy as people are swimming back and forward passed your very small balcony to which you will have the hassle of using your room towel to dry instead of one of the many beach towels provided for the sun loungers. The staff really help make this place a very nice place to stay and we would have no hesitation in returning.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pink_hearts_8
<Content>Terrible..we did not like The Laguna Resort  The Laguna Resort  Spa was a total let down.We expected better service and the room shows its age.Tacky decor with staff and service to match.If the price was reduced by 75% it would be a start.Not very impressed.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	1	2	

<Author>Elle1983
<Content>Fantastic!! I'm still dreaming about our stay in The Laguna...       Fish Restaurant - outside  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DebbieCakes
<Content>Amazing Honeymoon, Amazing Hotel       Our Champagne Breakfast  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>28th_illusion
<Content>Paradise       hallway  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PerthVal
<Content>Sheraton Laguna Nusa Its a little dated...We hoped it would have more style considering the cost.Sadly it was very poor value.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>MatthewRob
<Content>Lush grounds The Laguna is a beautiful hotel located behind secure gates in Nusa Dua. The grounds are amazing and the pools are either accessible directly from the ground floor rooms or are faux lagoons with beaches.The beach is quiet, there are vendors, but they don't bother you too much unless you ask to look at their wares. The beach and the water are amazingly clean. Unlike the other side of Bali, this beach is totally swimmable with no huge waves to bash you over.The rooms and bathrooms are fairly large and modern. The balconies are great too. Only disappointing thing were the ants which were devouring my chocolates and cookies when I arrived. Housekeeping promptly came and sprayed and the next day a guy was there to do a thorough pest control.Nusa Dua is great if you want peace and tranquility and to just relax on a beach. It is secluded and its own little tourist community with mall. For a little more variety and nightlife, I wouldnt recommend staying here.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>odonneb
<Content>Great business meeting We have to thank the entire Laguna Resort  Spa staff for the excellent support and service that they all provided during our company sales meeting in June. The property was excellent, and the service from the staff was top notch. There were no requests that we made that went unfulfilled, and they never said no! All of the participants in the meeting had great feedback for the resort and the service they received from the staff. We were particularly impressed with the sand sculpture of our company logo they had set up on the beach during our opening reception, and the wonderful closing dinner that included the Balinese dancing and culture.So once again, thanks to all the people at the Laguna Resort  Spa for the hard work in helping make our meeting a very memorable one. They provided a great customer experience!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>prasan68
<Content>Loved the Laguna The property was excellent with very prompt and courteous service.I had taken two rooms and they made a mistake in the contracted rate for the second room which was corrected when I pointed it out. One of the staircases is made of irregular stone because of which I tripped and fell but I guess I should have been more careful.The breakfast was excellent and the quality of food was overall very good. The activities for children were limited though.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SWTTRAVELS
<Content>Very nice resort - Total Relaxation.       Beach  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DanishTurist
<Content>wonderfull Wonderfull place, much like the marriot on phuket. Of course its a big place, not smal and intimate, but even though very nice, much of it because of the pool area who is vinding about in the garden, The beach is nice too. Delicius rooms, flatscreen tv, nice bath rooms, but tub and shower in one, with very high ends, so you almost have to climb, not that easy. The pool/pools is lovely, and there ig a very high level of service everywhere.Beautyfull lobby area, and a nice spa.Breakfast god, with a person only to make the juice you want  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tritentrue
<Content>Very Pleasant! During my 5-night stay, this resort was pretty much everything one could reasonably expect of a great resort.The grounds are beautifully landscaped, security is good without being overly conspicuous, and my room was spacious, clean, and comfortable.Breakfast buffet had a great variety of food, well-prepared and tasty. I enjoyed good service and delicious food at dinner as well.The resort is situated on a beautiful beach that is plenty long enough to find an isolated spot. There are shops and restaurants within easy walking distance.Best of all, resort staff were uniformly pleasant and helpful. Although the Kuta Beach area is more lively, I will likely choose Laguna again on my next visit to Bali, and I heartily recommend it to others.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>seattlenativemike
<Content>Solo Amongst the Couples in Nusa Dua Paradise A really nice place very well laid out and all the amenities you could want. Clean rooms, a bit musty but very nice. Food was decent if a bit salty. Staff amazingly pleasant as were the locals. None of that you hijacked our paradise vibe one gets in Hawaii for example. Makeup of guests seems to be about 3/4's Russians, a lot of Australians/NZ and Brits and a few Americans. I was travelling alone to Bali after finishing some work in Jakarta and this place makes one painfully aware of ones solo status as everyone else seems to be paired up. So I would call this an ideal place for a couple or honeymoon or to jump start the passion. Also took a great tour from Tours East to see the Monkey Forest etc and it involved a minimal amount of running the vendor gauntlet as I call it and our guide was very informative and pleasant (even after it was clear i wasnt here to buy anything).  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>WinnipegNomad
<Content>Absolute paradise The hotel property was stunning. Everywhere you looked it was lush and green. And the layout of the lagoon just looked endless with the way it wrapped around the resort. Our room was a Deluxe Lagoon View room with a King Size bed. Everything from the bed to the bathroom was great. It was kept so clean and the design of the room was very up to date and modern. Our view of the lagoon was everything we expected...we had breakfast on the balcony every day. We restricted our meals on the property to the Cafe Lagoon and in-room dining as it was quite expensive which was to be expected. We came as Starwood platinum members and the service was outstanding. We just loved how every hotel staff we encountered could remember us and address us by name. Everyone was just so friendly and would greet us every time we would pass by. For those who plan to travel around Bali or want a more active nightlife just keep in mind that the location of the hotel is in the southern part of Bali. So it is not as central or as close to the busier tourist areas such as Kuta, which was about a 20 mins taxi ride away. But this is what we preferred for our stay. It was such a relaxing environment to be in that the only thing we regret is that we didn't have the time to stay there longer. We would definitely consider going back there.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jcjchung
<Content>Excellent Hotel!!! This is a well run, well maintained hotel. The rooms are clean and spacious. The lagoon view rooms have a glass partition between the spa and bedroom (you can see into the shower/ spa from the bedroom) and loved it!!!!The hotel hosts the best buffet breakfast I have ever experienced in the world. It was tasty, fresh and presentation was good. We also tried several restaurants including room service and they were all exellent in terms of food quality and service.The pools at the hotel were great. There are so many of them!!!One negative about this resort would be that they do not have enough deck chairs for everyone and alot of people would put their towel out at breakfast time to reserve their seats. The situation is a particular problem with the half a dozenof bales available. There is a hotel sign advising guests against this selfish act but is often ignored by guests. Overall, it was a great experience and I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BaliHoliday07
<Content>LOVED LOVED LOVED the Laguna This was our 2nd time staying at the Laguna though the 1st w/ our kids (5yr and 1 1/2yr). Our holiday in Bali coincided w/ our son's 6th bday and so we told the hotel to prepare a cake for him which they did free of charge. It was a fabulously delicious chocolate mouse cake! When the staff found out about his bday at brunch, they came out w/ a cheesecake for him - complete w/ candles. Another night they had a plate of chocolate dipped strawberries along w/ a choc chip cookie for the kids! During tea time they would serve my kids as many helpings of cake as they liked and prepared fresh, steaming pots of hot chocolate! The service was just GREAT. The staff was just so accommodating - i.e. my son kept hurting himself and then asking the pool bar staff for bandages which they always gave him even when they had to go and get some from somewhere else. At the Spa Salon I asked for a children's haircut which they did w/o charge (may be b/c I had gotten a haircut, massage, etc. - but either way they were very nice about it!). On night my husband and I brought a bagful of tropical fruits to one of the bales and were about to sit down and cut/peel them when one of the staff said they would do it for us. 10 minutes later, the fruit arrived on platters, all peeled and cut w/o charge! And the staff member even APOLOGIZED for taking so long! Let me just say, he received a great tip from us just for his smile and great attitude!Thats just a brief overview of their IMPECCABLE service-oriented staff. Hands down one of the best if not THE BEST hotels i have been to!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RubyBern
<Content>A very unique place to stay The hotel is situated in the Nusa Dua area of Bali. It is a highly secured area with security checks of the cars and luggage at the entrance.Overall the hotel is really charming, with an open lobby and a truly beautifull tropical garden surrounding the hotel. In the garden you can find several typical balinese archotectue like statutes, fountains, bridges.It has 3 pools of which one is accessible by the hotel rooms on the main floor. The second pool is designed like a sandy beach including an artificial waterfall. The third pool is a traditional pool. During our stay, the hotel was not crowded.The rooms have really nice and comfortable beds, a plasma TV (opposite the bed), a balcony (with a splendid view on the tropical garden and lagoon) and a desk. The bathroom is quite big. We felt that the room cleaning was very good and discrete. Also the butler service is very nice, you can order coffee to your room, free of charge. As we had only booked breakfast, I can just tell you that the buffet offered was splendid and very good: lots of different food, even rice and sushi. A cook would also prepare omelets at your own taste. The service in the breakfast room could be kind of hectical when all the tables were full. The beach is not the best you might find in Bali but we found it truly relaxing and enjoyable unless you can ignore the beach sellers (Hello? Sungalsses, watches,..) The service on the beach and in the pool area is very friendly, although not the fastest.Overall I found it a really nice place to stay an will definitly return.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Edges
<Content>Still my favorite at the Nusa Dua area I have stayed at this hotel three times over the past eight years and my last one was in early April 2008. What I like most about this hotel is the lagoon pools that almost surround the hotel. It allows me to find a private place to swim anytime. From the lagoon access rooms (my favorite), one can just step into the pool directly from the terrace of the room. There are also plenty of places where one can just laze around all day almost in complete privacy.For me, the size of the hotel - just under 300 rooms - is good because it allows for a more personal level of service yet it still has a good choice of food and beverage outlets. The service is good and the management is really concerned about it. I also found that the staff do not discriminate domestic guests (Indonesians) from international guests. Yes, sadly, in Indonesia one will still find places where they would discriminate and treat domestic tourists less in comparison to international ones. Thank God it is not the case at this hotel, ever!A little note for those who are sensitive towards noises: ask for a room further from the next door Melia Hotel as they sometime has noisy events in the evenings. In my experience, one event there did not stop until just before midnight.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>CandyJenkins
<Content>Honeymoon stop 2 We stayed in this hotel as the second part of our 3 part honeymoon and we had a great time.The hotel was nicely styled and the bathrooms were fun (you can see the tv in the lounge through the window by the bath). Lovely reception from the Balinesse dancers.The little step ladders from your balcony down to the pool were a nice touch, but not something we used very often as we were located on the shaded side of the pool.Food was great. I can highly recommend a couples moonlight massage aswell.The beach was a little disappointing as the tide went out a very long way, and for the majority of the day it seemed. Consequently the 4 poster beds by the pool go very quickly - and the ones by the beach are normally empty.We had a lovely stay - 5/7 days would be enough though I think.I have to say that the most memorable part of Bali for us was when we took the Landrover safari up into the mountains for the day. I begrudged getting up so early initially, but the restaurant at the top of the rainforst was fabulous - the padi fields need to be seen if you're in Bali.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bolton07Wales
<Content>Fabulous Hotel with very friendly staff From the warm welcome to the sad goodbye , our stay at the hotel was great in every aspect .Breakfast has to be experienced to be appreciated although dinners could be expensive . However , as usual , you get what you pay for .All the hotel staff from the General Manager ( yes he is easily available ) downward are extremely friendly , welcoming and eager to please .There are hawkers on the beach but they also have the Balinese gift of a warm smile and friendly disposition .The guests are cosmopolitan with no rowdiness and a genteel air of luxury and laziness prevails .The hotel , in summary , satisfied all of our holiday wishes .  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ambichon
<Content>** Heaven on Earth ** My fiance (then Boyfriend)  I decided that for our first overseas trip away together we would head to the sunny shores of Nusa Dua. I have been to Nusa Dua a few times before, but had never stayed at The Laguna.The hotel was wonderful! On arrival you are greeted by traditional balinese dancers, and the most amazing reception anywhere in Bali. The staff were more than helpful, and as we were Starwood prefered guests (I highly recommend joining this programe) we were upgraded to a 'Prefered Guest Suite'. The room was on the ground floor and you stepped off your verandah into the pool! This option is well worth the little extra charge, especially for those late night swims :)We stayed here for 8 days, and tried to spend every second day relaxing in the hotel, which is easily done. There are so many pool surrounding the rooms, you could almost swim in a different one each day. There are a few lovely bars that make super cocktails, for lazy afternoons on the beach or by the pool.I could honestly talk about this place all day, and cannot recommend it any higher! The restaurants are wonderful, and the breakfast buffet in among the best I have had anywhere in the world!! The room service is exceptional, including the nightly turndown service, and your own on call butler.Ok I suppose the only downside to this place is the Nusa Dua beach... For those of you looking for Surf head to Kuda. If you are happy paddling in waist deep water then you will be fine. Not forgetting the little glass bottom boats that take you out to the reef for snorkelling trips.We will most definitely be back and are planning to make this place our last stop on our honeymoon this year, to relax from a 12 week round the world trip.Indonesia has so much to offer, such a wide diversity of cultures it amazes me everytime I return. I highly suggest taking the time to travel to areas such as Ubud, Mt Batu (the volcano) and most of all Tanah Lot (the sea temple).Happy Travels.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Beaciel
<Content>Beautiful hotel Beautiful hotel surrounded by swimming pools. A lot of comfort, good food, friendly people and a lot of intimacy.Impossible to swim in the low tide and sea urchin are quite numerous. The water is very clear but there are many seaweeds.Anyway the atmosphere of the hotel is perfect, rooms are big , quiet and the hotel is very spacious.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>MaxsterPerth
<Content>Laguna...absolutely awesome! We've just come back from 12 days at this hotel and were absolutely blown away by the incredible level of service we received. This was our 9th trip to Bali but our first staying in the Nusa Dua area. We weren't sure what to expect but were pleasantly surprised at how brilliant a Bali experience can be without staying in Kuta, Legian or Tuban. The hotel itself is reasonably small but really well appointed. The food is exceptional, particularly in the Ocean Terrace restaurant where you would be hard pressed to find a more tender fillet of steak anywhere (let alone Bali). The chef takes pride in his work and it shows. Breakfasts were incredible with an enormous selection of quality food and beverages including Latte's! There are plenty of pools to choose from, each with varying amounts of people - if one area is too busy, and they often can be, then you can try another.The Gym is very well appointed with state of the art treadmills - everything is kept impeccably clean. The sauna, jacuzzi and Day Spa are also kept in great condition with everything you could want being on offer - try the waterfall massage in the downstairs Jacuzzi area - it's very relaxing and best of all, free of charge.The complimentary tea and coffee butler service is a real winner. Just pick up the phone and 5 minutes later the butler arrives with a pot of tea or coffee - 24 hours a day - brilliant!The prices are somewhat expensive for Bali but comparable with any Australian Hotel - the difference is in the level of service and the attention to detail that you will receive at the Laguna - I was more than happy to pay our bill and it turned out to be cheaper than we had budgeted for. We recently stayed at the Novotel Langley in our hometown of Perth and felt let down and ripped off (our worst hotel experience ever).One negative is the laundry service is very expensive at the Laguna so if you have a lot do then just use one of the local businesses - a load of washing costs as little as $3.00 in the Nusa Dua area whereas in the hotel it can be more like $120.00!All in all this is a brilliant hotel and if you love being looked after by people who really care about you then you'll love the Laguna.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lazla
<Content>Best Resort we have stayed in.       Typical Bali Sunset  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Selva141421
<Content>I can bet, it's better than Westin :) I'm absolutely satisfied with everything but terrible low tides at Nusa Dua beach area :) ...  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>climber_in_CH
<Content>Fantastic service       jetted area of the pool  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Matt10
<Content>Laguna love it! We stayed in the Laguna for our honeymoon and had the time of our lives. I was very pleasantly suprised as I had read some of the reviews and small moans re price, service etc which we found to be unfounded less you try and penny pinch on holiday. The grounds were beautiful and staff could not have been more friendly or attentive. It was very quiet which was perfect for us considering it was our honeymoon so I certainly would not recommend to people looking to party, but if it is relaxing and quality food, accommodation and service you want then look no further. If you want to see Bali hire a driver ( if he is anything like ours) he was hilarious company with excellent english and geographical and cultural knowledge circa 11$ p/h. All in all fantastic trip, would recommend the hotel very highly and if you go to bali whatever you do see the monkeys!!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Travellingman069
<Content>Faultless Experience Stayed at the Laguna in September and had a wonderful week.Firstly as a Starwoods Preferred Quest we were upgraded to a Junior Suite on arrival and had our breakfasts included. The room was one of the best we had stayed in, which although isn't the reason for staying there, it was nice to come back to each day.The staff are very attentive and always had time to talk to the guests.They all gave a big beaming smile if greeted. The grounds were always kept in a very clean a tidy condition. The food was very good, especially the breakfast buffet. The prices for dinner were comparable to normal hotel prices, but there was alternate places to eat at The Bali Collection, just a short walk away or outside the Nusa Dua Complex, to suite all budgets.Having thought a long time about our stay, I cannot think of anything bad to say about this property orl if there were any improvements I would make. So it just goes to say a big thank you the the Laguna for a perfect week.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Thefall
<Content>good choice First of all, it's the standard Nusa Dua hotel. Amazing gardens, beautiful beach, good rooms, polite staff and lots of food. And - as always in this part of the island - tides, tides and tides. You can swim only two or three times a day when the water comes up. Then it goes away and you can walk like a Jesus through the waves.Then, I really dislike this feeling of being surrounded by security. They are everywhere - under every tree, under every palm and in places you really could not imagine. If you're a honeymooner - this really gets you pissed off, cause you can't find a place to be alone with your lover. So. it's a good place to stay for 2-3 nights on your Bali trip, but I strongly recommend you to book another 2-3 nights in Jimbaran  Candidasa - then you will see all the best of Bali.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>JamesVki
<Content>One of the Top Hotels in Bali great hotel, this was about my third stay in the pass 18 months. really nice big rooms, newly renovated with large LCD's in every room. We dined at the buffet and it was one of the best i have had in years, really really top quality food and great service. There are only a handful of other hotels in bali of the same standard, take a look.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelbugChicago
<Content>Honeymoon Positives:1. Clean Rooms2. Very polite staff3. Good beach 4. Good food5. Lots of security6. Option to use your starpoints for everything7. Good drinksNegatives:1. The flight (for us was 20 hours from the states)2. People there were a bit to themselves for what we prefer3. So much security made us feel a bit uneasy (all the time)4. Really expensive food by our standards5. Their adapters fried both my hair dryer and iron6. Horrible exchange rate for starpoints7. Didn't feel like anyone was ever ordering drinks - like ever (which is what we like to do on vacation)-seemed strange.8. Didn't feel safe to venture out.9. Denpasar Airport customs is terrible - A young gentleman passed out in front of us while waiting for 2 1/2 hours due to the heat.All in all, it was a great experience but would not go back - we have a no repeat policy - AND I am not sure I would if we didn't have our policy. If you are looking for nothing but laying on a beach or next to a pool, this is the place for you. Although, as I said, I felt like there was such a sense of concern for security. Just used to a different feel for a resort I guess. Feel free to contact me. I will be honest. We are actually not that picky of people but thought what we paid for flight, room and food was quite high considering our 'negatives'.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Steph23
<Content>Back to the Laguna Hi everyone! Just doing another review on Laguna. We had an even better time this time! We were upgraded to a Lagoon Access Studio Room which is the best. The service was the best and we were remembered by the Staff and given the Royal Treatment! It was so relaxing to go to a place just to relax and know all the in's and out's. The staff are taken to other places and they look at how others work and if they see someone doing it better they adopt the same - very impressive. We are off to Dubai in Feb for our next trip but we will be back to the Laguna as well next year for the best relaxation and chill out! Have new photos of the room (I like the candid traveller shots to see what the hotels are really like) which I will post soon.Bye for now!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Peagreen98
<Content>fantastic time at the Laguna but just a bit too quiet in the evenings We booked a deluxe room and as a Starwood preferred member our room was 鈥渦pgraded鈥?to the Starwood floor. This upgrade just seemed to comprise of chocolates on arrival and a bath full of petals, as the room size was no different. Our room was clean and had plenty of space (and the wardrobe was the first I鈥檝e ever had that had enough hangers!) 鈥?Although the balcony was tiny. The landscaping is definitely the key to the Laguna鈥檚 charm, the pools and gardening that wander through the whole complex are really delightful and there are at least three 鈥渟nack bars鈥?dotted amongst them. Equally the staff were extremely warm, kind and always helpful - from the bar guys to the cleaning staff. We had particularly good service from the Concierge (Gusti), the driver (Putu) and the Musicians at the Sand Bar. There was a complimentary afternoon tea and also a shuttle to the 鈥渕all鈥?nearby. The spa though was really exceptional, it might have cost more than others on offer outside the hotel but the treatments were top notch and the facilities superb. The staff were knowledgeable and each treatment was fantastic 鈥?we had one every other day! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.The Laguna has a bit of a personality crisis 鈥?its set with all the other big hotels (Westin, Melia etc) in Nusa Dua but is smaller and lacks buzz in the common spaces. This is great when you want to just chill out and laze by the pool or beach but it means that the restaurants are often deserted, apart from at breakfast where it can be a bun fight 鈥?we opted for room service thereafter. There seemed to be lots of people passing through on 鈥渢ours鈥?and only staying 2-3 days maybe that鈥檚 why the breakfast room was so busy. The places to eat within walking distance of the hotel are adequate but are also in hotels, unless you go to the mall 鈥?where we didn鈥檛 think the restaurants looked great. We asked the concierge about eating and thereafter we discovered some 鈥渓ife鈥?and wonderful food 鈥?everyone should eat at Bumbu Bali if they are staying in Nusa Dua and also go to Jimbaran Bay to eat in a Warang.We had a fantastic time at the Laguna and loved the beach it was just a bit too quiet in the evenings and if we had just stayed in the hotel we wouldn鈥檛 have know how amazing Bali really is. We also stayed in Ubud which was very worthwhile and highly recommended.Top tips 鈥?don鈥檛 spend all your time in Nusa Dua. If you want to really understand and see Bali, make sure you get out of Nusa Dua and try to stay in Ubud or somewhere away from the south of the Island. Don鈥檛 eat in the hotel restaurants get out to Tanjung Benoa and eat  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>deboisWorthing
<Content>Totally pampered       The lagoon pool accessed via our room  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RCM-7
<Content>Luxury Collection? The Laguna is like so many hotels in the Nusa Dua area - big, somewhat impersonal and importantly lacking so much of what Bali is about. Our executive suite was dark and small with a view that could have been anywhere. The service is about as much as you can expect in a hotel of this size.In this case, I didn't think the property was particularly distinctive and worthy of the Luxury Collection category. In fact, the Westin that is next door (and cheaper) was nicer in many respects. Having come from 3 nights in Salzburg at Schloss Fussl (another Luxury collection property - see my review), which was amongst the best hotels I have stayed in throughout the world, I have to question the thinking in including this property. I can only speculate that with the Westin next door, they were struggling to distinguish the two properties. If you want to really see Bali, stay out of Nusa Dua. Try some of the boutique hotels on the Legian/Seminyak side like Samaya or The Legian.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	2	3	

<Author>RomanticMykonos
<Content>5 stars are few for this excellent resort!       great room!!!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>online2k
<Content>Greate Rooms       main pool  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Food_traveller32
<Content>Great hotel on the best part of the beach We had a great week her in july, and loved almost everything. The size is the only negative (i prefer smaller hotels), but even with 270 rooms the staff is very service minded.The food is among the best we had in Bali.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>heliwiggy
<Content>Sign says welcome to paradise, they are right My wife and I have traveled extensively and have been lucky enough to have stayed in some of the finest hotels in the world, the Laguna Nusa Dua certainly ranks with the best of them!We loved the hotel and Bali so much we are going to return later in the year (2007).The staff are so friendly and helpful, all you had to do was ask, old fashioned customer service, excellent!There was nothing during our stay of 10 nights that could have been improved upon, as the sign said on the drive up to the hotel 鈥?Welcome to Paradise鈥?certainly true in our opinion.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stevebrewer
<Content>Lovely Hotel We stayed here for 4 nights after 5 nights in Tanjung Benoa.This hotel is very special. The lagoons all around are spectacular, and there is always somewhere you can go for a peaceful swim.We opted for a lagoon access room, which was beautiful. Located in the same block as the imperial suite I think it was proabably one of the best rooms in the hotel - especially location wise. Request this block if you can.Our rate included breakfast which I would opt for if you can. Very good selection, and although not the best breakfast we have ever had (try the shangri-la in Kuala Lumpur for that!), it was still nice.In the day we would lounge on one of the covered bales, looking out to see. With no hassle from beach sellers as they are banned here.This is also close to the Bali Caollection Mall which has all sorts of 'boutiques' and a few restaurants. Other than this there isn't much in the Nusa Dua area, so be sure to go check out Kuta, especially for the best exchange rates in the Kodak shops. Put simply, in the hotel we were quoted 16900 for 拢1 UK, in the Bali Collection 17300, and in Kuta 18,000.My one complaint about the hotel is the price of drinks and food. They are in a very cheap country, charging extortionate prices. Simply unacceptable. This means the restaurants are always dead at night as everyone goes elsewhere.By the way. Book this direct at [--]as you will get a much better rate than anywhere else.All in all a very good 5* hotel  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	2	4	3	

<Author>SmiffyGlasgow
<Content>Puts other hotels in the shade My husband and I spent 12 nights at the Laguna for our honeymoon and we both thought the whole experience was wonderful. Our room was spacious, very comfortable, cool and clean. The grounds were fabulous. The many pools and lagoons around the hotel are kept very clean and the trees, flowers and grass are obviously very well looked after. There are plenty of sun loungers around the pool and beach area but there are also amazing big gazebo beds that you can relax in as well. We enjoyed many afternoons and evenings lying there sipping our cocktails! The lighting around the whole hotel (inside and out) has obviously been given a lot of thought and it really does give the place a lovely ambience.The staff were the nicest I've ever experienced. Incredibly friendly and helpful. They take an interest in every guest and in finding out about you and your country. Most Balinese people never leave Bali so I think they enjoy hearing about places overseas.The hotel restaurants serve lovely food but you can get the same kind of thing at a much cheaper price outside the complex. For a great dinning experience you should go to Jimberan Beach. (About 拢3 in a taxi) Make sure you get there for sunset so you can enjoy a Bintang beer as the sun goes down. There are lots of great places to eat where you pick out your own sea food and have it grilled.Bali is a wonderful place for a holiday and it's sad to see the devastation the bombs there have made to tourism. A lot of the hotels feel quite quiet and shop owners seem ridiculously pleased if you come in and have a look or even better, make a purchase! Most restaurants will give you a free lift back to your hotel if you eat there. When you head out of the tourist areas you can see what a poor country it is. Make sure you get out of the hotel and go on some trips up into the rain forests or to see the temples and paddy fields around the island because the landscape is just stunning.I could go on and on about the country, the people and the hotel. It really was a wonderful, relaxing and luxurious honeymoon! We would go back any day.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Raspberries
<Content>I loved this hotel       Pool  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Roade33
<Content>Ideal?????? We thought so!!!!! From the moment we arrived on the third part of our honeymoon at the Laguna Beach, we knew we were going to love it. The Bali dancer welcome, the friendly staff, the room, and the WHOLE hotel, were just the most perfect heaven.All of the pools (laguna's) were ideal, the beach was excellent, and the sun beds, gazeboos, and pool bars and resturants catered for our every need.The only slight down side was the lack of good entertainment in the evenings. We travelled out most evenings to try the local offerings, and were a bit dissapointed. We were told that the 2002 bomb had put a lot of westeren Europeans off going and some of the local quality resturants had seen better days.But that was all soon forgotten, when back in our room with the best shower in the world, the large plasma tv, the well stocked bar, or by the sea or pool relaxing in the sun!We will definately have the Laguna Beach on our list of MUST GO BACK TO HOTELS  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NormanBristolUK
<Content>Overall a Great Hotel My partner and I have just returned from a 12 night stay at the Laguna. Rooms - The first room 309 we were allocated was damp but the hotel moved us to 262 which the same standard of room delux studio, which was really clean and the bed was fabulous.Staff were all friendly and helpful, 24 hour butler supplied us with a regular buckets of ice for our G and T.Food - We ate out most nights, Jimberan Bay was our favourite location for fresh sea food. The hotel staff were most helpful if getting us taxi's to wherever we wished to go. We did have breakfast in the hotel which had something for everyone from fresh fruit to fish. You were really spoilt for choice. The breakfast resturant was of a high standard and the staff were very profeshional. Beach/Sea - clean, plenty of sunbeds, sea not great for swimming as too shallow. Lots of beach sellers.Pool - lovely pool and lagoons. Very morning pool staff clear out any fallen leaves.Location - not much to do in Nusa Dua except a trip to the shopping centre or to the small village. Spa - reasonable prices I would recommend the night massage on the hotel beach front. $55.Trips out - elephant trip @ Tano - great, daytrip to Kuta (cross between blackpool and benidorm) dont bother, Ubud - Legoon dancing in the temple, great. Jimberan Bay at sunset, lovelyBar- beach bar was our favourite average hotel prices Overall a great hotel with lots of plus points however the location does let if down if you wish to experience the Baliance cultural and countryside  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>rruparelia
<Content>Fell in love with the Laguna We stayed in the Laguna for 5 nights as part of our honeymoon in the far east. From the moment we pulled up to the hotel we knew we were in a for a special experience. As you drive up to the hotel you will hear the traditional Balinese music and 2 balinese dancers welcome you as you enter the lobby. We didn鈥檛 have to check in, our travel agengt sorted out everything for us whilst we were given cold towels and refreshing drinks. The lobby doesn鈥檛 have the wow factor its neighbour the Westin or the Hyatt but somehow its traditional d茅cor makes you feel at home. We had a lagoon view room and were shown to our room by the porter who was very friendly and showed us everything in the room. The hotel had known it was our honeymoon and the little touches were lovely. Roses on the bed, fruit, chocolates and flower petals in the bath. We were also advised that we could have 3 items pressed for free aswell. The room is one of the biggest rooms I have stayed in. I have stayed in some 5 star hotels and the bed was bigger than most 5 star hotels. There was a 42鈥?plasma and dvd player which we didn鈥檛 use but had over 20 channels to watch so if I were staying in the hotel with children it would keep them amused. There was also a balcony which looked over the numerous lagoons. The design of the bathroom also impressed me, again, the bath was one of the biggest I have ever seen and was enclosed away from the rest of the bathroom which is always a bonus and you don鈥檛 flood the place when you have a shower. Now to the service:You have your very own butler whom you can order tea and coffee from at any time of the day. We only used this service once and it quite quick though it would have been nice to have some biscuits with the tea. The hotel is build around several lagoons and the hotel staff spends most of the day cleaning them and you rarely find a dirty lagoon. The waterfall lagoon was nice to have swim in and as the hotel was only 40% occupied you found that you had the pool to yourself. There are several Bales located around the resort and they are nice to relax in during the day, again there was no problem getting one as the hotel wasn鈥檛 full. If you can鈥檛 find one near the main pool area then there are some hidden away behind the beach bar. The hotel serves afternoon tea in the Indonesian restaurant every day between 3 and 4 as a complimentary service. This isn鈥檛 highly advertised but I definitely recommend going as the pastries are delicious. We ate in the hotel restaurant on a couple of evenings, the food is nice but is more pricey than you would get outside and everything in hotel has 20% tax and service charge added which you have to look for. The hotel does run a complimentary shuttle service to the Bali Collection complex and this has nicer restaurants for half the price. If you don鈥檛 want to take the shuttle you can walk to Bali Collection which takes about 15 mins. The shuttle bus back the to hotel is at gate A but they don鈥檛 tell you this when they drop you off, so when you go to get the shuttle back they advise you take a taxi which is 20 000 rupiahs and its only a 2 min drive. Just tell them you prefer to walk and either walk back to the hotel or go to gate A and get the shuttle bus. We decided to go to Ubud one day and instead of hiring a car from the tour agent we decided to go with Dean who was recommended by another tripadvisor user. Dean and his co drivers are fantastic, they go wherever you want and there are no hidden charges. They will stop at any destination for as long as you want and have very good local knowledge. The hire the car and driver for the day costs about $40 and I would definitely recommend it. The hotel is in the middle of nowhere but this didn鈥檛 bother us as we were there to relax. If you want to go to Kuta then a taxi is 40 000 rupiah which works out as roughly 拢3 and it鈥檚 a 30 min drive away. We preferred to stay in Nusa Dua as Kuta was too commercial for us. All in all, we had a fantastic stay in Bali, the hotel was one of the best I have ever stayed in and the staff cannot do enough for you. If you want a romantic getaway, choose the Laguna, I know if I ever go to Bali again, I will definitely stay here.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chriscris
<Content>Great hotel for swimming and lazind Had a wonderful lazy week here, would agree with most of the previous comments - it is a bit far from everything but we had expected that and had booked a week in Ubud to follow.The swimming lagoons were lovely - we had a pool access room but we had an even number room which went into a relatively shallow lagoon. Suggest for better swimming ask for an odd number.Staff were wonderful, we ate in the hotel but also walked along the sea front to the adjacent hotels for some evening meals for a change. You can book it all to your room whichever hotel you decide has the food for you that evening. Very pleasant to walk along the sea front and nobody to hassle you as you choose which hotel and which restaurant. Pretty empty so no need to book in advance but if you do you seem to get special treatment!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mwleejr
<Content>Great Pool, beach and service but very remotely located       Pool Area  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	2	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ra001
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       Beachfront wedding location  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>PLKAustin
<Content>Beautiful resort but away from everything Stayed here for 7 nights and had a wonderful experience. Really beautifully manicured grounds and resort semed well maintained. I was in a suite and have no complaints on the room and its furnishing. The food was good for the most part and excellant in the Indonesian high end resturant (ate there twice). Room service for breakfast well done. You really need to go to Kuta/Seminyak for great meals and there are many places, Ku De Ta, Cafe Warisan, The Living Room to name three excellant ones.Fitness center is small and equipment is limited. Had to wait a few times to get on one of the two bikes. Evening outdoor lounge with a night club singer, piano and sax was nice and relaxing. Only problem was they shut down at 10:30/p?.? It is far away from the populated areas but then that can be a good thing too.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melhj
<Content>Lovely hotel and rooms, pity about the food and service We just came back from a 5 day stay at the Laguna Resort and Spa in Bali.Positives: Lovely rooms - really luxurious and comfortable, beautiful grounds and pools. Hotel is right on the beach which is great.Negatives: Food in the hotel is very very average, given what you pay for it. Service was pretty average and not near five star standards. Also, we did not like Nusa Dua - it felt like we were in the middle of a manicured golf course, and not Bali.We couldn't help comparing the hotel with the Ritz Carlton in Jimbaran where we had stayed the last time we were in Bali, and the Ritz was so much better in terms of service and overall experience.Overall, I would say that if you are the type who just wants to lounge around the hotel, then this is a good choice- but you would need to venture out regularly for better meals!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	2	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>work2travel
<Content>Simply Stunning Okay, I really can't understand how people complain about this hotel! I guess I don't know what their expectations are, so I will stick to my own experiences.I stopped in Bali for 5 days on my way back from Australia. It was perfect for relaxing and unwinding after a long adventure.From the moment you drive up and see the Welcome to Paradise sign greeting you, along with the Balinese dancer in the beautiful lobby, the tone is set for the ultimate in simple luxury.The new rooms are gorgeous, and the views from room 427 of the many lagoons that wrap around the resort are stunning. The food at the resort is very good, from the buffet breakfast  lunch at Cafe Lagoon, to the varied Room Service Menu. True, the prices are high compared to other local restaurants, but are very reasonable when considering that you are staying at a Luxury Collection property within the Starwood Hotels chain.The grounds are spectacular and well worth a leisurely walk around. The beach is nice in the morning, but as the tide went out in the afternoon, swimming became difficult. This is a great time however, to check out the many pools, or wander over to their sister property- the Westin. Personally I liked the Laguna property better, but I did have fun on the Westin pool's waterslide! Also make sure to visit the resort spa. The prices are very reasonable, and it's just not possible not to feel amazing after a Traditional Balinese Massage  Kitri Facial, both done with all-natural ingredients.Overall, I loved this property and plan to return when I can spend more time there and see more of this lovely island. Go and enjoy the warmth of the area, and more importantly, it's people.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravellerUK77
<Content>Excellent all round Me and my wife stayed for 7 nights at the sheraton, it was absoultely amazing. cant fault anything apart from at times the hotel seemed very quiet and empty but when you go to dine you realise the hotel is more full than appears. loved it all round. would highly recommend.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>P&SSmith
<Content>Paradise LOST       Hotel room  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	4	2	3	

<Author>microchen
<Content>I love Sheraton! Sheraton first attracted me with a picture of its beautiful lagoon-view guest rooms and that was more than 2 years ago. When I went to Sanya in Vacation this March, I chose Sheraton Sanya Resort without hesitation. Now I've finally stayed in the Sheraton Bali and love it!!!We stayed for 3 nights at the neighboring Westin and 2 nights at Sheraton. It proved later that we should spend all 5 nights in Sheraton only. Westin is not bad, but older and, ants were often found in our room. Sheraton is almost perfect with new and clean facilities, beautiful lagoons around the guest rooms, 42-inch plasma TV in the room, courteous staff, and everything else I expect. The only defect maybe the towels are not as clean as they should be, although warm and fragrant.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>cliffandjules
<Content>Welcome to Paradise       Central pools  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>charlotteandoscar
<Content>Pure paradise My husband and i stayed at the Laguna for 5 nights and absolutely loved it! The pools were lovely and having a lagoon access room was fantastic. The room itself was luxurious with a great plasma tv. The staff were wonderfully friendly and so professional. Breakfast was great too. I would highly recommend this hotel. We had such a great time and it was a pity to leave.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emskinat
<Content>Absolute paradise From the second you arrive, you know you've chosen the best!The staff are excellent...we got a nice cool welcome drink and a cool towel (it was bloody hot) and were given our room key and escorted to our gorgeous room overlooking the lagoon. (we were upgraded to the best part of the entire hotel)The room was lush. There's a from the giant spa like bath tub into the living area which was a nice touch.The pools are unreal! Everywhere you go in the hotel, there's pool access. They're very clean (every morning you see the balinese men waist deep in the water cleaning them) The gazebos are placed all around the property, if you get up early enough you can put your towels in them and that's the reservation system. First in best dressed. There's a futon like mattress in them so they're very comfortable. The breakfast is UNBELIEVABLE! The restuarants are beautiful the food is great...but if you don't want to eat in the hotel, you just take a nice stroll outside Nusa Dua's gates and there's nice cafes (for $5 AUD you get yourself a meal you can't finish) All in all, this place is just PARADISE. We wont be staying anywhere but here when we return. 11/10 for everything!!!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>culturallattice
<Content>Very disappointing This hotel is now no longer a Sheraton...Has been taken over by Westwood.I don't know if Iit has gone down since it was taken over or if I was just unlucky here but had a number of probolems. Booked a non-smoking room and was assigned smoking. Couldn't be bothered to change as it was late at night. Woken up about 20 minutes after going to bed (despite the Do not Distrub sign on the door) by someone bringing welcome drink. The next morning found an enormous cockroach in the bathroom!!!Nice gardens... Lovely lagoon to swim in and quite good food but many better places to stay in Bali. Would definitely not return!!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ksnyc
<Content>AMAZING PLACE ! Excellent Service This place is just the best in service and atmosphere. The rooms are beautiful.. 5 star! The people there are top notch. The spa is amazing. The pools are spectacular. I have nothing bad to say about our experience there. We plan to go back next month!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>leon&Kevin
<Content>Welcome to Paradise As you enter the Hotel you will see a sign that says  Wecome to Paradise This is exactly what you are entering.... From your arrival at Paradise we where made feel like you are the only guest in the Hotel. The Staff couldn't have done more for myself or my partner on our 3 week stay. The small little touches in the hotel and our very spacious and comfortable room. From Cool towels on arrival to the flowers left on our bed a night. This Hotel is just in a whole new league of making you feel welcome. My Partner organised a Romantic meal on the Hotels Special Table, This I would highly recommend, for a really nice romantic evening and a fantastic meal with superb service.You can be at a different pool every day, from a little lively to pools that are very quite and relaxing and you also have a beach to choose from. The pools however have sand as you walk in to give the beach effect :-). I could not fault our stay on any level at this Hotel and we are already planning our next stay. I could write so much more about how wonderful our stay was but I think you will be just better off experiencing this for yourselfThe Sheraton Luguna as however changed it's name to the Laguna and Spa resort... This is due to the massive renovations the hotel has been upgraded from a Sheraton to Starwood property. Hope you enjoy your stay as much as we have.....  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>plantripnow
<Content>Neutral While the rooms at the hotel are recently redecorated and very comfortable, I was unimpressed with other aspects of the hotel. In short, Pros of hotel: great pools, very comfortable newly redecorated rooms with excellent shower, great reception area. Cons: prices for hotel food and drink were very high, service at restaurant and bars did not necessarily meet the high prices charged, hotel makes it very difficult to get outside of Nusa Dua.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Terrytri
<Content>The sign reads Welcome to Paradise (It's true) Having stayed at the Sheraton Laguna in Krabi last year Nusa Dua had a lot to live up to and it did. The hotel is top line from the moment you arrive. The welcome was warm, friendly and the check in was as smooth as the silk the dancers who welcomed us were wearing. In no time at all we were escorted to our room and our bags followed just a few moments later. Although we had a standard room the view from our balcony was fine. I had considered an upgrade, but was glad I had resisted the temptation.A large flat screen TV, spacious room, excellent bathroom and everything worked. The butler service is great. Lift the phone and prepare to recieve a quick, polite and efficient butler at your door within minutes. We have seen better beaches, but that would be too critical. With your own private beach and you own private lagoon (almost) you don't need it. You have to see the hotel lagoons to believe it. If you want privacy and relaxation this is the place.The food too was excellent, although a little fancy for my taste. The prices were in keeping with the standard of the hotel.High for Bali, but reasonable compared with UK. If you want to go cheaper a 15 min. walk will bring you to a whole range of resturants the will collect you and take you home if you book a table.A meal for two and a couple of beers about 拢20with a great atmosphere, which was lacking in the hotel resturants because of the lack of patrons. Would I go back, I certainly would. The bales,massages,good food. You bet I would go back.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>TravelinMonty
<Content>Beautiful hotel Absolutely a first class hotel. The entrance way is on scale with the four seasons. The pool was absolutely magnifiscent! Extremely well appointed rooms. Marble bath and plasma tvs. They really hit every aspect of a perfectly designed high end resort. Breakfast and other meals were very well prepared.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>GQSurfer8
<Content>An Amazing Escape Everything about this hotel was wonderful. I cannot possibly understand the complaints of other reviewers. The sound of a gong announced our arrival at the hotel and three gentlemen began to play traditional Indonesian music as we walked in between two rows of beautiful Balinese dancers on our way into the lobby. Once in the lobby, we were greeted by a friendly clerk who instantly brought us over to a couch where we were given chilled scented towels and a delicious flavored iced tea to refresh us from our journey to the resort. My girlfriend and I were quite impressed by this entrance!We had a Deluxe Studio Room which was very large and equipped with a plush couch and a large plasma screen TV. The bathroom was done in marble and has a large two person soaking tub with complimentary bath salts that any couple will enjoy after a late night. All of the rooms are also served by butlers, which was a nice treat. Upon arrival your butler will press three items of clothing for free and delivered to us a complimentary platter of delicious tropical fruit. In addition, the butlers will deliver to your room complimentary tea or coffee served on a silver tray anytime day or night. We frequently took advantage of this and enjoyed tea on our adequately sized balcony that looked over the lagoons that snake throughout the property. (Be sure to book a room that overlooks the beautiful lagoons). The rooms are situated across 4 floors. Rooms on the first floor that face the lagoon have direct access from the room deck into the lagoon. While this is a nice little treat, these rooms cost a bit more and do not seem to justify the increased cost.We took breakfast at the resort's buffet restaurant Cafe Lagoon. The breakfast buffet was very large and rather impressive, try to get breakfast included in your room rate. It had traditional American, English, and European items such as omlets, pancakes, rashers of bacon, grilled tomatoes, and a wide assortment of fresh baked breads, meats, fresh fruits, and cheeses. In addition, the buffet had traditional Indonesian and Japanese selections. The beach that the resort sits on is nice, clean, and the water is a clear green-blue color. Having visited many other beaches in Bali, it appeared to be just as nice as others. Throughout the grounds are extremely comfortable bales with day beds on them where we enjoyed having lunch delivered to each day. The Atisaya spa was great and I would recommend booking treatments with your special someone in the couples spa suite.On our last night at the resort we arranged for a private candlelight dinner in a secluded part of the resort that was absolutely beautiful and definitely won me some points with my girlfriend. I would recommend doing the same if you can, it was a nice treat.I would guess that the resort was maybe half to two-thirds full when we were there. Unlike other reviewers, I cannot see how that is a bad thing. Sure the restaurants were never even half full but that fact always almosted guaranteed you prime tables at restaurants and additional privacy throughout the resort.All in all this resort is a beautiful and peaceful sanctuary. We found the service to be friendly, prompt, and fantastic as our butlers and waiters remembered our names and preferences even after the first day. This place was absolutely perfect for a peaceful and luxurious tropical getaway. We cannot wait to go back.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Minetta
<Content>Fantastic experience My husband and myself have just returned from the Sheraton Laguna after a 15 day stay.Having been to Bali various times and having always stayed in Nusa Dua I must say that I was delighted to find the Sheraton Laguna better then most hotels already tried.Fantastic staff, extreamly helpful, we were infact given a fabulous upgrade to the resorts private Villa with private swimming pool which was much appreciated.Restaurants were all very good and any request was never a problem.Will definitely go back again!!Ps. if anyone should travel to Bali and needs a taxi service I met a fantastic person called Made Satika, he will take you anywhere on the island you want to go at extreamly good prices and a really really nice guy.[----------------------]  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>teltaz
<Content>Heaven on Earth       The lagoon pool always reminds me of the garden of eden.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>waddesdon
<Content>Sheraton Laguna Nusa Dora - Spend your money elsewhere My wife and I stayed at the Sheraton Laguna Nusa Dora this week (departed 16/8/06). The first thing we noticed was that none of the guests were smiling. We realised that the breakfast charges of 330,000 R for breakfast for two was way over the top, and started visiting outside the resort. Everything works, it鈥檚 all nice, but it feels like nobody鈥檚 there, and its not fun.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Saurabh2709
<Content>Luxurious Paradise with beautiful landscaping       cascade  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Nagaravi
<Content>Dismal place, Abysmally poor service, Staff with an attitude !!! Recently back from a 7 days stay in Bali, and we had horrid time during the last three days of our stay in The Laguna Sheraton. The first three days we stayed in Santika Beach, Kuta, and the last three in Sheraton, and man, we did regret, changing the hotel. The problems started, from the point of check-in. We had called up in advance, to be picked up from Santika, which after some haggling and inculcating logic into the staff, they agreed to pick us up (as per the reservation terms, we had the airport pick up and drop arrangement). We were made to sit at the reception for may be 15 mins. And finally I had to get up and walk up to the counter, to remind them that we are waiting to be checked in鈥? and there was no traffic at that point of time. The welcome drink that was served, was, absolutely tasteless - bland and flat, without any hint of any taste. The reception was well鈥?poor, inefficient, cold and dry, to say the least.The room, was a deluxe pool view, clean 鈥?OK, but small and very clinical, in its ambience. Promptly an extra bed was set up, for the child, and, that was the only efficient part, during the entire stay. But after an extra bed, there hardly was any space for motion.. Our request for upgrade was turned down, even though the occupancy rate was hardly 30%. The only plus point was the 42 inch plasma TV on the wall鈥? But what the heck鈥?. one does not go to Bali, to hole up in a cubicle, and watch TV !!!The note on the bed said, that sheets wud be changed every alternate day, which turned out to be a fact. As per the confirmation, we were supposed to have fruit basket and flower arrangement in the room. For the fruit basket, one had to call and ask鈥?so much for the attention, which they pay towards the guests!!!!!!The next morning we requested for a mug for use in the toilet (we are Indians and do not wipe, but wash, in all our hotel stays everywhere, we have asked and have been provided, without questions ). It was after two reminders and half an hour wait, they sent a beer mug !!!! I was disgusted. Called up the reception, only to be told rudely that as per the policy, they don鈥檛 provide mugs!!!!! So, much for the services, in a five star luxury resort!!!! After much shoutings and threats, a mug was finally provided. The bath tub was faulty and the water would not drain off. Reported to the reception,: No action. Next day ditto: no action. In the evening, after another round of shoutings and screaming, they decided to change the room. Me thinks that they are not used to polite requests and normal conversation.Afternoon tea, was on the house. We went only once. We asked the waiter for a refill of tea. He disappeared !!! having waited for another 20 mins. We had to signal another one and repeat the request. And mind you at that time there were only three guests in the restaurant !!! Again I wanted to shout, but was prevented by my wife, not to create a scene.Bad rude staff, clinical, cold and dry environment, glum faces, cut and dry attitude, dismal rooms, abysmally low and poor levels of service 鈥? Stay away, if you want to have a peaceful holiday, and really want to enjoy, go to some other place, rather than fret and fume, over the inefficiencies of the hotel, despite having paid for the non existent services !!!I really now regret, if we had paid heed to some of the earlier reviews, we could have avoided the heartburns, and a disastrous second half of the vacation. The first half was in Santika (read my review for it under Santika)The restaurants were nearly empty during the dinner time. We are vegetarians, and the options, were only pizza or some bland unpalatable food which they served in the name of vegetarian鈥? Downright hopeless and BAD. The service poor and the presentation, ugly and crass.The pools are great though and there are 5/6 of them, and the beach good and clean, a bit pebbly though, but OK. Less of hawkers and the beach side open huts that they have made are also great for relaxing and lying down. The spa is OK. But has common facilities for men and women, like the sauna, the Jacuzzi etc. How can one be clothed in a sauna????Would never ever think to revisit or even recommend to anyone鈥?not even to an enemy!!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>MSW2
<Content>Pure Luxury Before leaving for our holiday i was a little concerned about the reviews that some had posted about the hotel. I am so pleased to say that myself and my family had the most wonderful time at the hotel and in Bali in general, the staff at the hotel couldnt have been nicer to us all.Bali is unlike anywhere else we have ever travelled as the people are so friendly, especially in the Sheraton.The hotels re-furbishment is finished and the rooms are beautiful with flatscreen tv's and a dvd players. All of the hotel pools are spotless. The room service was the best we had ever tried and relatviely reasonable, the portions are VERY generous.During our stay we took the opportunity of walking along the beach front to look at the neighbouring hotels, none of them were a patch on the Laguna.Definitley would go back and recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Justraveling
<Content>As welcoming as ever We went back to the Sheraton Laguna, Nusa Dua, after a space of five years. This was our fifth visit to the resort and we wondered whether the anticipation would meet reality. It was as wonderful as we remembered, luxurious, relaxing and the staff very efficient and caring.The hotel has just about completed a renovation and although some rooms are still being refurbished, there was no disturbance to guests of any kind. The only point I can make is that Breakfast was being served in an alternate venue and therefore a bit less impressive than I remember it. The Cafe Lagoon is now ready and breakfast is being served here again. The rooms have been beautifully decorated and are some of the best we have seen in Bali. Flat screen TVs are just the tip of it.The gardens and lagoons are lush and well looked after, an abundance of green and blue and flowers everywhere. But the best thing about the Sheraton Laguna is the staff. Nothing is ever too much trouble, no request is ever refused, little preferences are remembered and granted without asking.My husband and son are both vegetarian and special meals were catered to their liking without any hesitation at all. Every meal was a delight. The butler service is a luxury, every request met with a genuine smile. I can honestly say that this resort has to be the best of it's kind, it blends in beautifully with the Balinese culture and way of life. Visit this hotel, you will come away with wonderful memories.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>strongvodka
<Content>Lacking exclusivity Stayed for 4 nights at the Sheraton Laguna, Nusa Dua Bali July 13-17 2006.Booked a garden view room for $119 which included airport transfers, daily buffet breakfast, balinese massage and facial at the spa. Hotel occupancy was around 60% according to staff at reception. Despite it being a garden view room, it still had plenty of views of lagoons. The lagoon access rooms looked somewhat lacking in privacy so glad i went for the cheaper option. The hotel had recently undergone a $7.5million facelift, primarily spent on the upgrade of the rooms. The room itself was 36sq m which felt slightly on the small side compared to other such 5* beach resorts which I have visited in say Malaysia and Thailand. Notably the bathroom did not have a separate shower stall from the bath tub and also bizarrely enough necessitated an impromptu high kick movement to climb into the thing (Im 30...and in decent shape but thought this could easily cause problems for some folks). The room contained a fabulous 42 inch wall mounted plasma TV and DVD player along with the all the obligatory goodies contained in a mini bar. A word of warning though about this - a 21% service and government tax is added to each item purchased. This rule applied to all other services as well including room service, the spa etc.A lot of the rooms face away from the pool but still have lagoon views. Unfortunately this hotel is adjacent to the Melia Bali Villa Hotel and as such found myself being inadvertently entertained by their daily cabaret show. In fact I was convinced I was dreaming when awoken at 7am on the sunday morning by the shrieking of said cabaret from their hotel grounds. This went on for the best part of 6hrs and the windows did little to insulate from the noise. Maybe it has some significant cultural significance for a sunday morning, but that coupled with the constant banging of clattering of housekeeping outside my door (along with their loud chatter and shouting to each other) did not make for a restful morning. I found it wise to keep the privacy sign on the door for most of the day actually as there was constant interruption and attempted entry by either the mini bar guy, housekeeping, butler service and various others. Staff seemed eager to please and always smiling. The beach at the end of the hotel grounds was a bit unremarkable really. Loads of security guards around which to be honest kind of destroyed the paradise image. Also hawkers are allowed up and down the beach in small numbers. Also went for a walk around the nusa dua complex and found myself besieged by people wanting to know if i wanted a taxi, tour of the island, watersports every 5mins and this got irritating, although maybe thats just me.To sum up, I thought this resort was lacking exclusivity and privacy but then again I paid a low rate (despite the horrendous 21% service charges). Staff were efficent and friendly but the constant hassling of vendors annoyed me.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marxusboy
<Content>I do not agree with all the glowing reviews... I stayed at the Sheraton at the end of June (based on the reviews posted on this site) and was not impressed at all. Sure, the rooms are nice and the flatpanel TVs impressive, but the breakfast was absolutely not adequate for a hotel of this calibre, plus I experienced several service-related issues during my short stay (I was supposed to stay there for four nights but ended up leaving after the first day). I moved to the M茅ridien Nirwana Resort and found the service and facilites (and breakfast) there to be much better - and I paid $140 for my room at the M茅ridien (with buffet breakfast and 3 PM checkout included) compared to $258 at the Sheraton! That says it all. I would not trust the glowing reviews about the Sheraton Nusa Dua - either these people never visited another hotel in Bali (I've also stayed at the Alam Shanti and the Damai in Bali), or else some people are simply not being straightforward in their reviews.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>vman63
<Content>Great stay in Bali Just got back from a short trip to Bali and Bangkok and stayed at Sheraton properties in both places.In Bali, we stayed at the the Sheraton Lagun in the Nusa Dua are - a complex of 5-6 five star resorts. Very well maintained and away from the city so you can have a quiet, chilled stay. We were a little worried as the hotel website mentioned that there was renovation work going on but the staff assured us that we would not be bothered by anyone and we were not. Couldn't really tell what work was going on and where. We stayed in a newly refurbished Deluxe Studio Room room and it was very, very nice! Especially the 42 plasma TV!We paid 150 USD + tax and this included breakfast and transfers as well as 2 spa treatments.The pool was excellent and the hotel was spotless. We ate at the restaurants and had room service and the quality of the food was very good. I would also recommend that people try the food at the nearby (literally next door) Westin Hotel as the restaurants there were excellent.We liked the beach, water, hotel, room so much that we extend our stay by a night. Very child friendly too and the beautiful Bali Golf and Country Club is right next door.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Peaceful, Pampared and Perfect My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton Laguna Nusa Dua for 4 nights. It was a wonderful place to stay, so peaceful and relaxing. Security was excellent on the grounds and outside of the hotel. Service was top notch and the hotel did not seem to be cutting corners even though the occupancy rate was only about 28%. The rooms were comfortable and clean. Check out the spa services; massages and facials were excellent. If you don't want to pay hotel prices for a massage, walk down the beach and have a slightly gritty one for a lot less! If you want to relax all day, get up slightly early and grab one of the Bales or outdoor majilis where you can enjoy the entire day, rain or shine. We felt like royalty!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>grace_t
<Content>Paradise Found @ Sheraton Nusa Dua       Lagoon pool  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>greendalef
<Content>A delighful place to stay We stayed at the Sheraton from 22/12/05 - 01/01/06. It really is a delightful place to stay. First up from the UK it's a long way for a 10 day holiday. Even flying Cathay business class. (we left our home on wed at 04.00 for heathrow. Finally arrived at the hotel 16.00 Thursday and that's without any delays)After that length of travelling time you can feel a growling moment coming on. However you arrive at the Sheraton and instantly your mood changes. Check in consists of being shown to a sofa to complete formalities. Hot towels are brought to you along with a Bali sunset cocktail. Your cases are whisked off to your room - perfect start to your holiday. The room was not one of the refurbished ones but i have to say it was just fine. It did not look at all tired. The bathroom was very nice with an excellent bath / shower. The view was over the lagoon and gardens. Very pleasant to sit on the balcony in the morning drinking the complimentary tea/coffee served by the terrific butlers. After which down for breakfast which is a buffet all you can eat affair with eggs of any type cooked to order. I read in a previous review of this hotel that someone thought the breakfast hideously expensive. At 拢10 per head I thought it was good value. If you think 拢10 per head is expensive you will be in for a shock if you ever stay at any of the higher class (and lower class) London hotels that's for sure! We attended a couple of the all you can eat evening buffets. Normally I avoid these like the plague however the show (cekak fire dance ) was wonderful and the food at $40 again I thought a bargain. you are surrounded by chefs cooking any combination of stir fry to order, others doing kebabs, steaks, seafood etc help yourself to as much carved meat. local cuisine, salads and about 20 types of dessert to finish. I have been ripped off at times in my life with these types of events. This wasn't one of them. great show and great food for $40 /拢25-a bargain. The grounds of the hotel are a real feature of the place. If you were looking for a wedding venue you could do a lot worse than this place as the area / island set aside for weddings is very scenic and romantic. In all the Sheraton is a very nice package. terrific setting, wonderful staff and nice atmosphere. It really is a delightful hotel.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our Favorite Hotel I traveled to Bali in Noveber, 2005 with my wife and 2 children ages 5 and 7. We stayed at the Sheraton Nusa Dua resort in Bali. We have traveled extensively and have stayed at many fine hotels. My wife and I both felt that the Sheraton was one of our Favorite hotels ever. The hotel was very child friendly. We had a Junior Suite that was good size. The bathrooms were marble with full sized open tub, and separate closed shower. Small outside balcony with table and room for 2 comfortable chairs was nice. We had an extra roll away bed in the room and the room still felt roomy. Some reviews mentioned 鈥榦ld looking rooms鈥?but we found our room to be just fine and the decor to be quite nice. The rooms had hard wood floors and no apparent wear. While at the hotel I also looked at an Executive Suite, and a Lagoon Access room, and a regular room. I think that the regular room is sufficient. The lagoon access rooms have stairs into a small pool, but since the small pool outside of the rooms is not one of the main pools you still would need to walk to the mail pool so I wouldn鈥檛 get a lagoon access for extra $. The regular rooms were good sized and seem just fine.The service and courtesy at the Sheraton were superb! I have been to Four Seasons, JW Marriott, several Ritz, Hyatt, Hilton etc鈥?and the service and friendly staff were simply the best ever. From the moment we checked in until check out not one problem. Every person smiles, greets each guest. Several staff members brought personal gifts to our children after a few days there. The service was prompt and gracious. I make many request while at a 5 star resort including the time I want my room cleaned (am and pm), special pillows etc鈥?and every request was taken care of. The hotel even has Butler service that provides complimentary tea and coffee service 24 hours a day. Since the hotel charges 10% service charge on the room rate no tipping is required or expected by anyone. It feels better to get great service without always having to hand out cash to everyone that smiles at you. I still tipped for some things, and the staff accepted and was extremely grateful for the tip.The grounds and pools were great. The main large pool is just off the beach and you can see the ocean from the pool. There is a second main pool that has 2 sand areas in the pool and waterfalls. There is also a large children鈥檚 pool. No water slides. The best part of the grounds was the covered beds/lounge areas around the pool and beach. They are elevated King sized covered lounges with a table in the center. A perfect place to lounge relax read while the children play on the beach or in the pool. No free Jacuzzi near the pool, however you can pay $10 to use the spa Jacuzzi and cold dipping pool, worth it for a day maybe.Security was very tight at the Sheraton with guards searching cars at the gate. Cars and Taxi鈥檚 are not allowed to drop at the lobby but must stay below. Metal detectors are used and small handbags are searched. The beach also has a guard stationed at either end. We were a little nervous considering the bombings and travel warnings, but the tight security gave us a sense (although maybe a false sense) of being secure.There is an excellent don't miss restraunt in Nusa Dua called Bumbu Bali, the hotel can arrange a free pickup, it's great.We loved this hotel and cannot wait to go back next year.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best in Nusa Dua The large complex of Nusa Dua felt a bit odd having stayed at the secluded Ritz Carlton the week before, but the Sheraton is good value for money and I think it was the best of the Nusa Dua hotels. Yes, the rooms are in need of updating, but they are perfectly fine and are very clean and the hotel is in the process of refurbishiing one of it's blocks. We had the cheapest garden view room (from which we could see the lagoon and the sea) and unless the rooms are much better, the lagoon access rooms didn't look like they were worth the upgrade cost as the lagoons don't all link up. Having said that the pools are really lovely and the gardens are well maintained. There were plently of sun loungers and bales to lounge around in. The service was excellent, as it seems to be everywhere in Bali. The beach is very pleasant in the day time and you can go for walks along the front or round the small island nearby. The tide goes out in the afternoon and it's less attractive so we tended to move to the pool. We mostly eat outside the hotel at local restaurants which are incredibly good value and we went out and about round Bali so didn't spend that much time in Nusa Dua. The evenings were quiet which was perfect for us, but may not suit everyone. I don't think I'd go back to Nusa Dua as I found the resort a little bland, but we did have a great holiday.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>traveller44
<Content>You could be in any hotel anywhere. I stayed at the Sheraton Laguna for two nights. It truly was a very dissapointing experience. Yes, the grounds are lovely. However, that's about it. Everything is expensive, which is to be expected from a 5 star hotel. The hotel has absolutely no Balinese feel about it at all. I felt I could have been in any concrete hotel anywhere in the world. If you were to take photo's of the resort, your friends may guess you were in Hawaii, Cancun, Fiji. But not Bali. The rooms were surprisingly sterile and extremely cold. The balcony was very small. The breakfast was sumptious but horrendously expensive. I couldn't wait to get out of this hotel. Upon my return to Australia, my travel agent then stayed at this hotel. I was not surprised upon her return when she advised me she too did not enjoy her stay at the Sheraton Laguna. Interestingly, my travel agent now discourages her clients to stay at the Sheraton Laguna. That is not a good sign, is it? If you want a colourless, bland, no ambience or no Balinese feel, no local culture holiday, stay at the Sheraton Laguna. To be really direct, do not stay here.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>we were at first, a little dissapointed! We stayed at the Sheraton Laguna for 9 nights in sept. Having done 4 nights in Hong kong at the most luxurious hotel you can imagine. we were at first, a little dissapointed! The rooms are in need of the refurb the Hotel is currently undergoing, however the food, the Hotel grounds and in particular the friendliness, service and expertise of the staff made it a fantastic experience. The Balinese are lovely people and made this a truly memorable holiday for us. Having checked out the adjacent Hotels we think the Sheraton was the best in Nusa Dua, once the refurb is complete it will be outstanding! We were also very impressed with the new and award winning Conrad in Tanjung Benoa about 10 mins away.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel currently being renovated Having just returned from Bali and having spent 13 nights at the Sheraton I can say that this is a lovely place to stay.However, it is currently undergoing extensive renovation work to all of it's rooms (there are 3 blocks, of which they are currently working on the middle one which overlooks the main area of the grounds and pools) plus the ballroom is being made bigger. Noise is constant during the day because of this. We were told by staff that the room refits and ballroom are due to be completed by the end of October, just in time for the peak season.We didn't find the noise too much of a problem and spent most of our time on the beach where you couldn't hear it, but it may iritate some people.The staff were all very friendly and polite, the hotel and grounds are beautiful, the food in all the restaurants was excellant, to a UK resident it would be considered as cheap (although it is cheaper eating outside the hotel), and there are a lot of little touches that make the hotel a nice place to stay. I would recommend staying in the lagoon access room, it's a good way to start the day plunging into a pool straight from your room.I would definetly recommened staying there, and would go back again.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top of the Range Resort My wife and I first went to Nusa Dua 3 years ago staying at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel first, the next year we stayed at the Westin next door and this year we stayed at the Sheraton Laguna. We have travelled quite extensively in asia over the last 20 years and stayed in numerous resort hotels and we can say without doubt that the Sheraton Laguna is the best. We stayed for 10 nights in July/August this year.A couple of pointers for anyone contemplating a stay at the Sheraton. Next door to the hotel is the Bali Melia and on the side adjoining the Sheraton they have some noisy fans going 24 hours a day, they are not a problem during the day but at night they are just loud enough to be a nuisance. This noise only affects the odd numbered rooms so ask for an even numbered room. I would also suggest that a room on the top floor (numbers beginning with 4) are the best. The rooms on the bottom floor have direct access to the pools but we live next to the ocean in Australia so having access to water was not a priority.When we arrived we noticed the noise from the fans in the Bali Melia and we asked to move to a quieter room and they moved us without any fuss to room 410 which was a garden facing room. We loved this room, it was so quiet and we both felt relaxed and so comfortable, maybe one little grumble, the balcony was a bit on the small side (maybe we are a bit picky in our old age).I have read most of the reviews on these pages and can only agree about the friendly staff, the excellent butler service, etc., yes the food is not cheap but it is prepared and presented to the highest international standards. There are several cheap restaurants outside the main Nusa Dua gate which is about 10 minutes walk away. I would add one more thing about the staff and that is that somehow they remember your preferences so you don't have to keep reminding them how you want things presented.Any new visitors to Bali should spend time talking to the locals they are such a gentle friendly people with a very good sense of humour. They love nothing more than sitting down to talk to the tourists (they all want to learn another language), yes you do get hassled by some but they are trying to make a living in sometimes difficult circumstances and a firm polite no thank you will generally suffice. We spent quite a few happy hours haggling over tee shirts and little gifts at the market stalls and got to know several of the local stall holders.Security is very visible during the day and night. All the major hotels have security gates and stop all cars and taxis not part of the hotel fleet.We are already planning to go back to the Sheraton for our next holiday in April next year.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nscarty
<Content>Huge dissapointment Huge dissapointment. Everything had a cost attached which is drastically different from the rest of Bali where mostly everything is included. I could have saved 30 hours of travelling and 120,000 frequent flyer miles by going to a Disney World Resort where at least I could have gotten some straight answers. They charge an arm and a leg for cab rides anywhere outside the Nusa Dua compound and I caught one of the managers scolding a worker for giving me a ride on the back of his scooter 1/4 mile for free that the hotel was charging $10 for. Don't end your trip here or you'll leave Bali with a bad taste in your mouth. It's got corporate hotel industry written all over it.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed... We had booked to stay at this hotel for one night on our way through Bali to elsewhere in Indonesia and again for a few nights at the end of our trip but the first visit put us off for good. We are very familiar with the Starwood Luxury Collection brand and this hotel simply does not live up to the standards. It feels more like a theme park than a luxury hotel and is also in need of a refurb. Staff were friendly but we did not find them efficient.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>warnerbro
<Content>Older Hotel with luscious grounds The hotel is very nicely laid out but is very old. I was fortunate to stay in a lagoon access room which was a nice touch and if you are going to stay there, it is the way to go. The beds are horribly soft. So bad I slept on the floor a couple of nights. The staff is very attentive and is comitted to making your stay pleasant...it's just too old. The good news is that they are renovating there rooms later this year.Best part about the room is a very large tub in which you could order customized baths  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mikezens
<Content>Not overcrowded, even in high season We stayed at the Sheraton Laguna in Mid July over the weekend and the hotel was fully booked. However even at the breakfast buffett, which is often a problem in peak times, we could not see that is overcrowded.We got an upgrade to a suite room and our frined stayed at a normal room. Even tough some renovation is needed (which will be done soon accrding to the staff) I have seen 5 star hotels in much worse conditions and felt very comfortable.We where lucky that they had a food promotion ongoing during our stay with a guest chef from Thialand and could experience very good food at the outdoor terrace. Price for food where reasonable, but drinks are a bit expensive (so use the happy hours at the 2 hotel bars one for one).A problem is, that people get up at 6am block a deckchair with the towel and go back to sleep. You see many chairs blocked and people show up very late.If you want to avoid too many people, head for the backside Laguna, which is very quiet and peaceful. Staff there is very attentive as it is quite empty.My wife also loved the spa treatment in a Bale near the beach.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Alright but only average After seeing the positive reviews here, I booked myself into the Sheraton. There is nothing you can't seriously fault this resort. However, I find the some commentators could have over-rated the hotel. I don't think the Westin is significantly inferior. In fact, I stayed at the Westin just 3 months back, and like it more as it is newer. Sheraton may look grand on the outside, but the property is quite old. The flooring and carpets inside the rooms are visibly old and in need of replacement. The only aspect that is unique to Sheraton is the lagoon access room, which comes at a premium, but gives you access to the pool right from your balcony.The FB is also average in qualilty and value. The spa is fine and pricing is reasonable.My conclusion is that better value is found next door if you're looking for a basic room as it is cheaper. If you can afford to pay, there are much better resorts in Bali.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice resort and a very good value! I found the Nusa Dua property to be quite good for the money. I am a little late in this review (having visited a little over a year ago), however, I thought I would leave a post. The rooms are beyond stadard fare for the money. The location is great and, overall, a very good experience especially for the money. Hard to compare this property with the super premium properties also available south of Denpasar, however, if you are on a budget, yuo could do much worse than staying here!A great place for young honeymooners on a budget.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>italybound06
<Content>Definite most for honeymooners My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton in Nusa Dua in Feb 2005 for our honeymoon. We LOVED it. We have already made plans to come back every 5 years. The staff was unbelievable, so friendly and helpful. We were upgraded to a honeymoon suite and had a lovely time at the restaurants. The spa was beautiful and fairly reasonable, the beachside massages were wonderful. Would reccomend getting up early and reserving a beachside cabana (first come first serve). My only negatives was the price of food was on the higher side, nice for special nights but it is much cheaper if you are willing to walk down the street to the market area or take a drive to Kuta, I also thought the restaurants the hotel reccomended were quite pricey would be careful.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pysiu
<Content>True Paradise!!! True Paradise! By far, this hotel is one of the most beautiful places I have ever seen. Rooms are super clean and tastefully decorated. Gardens, gazebos, and lagoons are just amazing. You feel like you are in a fairy tale. Service is excellent! People are very nice and always there to help you. Drinks at the bar could be better - they all sort of taste the same. Food, however, was amazing - especially the buffet breakfast! I will definitely return to this hotel and I highly recommend it!!!!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dbasha
<Content>A lovely exclusive resort My family and I spent 5 nights at the Sheraton recently. The hotel was well maintained and small enough to ensure a feeling of exclusivityand peacefulness which was clearly absent in its neighbour the Westin. Service was excellent and the prices of food and drinks, though high, were not exorbitant. On the down side, the choice of restaurants and the room service menu were somewhat limited. Overall, the Sheraton was far superior to its immediate neighbours, namely Nusa Dua, Westin and Melia.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best along the Nusa Dua Beach Just returned from Bali having stayed at the Sheraton Laguna, Westin and Kuta Paradiso. This was my third time in Bali. I have to say that Sheraton was by far the best hotel and I'm surprised that Westin, it's sister hotel, still exist knowing most guests would have compared the two. Sheraton's butler service was excellent and you could request for hot tea or coffee after a night out, past midnight for FOC. Some days they even served cakes to go along with tea in the afternoon, again they are FOC. The grounds are excellent but have to say Nusa Dua Beach Resort's are more authentic. Lagoons are out of this world and the lagoon access rooms are unbelievable. I would highly recommend Sheraton for those who intend to stay at a 5 star luxurious resort in Nusa Dua. Although not as private as those villas but for the landscape and service, it's definitely worth a stay. I would rate Sheraton a much better hotel than Westin or rather you can forget about Westin unless Sheraton is fully booked.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>touringscot
<Content>An oasis of calm and beauty   showReview(3393605, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional!   showReview(3258216, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great spa and good for families too       View down onto part of the Lagune  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sanchrts
<Content>Perfect Getaway with Amazing Staff       lagoons  lawn areas  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gwillis
<Content>Wonderful and romantic   showReview(3012215, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paulandflorence
<Content>Sheraton takes the lead over Westin (next door)   showReview(2852377, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bondosan006
<Content>Fabulous resort hotel   showReview(2663512, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best pools in Asia   showReview(2605261, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A dream came true!!!!!!   showReview(2424272, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LQGuy
<Content>The absolute BEST hotel EVER!   showReview(2181238, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>klwa
<Content>Willkommen im Paradies   showReview(22312342, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>nobu0523
<Content>銈偢銈仺娆х背銇屻亶銈屻亜銇瀺鍚堛仐銇熴€佸ぇ浜恒伄銉┿偘銈搞儱銈儶銉笺儶銈俱兗銉堛€?#x201d;   showReview(20360201, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>efebo
<Content>Eccezzionale , il migliore!!   showReview(19599550, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仯銇︺倐娓┿亱銇勩儧銉嗐儷銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19914453, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>greg556
<Content>H么tel magnifique   showReview(17954609, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>婧€鍠仐銇︺亶銇俱仐銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(19168454, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Spatchou
<Content>Tout simplement merveilleux   showReview(11028051, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓姘楀垎銈掑懗銈忋亜銇熴亜銇倝銈炽偝銆?#x201d;   showReview(19162002, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銉冦儠銇屻儠銉兂銉夈儶銉?#x201d;   showReview(19161467, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cristina>Neil
<Content>Welcome to PARADISE!   showReview(6837951, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳暤銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(19160094, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘偂銉熴儶銉笺伀銇婂嫥銈併伄銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19159933, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉椼兗銉仺娴枫€佷浮鏂规ソ銇椼倎銇俱仚锛?#x201d;   showReview(19159930, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫偋銉┿儓銉炽€€銉┿偘銉笺儕銆€銉屻偟銉夈偉銈?#x201d;   showReview(19154740, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉椼兗銈便儍銉堛伄銈枫偋銉┿儓...   showReview(19929288, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椋熶簨銇銇ｃ仧銇仹銇欍亴...   showReview(19927587, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婇儴灞嬨伄銉欍儵銉炽儉銇嬨倝...   showReview(19926306, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸銈淬兗銈搞儯銈广仾...   showReview(19925203, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛旈殠銇儵銈般兗銉炽偣銈ゃ兗...   showReview(19921849, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿偘銉笺兂锛堛儣銉笺儷锛夈伀...   showReview(19921389, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儶宄躲仹銆佷簩鍥炵洰銇粸...   showReview(19919901, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇仺銇︺倐搴冦亸銆併儥...   showReview(19919791, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄銉涖儐銉伅銉椼兗銉亴...   showReview(19918981, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸鑹亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚...   showReview(19916815, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

