<Author>adl72
<Content>Great location good hotel Good room, bigger than others (judging by the plan on the fire evacuation sign) overlooking Lavender Bay to rear of hotel. Good location - opposite the train station that has frequent trains to central Sydney. Great views to be had a short walk away of the Harbour bridge and the Opera House.Bed was a bit 'springy' and TV reception was not great. Restaurant was full at breakfast, so had to sit on the balcony - a bit chilly in August in Oz!!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Schipem
<Content>Just okay... We visited The Vibe in North Sydney from November 15th - 21st. This motel is nice and very centrally located - right across from the train station and also very close to the ferry at Luna Park. We got there at 10:00 a.m. The reception area seemed very nice. We told them we knew we were early, but wondered what time we could check in. The lady at the front desk told us about noon a room would be ready. So, after a 17 hour plane ride, we decided to go get something to eat just down the road. We walked back at noon and they told us that the housekeeping still didn't have it ready and it would be another hour. So, we walked to a friends place that was nearby. We waited to come back until 2:30 and still were told that the room wasn't ready! I got a little testy with them and they took us up to the bar to have drinks on them until it was ready. Well, needless to say I went back down at 3:00 and still not ready. They were then going to show us upgrades for the hotel - so we took their tour and wouldn't you know our initial room was ready! So, finally at 3:45 we were in our room! What service....The room - Basic - we had a nice view of the Harbour. The bed was nice(r) than some hotels. The lighting wasn't the greatest by the bathroom/mirror. The shower door is only a half door, which I don't understand and so of course our floor was soaked each time we got out of the shower!We never ate at the restaurant there and so I can't really say much about that.Otherwise just an okay hotel. Nothing too great except for the location...would recommend it only for location.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	2	3	5	

<Author>tfitzp
<Content>Perfect Location As we were planning to run in the Sydney Half Marathon last weekend, we booked a couple of rooms at the Vibe in June and glad that we did because they virtually doubled their prices shortly afterwards.In saying that we had a great stay - booked a Junior Suite for 2 adults/2 children and had a room on 11th floor overlooking Kirribilli area. Lots of lovely views/walks/eateries around the area, and only 4 mins by train from Milsons Point (opposite hotel) into CBD.Didn't use any of the hotel facilities but would probably stay there again because of it's location.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>loulou1960
<Content>Let's go to Luna Park!! After reading mixed reviews about the property, I still decided to go ahead - we wanted to surprise our kids with a visit to Luna park, and you just couldn't beat the package they were offering. Besides, we thought, it's only for one night.Well, what a surprise. The booking went without a hitch, the check-in staff were professional and friendly, and the room was fantastic. We had a junior suite, which had plenty of room for two adults and two children. The main bedroom had a queen bed, and they provided a rollaway, and sofa lounge in the main room - great if your kids don't partucularly want to share a bed. And two TVs too - so the adults could watch the footy on Foxtel in one roon, and kids could watch TV in the other. The bathroom was modern and clean, and the view was great. We were exhausted after our day out, but didn't want room service so reception recommended a fantastic pizza place that delivered.Its such a shame that there have been bad reviews, I don't know, maybe they have cleaned up their act, or have new management - but I couldn't fault it. They have so many great packages too, Luna Park, the Zoo, the Aquarium etc - works out a really good deal with accom, breakfast, parking  tickets (and the good thing was that if it turned out to be a lousy day weather wise, you had three months to use the tickets). I'll definately be back!!!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>busymother_7
<Content>Comfortable, Even with the Kids! The Vibe Hotel in North Sydney is located just across the Harbour Bridge (from the city) opposite Milsons Point train station. I looked on a couple of accommodation websites to try and find family friendly hotel rooms without paying huge $$$ and still be close to the city. I wanted to find comfortable, clean accommodation for 2 adults and 2 kids aged 4 and 5. I discovered many hotel rooms only have a maximum of 3 people which is no good for us. I ended up finding a great package - 1 night accommodation in a Junior Vibe Suite, breakfast for 4, car parking, and Luna Park tickets for the whole family! We stayed in a Junior Vibe Suite which had a separate bedroom with queen size bed for us (was quite comfy) and the kids slept on a rollaway and fold out sofa bed in the living area. The living area also had a 2 seater lounge in it and a small kitchenette with tea/coffee making facilities and microwave. We both had our own TV's so once the kids went to bed we could still watch TV in our room. The bathroom consisted of a shower/bath, toilet and vanity/sink. It was in fairly good condition, just a little bit of mould in the shower area. The breakfast the next morning was nice, all the usual cooked dishes - scrambled eggs, bacon, tomato, sausages, plus fruit, cereal, yoghurt, meat/cheese selection, cereals, toast, crumpets. The kids were happy! We didn't eat dinner at the hotel but I had a look at the menu and it looked really nice. One thing I was concerned about was even though the train station was opposite us, we didn't hear them so a peaceful nights sleep was had by all. So if you are looking for accommodation for the family but don't want to pay hundreds of dollars to stay in the city I would recommend staying at this hotel.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>DownunderSugarglider
<Content>OK but overpriced?? I stayed here for 1 night recently and the hotel was chosen to suit location and availability on the night. Other hotels in the area were booked out and this was the only place left in the area with rooms. So I paid what I consider to be a high price for what I got. the room was the usual - cheap built in furniture, queen bed, decent linen, postage stamp size towels, standard mass produced toiletries, standard TV with a couple of extra pay channels, mini bar, iron and board, small table etc. As per usual the pillows were flat and uncomfortable.so I had a room at the back of the hotel which overlooked lavendar bay - very lovely view, saw the sun set. The mini bar prices were the usual outrageous prices. the room was spotlessly clean and the bathroom was all in good order - recently refurbished.I have stayed here once before and got a room at the front of the hotel. this was a bit of a disaster as the hotel overlooks milsons point rail station (FANTASTIC for city access) but trains start at 5am and toot their horns when they pull out. there are trains at every 10 mins whilst I was trying to sleep. I went down to the buffet breakfast which was OK - usual stuff - kelloggs cereals, toast, juices, danish, cheese, salami, tinned and fresh fruit. hot food included eggs, bacon, link sausages, beans. tea was really bad!also the carpark was full and I had to park out on the streetaverage business hotel, reasonably comfortable but beware of paying too much  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>CareerGirl
<Content>Not bad My room had a really nice view and was spacious, although the bathroom was small and cramped. The staff were friendly and efficient. Breakfast in the restaurant was nice but a bit pricey to eat there daily. The hotel is within walking distance to restaurants and boutique-style shops and the train station is across the road. The park just down the road offers a great view of the Opera House and Harbour Bridge.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>hazelha
<Content>Good Viibes Stayed here for my friend's wedding -she lives nearby, we were visiting from England. Brilliant location for seeing Sydney - right opposite Milsons Point railway station, only a few miinutes over the Harbour Bridge to the center of Sydney  all ferries, trains etc. Also close to the ferry stop which takes you to Darling Harbour (near the Olympic pool, not that well sign-posted) A very smart, modern hotel with great rooms. The higher up you are the better the views over the bays. Great rooftop pool too. Slightly worrying for older guests in our party - in their 70's they were told on check-in (as we were) that they needed to leave a credit card as deposit in case they trashed the room!! Also staff were not very accomodating of my friend who was leaving from there for her wedding  would not let her have her room one minute early! The suites on the top floors are much bigger, but the bathrooms are actually smaller than in the cheaper rooms. We didn't eat there although the restaurants looked fine - there are great breakfast places just along the road  around the corner,  if you go under the railway station some lovely Italian  Thai restaurants that are great value for the evening. I've been to Sydney many times  I would definitely stay here again - it's smart, modern  spotless, if a little impersonal. It's definitely a hotel for adults not kids.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>Otalie
<Content>A 'hairy' experience... Visiting friends in the area, I booked the nearby Vibe hotel for 1 night on [--]... Whilst comparatively cheap, I came away with the vibe that this property doesn't represent very good value for money.The (standard queen) room was clean and fairly comfortable, with pleasant views over the harbor/Kiribilli. The large amount of mold on bathroom tiles gave the bathroom a tired feel. A real let-down was the breakfast. My expectations weren't huge - this is a 4 star establishment which seems largely directed at the youth market... I found someone else's hair lodged in my mango which was very off-putting, then just a few minutes later, my dad who had joined me for breakfast found a different hair baked into his bread! Severely off-putting! Also disappointing was discovering that the mini marmalade on our table was not fresh and had already been opened and left there.Service-wise, the staff on check-in were great - very friendly. Unfortunately upon check-out I dealt with a young woman with a tongue piercing who was unsmiling and snappy.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Ben&Sarah
<Content>Bad Vibrations I am from Sydney and my partner is from London. We booked to stay for 11 days in September at the Vibe hotel primarily due to its location. To cut a long story short - our first room had a terrible view so we asked to move. Our second room had a broken shower so they asked us to move - at 11.30pm and with no help.Other irritating elements of our stay:- Only one lift seems to work during the day which meas you can literally be waiting 5 minutes by the lift for it to arrive.- The staff were largely unhelpful (excluding a lovely girl from NZ) and at one point, blatantly rude. - We tried to extend our stay due to a funeral and were told that if we booked through the hotel we would need to pay over double the rate we were currently paying. When asked what they would suggest we do they offered no advice and seemed annoyed to be asked at all.- the roms are dated, with the same art in everyone - a little imagination would be good. The showers are claustrophobic, the heating/air con erratic and free clothes washing machine unreliable and ineffective (when it actually worked properly).If you are considering staying here I would suggest you try the hotel we switched to - The Rendevous Stafford Hotel in the Rocks. It has the ultimate location, excellent service, great amenities and about 1000% better in every way from the Vibe.Bad Vibrations? Trust me, don't waste your time.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>virtual_tourist_uk
<Content>A little tired and in need of some TLC My family and I have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Vibe North Sydney. We had booked the hotel because it was close to were my wife鈥檚 sister lived whose wedding we were attending. After the 4 nights we stayed at their apartment whilst they were on honeymoon.The Vibe is about 20 鈥?30 minutes from the airport. It is situated opposite the Railway Station and toll booths for the harbour bridge; however noise is not a problem due to the double glazing. The hotel lobby has a 鈥榝unky鈥?feel to it, bright colours and large fish bowls on the reception desk add to the atmosphere.As a family we had to book a suite, as the rooms only sleep 2. Our room was on the 11 floor. It was clean but did look a little tired and in need of some TLC. There was a microwave and coffee making facilities. The room had a great view of the Harbour and Harbour Bridge.The location of the hotel is very good, a 1 minute walk to the Railway Station or a 5 鈥?7 minute walk to the pier to catch the ferry to Circular Quay. The hotel does have a swimming pool; however it is only big enough for maybe 2 鈥?3 adults, as long as they stood still! There is an Olympic size swimming pool near to the pier, however it is salt water, but still refreshing nevertheless  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>hylands41
<Content>Vibe North Sydney great for "out of towners" Vibe hotel North Sydney is great for those not familiar with Sydney. Well positioned across the road from the train station and only one stop into the city. Also handy to the ferry. After a slight hiccup at check in (they had my name correct but wrong address) our Aqua room was fine, with a great view of the harbour. Some reviewers have had problems with musty rooms but our was OK, also the furniture was not scratched or knocked about as some have reported. It is probably worth upgrading to the water view rooms as they seem better maintained. The aircon was efficient and very quiet (although it will not work until a room key is inserted into a slot - get two keys at check-in so you can leave one in the slot while you are out).The bathroom is small but nicely tiled. A potential problem for those travelling by car is that the car park (extra cost) is small and you are not guaranteed a spot. If the car park is full you have to park down the street at another parking station about 6-7 minutes walk, and back up a hill. We got the best deal by calling the hotel directly (better than their own website). This hotel is definately not five star, but at the price we paid it was fair value. It represents a good alternative to higher priced hotels right in the city yet is well served by public transport, even a taxi rank at the door.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Healthy-Runner
<Content>Excellent Location This was the second time that we stayed at the Vibe Hotel at North Sydney. The main purpose of the stay was to be close to the start of the Half Marathon event (Marathon and Fun Runs start from the same location). Last year we had a room with a view of the harbour. This year we had a room without the view, but the interior of the room was of similar quality. The room was a comfortable size with a queen bed, sofa, coffee table, desk and chair. The room and furnishings were very clean. The staff was extremely helpful and polite. Parking was available in the building for this year's visit. The location is excellent, even if you are not planning to participate in the events, as it is about 200 metres from the Milsons Point Railway Station, 400 metres from Sydney Harbour, 200 metres from the Harbour Bridge and relatively peaceful. We look forward to another visit next year.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>teambloopy
<Content>Not a happy start to the wedding... My bridesmaid and I wanted to stay somewhere close by to where my wedding was and vibe was recommended by the venue. After leaving our bags there and checking in (but not into the room) earlier in the day, we arrived later that night to be told we did not have a room and that there was nothing resembling our name in the system. This misunderstanding was overcome by the duty manager (but with some unnecessary rudeness thrown in we thought) but then we ended up being given a key to a room with someone else in it. Not a nice thing to walk in on someone while they are sleeping - and not nice for the sleeping person either I imagine!! After another trip downstairs to reception we got another room key to the real room but this did not work. It took even more trips up and down the lift for this to be sorted out and by this stage we were both getting very annoyed at both the service we had been given and the general rudeness and bad attitudes that we were encountering. We realise that we were not acting the angels by this stage either but the way we were treated was totally uncalled for. Eventually, we had to call the groom to come to the hotel from the other side of the city and sort it out for us as we had both become quite upset after all these hassles. Finally we got into our room and it turned out to be quite nice (it was a suite) with a view over the harbour but unfortnately we were in no mood to enjoy the night lights.We were on the verge of just checking out the next day and being done with the place rather than staying the next 2 nights we had booked, however, the new duty manager the next morning was the ultimate professional and apologised for what had happened, asked us for our side of the story and treated us with the respect that had been missing from the night before. He compensated us for our inconvenience and made general amends for our bad experience.The rest of the stay was largely uneventful although the toilet was always running (which is annoying when trying to sleep) and the room was starting to show some signs of wear and tear. The wedding went ahead so that is the main thing I guess!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>keza123
<Content>Very tired looking room. This was our 3rd stay at this hotel. Our 1st and 2nd stay here were lovely however we were disappointed this time. We had decided to go for one of their cheaper rooms without a view as we only wanted to use it to sleep in after a big day out and a show at night. The room was very tired looking and smelt musty and dusty. The room was made stuffier because the airconditioning wasn't running when we arrived. Your door card had to be inserted in the electrical outlet to make everything work. It was a very hot day with extreme humidity so we were looking forward to relaxing in a cool room before heading out for our show. Walking into the room gave you no immediate relief at all. It took quite some time before the temperature came to an acceptable level.One thing that we love about this hotel is the access to the Sydney Harbour Bridge. If walking across the top is too expensive then try walking along it at road level. The stairs for pedestrian access to the bridge is just outside this hotel. On a lovely summer night It's lovely to have dinner at The Rocks then walk back to your hotel across the bridge with all the city lights. If it rains Milsons Point train station is also just outside the hotel door or you can go down to the ferry wharf just near Luna Park.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	4	1	4	3	3	

<Author>ric808
<Content>Gret little secret in North Sydney This is a great little hotel in North Sydney, located next to the Harbour Bridge. The Milsons Point subway stop is right across the street.When we checked in, there had been a problem with our reservation and I was upgraded to a suite on the executive level. Wonderfully comfortable room, nice view of the Marina.The staff is helpful with giving directions and addressing guest needs. The hotel is rather hip; however, some of the furniture in the rooms looks a bit worn.Internet access is not free. Morning newspapers, which are promised at check-in, were never delivered. The underground parking is impossible to manuever.I'd definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	1	

<Author>ValerieBrooklyn
<Content>Would not go back... I really was disappointed with the room. The second I walked in there was a gigantic roach in the room. The front desk said it was summer and switched my room, completely unconcerned with my complaint. They claimed it was an upgrade but the room looked exactly the same. Very disheartening. The room was a bit smelly and there was nothing impressive. I was grossed out and stayed only one night of the three I was supposed to stay. I'd rather spend the same amount of money and stay in downtown Sydney.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	2	-1	3	

<Author>trisha1a
<Content>Fantastic location Fantastic location for anyone who is not too familiar with Sydney as it was the perfect location. Loved walking around Lavendar and Kirribilli Bay. Staff were very helpful at reception. A bonus arriving in Sydney early morning (our original plan was to drop off the luggage) but the staff said that our room was ready and we could check in at 9.30am! Vibe's marketing material highlights a crisp and clean upmarket hotel. The upgrade is great but it shows a little wear and tear already. I was surprised that management did not notice this when they check rooms. It wasn't as fresh, new and sparkly as I had hoped for compared with the promtional material on the web and brochures. It's amazing what a professional photographer can do. Overall, after staying 2 nights in a Aqua View room I would recommend this hotel to anyone who needs an excellent location and it is pretty good value. A bit of a difference compared to staying in a 5 star hotel. But you can save quite a bit of money when booking online or take up the specials. I would rather have the difference in money to spend in Sydney than pay an outrage price for a room in the city.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	2	4	5	3	

<Author>Traveller1105
<Content>Great position The best position re ease of commuting - Milsons Point Station was opposite the hotel, the ferry to Circular Quay was an easy ten minute stroll. On the opposite side of the station there was a great street - Broughton Street, which was full of great restaurants. Nice safe area to be in. However, the room while comfortable was basic, lacking such essentials as a fan in the bathroom! Apparently none of the rooms have a fan in the bathroom - we asked! So bathroom was fogged up after someone had a shower/bath. The presence of a fan in the bathroom of any 4 star hotel should be a given. The room service menu is very basic. We wanted an Iced chocolate or Iced Coffee, which they told us they did not do! Having stayed there for 3 nights while attending a conference: a colleague stayed one further night paying for an upgrade to a better room: when she asked for a late check-out (one hour later than was the norm) , they would not extend her occupancy unless she paid for another night.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>magsrich
<Content>great vibes @the Vibe North Sydney We had heard this hotel had small rooms but ourAqua room was lovely, we had a lovely view of Lavender Bay , Luna PArk and could even see the end of the Harbour bridge. The location is great-right opposite the railway station and the city,Rocks etc was so easy to get to.Staff couldnt have been more helpful and very friendly. our breakfast was fine, we didnt have other meals there as we were out and about during our 4 days there and there are lots of restaurents nearby.we will definatly stay again, it is great value.Also went past the Rushcutters Vibe which also seemd in a good location  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>djh1
<Content>Vibe Hotel was quite good Last week we spent a night at the Vibe Hotel in North Sydney. After reading some quite bad reports on various websites I thought I would mention that we found it a perfectly comfortable hotel in a good location for North Sydney. The room (a standard twin) was of an acceptable size and perfectly clean. The bed was extremely comfortable. My only complaint would be the quality of the buffet breakfast. It was quite expensive at $23.95 AUD and the quality of the food was only average. There was very little choice of cereals and the eggs had been sitting in the bain marie for a very long time! My recommendation is to stay in the hotel which has quite good rates, but go for breakfast elsewhere, there appeared to be little cafes within five minutes walk or a ferry across the harbour to Circular Quay.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Scotttt
<Content>Good Location, Average Hotel If you are after this particular location then the Vibe is adequate, but there is not much to recommend about the accomodation itself based on my room.Vibe Hotel is in a top location in Milson's Point. It is a short walk to the base of the Sydney Harbour Bridge and spectacular views across the water to the Opera House and city. This would be a good location if you need quick access to the city but want to stay somewhere more relaxing and quiet. It is a short drive to the city or you can catch the train across from the hotel and be in the city in a few minutes, and the trains seem quite good in Sydney. Also, make sure you take the short walk across to Kirribilli where you will find plenty of small shops and good eateries (although slightly pricey as you would expect just a few hundred metres from such great views).As for the Vibe hotel itself, I found it very average. The restaurant and bar are ok, my bed was comfortable enough, and the room was quiet. Some of the rooms would have good water views. However, my room looked old and worn, the TV was small and old, and the bathroom was cramped. The shower design and position meant that I had to kneel under the shower head and get blasted with cold water to turn the shower on. The worst part was the musty smell of my floor and room - although I realised later that I was in a smoking room, but surely it still shouldn't smell that bad. The swimming pool is tiny.Good location, average hotel.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Becandjamie
<Content>There are better hotels but for the price ($A150) it was ok We stayed for one night with many other family members all in separate rooms. Although we all booked together, we were not all on the same floor as requested. But that was not the end of the world, it was a large group and that is understandable. Views are great, location is excellent, opposite Milson's Point train station and 5 minutes to the city on the train. I also stayed at the hotel when it was The Duxton and I think the decor and service were better then. We had a problem with parking, but fluked the last park quite luckily, it was a Saturday night. Breakfast was ok, service was ok. The staff were nothing to rave about as far as service goes - the staff were quiet rude to me and some of the rest of our family - and did not go out of their own way to assist either at reception or at breakfast. The decor is quite tired although the website says it was renovated in 2004. Reception and restaurant are funky but rooms are a bit dated. But the views make up for it. Average sized rooms, average sized bathrooms. I found it cheaper on the Vibe Hotel website than thru any other hotel booking website.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dashia
<Content>Great Stay We have stayed at the Vibe hotel several times.I must admit when it was a Duxton it was slightly better in most ways.However we got a room right up the top with an awesome view that really made up for any lackings!My advise is to book on their website or on a similiar site with good deals that way you'll be much happier with the prices.We've had room service and the food was fine however there are some great restaurants near by.I do hope that they invest into their hotel as with the views it truly is stunning.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>albertst
<Content>good hotel but be aware of parking difficulty good quiet room, excellent position, however hotel parking is full on weekends, so the alternative is 3 blocks away down a steep hill at Luna Park. Reception admitted this happens most weekends. Street parking is not an option, as it is metered until midnight, and then again at 8:30 in mornings. Parking is a huge issue in Sydney, but arriving back at the hotel on Saturday to find we couldn't get in was frustrating.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad Vibe This hotel is dated. The decor was nasty. The TV was old and small. The bed was uncomfortable. The pool was tiny. There are many better hotels in Sydney for the same price. The owners are looking to turn the hotel in to an apartment block as soon as they can get approval so I guess are not wanting to waste any money on renovations.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coastvisitor
<Content>OK if You are a Snob I wanted to have a special dinner for my partner and myself for our first anniversary. I saw on the net an offer at the Duxton Hotel Nth Sydney for a seafood platter for 2 deal for a reasonable price so decided to book. The advertising said spectacular views over Lavender Bay. The meal was paid for with my credit card at the time of booking. On arrival at the hotel's restaurant, we were kept waiting for several minutes even though there was only one other couple in the restauant. The waiter was not genuinely friendly and made me feel quite uncomfortable. I said we were booked in and we were seated. On seating he showed us the menu and when I said we booked the seafood platter, he said it had to be ordered 24hrs in advance to which I replied that I had booked and paid for this 2 weeks ago. I was then told that there was a complimentary bottle of wine with the platter which I was not aware of. He then asked for our room number. When I told him we were not staying at the hotel he told me that the wine was only for hotel guests but that we could purchase one from the wine list. When I chose the wine, it was a 2000 Chardonnay and when he brought it out and showed me the label, I noticed the label said that it was a 2002. He was not paying attention to me but was speaking to my partner as he started to open the wine. It took several interruptions by me to get him to stop and listen to my concern. Said that they were out of that vintage and that I could have another wine.The 'fantastic views' were not of Lavender Bay but of ourselves as there was tinting on the windows and as it was evening, we could see nothing.All in all the evening was very disappointing.  
<Date>May 4, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅€氥亱銇?#x201d;   showReview(19162372, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

