<Author>frumiousb
<Content>Very nice for a fancy hotel The Conrad is centrally located in the harbor area and is a nice place to get many of the little touches of services and luxury that this kind of hotel provides. Particularly now, it is a good moment to get some exceptional rates at the Conrad. It may be more expensive than other hotels in the area, but with the rate that we were able to get, it was much cheaper than a hotel in Europe. The beds were very comfortable and the little touches like the fresh fruit in the rooms were appreciated.One minor complaint: the fancy bedside panel with which the room controls the lights was not working well. In our first room (We started and finished our Asian vacation at this hotel), the switch for the desk lights needed pounding in order to turn it on and off. In our second room, even though we turned the privacy light off in our room, it didn't turn off at the door and we came back from a long day of museums and shopping to find that the room had not been made up. Simple switches do have some value!The staff were friendly and perform beautifully. They sometimes even cross the line into being too helpful and too intrusive.As usual, I am constantly irritated by how much these high end hotels charge for things like breakfast, drinks and extras. If I could find a chain that gave some luxury but also charged reasonable prices, then I would be a loyal customer. If breakfast isn't included in your rate, then I would skip the hotel breakfast and instead walk the 10 meters into the nearby Millennium Walk and catch breakfast in the mall. I also found that the quality of the juice and cocktails in the (very expensive) hotel bar was below other bars that I found in Singapore.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>redwrangler8
<Content>Great Hotel The Conrad in Singapore is an excellent choice for the business traveller, especially when choosing the executive rooms. The service provided is impeccable. The rooms are are beautifully designed, follwing an Asian scheme with a lot of bamboo. The bathrooms are very spacious and the room is very clean and in excellent technical condition. The valet service is prompt, uncomplicated and cleanliness is perfect. The breakfast on the executive floors takes place in a calm environment with a wide variety of international breakfast items. The view of Singapore is from the high floors of this hotel is absolutely outstanding. The location of the hotel is not fully ideal though, even though it is close to the convention center, it is a bit out of the city center and any activities in walking distance to the hotel are limited to convention related activites and other hotels. Still I would overall recommend this hotel for the business traveller going to Singapore.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mupple
<Content>Definitely worth the difference It costs a little more than some of the other hotels in the Marina area, but the difference is worth it. Decor, amenities and little extra touches in the rooms are great. Beds are wonderfully huge and soft. Service is first rate, staff really seem to try and think ahead to help.If you're looking for views, this is probably not the place, say compared to Swissotel, but overall, this shouldn't detract from the experience. So many things to see and do in Singapore that the length of time spent in the hotel room time may not be great !  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alanyeo76
<Content>Excellent....       entrane to the room  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>up40love
<Content>Nice Hotel Very nice hotel. To be expected of Conrad. Did not include breakfast or happy hour, nor did it have an executive lounge. Would probably stay at Hilton Next time, better amenities for HHonors members.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LiangShanBo
<Content>Nice 5 star hotel Nice 5 star hotel typical of the Hilton chain. Across the street from the convention center and close to several malls (although what large hotel is not close to a mall in SG?). Accordingly, plenty of places to grab a bite at all price levels and do some shopping between meetings. Very convenient to the aiport - maybe 15 minutes by taxi.Also let me check out a day early even though I was on a conference rate and subject to penalty for doing so. Since my company was going under and I was unlikely to get reimbursed for the trip, that meant a lot to me since the hotel is expensive.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ramesh_chugh
<Content>Nice hotel,great location v stayed in this hotel for 2 nites on 26  27th April.On my earlier visit i had stayed at Grand Copthrone Waterfront and had fun there.Check in was smooth and the room was great.Since i was on official trip..i had to share my room with 1 of my sub-ordinate.but the room was big and the furniture was new and plush.Breakfast was terrific with lots of lip smacking dishes.Location wise..its great hotel with suntec centre right in front of it.Commuting was not a problem as taxis and MRT is easliy available.The staff was courteous and polite.Great location and great hotel.Cant wait to get back.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>airsupply
<Content>Perfect business hotel This is a typical 5 star chain hotel, huge,bland and lacking atmosphere but excellent for its type. The rooms are beautiful, beds huge and inoffensive colours and design. Lots of nice touches - fruit basket, chocolates and rubber duck for the tub. Good room service and an excellent in-room breakfast menu. The staff are friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ynottravelnewdelhi
<Content>Par Excellence Service I was a bit apprehensive at staying at The Conrad, but this hotel by far exceeded my expectations. The hotel is a luxury property opposite the Convention Centre, amidst various shopping malls, both high ended as well as mid-level. Check in was smooth, as is expeceted from any luxury hotel. What impressed me most, was the interest taken by room service to make sure that no guest sleeps hungry. With my limited taste in food, the hostess made sure she sent dinner to me to suit my taste buds. This is something that I miss in most hotels in India too, despite vegetarian food being available very predominantly.As a single woman traveller, I was impressed once again - the elevators will only operate with key cards. The buffet is lavish, as compared to any other 5* luxury hotels that I have stayed in. As a travel proffessional, I do stay at some of the finest hotels around the world.The service is discreet yet is visible at every aspect of the property.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>skibill
<Content>A great experience This is an excellent hotel. I stayed several weeks and was given the best personal care. The only problem was trouble with the internet usage but they always made it right by credit for the day or trying to fix it. The view is great and the location is close to bus, subway and lots of walking and shopping.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>corky_c
<Content>Excellent business hotel I stay at this hotel a few times a year for business, usually for a week or two at a time. The Conrad Centennial Singapore is a fantastic hotel with great facilities, nice restaurants and excellent service. In the 10+ times I've stayed at this hotel I've never experienced any problems.I love the fact that they always have a box of chocolates and fresh fruits in my room when I check in. You also get a cute teddy bear during every stay :)  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>gmbklm
<Content>very comfortable Stayed 3 nights on business. Very good for my purpose with the high levels of service you get used to at hotels of this type in Singapore. Very comfortable  no hassle. Very helpful and professional staff.Large and very nicely furnished room.Restaurant meals available from very early to very late (except for alcohol), which was useful.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jjouett
<Content>Conrad hotel / Singapore My wife and I stayed at the Conrad which is a Hilton Hotel property. The hotel and staff exceeded my expectations. They had a very nice exercise facility that we took advantage of while staying there. The rooms were nicely appointed and absolutely comforatable. The executive level, which I was upgraded to offered a happy hour and snack foods. I would recommend anyone looking for an upscale hotel to take advantage of everything this hotel has to offer.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Elizabeth7
<Content>An excellent executive stay We stayed at this fantastic hotel for the last 3 nights of our stay in Singapore and the hotel was absolutely fantastic.As Hilton Honours Diamonds we were upgraded to the Executive floor and were personally escorted there for check in. The staff at check in were polite, efficient and extremely welcoming. They even provided a cooling welcome drink and moist hand towel whilst they were completing the paper work.The executive room as mentioned by a previous reviewer was large with little extra touches like fruit, chocolates, rubber duck and teddy bear. Fruit was replaced daily and the twice daily housekeeping service was good.The staff were incredible so attentive and nothing was ever too much trouble for them. The executive lounge was lovely with views over the city breakfast, afternoon tea and evening drinks provided - a very relaxing place.Overall we found this hotel excellent. We enjoyed not being in the mayhem and rush of Orchard Road, but still easily accessible to all of Singapores amenities and sights.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>weiwei22
<Content>bad first impression The Operator who picks up the phone at the general number gave me the wrong fax number. Then when I called back to inquire, the second person was very curt in correcting me, not only was there no apology, she hung up on me as I was still talking without even a 'good bye'. This kind of service attitude is simply not acceptable anywhere, let alone a hotel of this level. If you are going to compete with the rest at this category, make sure your first interface with clients is not this rude and short sighted.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>prahran22
<Content>Not bad Stayed at this hotel as it is almost next door to our company office in Suntec City. Due to the location, the hotel was therefore fine and the staff were always courteous and helpful. The lunch buffet downstairs where breakfast is also served was sensational. Rooms (weel the room I stayed in which was on the premier business floor) was a bit old and had a plazma tv (ggod) on the wall but it was on a wall almost at right-angles to the way the bed was facing...Many a still neck watching late night rubbish whilst eating the pringles from the mini-bar!! All in all, not bad, but reckon for the same price, there are much better hotels if location is not necessary near to Suntec. Actually due to the size of Singapore and the price of taxi's I realised, it actually isn't that important to be 'close' to anything in particular anyway....  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Davred
<Content>Professional, polished customer service I visit Singapore regularly on business and, whenever possible, ask my clients to book me into The Conrad. Unfortunately they don't all do this as it isn't the cheapest hotel in towwn, but it always makes the return a little bit sweeter!The service is just first rate. It's warm, genuine and welcoming without being cloying. The rooms are a good size, and if you're lucky enough to get an Executive Floor room, you'll get a good plasma or LCD TV as well. My only complaint is that the TV's are on a wall that means you can't lie flat out and watch through your feet! (Something everyone wants to do after a hard day of meetings!)Room service food is average plus, but again the service is terrific and friendly. This is a hotel where people will actually talk to you! Not a great choice of hotel restaurants, but Golden Peony is quite good, and the hot and sour soup with lobster excellent. Heaps of restaurants nearby as well.Location is great and will be even better in a couple of years when the new MRT station opens up nearby, but even now, City Hall is only an easy 10 minute underground, airconditioned walk away. Suntec Exhibition Centre is just across the road, and the Paulaner Brewhouse is next door and offers great German beer.But, back to the hotel. Comfortable, well equipped rooms that are clean, light and airy, good facilities, good pool and spa, clean modern gym, convenient location....but I always come back to the service. It is willing, warm and welcoming. A hotel that is worth trying!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>audreyliz
<Content>Lovely stay in Singapore I had got the Executive plan rate, which provided a supposedly larger, nicer room and included breakfast daily. It also included 5 pieces of pressing during the first 2 days of the stay and 20% off at the spa.The room was quite nice with a great view of the surrounding city and part of the bay. There was fresh fruit and a box of chocolates, as well as a little teddy bear and a rubber ducky in the bath. The service was amazing! All the staff acted like I was the most important guest they had all year. I went to the main restaurant for the breakfast buffet twice. The atmosphere is a little crazy, but not too bad. Then I discovered that another breakfast buffet is available on the Executive floor, so I went to that one and it was much more relaxing. The only thing missing were omelettes, waffles, and traditional Asian breakfast items, so if you don't care about that, then its perfect.The spa was absolutely incredible! The prices were also quite reasonable. One technician, Mae, was this tiny little woman with the strongest hands and arms. At one point during the massage, I realized that she was actually sitting across my back and I couldn't even tell she was there. I had scrubs and wraps and all sorts of fun things done there, and then I laid poolside for the rest of the day to recover from my long trip. Warning - the food from the pool menu is blah and insanely expensive. Also, there is a buffet for dinner. The price might be approaching reasonable if you are going to eat your fill of crab legs, praws, oysters, and sushi, but if you are not going to eat those things, you are going to pay WAY too much.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>teddyrex
<Content>Wonderful Experience! We just returned from a month in Asia and stayed a week at the Conrad Centennial in Singapore. I am Hilton Gold HHonors and have stayed at all the Hilton brands all over the US and Europe but this was the first fime we have stayed at a Conrad Hotel. What a terrific hotel! The room was lovely, the bathroom fantastic and the service throughout was exemplary. We were particularly impressed with the Executive Lounge on the top floor. It took up the entire floor (as I remember) and had great views in all directions. The food and service were wonderful - full breakfast, elegant tea, and other food/beverage service all day long. Did not use the gym, but the pool was beautiful and there was very attentive poolside service. The only thing about the hotel we were not crazy about was the only restaurant - Oscar's. It had a 24 hour a day buffet which looked good if you like buffets (we don't) and was very noisy. We ordered several meals from the VERY LIMITED menu which were OK but it really would have been nice to have had a more conventional restaurant available in the hotel. But we loved the Conrad and would rate this brand as equal to or superior to Ritz Carltons we have stayed at in other cities.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Panguin
<Content>A beautiful lady with a wart on the nose This is a newish hotel but is peppered with the kind of problems that Singapore struggles with in service.I had a voucher for the hotel. And I booked directly specifically asking for a suite for the weekend. My wife got there first. Notwithstanding giving them the booking number, they viewed her with suspicion.When I got there, I discovered that they had given me one night's stay. I gave the voucher and the reception got that sorted out. But when I went to the room, I was shocked: it was an executive room, not a suite.I went down and asked the lady who had checked me in: you saw the voucher, why didn't you give me the suite? I was mad. I asked that three times. She could not answer me.She said sorry but there was no attempt at service recovery.At checkout, a manager saw that there was a problem. I said yes, there was a problem. It was during the reservation and we are looking into it. Well, it was not just at reservation, it was also at check-in.Part 2: My wife called to reserve dinner at a restaurant. We decided to go someplace else. She called to cancel. While we were out, we got a call from the restaurant asking us to call back as we had reserved a table. When I got back, I called back. Line was busy.Minor quibbles: The temperature of the shower kept getting hotter as I showered so I had to keep turning it cooler. Water pressure was also anemic. The business breakfast area is next to the gym so a few of us went to breakfast after the gym, and then we were told there was a dress code. If so, they could put a few tables outside at the pool area for those of us in gym attire.The gym was all right. Perhaps because it was the weekend, there were not many people. It's a rather small gym for a hotel that size. On the plus side, fruits and water were replenished. There was also a welcome box of chocolates. The room was very comfortable. It was quiet and had a lovely view. The sitting area had a large tv with inlets for a computer.The bedroom itself was smallish. The bathroom was large with a separate small room for the wc. There is a glass shower area and then a bathtub. It is so big they put a small foldable table inside. It's nice because the space for double bowl sink got filled up quickly with two persons.The executive lounge was grand for a meeting I had. There was champagne in the afternoon. Service was attentive but not intrusive. Flawless as far as I was concerned.It's a pity that there are these lapses, and with apparently no attempt whatsoever at recovery. Like a beautiful lady with a wart on the nose.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>2	4	5	4	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>archmage
<Content>Good but Irregular Stayed at this hotel when I had a business training there. When I first checked in, the room I had was very bad:a) Lingering aroma of smoke in a non-smoking roomb) When I asked the hostess who escorted me to the room, she said she couldn't smell the smoke (and it was fairly strong)c) The TV was an antiqueI asked for a room change and got a better room which had a huge flat screen tv. But the TV remote wasn't really working. The entertainment system was flaky (had a windows error screen on the tv).Overall, the customer service is decent but the room itself isn't fantastic. I've stayed at the Ritz Carlton before and it was much much better.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Gingersnaps
<Content>Good service but difficult checkout . Stayed in a few Hotels like Grand Hyatt, Shangri-la, Marriott, Pan Pacific, Ritz Carlton and Four Seasons. Probably second to Four Seasons/Ritz.. But the lounge if fantastic with great views and surprisingly good food. Water in pool was freezing. And upon checkout, we were overcharged on the weekend rates and it was very inconvenient because the guy helping us at the club floor was not skilled in changing the rates. I think I still prefer staying at the Orchard area .  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>goliathtn
<Content>Outstanding Visit and Stay in Singapore Spent a total of a week at the Conrad in 2004 and what an outstanding hotel. This hotel didn't have any downsides that I saw. I was in Singapore on business and the service at this hotel was impeccable.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Andrew_TX88
<Content>Just Perfect Conrad Singapore in a classy and elegant hotel. I can usually find something I do not like about a given hotel but not this one. The staff were very gracious and helpful and easily accessible. I had a beautiful room on the corner of the building - I could see the largest fountain in the world ahead of me and the largest Ferris wheel out of the side window. The room left nothing to be desired that I could think of. It had all the small touches that mark a really good hotel. I like to exercise on the road and the Conrad had a great work out room with helpful attendants. They even had mango and apple juice in the exercise room for a refreshing drink after working out!I'm a HHonors Gold member and the concierge lounge was very nice and for breakfast there were actually two areas for us HHonors folks to eat at - one poolside and the other on the top floor (where they served drinks and snacks in the evening).Just an outstanding hotel in the heart of the Singapore business district!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>roger39
<Content>Good but not great The Conrad is good. It gives you a large room, for Singapore luxury hotel standards. And the room has everything it should have including a flat screen TV and a good sized bathroom with loads of luxury goodies. It does everything it should do efficiently.But to be great a hotel either has to have a superb unique location, or exceptional facilities or food, or exceptional people.The Conrads location is fine in the CBD. But then so are most other luxury hotels. The facilities are perfectly adequate. A smallish infinity pool, and a spa health club as good as any other. The Conrad food we tried is standard rather than sublime. So to be great the Conrad鈥檚 staff would have to be exceptional. They are helpful and efficient. But they are more formal than friendly. They seem to have a job rather than a vacation. And next week they might be working at Raffles.Don鈥檛 get me wrong. The Conrad is a very good hotel. But not quite a great one.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>888Wendy
<Content>appreciate and honor the concierge who found my wallet ...       Conrad bear  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>lwlee
<Content>Disappointed I didn't read the reviews before I stayed at Conrad. After reading them just now, I am surprised that my experience was somewhat different from the other reviewers. Could it be because we booked through a travel agent and was traveling with young children?We (8 adults + 3 children) stayed at Conrad for 1 night on 02/12/2008. We requested non-smoking rooms on the same floor, and we got 4 rooms on the 6th floor, supposedly a non-smoking floor, except 3 of the rooms smelled like the smoking lounge. When we tried to change 2 of the rooms, we were asked to let housekeeping come in to ionize the room. Why didn't housekeeping ionize the room before we arrive? We checked-in at 7pm! After we insisted on changing rooms and waited for about 10 minutes, we got the room change.After the room change, everything was good; the bed was comfortable, fresh and clean. One little note on the bathroom: the caulking in the shower was moldy.I stayed at Mandarin Oriental August 2007 for 4 nights and had a pleasant experience. Between these 2 hotels, I would choose Mandarin Oriental.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>Smooth_Sluggo
<Content>Excellent all around My wife and I stayed here on January 30th for one night. The room was extremely expensive, but fortunately I had enough points in my Hilton HHonors account for a free night, and being a Gold VIP member put me on the club floor with benefits. Had I paid for this room myself, I don't think it would have been worth it for me.This is a fantastic hotel. Check-in was fast, the room and views fantastic, with a bevvy of extra treats for being on the club floor. The room had an extremely comfortable bed, with a 42 flat screen TV, and a large, spacious bathroom. The only problem we experienced was that our pillows smelled a bit funny, as if they had not been washed in a while, but housekeeping switched that out within minutes.The free breakfast on the club floor was excellent, though we got a glance at the regular breakfast and that looked fantastic. The gym is above average but not spectacular, though the pool is very nice and has great views of the city. The front desk was extremely helpful with everything, and is always well staffed.Bottom line: a great hotel with a well-deserved reputation.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cortleigh
<Content>Excellent This is one of the best hotels we have ever stayed at. Lovely big room and luxurious bathroom with huge shower cubicle. Everything you could possibly want in the room including large flat-screen TV. Enormous variety on offer at breakfast and very attentive staff. Quietly located in a cul-de-sac but a stone's throw from the convention centre.If you do not wish to eat in the hotel, there is a good selection of bars and restaurants opposite in the same street. A 2 minute walk brings you to the Singapore Convention Centre from where you can walk in air-conditioned comfort to the theatre, shopping malls and Raffles City MRT station.After a busy day out, we headed for the lovely rooftop pool which, unlike most hotel pools is a really good size. We were greeted with a complimentary glass of iced water and sliced apple and were invariably the only people there.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Used2it
<Content>Wonderful Service and decent room Had a 1 nite stay in the hotel. The service provided by the staff is excellent.From the moment I stepped into the hotel, the staff are very attentive to my needs. E.g. asking if i need a porter to take my bag, chatting with us while waiting for our check-out on the following day, bringing us up to the room after the prompt check-in.It is such nice little touch that make one remember about the hotel.As for the room, it is a decent room that is clean and spacious. I do agreed with the previous reviewer that the TV is being placed at a awkward angle from the bed. For a business hotel, the channels available will be good for the business travellers (most of the news channels are available). However, if you are travelling with your family on a holiday...the TV channels are gonna bored you to tears..especially for those with kids.One thing to note about the room....it is not very sound-proof. I can hear people walking outside the room and the sound of flushing water from either upstairs or the next room. The worst thing is..i was awoken early in the morning by the wedding party (at the corridor, trying to go into the room to receive the bride --- chinese tradition) in the centennial suite, which was 2 doors away!Overall...excellent service and a good place to stay if you are a business traveller. but make sure there is no wedding couple on your floor.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pork-Jerky
<Content>One night stay 1 night stay in a business hotel. Nothing fantastic or out of the norm except for their turndown service which is worth mentioning. There's a pillow menu with a choice of 16 different types - but go with the ploh... it's a body-length feather pillow that hugs your body just right. It retails for over USD300 if you want to buy it (based on www.plohdirect.com)! There's far too many choices to explore so unless you're there for more than a couple of days, it's hard to run through the entire list. To most, the original pillows provided are fine. A thing to note though, do 'order' your pillow early... we had to wait almost an hour before the pillows came and had to call housekeeping twice to place the 'order'.There's the signature little Conrad bear provided in every room. A nice touch coming from a business hotel. The toilet was spacious and had huge mirrors all round.One gripe about the room is that the TV is very ackwardly positioned at the side of the bed. Meaning if you want to lie in bed to watch TV, you would have to turn on your side (and block your partner while doing so). This is a trade off for the beautiful view that greets you when you wake in the morning with floor-to-ceiling windows with views of Suntec City.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>familytravelchamp
<Content>Loved the Conrad Just came back from a trip to Singapore. We loved the food there and we loved Conrad.I called Conrad directly to book because the Hilton website cannot handle an option with 2 adults and 1 child. The check-in process was smooth and we got what we asked for, non-smokiing room, a king-size bed with a rollaway. We are Hilton Honors Gold member and we were upgraded to a business class room with complementary breakfast. The room on 17th floor was spacious with big windows and we could see the harbor and a few other high-rise hotels. It was fun to just looking out the window. We were offered to have breakfast on the executive floor or cafe on the first floor. We picked the cafe on the first floor because we were told that the selection was more there. The breakfast offered Japanese, Chinese and American food. It was quite decent considered it was free.We paid around US$235 per night including tax and service charge. This is a very good price for 5-star quality and service.The concierge, laundry valet, pool/gym area offered very attentive and speedy service. Business class included $20 credit for laundry and I took advantage of it and had our jeans washed for free. I am a cost conscious traveler. It is defintely a luxury to me.Conrad is across the street from Suntec City which is a huge shopping mall with a lot of nice restaurants and food courts. You could find cuisine ranging from Chinese, Sudanese, Indian and more there. McDonald's, Burger King could also be found near the food court if your kids miss their comfort food. I broke down and let my kid have a hamburger after traveling in Asia for more than 10 days. If you want to play tourist, there is also a tourist center where you can take the Hippon (Hop on and hop off) Tour bus to see the city. It is also the depot of the amphibian duck tour.The country/city is quite small and taking taxi is the way to go. It is very inexpensive. We went to Long Beach Seafood restaurant on East Coast for dinner the first night. It is on the beach. Their famous black-peppered Sri Lanka crab was definitely a must to have if you go to Singapore. It was spicy but not overpowering. I could still taste the sweetness and freshness of the crab. My son had a buttered crab. It was also very good. We went to Newton circus (sp?) the seond night for chili crab. This was a place full of hawker stands. The Conrad conciege told us about the rating the hawker stands have. Pick the one that is A rated. This is an interesting experience that you should not miss. We took a subway there ourselves after a day visit to Sentosa, an island that offered, cycling, underworld aquarium, luge ride, cablecar ride and fish spa. Yes, we paid to have fish eating dead skin off our feet. It was a very fascinating experience.Conrad is quite far from the subway station. Both Conrad and Suntec City offer shuttle bus to take you to the closest MRTstation. The hotel is not within distance to Orchard Road that was the haven for shopping. I don't like shopping while I am traveling. So I didn't miss the shopping too much.We loved our time in SIngapore and Conrad was an excellent choice. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ChaunceyGardiner
<Content>Another excellent visit to the Conrad This is one of many visits here over the years. The Conrad continues to excel as a business hotel. Don鈥檛 know how I鈥檇 rank it as a leisure hotel (but only because of cost and distance to an MRT station), but I鈥檓 a happy camper to be here again.I was on Club Floor this visit, so I was whisked away from the front desk to check in on 31. While signing papers, another employee came by (it was 9:00p) and said 鈥測ou look like you鈥檝e had a long day, would you like a glass of Taittinger?鈥?Since Mrs. Gardiner would disapprove, I didn鈥檛 propose marriage, but I certainly accepted the champagne.I was (either because of my Hilton status, or because I need to have my company renegotiate our rates) put into a 01/Centennial suite. Very, very nice end of building suite with full sitting room: desk, couch, comfy chair, MONSTER Sony flatscreen TV. Loads of windows looking over Suntec Conv Centre and Fountain of Wealth (excellent feng shui!). Bed, as always, exceptionally sleepable. Molton Browne toiletries, which beats heck out of Hyatt鈥檚 generics, and on par with Raffles Amrita brand. Room and bathroom sparkled. Please, though, get desk chairs with wheels!Dinner in lobby level generic restaurant. They have an excellent breakfast buffet. I was late for dinner, but had an terrific (as always ) satay set.I asked for pressing of two trousers and two shirts, and they were quickly picked up and agreed for an 8am return. I was hugely embarrassed when housekeeping called 20 minutes later to confirm that (gasp!) one of the cuffs on one of my slacks seemed a bit frayed (note attention to detail: very crisp!). Everything was returned, punctually, without further editorial comment, at 8am the next morning, in time for me to head to the day鈥檚 business. (The frayed cuff was dutifully pressed as well.)Conrad impressed me when my meeting schedule started running long. I had meetings both in the CBD and at Suntec. As things unwound, one of my company鈥檚 assistants called the Conrad to extend my checkout (repeatedly!), and each time she called, they happily agreed鈥?all the way to a 3:30p check-out without extra charge! NICE! (I assume they had the availability鈥?Then, after a final dash from the office to the Conrad, and a rapidfire packing of suitcase, etc., when I was sitting at the check-out desk on 31, slightly sweaty, the same young lady from the prior evening walked over with a champagne glass and the Taittinger bottle鈥?鈥淢r. Gardiner, will you have a splash before you head to the airport?鈥?Yes, I will鈥?br/>Another excellent stay at one of the top business hotels in Singapore.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SirGoofy
<Content>Great room, excellent views My colleagues and I stayed here for a few nights in 2006. The reason I am writing after so long is because after staying in more that 10 different hotels, I find that no other hotel has such a great room. The bed is elevated and faces a glass wall. What a view awaits you when you wakes up. Excellent hotel but costly though. Great location.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>sc_myinitial
<Content>Excellent Stay  My family  i stayed there on 24  25 Dec 2007 for 2 nights in room 2117 to celebrate Christmas (with our friends, total 4 rooms) and we were impressed with the room  services! The staffs at the front desk were friendly  helpful! The room we had has a King Size bed, it is big  comfortable enough for the 3 of us (my husband  i are of average size  our daughter is only 6 years old). I love the toilet as it is big with a bath tub  a separate shower room with mirrors all around! Also we were given complimentary chocolates  small Christmas cake  a Christmas bear which my daughter loves alot, all these little gestures gave our stay a festive feel!As for the swimming pool, it is at 1.1 to 1.3m deep, no children's pool, so not really suitable for family with very young children!If possible, try to book the room with complimentary breakfast, the buffet spread at Oscar's was superb! We had fresh juices which extracted on the spot, the cereals were at least 12 types with many choice of dried fruits  nuts to add! The cooked food were at least 15 types to choose from with Western  Chinese dishes! Plus all kind of salads, breads, ice-cream, candies, waffles  fruits! Our kids were very happy when they saw the dessert counter! Yummy!However on the first day, we didn't manage to eat at Oscar's as it was full  we were arranged to sit on the other side (as my group is big with 12 people)  the buffet spread was disappointing! But on the second day, we were glad to eat at Oscar's  found out the great difference of the buffet spread! So if your room stay comes with complimentary breakfast, try to wait for a table in Oscar's!For overseas friends, the location of this hotel is quite central to the 3 major shopping malls. Nearby is a bus stop to catch a bus to other places  the duck or hippo tours' counter is in Suntec City just opposite the hotel! Food wise, you will be spoilt for choice! I believe it is a convenient location except it is quite a far walking distance to the MRT (subway) station for the time being, the new MRT station nearby is in the process of building which i'm not sure when will it be completed!Overall, i find this hotel excellent!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>misslovey
<Content>Luv the comfy Bed (Booked thru redemption of a membershiper points) I was well taken of the moment I stepped into this hotel. I was led to the check-in counter and was surprisely upgraded to the Exec room due to classic rm fully booked. The counter staffs were all very friendly, nor did I once encounter any rude or cold face during my stay there. They were generously witht the fruits platter and due it was a Christmas eve, guests received a fruitcake and a box of choco complimentary. I luv the toiletries (Molten Brown) and the spacious and cosy toilet! Overall, I had a great time there and I will definitely go back again ..soon.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravellerKualaLumpur
<Content>Its ok       Luxury toiletries  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	2	4	4	

<Author>Prashan
<Content>The best in Singapore Having stayed at the Conrad during a number of visits in 2007, I have to say its is one of the best hotels in the World...the staff are the key to making the stay very enjoyable. The hotel and facilities are always top notch. The Executive Rooms are great and offer great views of Singapore.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RobertAustralia
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed there for 5 nights and enjoyed it a lot, we had a exectitive room so had access to the evening drinks and nibbles which was great and I thought that the pool area was also quite nice.Very close to quite a few shopping malls and lots of restaraunts at night, as mentioned before taxis are cheap here but you may have to wait sometimes for them.Will definatley stay again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>cbym
<Content>Nice hotel but with some blunders I stayed 2 nights at Executive room of Conrad Singapore and found issues :- The rate we booked was SGD 440 ++ per night. When we checked in, we were told that it's the rate for single occupancy only. Another SGD 50 per night was charged if it's for double occupancy. Fortunately we are the Hilton member, it's waived. - It's worth to pay a little bit more to stay at Executive floor as it provides ABF, afternoon tea and evening cocktails daily. Food tasted good and service was great during the these period. But when I was there at 9 pm, no one was willing to serve me as they were busy for breakfast preparation. I needed to go to the reception to ask for a drink.- Room was spacious (room 2618) but I found mold all around the shower box and marbles on the floor. Temperature was a nightmare - I turned it to 28 degrees but I was still freezing. - There's an electric upgrade during the first night of stay. I was told that electric supply would be interrupted and internet was out of services after 12am (mid night). When I got shower at 1145pm, all the lights were shuted down for 10 seconds without any notice. Also, I found no hot water for shower were supply in the next morning. - No wall socket provides at the bathroom, and there's one at the working desk area. I needed to use the hair dryer and recharge my mobile at the mini bar (there's one for water boiler). It's definitely not enough for the business traveller. Apart from the above issues, I still think it's one of the best hotel in Singapore, staff at the reception, restaurant, lounge and concierge are excellent, pleasant and helpful. If Swissotel Stamford charges SGD 360++ for Grand Room, I definitely switch to stay at Conrad as it's much better.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	2	5	5	4	

<Author>KcatHK
<Content>Great value for money - slightly inconvenient location I normally stay at Raffles the Plaza whenever I go to Singapore but since this trip was last minute, I have to look somewhere else. There was a conference going on so it was difficult to find a room in SG. I stumbled across the Conrad and image how happy I was to discover that the hotel website offered an online rate that was even better than some 4-stars establishments in town!The moment I stepped off the taxi, a Conrad staff came up and greeted me and led me to the check in desk. I arrived around 10-ish in the morning so my room was not ready yet. I did ask if I can just have any room to have a quick change of clothes but no luck. They did, however, offered me a free use of the hotel gym and facilities.The room is nice with a very cosy bed. Not as big as those at Rafflesthe Plaza but still very comfortable. The best thing for me is the choice of 16 types of pillow that you can order at the touch of a phone call. Finally able to do away with those horrible down pillows and get a very nice contoured one for my stay.The only thing that makes Conrad not as good as other 5-stars establishment, is perhaps the location. It's a 15 minutes walk to the nearest MRT station (albeit via shopping malls) and you pretty much have to use the taxi a lot. It's not that bad considered taxis in SG is not that expensive.All in all, I would say Conrad is good value for the money. I have already booked another trip there in Sept and am really looking forward to it.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ratio3533
<Content>Almost fabulous We just returned from a 5 night stay at the Conrad Singapore. All in all it was a great trip and I would have given this hotel 5 stars but for 2 aspects:(1) The phone system in the room did not work - calls came through but confusingly on 2 separate lines, voicemails were left for me but no light ever came on to indicate this (there is a designated red light on each of the 2 phones to show messages). This caused me a lot of confusion and stress as I had to keep calling down to the lobby to see if any messages had come for me. I ended up missing a few friends' calls and hence did not get to meet them on this trip.(2) For some reason this is the only hotel in Asia that I have stayed at (of the 5 star variety) that did not have a steam/sauna room in the changing rooms/ spa near the pool. Ok, I accept that it is a business hotel, but there were many other family types staying there as well - would have been a great addition. The gym was fantastic and very extensive so this would have helped.Apart from these 2 minor hiccups, the hotel was fabulous. The staff were truly friendly and were great with my baby daughter, giving her alot of attention, toys and one maitre d even carried her off for a few minutes so we could take our breakfast from the buffet! The rooms were clean, fairly large (although nothing beats the Conrads in Bali or Bangkok for sheer size) and good views of Suntec. All in all, I would probably stay here again at least location wise because it was the best located of all the Marina hotels I think - directly attached to a mall, and close to the link to City Hall MRT.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>benders
<Content>This is a great hotel I spent two nights at the Conrad Centennial Hotel in Singapore during May 2007. The hotel came with very good reports fromTrip Advisor and it proved that these were accurate. The room was comfortable, roomy and well laid out. The bathroom was beautifully appointed. The hotel has an impressive lobby area with a lounge bar off to one side. All the staff were polite and friendly. The hotel is adjacent to the SunTec Towers area and a few minutes by taxi to the central City Hall and Cathedral precinct. The price of the room was reasonable and this hotel would suit the business traveller well.I have no hesitation in supporting the many favourable comments made previously about the Conrad in Singapore.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Bishan
<Content>Great Place  We were at the Conrad for the recent National Day holidays. We have stayed there 6 years ago and we are happy to see that the hotel property has maintained its relevance in terms of maintenance and service, if not exceeding in many aspects. The staff (from reservations, reception, poolside, security) were friendly, never rude, and were forthcoming in assistance. The place was spacious and even it was running full occupancy with the holidays, there was no noise to complain about. It is an excellent hotel if you are on business. If you have young children (like us), you probably need to be a bit careful with the high beds (though you can request for extra cot or fold-up bed for the young ones) and to note there is no kids pool. The executive lounge on the 31st level is a wonderful place to relax too. Perhaps they could improve on some of the food items (we had chicken rice and wanton noodle soup from room service); otherwise the National Day chocolate cake we had was very good. And of course, the rubber duckie and signature Conrad stuff bears were a great momentos for guests and kids to keep and to remind them to return again, and like my 5-year old who adds soon please.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>moobaby214
<Content>5 star! After a quick flight in from Bangkok I took a taxi to the Conrad. I was greeted by many people and showed the front desk. Once they found out I was a Diamond member, I was taken to the executive lounge for check in.Check in was fast and friendly. The guy checking me in could not have been more helpful. He advised me I had been upgraded to a suite. He showed me to my room which had a 50 inch TV in the living room. The room itself was very nice with a large bedroom and well appointed bathroom. No complaints here top notch. The executive lounge on the 31st floor is one of the better Hilton ones I have ever been to. Breakfast was a full meal not just breads and pastries. During the day they have drinks and coffee. The view of Singapore is fantastic!Overall this Conrad scored big with me. I would defiantly stay here again when I return.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravellingCarlito
<Content>Service at its peak I have stayed at this hotel on previous occasions when in Singapore and I must say that their quality of service and product offering has never failed over time. They have consistently impressed me and given the level of service I would expect from a 5 star hotel.The staff always have beaming smiles to greet you, whether they are behind the counter, walking past you in the lobby or opening the elevator for you.The facilities at this venue are excellent. The gym is always in good order, neat and tidy with modern equipment. It never seems to be busy, which is good for me. The pool just outside the gym is also very good for doing laps, as the length is more than 15 metres in length. The rooms are well appointed. Large spacious rooms and big king size beds. You will also find a small Conrad bear on your bed, which makes for good little presents if you have any nieces or nephews. There is always a welcome bowl of fruit and complimentary bottles of water available for you. There is an even larger modern bathroom with fabulous amenities and plush robes for you to use. True comfort after a hard days shopping.And if you're into shopping, there is definitely no shortage of shopping options just in and around the hotel. Marina Square Mall and Suntec City Mall surround this hotel on either side. You can also walk through the underground pasageway to Raffles City, which is also lined with shops. Once you get to Raffles, you will be confronted with more shopping. I would highly recommend this hotel, as your stay will no doubt be comfortable and you will be made to feel a valued guest during the whole time.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dr_Drew2
<Content>very cool hotel       nice modern sound system  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Benjamin_Griffiths
<Content>Great Hotel Great hotel, and always my first choice when I go to Singapore. Nice big open lobby, quality rooms, and great views over the bay. Servce great as you'd expect. Also a nice scattering of restaurants around the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BigMurph
<Content>Great with children       the view from the executive lounge  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DCRatcliff
<Content>Average Business hotel Rooms are a bit tired. Nothing exceptional but generally competent.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>beijau
<Content>Just a little bit ahead of the pack This was my second stay at the Conrad in the past eight years. It has weathered the years well. Room comfort, amenities, and staff attitude were just enough above run-of-the-mill in Singapore to be noticeable. I enjoy the Marina location for its easy access to my office and other parts of the business district. Importantly, I never had any problem getting a taxi to work in the morning.In my opinion, the Ritz Carlton offers a better quality of stay with a similar location, so go there if money is not an issue. The Four Seasons is a long way away, but also ranks higher in my book for comfort and service. Compared to several other Singapore hotels I have stayed at, though, the Conrad is clearly a solid option.An odd aside: if you like your room service this may not be the place for an extended stay. Although I have every confidence that the staff could be talked into creative meal planning with some additional effort, the room service menu was among the smallest I have ever seen at a top hotel.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Rapublico
<Content>A Really Nice Stay I liked the Conrad.First of all, the staff, from those attending the front-desk, restaurants, pool/spa, up to the baggage handling, all were very helpful and friendly. No one was negative or came off as rude or abrupt. More importantly, the room was quite nice too. I neither found it small nor lacking anything. Everything was clean, in place, and tastefully done, from the daytime service to the nightly turndown. Reading other comments, I was surprised that other guests smelled odd odors and said the rooms were in need of repair and refurbishing.Maybe it depends o the room, but mind was quite a nice one with a view of the Merlion, although quite away in the distance. Our rate included breakfast, which had a wide selection. If included with the room rate, it is well worth it. I've been to quite a few lavish hotel breakfast buffets, but this one was the first to offer homemade ice-creams with all the toppings. They were tempting, but I can only eat so much. It was a nice touch, and definitely a break from the usual. Overall, I have seen better breakfast spreads, but how much do we really need? It is simply fine, with a good array of not only western and Asian foods but also traditional breakfast and brunch selections too. Plus, if you don't like air conditioning (like me), you can sit outside too and enjoy your breakfast, which was a pleasant option. All in all, I cannot find fault with the hotel itself. The only thing that would make it perfect would be to move it a little closer to a major attraction or station. But since this is impossible, it doesn't count as a suggestion for improvement. Anyway, taxis are very reasonable. And since walking is good for me, I was able to walk to the Merlion Park, River Walk, Raffles Hotel, Raffles City Shopping center and City Hall Station. Plus, three big shopping centers are right next door: the Millennium Walk, Suntec City Mall (with Carrefour), and the Marina Square.All in all, the Conrad is convenient enough to see parts of Singaporeon foot, while still offering very pleasant hotel accommodations too.I have no reservations in recommending this hotel for a pleasant stayin Singapore.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ausmithglenn
<Content>Very Comfortable and Pleasant Stay             Great selection of toileteries  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Stephen_Lloyd
<Content>Good hotel I have stayed at Raffles Plaza for years when in Singapore, so approached my stay here with a little trepidation. I needed not worry, the hotel is exceelent inside. It is not as well located, but next to Suntec and very handy. MRT is 10 mins away and an up/over/under walk, not so good. However, remember Singapore is small so 5 mins walk can change your view of lcoation! My room was clean, well equipped with a side view of the water, and a close up view of rooms in the nearby Pan Pacific, which forces a little discreteness. I will definately stay here again as the staff and service were top notch.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>inviso
<Content>Very average business hotel This was the first stay I had in the Conrad as the previous Singapore hotel (which was amazing) stopped offering corp rates to me. The room I stayed is tired and really needed some updating. Service was efficient and good and the buffet breakfast not bad at all. The hotel just feels and looks its age on the inside.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>mcgahat
<Content>Great hotel in a great location This property is one of the better in Singapore I think. I like the location even though most people prefer to stay in the Orchard Rd. area if they are on a leisure trip this hotel has some excellent rates on the weekend and you get a top notch hotel. There is a mall next door to the hotel that has some excellent dining options if you dont want to eat at the hotel and there are some dining options in the street in back of the hotel as well. The workout equipment is a bit old but fine for a workout and the pool is large and seems never to be very busy. Service at the hotel is top notch.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tanseaway
<Content>Decent hotel for the business traveller Stayed in the Conrad Singapore during the Xmas holiday season in 2006. The hotel is well located for business travellers - especially anyone attending conventions at the gigantic Suntec City convention centre, which is literally across the road. It is very close to the financial district too. Paulaner Brauhaus - a German-themed microbrewery - is next door for those who need to quench their thirst.Efficient and courteous staff, the hotel ticks all the boxes and there is little to fault. The rooms are starting to look a little dated, but are spacious enough and very clean. Room rates are a relative bargain compared to other 5-star hotels in Singapore.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>TR45
<Content>Wonderful hotel!!       Room  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>abatlin
<Content>Crown Jewel of Asia Our stay at the Conrad surpassed perfection. Our every need was met and then some. The rooms are beautifully appointed with a bath as large as most hotel rooms. Loved the extra touch of rubber duckies by the bathtub and teddy bears to sleep with. The bed is absolutely heavenly to sleep in. Hospitality of staff was absolutely amazing. We mentioned it was our anniversary and were greeted in our room with an beautiful flower arrangement complements of the hotel. Concierge staff was very helpful. The executive lounge was amazing offering a huge spread for breakfast. We wanted for nothing. When it was time to check out, we had a very difficult time saying goodbye to our new found friends. If the Conrad Singapore is the crown jewel of Asia, Irene Ang is the center stone seeing to all to make the Conrad Singapore a wonder home away from home.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ysouk
<Content>Nice Hotel (but discrimination agst the locals) I booked the hotel using the Starhub Rewards. The room was nice and the bed was great. The breakfast was ok and the room service was average.However, there was clear discrimination when we went to the lounge and the pool. No one ask us if we wanted a drink whereas the hotel staff was prompt to ask the foreigners (mainly caucasians). I guess There were a few other incidents that I noticed but I they realise the locals usually dun tip and they focus their attention on the foreigners.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	2	4	

<Author>D-holidayLover
<Content>Nice Very nice hotel, good service during check-in and out...friendly staffs ask for late check-out until 3pm they just give straight away, is just too perfect....somemore the room is nice will come back again.....  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>munkypete
<Content>Simply Excellent I stayed at the hotel in November 2006. Booked a business room on the 28th floor with executive lounge access. From the moment we arrived we were treated like superior guests. Escorted to the executive lounge for personal check in facilities. After the check in formalities escorted to the room and had all the benefits of the executive floor explained (of which there are many). There was fresh fruit and a small box of chocolates in the room. The room was perfect, well equipped, the bed was very confortable, everything worked, and was spotlessly clean. TV channel selection was poor, but hey if you want to watch TV stay at home! Location is perfect for shopping and the MRT, you can walk to Raffles and the Merlion. The staff in the executive lounge were impeccable, always willing to help and serve. Canap茅s and drinks are available in the evening. Cakes, scones and tea are available late afternoon. Breakfast is available either in the executive lounge the main restaurant or by the pool. The first day we had breakfast in the lounge the second in the main restaurant. Use the main restaurant is my advice, bigger and better range of food. There is an outdoor pool and a gym.I really couldn't fault this hotel at all, I would stay there again without hesitation.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Happytiler
<Content>Nice but far from perfect Stayed at the Conrad Singapore for 4 nights in one of their 'Business Rooms'. This entitles you to S$10 daily off laundry, breakfast in a room overlooking the pool, in-room fruit, etc.However, I never got any fruit until I asked for it 3 times! The breakfast is pretty poor and they were always running out of stuff like bacon and eggs.Rooms OK but hardly luxurious - TV was old and channel selection was poor. The bathrooom was a bit dated and the shower was in need of a bit of renovation unless you like a dribble!The location was excellent, however, right in the middle of Marina Square, Millenia Walk and Suntec shopping districts and very easy to walk to the MRT or to get buses into Orchard Road, etc. However there are similar hotels in the vicinity and I would probably opt for staying in one of those rather than the Conrad in future.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>S6blr
<Content>Not as good as London Where to start? I arrived early AM from London, having paid for my room the night before, so I could check in at 0700 in the morning. First off was that we're sorry, we used your room -- you'll have to have a room with twin beds wasn't a good omen. Second was that the TV would randomly change to BW from Colour, and that the remote didn't work -- poor QA/attention to detail. Third, when you're seriously jetlagged, you don't need the nightly turndown staff showing at 2100 when you've already gone to bed. The restaurant Oscar's is very so-so, and most food on offer the evening I had dinner were only lukewarm, and the sushi on buffet had seen better hours. There is a VERY GOOD feature, the spa at this Conrad. They offer a 2 HOUR massage called the Jet-lag Special which is a combination of deep-tissue, foot and head/aromatherapy massage that is UNQUESTIONABLY the best massage I've ever had in 46 years! Next time, even though this hotel is right next to my company's Singapore office, I will stay at the Pan-Pacific, Raffles, or Mandarin Oriental.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	1	2	3	

<Author>DieselBear
<Content>Recommended Hotel is most satisfactory for business. Telephones, DSL, and fax all worked properly.This stay I was on the top floor (31) which allows access to the Executive Floor Lounge. Lounge staff were excellent and helped with all requests. The breakfast, in particular, is great; wide range of Eastern and Western food choices. Highly recommend the miso soup and daily noodle selection, particularly the fried bee hoon.Room was clean, comfortable, and had the usual amenities. One fun bonus was the talcum powder, which helped to deal with the sticky Singapore humidity. The hotel also has a wide selection of pillows. I enjoyed the buckwheat and cuddle u.The gym is good. Appreciate that it is open 24 hours. Wish the hotel would replace the travertine stone floors, which are pretty but not conducive to exercising.The Conrad is a different style of hotel than the Fullerton and Raffles. Overall, compares favorably to the Ritz Carlton and Shangri-La and is priced somewhat lower.An above average hotel that I can enthusiastically recommend.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LakeOswegoMom
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! My husband and I stayed a week at the Conrad Singapore and we loved everything about our stay. The room was immaculate and the shower was the best ever. The beds and bedding were so comfortable. The executive floor offered breakfast and afternoon cusine in both asian and western fare. The Chinese restaurant was superb. The hotel staff were friendly and spoke very good English. I can heartly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>taupoali
<Content>Excellent experience I've stayed at this hotel twice now and it is a real pleasure staying there. The staff are very polite, helpful and friendly. I stayed in an executive floor room and it was superb, each room has a door bell and you get a turn-down service and fresh fruit and chocolates every day. The views from the high floor rooms are superb and if you get the chance, the executive lounge for breakfast gives one of the best views of Singapore skyline.I would recommend a stay here and you get Hilton points too!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>********************
<Content>Superb Service at the Conrad! My family stayed at the Conrad for a short holiday last week and we enjoyed the great service this hotel had to offer. It started from the email we sent their reservations office regarding our requests for rooms on the higher floor, specifically connecting or adjacent to each other. When we arrived, all our requests were granted. It was very important for our group to have easy access to each others rooms so it was great to know that they prepared for it too. The concierge staff were very helpful in attending to our daily needs. And the staff at the Oscar's were very attentive when we had our breakfast every morning.Location is very good. I like staying in this part of town than in the bustling Orchard Road. The Conrad is located right beside the Convention Center and the Suntec City Mall so everything was just a walk away. We were given 2 rooms with the view of the Fountain of Wealth and another two rooms facing the Harbour on the same floor. In the evenings when we get back to the hotel, I feel very relaxed opening the door with a great view and having soft classical music on. One great thing that I appreciate about this hotel is using Muguet D'ogive collection as their toiletries. I truly enjoyed using them!I've stayed in different five star hotels around Singapore and I can say the Conrad is a pretty quiet hotel, has its own character, definitely a 5-star for me, but maybe over shadowed by the other big hotel chains around the city. I definitely recommend this hotel and will stay here again when visiting Singapore.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ms328
<Content>Good Service, Friendly  We booked a Classic guest room but had been given an upgrade to an Executive Room on the Executive floor, with all pluses that comes along with it. We had our 2 young kids (pre-schooler and baby) with us so was quite nervous about the upgrade, being around the business travellers and all. But as soon as we got into our room, we knew that all guests, both big and very small, would be given equal treatment, that is all staff was friendly, welcoming and attentive. For those with children considering the Conrad:-I can say that they were excellent with our kids. Although the Conrad is mainly for Business Travellers, and not a family hotel, they will still cater to the needs of children. The baby cot had the same linen used for the KS bed, but was made to fit perfectly (with mini quilt and a pillow), my preschooler had his own kid size bedroom slippers and bathrobe, both embossed with Conrad on it, and of course the signature teddy bear and rubber duckie, and my baby was given an even smaller teddy bear with a nappy on it! there was also the complimentary child toiletry pack with shampoo, talcum, wall plug safety covers, etc. and because we were upgraded to Executive room (27th floor corner room) all the goodies (chocolates, a great selection of fruits etc.) that comes with it. Room service was excellent in assisting with our baby's food preparation, but a bit slower on the Saturday night due to influx of people (plus there was a wedding on whilst we were there). All staff from Concierge to Housekeeping were friendly and chatted to our kids.For all others considering the Conrad:Although the Conrad is a 5 star hotel, it is not really a Luxurious 5 star hotel as usually known elsewhere and to those who are well travelled and used to the luxury concept. As pointed out by my husband, if you prefer a more luxury feel and ambience (but still in the Suntec/Marina area), then you should go to the Ritz (which is where he stays when on Business), but of course that comes with the additional price you have to pay. So if money isn't an object - choose the Ritz. And for those with high expectations and attention to detail, i'll mention the following, which you can consider as a minus: room desk chairs due for stain removing or reupholstering, beigy/cream colored carpets due for stain removing, what Conrad terms as our luxurious bathrobe were thinning and fraying at the edges and need replacing (our kid's bathrobe was much thicker, whiter and newer in comparison!) and just an overall review of condition of furnishing and fittings to ensure they remain at mark as it is probably timely for a refurbishment, similar to that going on with other hotels in the area (i.e. Oriental  Marina Mandarin)..I can understand why the earlier comment was made by the Hilton Diamond member about this Conrad being similar standard to Hilton rather than a luxury brand of hilton...Others:-Dining: We dined at Oscar's which has a great ambience and good selection of food, no complaints.Location: You can't go wrong with Conrad's or any other hotel located in Marina / Suntec area. Everything is within walking distance and accesibility through connecting buildings.Room View: Ours was a corner room with a view of the bay, but somewhat covered by Pan Pac and Marina Mandarin hotels..not really an issue if you're on the higher floors (ours was 27th of 31 floors)...But other than the luxury factor, the Conrad does its job well in terms of service and friendliness (and well informed staff and concierge); and fulfills its 5 star expectations.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fallingleaves
<Content>Loved the Condrad Singapore I recently stayed at the Condrad Centennial in Singapore and enjoyed it thoroughly. The service is impeccable, the staff is friendly and always helpful , the rooms are great and especially likeed the Pillow menu where one can choose from 16 varities of pillow to sleep on. We dined at the Oscars one night and the food was awesome.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rob3066
<Content>Made us feel really special       Hotel Reception area  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RretiredOnHoliday
<Content>A comfortable,friendly efficient hotel My wife and I stayed at the Conrad on 3 different occasions during March and April this year we stayed in 3 different rooms on the 6th,11th,and 29th floors.All these rooms were identical and were spacious, clean and well appointed.The staff are amazingly friendly, helpful and efficient.We stayed on a B/B basis, the breakfast was superb,there was so much choice. I have stayed in several hotels in Singapore and the Conrad is certainly the best.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>thefrequentflyer
<Content>Not up to Conrad's High Standards I am a Hilton HHonors Diamond member and know their hotel products as well as any traveler. This hotel is more like a four star Hilton, than a five star Conrad. By the way, the actual Singapore Hilton is a disgrace to the chain.The Conrad's rooms were a bit too worn and tatty, as were hallways and common areas. The executvie floor lounge needs a serios make over, with food on offer leaving a lot to be desired. Staff was plentiful, but not particularly outgoing and or friendly. I had to change rooms twice to find a room that was acceptable -- I usually do not do this. First room had serious mold in the bathroom, frayed carpeting, dingy bedspread and there was women's hair on the, alledgely, clean pillows -- did they change the sheets, here? I am a huge fan of the Conrad product. The Conrads in Bangkok, Tokyo and Cairo are amogst the world's finest business hotels. Unfotunately, this hotel is a relic of the nineties (opened in 1995) building and economic boom. I truly want to like this hotel being a loyal Hilton HHonors member. But the hotel needs some serious attention in all areas... it is just not worth the money. Albiet, views and location lean towards excellent.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>KilkennySean
<Content>Outstanding hotel, a must visit Stayed in the Conrad for three nights at the end of October. Myself and my wife where coming back from OZ after a months holidays.The Hotel made the holiday just perfect. From getting out of the taxi, the service started. If anyone wants to learn out customer service, visit this hotel. If I could, I would have hired the staff myself and shipped them home. The facilites are 110%, particularly the out door swimming pool. The room's are perfect and to the highest standards.The hotel is in the middle the shopping district and the shopping is great.If you are visiting Singapore, staying in the Conrad is a must.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>spired
<Content>Great hotel a tad inconsistent but still good Enjoyed good service and the comfy room (cheap corporate rate) for 3 nights. It wasn't huge but full of nice touches. Some of the niceties included the stuffed bear, rubber duckie, fruit plate (refilled regularly although oddly there were few local fruits--mostly apples and oranges), good quality shampoo/towels, pillow menu (didn't order any though), free shoe shine and chocolate plate. Service/concierge was professional and cordial all times except for once when they forgot to swipe my credit card.Some of the drawbacks were the location (far from MRT), the lighting controls in the room (old and hard to use), the radio was on at night but tuned to a station that went off the air at an early hour (so all we heard was static, and they only set out one set of slippers/toothbrush/etc even though we had two people.Finally, we stayed in two different rooms after taking a night away. The higher rooms (22nd) are nicer than the lower ones (8th). At the same rate, the lower one had an ugly bedspread, no chocolate, no mouthwash, less fruit, older robes with tacky Conrad hotel logos on them). The lower one was still very good but just not as nice as the ones above.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Another fabulous stay, comfortable and quiet room Love this hotel. The pillows are so fluffy. The bathrooms are so large and modern.Agree with the person who wasn't asked about his billing currency -- I too found that a little sneaky. I suppose being billed in your home currency is easier if you're travelling on business, because you can claim the exact amount back instead of trying to estimate an exchange rate while filling out your expenses. BUT, forewarned is forearmed, and if it is important to you, tell them you expect to be billed in SGD.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>conrand singapore               More photos  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kolowalu
<Content>A Great Place to Stay   showReview(3292486, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frogoutofwater
<Content>Preferred The Regent to the Conrad   showReview(2834441, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jokemuc
<Content>A pearl of Singapore   showReview(2769300, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended!!!   showReview(2754736, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ramosramos
<Content>Simply perfect...!!   showReview(2697597, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A better value than Hilton   showReview(2695524, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lousy and tricky for such a big hotel   showReview(2449986, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!   showReview(1742527, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nene-nono
<Content>銈優銇ㄣ偄銉掋儷銇伂銇勩亹銈嬨伩銇屽彲鎰涖亜   showReview(23149842, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jayjay29
<Content>銉曘儹銉炽儓銇偟銉笺儞銈广亴鎮亜   showReview(21215867, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇с仚   showReview(21744778, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>銇姐仯銇°們銈娿亞銇曘亷
<Content>鎰熻瑵銇с仚   showReview(20590412, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>skyexpress
<Content>銉炪兗銉┿偆銈兂鍋淬仹銇亸銇︺倐鍣存按銈枫儳銉笺亴瑕嬨倝銈屻伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(20381173, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璐呮并銇偣銉嗐偆   showReview(20753259, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ApprenticeGardener
<Content>绉诲嫊銇笉渚裤仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19977007, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Best Hotel to stay in Singapore   showReview(19650322, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>缍洪簵銇у揩閬┿伀婊炲湪銇с亶銈嬨儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19170442, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇с仚   showReview(19169831, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>婧€瓒?#x201d;   showReview(19168964, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿鈼庛€佹湞椋熲柍銆併儠銈ｃ儍銉堛儘銈光柍   showReview(19167872, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈濋銇簱銇?#x201d;   showReview(19159776, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇с仐銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(19159373, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>缍洪簵銇ч潤銇嬨仾銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19157291, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈炽兂銉┿儍銉夈偡銉炽偓銉濄兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(19155760, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿鎸囧畾銇曘亪鍑烘潵銈屻伆   showReview(19155153, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷銇仐銇︺伅...   showReview(19927303, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>MRT椐呫伨銇с伅10鍒?..   showReview(19927030, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍑哄嫉銇у埄鐢ㄣ仐銇俱仐銇?..   showReview(19925158, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍗堝墠銇儧銉嗐儷銇稿埌鐫€銇?..   showReview(19924778, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>SQ銇с儴銉笺儹銉冦儜銇...   showReview(19923123, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ㄣ偘銈笺偗銉嗐偅銉栥儠銉偄...   showReview(19920894, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉掋儷銉堛兂绯诲垪銇渶涓婄礆...   showReview(19919675, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛掑害鐩伄瀹挎硦銇с仐銇熴亴...   showReview(19919453, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛掑害鐩伄婊炲湪銇с仐銇?..   showReview(19919120, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>棣欐腐銇偝銉炽儵銉冦儔銇瘮...   showReview(19918073, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓績鍦般亱銈夈伅銇°倗銇ｃ仺...   showReview(19916438, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍫存墍鐨勩伀銇偡銉炽偓銉濄兗...   showReview(19916354, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傝惤銇°亜銇︺亜銈嬮洶...   showReview(19916352, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓€瑷€銇ч潪甯搞伀缇庛仐銇?..   showReview(19916257, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

