<Author>JaTexan2004
<Content>Great Hotel! I enjoyed my stay at the Hotel Palomar Dallas. The staff was very friendly and professional, and my room was amazing (I stayed in the Luxury Suite). The hotel really does try to cater to your every need, without being overly pushy. My only complaint was that the room smelled a little musty, like it needed to be aired out a bit, but that could of only been partial to my room. Also, don't bother eating dinner at Central 214, the food is not very impressive for the price.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>oilmaven51
<Content>Pros and Cons of Pet Friendly Palomar The Palomar is the old Hilton (complete with a re-opened Trader Vic's). Overall the staff is very young and that shows.We booked a pet friendly package of an 2 room suite with an adjoining double room. At check in the amenities were not ready and some they were going to have to mail. Not a good sign.The suite had a very nice living room with separate bedroom/bath blocked by a sliding door. Unfortunately the bedroom was on the Central Expressway and the 24/7 traffic noises were a definite disadvantage. Certain suites are for the pets and all had traffic noise from the Expressway or Mockingbird. This alone would probably keep me from coming back as a good night's rest is important (clue to hotel: there are curtains you can buy to block the noise). The curtains in the bedroom were behind furniture making them somewhat inaccessible. So we always had a little light in the room. Had there been an alternative room we would have taken it.Food is wonderful and other than a bottle of champagne spewing all over one of our party's coats (waitress was totally unprepared for that possibility) no complaints on food and beverage. Breakfast is particularly good at the 214.Mini bar needs some work as they are very small. Maid service is very good and responds in minutes.A funny on Saturday night: we could not get change for a $100 dollar bill. The desk and the bar only had 1's and 5's. Since your only option is valet parking you are always tipping..I told the valet boys to go get some change for the hotel or they would be stiffed all night.Probably would not stay here again due to noise, young staff does not have a problem solving mentality..just an apology mentality. Good location tho for anyone needing close proximity to park cities, highland park, smu or baylor hospital.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>sbccc
<Content>Interesting - a little pricey but nice This is an interesting spot. You are right next to Central Expressway so it's convenient. The hotel has all the fancy touches with valets and bellmen that are actually quite good. The rooms are nice and well appointed - standard sized rooms. The restaurant is pretty trendy and pricey - as is the bar. We stayed here on business. It was nice. The Radisson next door was about one third cheaper (129 vs 189). The Palomar is basically a dressed up Radisson - nicer appointments and staff etc. If you want that then you will get your money's worth. If you just want a room go next door. Hooters had their Christmas party there while we were there - that was interesting. I don't expect the the hotel bar is that lively most nights.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PNTRAVEL2007
<Content>Very nice modern accomodation It is overall a very nice hotel, with a great location just of Hwy 75 and across from a modern small shopping center and cinema complex. The restaurant is also very nice. Great lobby. Very comfortable beds, wonderful flatscreen HDTV, modern decor.Two negatives: very dirty stained shower curtain and also it is sort of annoying to have only valet option for parking; in Dallas one may end up using their car quite a bit.Would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>SSemone
<Content>Nice Hotel I can tell you first off that the food here is Excellent. I had a goat cheese pizza at the bar with drinks and for room service I had lobster bisque and Caesar salad-- both meals were wonderful. I don't know if it is a good thing or a bad thing that I am mentioning the food first. The hotel itself was nice. Rooms were comfortable and clean. Location is great. We had a suite and it was spacious with a large bathroom and separate area with couch and TV. The decor is modern.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ianp1
<Content>Loved it! I loved almost everything about the Palomar. The staff are so friendly and helpful (especially the valet parkers). The design is great and the rooms very comfortable and clean. The restaurant is cool and the food good. The location is excellent鈥攊t's only a short taxi drive away, for instance, from the North Park Mall (which is one of the best things in Dallas). The hotel's adjoining day spa is also fantastic. I had one of the best massages ever there. In fact, I only had one slightly annoying experience during my stay, when I sat down at a table near the bar just after my arrival, dying of hunger. It was absolutely impossible to get the attention of a waiter for about 10 minutes... which was really annoying. They apparently thought I was just sitting there waiting for someone. When they realised I actually wanted to eat, they were really charming and ended up offering me the drink and snack on the house. I thought that very gracious. The only other gripe I'd have about the hotel would be the gym... which is a little small and under-equipped. Other than that, the Palomar was brilliant. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smayo
<Content>Hip, but skip the restuarant Spent Sat., Nov 8, 2008 for a girls reunion weekend. The room was a wow, the lobby fabulous, the beautiful infinity pool heated. It's all about hipness and serenity and it delivered. The bed was comfy, great linens. We booked a package that included dinner and breakfast at The 214 Resturant. No vouchers, we were told the computer would take our credit off the bill. I thought that was pretty classy, but it didn't happen at express checkout and at the front desk, it wasn't deducted either. Had to re-do the bill several times to get all the items included in the package price (which was in full on the bill). The person behind the counter was polite, but she seemed to be completely unaware of the package ammenities. Didn't like feeling like we were re-negotiating the bill. 214 service and presentation were very good, but all the food had a spice to it that niether of us liked, even the breakfast potatoes. I'd go back, but skip the meals. Next time would use the spa.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	2	-1	-1	

<Author>TimTheTraveler
<Content>What a beautiful,friendly hotel! My partner and I stayed at the Palomar for his birthday and to watch the Olympic Opening Ceremony with friends. This hotel has so much style. Everywhere you look,it is just beautiful. The room was big and so well appointed. The staff was so nice and the most helpful we've ever encountered. Thank you for keeping that ice coming,lol. They even give you a companion goldfish ,if you like. When our fish,Bubbles, passed away,they had Bubbles II in the room in five minutes. If you want a great stay in fantastic hotel,this is the place! I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BlondieOklahomaCity
<Content>Pleasantly surprised! Loved it! Great Location! My husband surprised me with a weekend in Dallas for my birthday. He booked the Hotel Palomar after getting a recommendation from a friend. We were thrilled by the location of the hotel. A few minutes from North Park Mall and a few minutes from Uptown/West Village. A starbucks and little shopping area is right across the street, and several restaurants on the hotel property (including Trader Vic's). The hotel is trendy but not overly so. Very tastefully decorated. The front desk staff was extremely friendly and not stuffy at all. They gave us 25% off our room rate if I would juggle a hackey sack (spelling?) which I had never done before! Pretty strange I know, but it was actually fun, so I did it! I was terrible, but I will do anything to save a buck! :) So we got our $219 room rate down to $169. Our room was quite large with an awesome jacuzzi bathtub (so huge both my 6'3'' husband and I could fit in it together! ). The bed was extrememly comfortable and extra long since it was a California King. We had drinks at the hotel bar one night and it was very nice. Not overly busy, but a nice place to talk. Great Chocolate martinis! My husband booked us a couples massage at the hotel spa and it was amazing. The spa itself is quite small with not much but a locker room and steamroom, but the service was incredible! Best massages we have ever had. Overall our experience at the Palomar was top notch. Some extras I forgot to mention about the hotel are the free glasses of wine in the lobby of an evening, and the free bottles of water in the room each day and also water available for joggers in an ice bucket in the lobby. Overall I give the Palomar an A+ for our stay. It is our new favorite Dallas hotel. Give it a try!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>monkeyjarhead
<Content>Outstanding stay Just got home from Dallas and stayed one night at the Palomar. Had heard good things from a friend and we were traveling for a family meeting with our 18 month old. We checked in about 11pm to stellar staff and stellar service. They actually had put someone in our room but upgraded us to another room which was great. We needed a crib which came immediately. The rooms are very clean and swank. Great bedding which we are pillow top and high thread count fans. Everything was perfect. The hotel is of contemporary design and as I said before hip. I have stayed at the Ritz Carlton in Dallas and would either stay here(Palomar) or the Mansion at Turtle Creek. However, you could stay at the palomar 3 nights for the cost of 1 at the Mansion or Ritz. I highly reccomend Hotel Palomar and their staff and training is outstanding.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PlanoTripper
<Content>Exceptional Hotel Absolutely wonderful hotel: attentive staff, well-designed and decorated room, nice lobby and fun happy hour. This resurrected Dallas landmark lives up to its promise.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ethelfenerf
<Content>Superb Stay The room accomadations were excellent. The service was friendly and helpful. Enjoyed the food very much. Also great pool.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ddyjr
<Content>The Palomar is my favorite hotel in Dallas I heard about the Palomar before it opened. I was in Dallas in 2007 for a charity event so I booked a room with the intention of visiting the Trader Vics' on the property. While enjoying the free Wine Hour in the lobby, I learned about the Central214 restaurant and never went anywhere else.In 2008 when the charity event came around again, I booked a room for me and my sweetheart. We enjoyed ourselves tremendously! It was a very classy and comfortable experience. The staff treated us like expected special guests. Our room was quiet and seemingly luxurious. I remember asking if we were in a special type of room and was assured that it was their standard.We enjoyed the Wine Hour again. GREAT LOBBY! Very compfy, with a fireplace. Made it to Trader Vics,and relaxed for the evening. We were intrigued by the pool and went down to the hot tub later in the evening. Soft music, nice hot tub, and a super oasis-like environment. We cannot wait to stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Greg00
<Content>We love the Palomar!! I didn't get the name of the employee, but, I asked the front desk if they sold any rolaids for my daughter. They were out, and a tall gentleman said I can go across the street and buy them for you, what is your room number? I could not believe it. A few minutes later, he knocked on our door with the rolaids he purchased with his own money. To make this story even better, he remembered me in the lobby a few days later and asked how my daughter was doing. What class! This hotel has some of the best trained staff, and I travel all over the world. The rooms are modern and clean, and room service dims the lights and angles the spot lights on the candies they leave on the beds at night. Very refreshing to come back to after a hot day in Dallas! I would recommend this hotel to anyone, and look forward to our next stay. Thanks Palomar!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SMUMOM
<Content>Loved it! Great hip hotel! Just returned from a 2 night stay at the Palomar. WOW! After a delayed flight to Dallas, my son and I arrived at the hotel Sunday, near midnight....exhausted. We were greeted by a friendly staff (even at that late hour) and were happy to find our room inviting and extremely comfortable! The room was a nice size with a great color scheme and I loved all the extra touches.... the bottled water w/ drinking glass' next to each bed, the animal print robes, the leopard print pajamas and socks hanging in the closet, and the BEST.....the L'occitane bath/body products! Being a native Dallasite, I remember when the hotel was the Hilton and can appreciate what a quality renovation and design job Kimpton has done. The hotel is beautiful and fun and funky! The bar was very nice w/ great martinis and our breakfast at 214 was WONDERFUL! (I recommend the Brioche French toast with Strawberry coulis) The hotel staff was friendly, professional, and eager to make my stay a pleasant one. I will be returning to Dallas next month and will definently stay at the Palomar again!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Skyyj
<Content>Smooth I'm in Dallas at least once a month and I always and I mean always love The Palomr.The people, the space, the location are all fabulous for anyone doing business in D.My clients, love meeting me there. I've had times, when I never left the hotel.Breakfast, lunch and dinner meetings...All at The Palomar.Kimpton has the touch.Lje  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Austin-1975
<Content>Okay, but not up to par to other Kimpton hotels My husband and I travel quite a bit and have started to prefer Kimpton hotels. We stayed at the Palomar on business, because of its location to our conference. The staff at the Palomar are fairly responsive - especially the bus  valet staff. The evening wine reception is nice as is the lobby area. We did eat at the restaurant, which was good. Even though we booked under two different room rates (one rate for 2 nights, a second rate for the 3rd night), we were told by the reservation agent that we wouldn't have to change rooms. However, on the third day, we found our room keys did not work in our lock after we returned from working a long day - the front desk staff (I assume) had essentially checked us out (without leaving any messages for us) and we had to get new keys made twice, as well as have a staff member come up. The rooms are a bit noisy - we also heard doors slamming shut in the hallways, as other reviewers have mentioned. We did not have a coffee maker in the room when we checked in, so ended up ordering very expensive continental room service the next morning. But a coffee maker appeared the second day without our having to ask, which was very convenient. Other room amenities were up to par for a 'luxury' hotel. We did not have the opportunity to use the pool or fitness room, so cannot comment on those.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>CrozMo
<Content>Not all Kimptons are created equal - Palomar Dallas sets the bar HIGH! I've had the pleasure of staying at this property as a meeting manager as well as for personal getaways and am spoiled by The Palomar in Dallas. My husband and I just returned from NYC where we stayed in 2 other Kimpton properties. They were both nice and clean but nothing compares to the unparalleled service experienced at the Dallas property. They just do it right! Finally, a hotel that gets it. They have the blessing of the BEST valet (quick, courteous, and handsome), BEST front office staff (exceeded expectations on all stays there), BEST sales staff (truly the best of the best) and BEST banquets department (a meeting planners DREAM, trust me!). Guest rooms are surprisingly big, perfect turn down service, friendly and meticulous housekeeping staff and quick room service that has always been right the first time. It's said that there's no place like home and I completely agree BUT if I'm going to lay my head anyplace else, Palomar Dallas is my pick for amazing service and sweet dreams in one of their super comfy beds. Other properties could learn a lot from this hotel!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>belleslady
<Content>Noise and Lack of Privacy I stayed here with a relative, who happened to be sick and was essentially bed-ridden for all three nights. Unfortunately, the Palomar did not provide any peace or quiet. You can hear doors slamming all day and night as guests exited their rooms. And between 7 am and noon forget about it. The maids would engage the deadbolts and allow the doors to slam up against the frame as they went in and out cleaning the rooms. This was like pure torture for anyone let alone someone who wasn't feeling well. In addition, the staff entered our room on a number of occassions after only one knock and no delay. I was actually on the far end of the room, and when I turned around after the knock the staff member had already come in. Instead of leaving immediately, she began to ask me as I stood in my underwear if I needed to restock the minibar- even though there was a do not disturb sign outside! In short, the hotel is nice enough physically for a four star, nothing to write home about, but at that class level you expect the best in both services and amenities. You also need to adore pets, because the hotel is the most open I've seen about pets. We were in the elevator at one point with more dogs than humans.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>picturejoy
<Content>excellent services, very clean room I stayed at this hotel for two nights as a business traveler. The hotel is remodeled two years ago, lobby looks nice, room is very clean, bathroom is roomy. The phone in the room is actually a cordless phone. The hotel also provide you free toothpaste/tooth brush if you forget to pack yours. And last but not least, hotel staffs are very friendly. I wish they have complimentary coffee/tea at your room so you can use it whenever you want, but instead, they offer complimentary coffee/tea at the lobby in the morning only. We didn't get to eat at the 214 restaurant at the hotel, so not sure if the food is good there, and I didn't get to use the swimming pool either.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Keithcu
<Content>Hotel Palomar - great inside and out If your travels bring you to Dallas... well, I'm sorry. But don't despair because the Hotal Palomar will cure what ails you -- even if it's Big D. The service and amenities of this hotel are well documented here. So, I'll focus on life outside the hotel. You may not want to leave, but if you do venture outside the hotel, here are some recommendations.Donuts! Take a beautiful walk across SMU to Snider Plaza where you will find Mustang Donuts. This is homemade daily goodness... The mile walk will help your conscience -- no accounting for taste on the names of SMU's buildings (Ford, Bush, etc.)...Beer! Across the street to Mockingbird Station and sample the dozens of interesting taps at Trinity Hall.Tacos! Hidden on the backside of the Mockingbird Station shopping thing is Urban Tacos. Yum and what a deal.The concierge can give you maps. Heck, the Palomar staff might offer to walk you there. I want some of whatever they're on.Cheers.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stevemustangred
<Content>Overpriced My wife and I have stayed at the Palomar a few times as well as several other upscale hotels in the Dallas area. The staff at the Palomar are terrific, but the hotel itself is nothing special. The hotel is barely two years old so it should be nice. The fee for parking is ridiculous because the hotel is located in the suburbs, not downtown. The evening wine reception is nice. They had some fair vintages. The pool is located between the two buildings and there isn't a view from the pool expect for the high tension power lines behind the hotel. The carpet in our room was dirty. They had a hard time getting room keys to work in our lock and had to send maintainance up twice. If you are a light sleeper you might not like it because you'll hear doors slamming shut in the hallways. They could have done a better job making the hotel quieter, but sound seems to travel through the doors and walls easily. There are hotels in Dallas that are just as nice for half the price.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	2	5	5	1	

<Author>amybelletx
<Content>Great Dallas hotel! My husband and I just returned from Dallas for a 1 night stay at the Palomar. The hotel was great. Very clean with stylish, modern decor. The hotel was bright and airy, not depressing like some modern hotels. It was small and very quiet. The pool area was great and the spa was very nice and accomodating. The hotel is very close to North Park Center, Highland Park and Uptown. Great location!! Great price for quality if you don't want to spend $400 on the Ritz or W.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>weemacs
<Content>A ray of light in Dallas I was in Dallas on business and was put up in this hotel. What a delightful spot with a charming welcome from the forecourt staff all the way to the luggage being delivered to the room. And that was the service that I enjoyed throughout my three day stay. Lovely people and very well looked after. Breakfast was extensive and we had dinner there one night which was up to scratch. You need a car in Dallas. You cannot get anywhere as there are no pavements to talk of.The bar life after work was very good fun and as this hotel hosts conference delegates the evening parties can also be entertaining.Beats the chain hotels hands down.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	4	4	5	5	

<Author>J_and_A_1
<Content>Cool hotel but鈥?#x201d;       Shower  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>yafman
<Content>amazing renovation, bad housekeeping this is a four-star hotel but i had to take it down a notch because of multiple housekeeping-related issues we experienced during our stay. to begin with, when we checked in they radioed housekeeping from the front desk to ensure that our room was ready for check-in. when housekeeping said the room was ready, we were given the green light to go upstairs; however upon arrival the maid was still cleaning the room and this must have caused her to feel rushed because she did not swap out the toiletries for fresh bottles or remove the used roll-on stick from the bathroom floor.secondly, i left behind a gift card that i was supposed to be a birthday present. i realized my error and called the day of checkout but it was nowhere to be found.finally, i received a minibar charge despite the fact that i did not utilize the minibar at all. maybe it's because i was given a minibar key with the room key and there was already a minibar key in the refridgerator but in either case they should be honest about counting the inventory. they were more then happy to credit the bill but for a $250/night suite i should not have to go through all that.housekeeping issues aside, this is a very nice facility and it's amazing to see all the renovations they put into what was a sleazy, run-down eyesore in an otherwise upscale neighborhood. one other precaution i would cite is that you have to utilize their valet service ($20/day) to park in the hotel. there is a residents' lot around the corner but i was informed that i might be towed if i parked there so i had to eat the valet charge.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	2	5	2	3	

<Author>OSU_Sux
<Content>Amazing Hotel! One of the best I've stayed at. I'm not one for fancy looking spaces, I want something clean, pleasing, and extraordinary service. The Palomar has it. My radar is always going off in hotels waiting for something bad to happen and with my one night stay here IT DID NOT HAPPEN. There is literally not a single bad thing i can say about this hotel which is amazing.I would return here just for a vacation to do nothing but hang out in this hotel, it's such a breath of fresh air and genuine, uncompormised hospitality.Kimpton, I'm a believer!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hppyfeet
<Content>Great for Business, Great for Families I stayed here because I was in town for business and it was highly recommended by colleagues. I was bit nervous becuase I had my husband and two young kids with me and I wasn't sure if a great business hotel would be a great family hotel. Turns out it was. The room is a bit small, especially when adding a cot and crib but the hotel was accomodating in every way. While the only parking options is valet ($18 a night), the valet staff gaves us tips for dinner and places to explore. (Try the children's museum or Dallas zoo.)The best example of the hospitality was that they washed several pieces of clothing for us after my son got sick on the airplane that day. I asked for a nearby cleaner and they offered to take care of it for us, for no charge. Later that night, we had our clean clothes delivered in a wicker basket. A great touch for a road-weary family. We also enjoyed the nightly turndown service (mints, bottled water and extra towels) and the outdoor heated pool and hot tub. I would absolutely stay here again and the staff earned our loyalty for not making us feel like the odd-family in an upscale place.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lgelkins
<Content>Luxury with a modern twist       standard double room  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>arkansastiger
<Content>Hotel Palomar is a Must Stay! Fabulous property - most everything was wonderful about the hotel. The best part was service - we were very impressed with the quality service and friendly staff at the Palomar. The rooms are very nice, though a bit small. The TV's are huge and the beds are as comfortable as I any hotel I have stayed at.The spa attached to the hotel is great. Check it out.The restaurant is okay, however, i mentioned that in my online survey after my stay and got very prompt and sincere followup from the hotel manager and the food and beverage manager. They seem to take the feedback seriously. I am confident you won't regret your stay at the Palomar. They are a wonderful hotel with wonderful people. By the way, our transportation to and from the airport was fabulous. Our driver was Larry Shelton and he can be reached at [-].  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kctraveler99
<Content>ultra hip Palomar I styayed here with wife on Dec 29, for 2 nights. Paid regular rate of aprox 325/night for a deluxe king. Staff very friendly and helpful. Car valet guy brought car up in quick time. Check in was quick. Luggage was brought to room right away. Wife needed a razor for legs, and it was brought with in 3 minutes of the phone request. Did breakfast room service,, quick and tasty.This was a Hilton back in the late 60's. It was closed and Kimpton totally redid it and it reopened in Sep 2006 as the Palomar. It reminds me of a -W- type of property.They had a nice 1 hour free wine/champagne happy hour in the lobby, along with free coffee in the morning. Small touches,, but those build a repeat visit.Small things but... in room desk area had a --4-- port electrical plug in for computers/phones. etc. Free internet, bioth wired and wirelss. 2 phones (1 handsfree), 2 line telephones. Great LG HDTV/flat panel LCD TV's... Nice radio, and cool reading lamps on bed so wife could sleep while I worked (sorry, we are married)... Another thing.... so many hotels now use compact flour. light bulbs. They put off a stange color, but at the Palomar, true incadesent bulbs, bright enough for reading/working. Lots of dimmers for lighting. Also, nice bathroom shampoo/soaps. Wife did yoga at the Exhale spa.. Free workout equipment access. Overall a great experience and highly recommended. PS The new Trader Vic's restaurant just steps around the corner from the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jonakrist
<Content>Best Hotel I've ever stayed in! I've traveled for 14 years and stayed at a number of hotels and motels. Some were good and some were not. I had the best nights of sleep at the Palomar I've ever had in my entire life! I want to buy the bed in my room!The back massages and wine tasting while meeting the other guests in the hotel was the high point of my day. My wife and I both agree it was the best time we ever spent in a hotel.I give it 5 stars *****!Jon Kristofferson  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NiallSeton
<Content>Fabulous ! First of all the convienet location made staying there so easy, on and off the highway in seconds, was such a treat, and made it such a breeze to travel around Dallas.The staff was so friendly and went WAY out of thier way to accomodate and be certain I had everything I wanted \ needed.And then the rooms were impeccably clean and so tastefully decorated with such a flair it felt like such a shame to mess it up.Then the next day it was spotless again.Of course the HUGE television didn't hurt.I have travelled all over the world and have stayed at many hotels, the Palomar in Dallas is easily 6 stars, the staff really puts it over the top !I would highly reccomend staying there, and I have, to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>girlFriday48
<Content>Hotel is awesom I have stayed at the Hotel Palomar several times and it is a wonderful hotel. The rooms are spacious and reasonably priced. The staff at the hotel is unbeatable. They greet you when you drive up, and are always eager to make your stay as comfortable as possible. They always make you feel special and important. My company has held a couple of meetings there and they have always come off flawless. The food is wonderful. I can鈥檛 say enough nice things about the hotel. I will go back again and again.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vickidiep
<Content>The Best Hotel EVER!!!!!! My husband and I traveled to Dallas for a convention at the Hyatt, but I heard from a friend that the Hotel Palomar is a MUST stay, so we changed hotels. I am delighted to say that it was nothing short of spectacular. Being from Chicago, it was nice to have such genuine southern hospitality. From the doorman to the housekeeper, everyone was friendly. The hotel was also VERY clean and the interior design...stunning! (You should see all the artwork). Konni (the Concierge) was superb about recommendations for night-life and meals. Too bad we were only there for 3 nights because we certainly wanted to stay much longer.-Vicki ( Allan)  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PinkBombshell
<Content>Wonderful staff and very pet friendly! This has been the third time I have stayed at The Palomar and I couldn't ask for anything more. The staff here is very helpful, always greet you with a smile and take care of any problems you have very quickly. Before Palomar I was staying at Hotel Zaza...I love that place...but I couldn't seem to get my work done with all the nightlife and activity there so I decided to give Palomar a try. The hotel decor is very hip and the bar and room service are great. I have two little dogs that I have taken with me twice and a few of the staff members treat them like their own. They even asked why I didn't bring them the third time. The detox massage at the spa is also wonderful. This place is great for leasure or business.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JRChicago
<Content>Very Nice Hotel, Worth a Try for Business or Pleasure Stayed at the Palomar over Thanksgiving and would give it two thumbs up. Great location, nice rooms (not small as indicated by the previous review), clean, quiet and comfortable. I really enjoy Kimpton properties and this one did not let me down. The hotel staff recommended two great choices (one for breakfast and another for Thanksgiving dinner), both were perfect. The staff was friendly and attentive, overall a very positive experience in Dallas.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lagniappe34
<Content>Lots of potential, but a long way to go Ok, I am a Dallas native, I had some time off and wanted to get away just by myself. I booked a hotel/spa pkg that included a bunch services (details to follow).I am familiar with this hotel from it's days as the old Hilton and have drinks there quite a bit currently. The Review: The hotel lobby is so stylish, the pool is subdued, but kind of cool. The desk clerk was terribly rude, I was really excited about my stay and she could have cared less. I got to my room and it was just claustrophobically tiny. The bed hit the tv stand. I went back down to try and get a larger room which I was even willing to pay for. Rude Desk Clerk Girl told me I had to go to spa, through which I booked the room to get a room change. I thought this was incredibly poor service. Regardless, I did it. The spa manager could have cared less as well. I went back to the hotel front desk, told Rude Desk Clerk Girl that the spa manager had nothing for me and she told me there was nothing she could do. I asked for her boss, he was incredibly nice and accommodating and upgraded me to a larger room. I must admit the room was still quite small. The decor in the rooms was interesting, modern Kimpton style.The spa experience was terribly average. Dallas has a ton of spa/hotel experiences and this one is just so not up to par with them. The massage therapist didn't listen to what I wanted or my requests. The facialist was just fine. The manicurist/pedicurist tried way to hard to sell stuff to me. The manager of the spa just wasn't a welcoming/inviting person. They really made me feel like a nuisance (which I might have been), but regardless, I was still a guest and should have been treated as such. This is a very stylish hotel, with terribly average services and save for gracious hotel manager (Elliott, i believe his name was), terribly below average staff all around.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>TA77002
<Content>Great service except during prime times I have stayed at Palomar Dallas twice. The hotel is in a good, central location and within easy walking distance to SMU. The hotel underwent a first class refurbishing before opening as the Palomar. Rooms are somewhat masculine in decor (zen like) but comfortable and roomy. My only complaint is that the front desk and valet staff appear to be understaffed during peak time periods (e.g. on Fri/Sat nights), even though the staff seems eagar to please. The valet staff at first forgot to retreive and then couldn't find both my and separately my friend's cars. It took each of us almost an hour to finally get our cars out of valet, and that was after notifying the head of valet. Another surprising problem is that I called to place a wake up call at around midnight on a Saturday, and I was unable to reach ANYONE at the hotel (that is, no one picked up when I repeatedly dialed lines to the wake up desk, front desk, valet, concierge, etc...) I even called Kimpton's main number and central reservations tried for 15 minutes to contact the Palomar directly to no avail. When I finally reached someone at the hotel (by then it was well past the time I was ready to go to bed), I was told that everyone was busy, as though it was a common problem at that time.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>hsblendo
<Content>Great Hotel, good business trip I went to Dallas for a business trip at the end of October and enjoyed the Hotel Palomar. Wireless internet access was great, the room was comfortable (and the bed was very comfortable!) and I slept well. The property is stylish and I love the Kimpton wine hour (although I didn't get a chance to enjoy it this time around). The location was convenient because we had to be at a few different places around the city. There were minor imperfections (bad water pressure, broken dead bolt) but overall, I was happy with my stay and would definitely recommend the Palomar.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Dallasfan07
<Content>Loved the Palomar What a great weekend escape! We decided to just get away from the house for the weekend, but not go to far. So we checked in to the Hotel Palomar and found it to be an urban oasis. The staff are friendly and helpful. The food at both Central 214 and Trader Vics was excellent. Overall it was just what we were looking for as a close weekend get away treat. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PattyB54
<Content>Loved It We spent one night at the Hotel Palomar to celebrate a friend's 50th birthday. The hotel is most comfortable and stylishly decorated. The service is superb. The wine hour from 5 - 6 was relaxing and allowed us to meet others staying at the hotel. The rooms are very nice. Our bed  living space on the 6th floor was bigger than our friend's room on the 9th floor, but their bathroom was huge. The rooms are very tastefully decorated. We've stayed at a Kimpton Hotel in the past (Hotel Monaco in Denver) and after staying at the Hotel Palomar, we will continue to seek out the Kimpton Brand whenever we leave town.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DRace
<Content>Style, elegance and luxury What a treat. Having grown up Dallas and remember when the Mockingbird Hilton was all the rage, it looked like nothing would ever really be done with the property again. And now someone has taken this wonderful property, updated it and made it a first class luxury hotel. The lobby and rooms are perfectly decorated and compliment the outstanding architecture. The bed is heavenly. The staff could not be nicer and more willing to help. The cocktail reception and coffee bar are a lovely addition to your stay. And the Central 214 should not be missed. While there are a wealth of fine restaurants in Dallas, this was truly one of the best meals with the best service I have had in the city. We will be back!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PhyllisMH
<Content>Good quality hotel that is a bit distinct We stayed 3 nights at this hotel following the good reviews on tripadvisor and the reasonable rate we got. We were not disappointed. The interior of the hotel is distinct as are the rooms and it was a refreshing change fromt same old same old of the traditional US chain hotel in this price bracket (Marriot, Hilton, etc).Service was generally good although for some reason check in is not until 4 in the afternoon and we were not able to check in until dead on 4 as the hotel was full. The location was pretty good, just off the interstate and in a nice part of town and not too far from downtown, the malls etc.Being English I never like the valet parking only idea. I much prefer the option of parking my own car but that was only a little niggle. The only other niggle was the what we thought general poor quality of the cocktails in the bar considering their price.Overall though a pleasant and good hotel and if I ever happened to be in Dallas again I would probably stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>tf403
<Content>One of the best ever My wife and I travel frequently to first class hotels and resorts. Our stay at the Palomar ranks right up there with any Ritz or Four Seasons.The staff is impeccably trained and exceptionally friendly and helpful. They knew our names almost from the moment of arrival. The King Suite was spacious and very well decorated. The bathroom was immaculate and the large jacuzzi was wonderful.Room service arrived within 15 minutes of placing the order and was delicious.The hotel is located just off the SMU campus and is in an area of great restaurants and shopping.We cannot wait to return and to try other hotels in the Kimpton chain.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TripSurvivor
<Content>Great Getaway We stayed in a king suite for a one night getaway for my wife's birthday. Hotel Palomar definitely exceeded our expectations in every way. Both the public spaces and rooms are well decorated. The staff was very friendly. Our beagle loved their pet friendly policies. We got a very good promotional rate.Only negative is, even on the 8th floor, you still hear Central Expressway.I liked it so much I recommended it to three business associates who went there last week and all raved about it.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stevethetruck
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel!!!! I stayed at the Palomar and was very please and quite impressed! Connie, who set up my stay, was amazing, truly on the ball! The staff and door crew were attentive and met our every need. My girlfriend had bought a cake for her Mom's birhtday and the door staff offered to let us keep it in their fridge, right out front, for several hours. The wine tasting was great, because they actually had good wines!! I would go back to the Palomar in a heartbeat. I would reccommend it to anyone traveling to Dallas, especially if they want to be in the Highland Park area.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ProudTexan
<Content>Very Nice The Palomar is very chic. The rooms are extremely comfortable and the restaurant and bar are excellent. I checked out the gym this morning and it is quite nice as well. The location of the hotel is very convenient as well for a number of different reasons. My only gripes about the hotel are that they charge you for internet usage at the business center [$5.95 per 15 minute increment] and the price for parking at the hotel is pretty outrageous --- $18 per day. In the big scheme of things though, those upcharges, which seemed really out of place when considering the rates for this hotel, did not negate my otherwise positive experience.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Splash2nd
<Content>Upscale refurbished hotel Stayed here July 19 to July 24, 2007We liked this refurbished hotel in a stylish contemporary look. The living room in lobby area was unique, with complimentary coffee in the morning and wine in the evening. Lounge was beautiful. Valet people were so attentive and on the spot, that you nearly didn't mind the pricey charge to park your vehicle. A complaint is the $10 fee for a visitor of a hotel guest to park. Our room was #801 and it had terrible air quality from the air conditioning unit. It felt humid and damp, making our clothes feel damp. The pool area was not as pictured on their web site. All the cabana curtains had been removed. I was hoping to make this a regular stay while in Dallas, but they will need to improve the air conditioning quality.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TulsaNoah
<Content>Beautiful, but not flawless. I recently stayed at this gorgeous hotel, while in Dallas for a concert. The location is outstanding and the surrounding neighborhoods are ideal for shopping and dining. Our room was well designed and all the fixtures and furniture were top-notch. We did not like the fact we were forced to use valet, because there is no self serve parking, and as a result one of the night valet's hit a pole with our brand-new vehicle. We were not told about it and did not notice it until after we had left the hotel, and had to come back to settle the issue. The manager on duty was as professioanl as they come and he is a true gem to the hotel and the Kimpton organization. The second issue we had was with check-in... I am a fequent Kimtpon Hotel guest and never have to wait for a room to be ready, but our room here at the Palomar was not ready until 4:30pm. Additionally we were not offered any sort of compensation for the inconvenience. Even with those 2 issues I'd stay there again without a doubt...in my opinion the best hotel deal in dallas!!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	2	4	4	

<Author>Roaming_Cajun
<Content>Cool hotel The Palomar was great. First, the neighborhood is interesting, with a mix of cool restaurants and bars, established homes, and new sleek condos. The drive into the entrance was easy with efficient, friendly valets. The good design begins in the lobby all the way to your room. Everyone was friendly and smiling that greeted us. This was our first stay and we received a free upgrade to the top-level room, the grand luxury suite. The elevator was clean and quick. We stayed on the top (9th) floor. The room was cool, with a marble entry way (we were warned by the staff to be careful of the step down into the living room). The living a bedroom were big, as was the bathroom. The tub was TOO big, it seemed 3 1/2 feet deep. It looked like a deep hot tub more than a bathtub. Also cool were the tiger stripe robes, two big flat-screen HDTVs, and comfortable bed. The couch is not a sleeper sofa, but ask the staff for a pillow and sheet and a kid or even under 6' tall adult could sleep fine on it. Pool was awesome, with an infinity edge and neat feeling swimming with the residences looming above you. Restaurants were full of friendly staff, also, with well prepared food at high prices. Gym is small, but well appointed with everything you would need. Only probem on our stay was front desk forgot to tell the bellman we needed him. Our car had been pulled up, but it was patiently waiting over 30 minutes for us because of the mistake. Gal at the front desk was very apologetic, which is good enough for me for a non-critical mistake such as that. I only get upset when staffers give me an eye-roll when they mess up. Overall, I was very satisified with our stay and would definitely return. The Palomar is a great bargain compared to the Four Seasons or similar Dallas hotel. More people should check it out.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TraveltogetherDallas
<Content>Great remodel of old property This re-modeled property is great. What used to be a run down independent hotel is now a showplace. The rooms and common spaces have been superbly refurbished with a not over the top modern style. My wife and I stayed one night for our anniversary and very much enjoyed ourselves. The bathrooms are nice (although the tub/shower combinations are pretty standard). The TVs are nice flat panel and they actually have HD stations unlike most hotels that have flat screens but just provide standard definition programming.The bar area is cool, and, although we didn't eat there, I understand the Central 214 Restaurant is very good. They now have a second restaurant open: Trader Vic's.The one negative is the $18 valet/parking fee which is not optional if you drive to the property. They should just increase the room rate and not charge this...for a property of this quality in a non-downtown setting, I didn't expect this nickel and dime approach.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mhp6
<Content>Fantastic new change of pace We were at the Palomar May 31, June 1 and 2nd, and we just loved it! We were travelling part of the time with our children, who declared it the best hotel ever! We booked a suite and an additional double room. Room service was excellent, and we thoroughly enjoyed coffee in the living room in the mornings and wine there in the evenings. For runners, there is a map and bottled water downstairs each morning (love it!), and they will send a goldfish up to kids at arrival so they have a pet! The hotel is lovely, and the staff fell all over themselves giving us great service. We normally stay at the Mansion, which is wonderful, but this is an excellent change of pace at a good price! We loved it!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travel092
<Content>Major Disapointment My girlfriend and I took our eleven year old daughters to Dallas for a shopping weekend. We normally stay at the Four Seasons in Las Colinas but opted to try this new Hot List hotel, according to Conde Nast Traveler. The location was very convenient to all of the major shopping centers. What was very inconvenient was the lack of service. We booked a suite. The living area was bare, I enjoy and appreciate modern decor but this needed some art or something of that nature. The bedroom area was decorated nicely. Everytime we sat on the end of the bed, the mattress separated from the headboard and flipped up. We had to request toilet paper twice and they delivered one roll. We had to request extra towels and washcloths daily (they were aware there was four of us staying in the room). The bathroom was poorly executed. One of the cabinet door hinges was gone so it was barely hanging on. Had a nasty shower curtain, who even sees shower curtains in this type of hotel? I would at least expect a glass door. The bathroom was cheaply put together. Lighting was terrible. The room service was 50/50. The first night we ordered, everything was just as ordered with all of the usual accompaniments. From then on it all went down hill. Needless to say, by the time we got our last meal we had to call and ask for flatware! The girls wanted ice cream for dessert at 10:10 but they wouldn't serve it because they don't serve ice cream after 10:00. Service? We never had all of our dishes removed after calling for them to do so. One morning my girlfriend and I were having a bottle of champagne and the attendant removed the almost full bottle, mind you, they had hardly removed any of the other dirty bare dishes. We didn't realize the mishap for probably 20 minutes or so. Instead of bringing us a new unopened bottle they found it in the kitchen and brought it back to us. Made us a little nervous and grossed out to drink. The pool was disappointing since they did not have bar service. We requested someone from room service come and take our order. Since it was a warm day in May, we wanted a margarita and the girls wanted a non-alcoholic daiquiri. Much to our surprise this establishment doesn't offer any frozen concoctions... not even a margarita on the rocks! Our friendly waiter told us he was previously employed at a luxury hotel in Dallas and was quite surprised with the lack of service the Palomar exhibits. Again, service? How hard is it to blend a drink? Upon check out, we called and asked for a bellman to meet us in our room at a specified time. We waited and waited. The front desk even called to inform us our limo was waiting and that we needed to depart. We told them a bellman was scheduled to be in our room 20 minutes earlier but hadn't seen sign of him yet. They assured us he was in route to our room. Needless to say, we never saw him and lugged our luggage down ourselves. Not even an apology or may I help you with your luggage once the valets and doorman noticed us. Im not quite sure the Palomar understands great service. If they ever want to play in the same league as hotels that do, they definitely need to step it up a notch.Bottom line. If you expect good service and nice amenities, stay at the Four Seasons or Hotel Crescent Court.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amieckow
<Content>All in all, a nice place My husband and I recently returned from a one-night stay at the Hotel Palomar. We decided to book this hotel due to its high ranking on tripadvisor and somewhat reasonable price. The hotel is absolutely beautiful but, as others have pointed out, the entrance is very poorly marked. Upon our arrival, our room was not ready, but the front desk person offered to call my cell phone as soon as it was ready (he said it would be about 20-30 mins and it was more like 45-50, but at least he called!). We walked across the street to Mockingbird Station to try and pass the time. There are only a few stores there, and a couple of restaurants, so I wouldn't plan on spending much time there at all!Once we checked in, we went up to our room - we had requested a high room, away from the elevator, and that is exactly what we received. The rooms are quite nice and the HDTV is a nice touch. However, the doors don't fully shut, so you need to make sure to pull it closed whenever you are leaving. Also, the bathroom only has a pocket door and it doesn't close fully, either. The gym, while adequate, is nothing special. We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant (we ate at Trader Vic's...What a mistake!), but we did spend some time at the bar there. The drinks are good, though pricey (as expected) and the bartenders were friendly and quick. Constantly having to use the valet parking was a bit annoying, but I had read those reviews prior to our arrival, so were at least prepared for that...What we weren't prepared for, however, was the excessively long wait to get our car (even when we were the only ones waiting!) - apparently, not all of their valets can drive standards. We found that to be a little interesting. Monday morning (Memorial Day), we received a letter under our door saying that the hotel restaurant would be closed for the holiday, but there would be a complimentary brunch until ten in the lobby. We got down there around 9:30 and they had no coffee, no hot water for tea, no plates...Just a serving tray with a few random fruit pieces on it. That was a little disappointing, but I guess it was more popular than they anticipated.All in all, the hotel is nice, though a little pricey for what you get. The majority of the problems seem to be related to inexperience, so I would guess that they will continue to improve.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	2	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>clf626
<Content>Awesome Hotel! This was the most enjoyable hotel experience we have ever had. Everyone was so friendly. The hotel facilities are exactly as shown on the website. It is beautiful, luxurious and modern. Our bed was extremely comfortable. The room was gorgeous. Room service was awesome and they called every time to make sure everything was to our satisfaction. The entire staff went the second mile. Our puppy 'Duke' had a blast with all of the attention and love he received from everyoneWe had the privilege of meeting two of the concierges - Karena Rosillo and Anne Young. Karena straightened out the reservations that I mistakenly made at the wrong location. Next, she set up our anniversary dinner reservations at 鈥楾rader Vic's鈥? then she got a limo to take us the ballgame. She managed to get our massages scheduled together and had our room set up with fruit and wine.Anne arranged for someone to dog sit our puppy Duke while we went to the ballgame, made dinner reservations for us and took care of every detail over and above anything we expected.We will brag to everyone about this hotel. Whenever we are in town, we will definitely stay here again. Thanks again Hotel Palomar in Dallas for a most extraordinary and pleasant experience.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luv2goplush
<Content>Hotel is great ..smell is awful!!!! I loved the Palomar. I took my daughter here with some friends for her 16th birthday. When we arrived in the room was a bottle of wine (for me and my sister of course) and welcome note and some cheese snacks. I even had personalized stationery!! The rooms are so chic!! The white marble floors when you walk in are stunning..the bathroom is so cute. The beds were unbelievably comfortable and our view from our windows was fantastic. The girls called the front desk and requested a goldfish and named it Lily! The service was impeccable! We were here over St. Patricks Day weekend and the Greenville parade was just a short walk away. Across the street was Mockingbird Station which had a lot of shopping and eateries. St. Patty's day night the adults went down to lower Greenville. The hotels driver took us in a brand new BMW!!! And earlier that day the girls had the hotel's driver take them to the mall in another plush car owned by the hotel. My car never left valet parking, we just relied on the drivers here. The pool was magnificent ..just like the pictures only better!! We were able to get in all hours of the night and there was a bachlorette party down there also..fun..fun!! Don't miss the wine reception nightly, they also have different beers available to sample. We also ate at the Trader Vics restaurant located on the property, a Tut-tut was supposed to come to our room to pick us up, but the tires were down, what a let down. The food there was good, I don't know if it was worth the $300 bill though. The consouirre was so helpful in finding things for us to do. The only problem was the smell on the 2nd night of our stay. It was caused by underground sewer that wasn't capped off, is what we were told. It will make your eyes water and you'll feel sick. We got a nice discount for our room, but I seen a lot of people checking out because of this. Overall, I loved this hotel and would go back if they fixed the sewer smell!!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Insideinfo77
<Content>Required Disclosures We travel a lot, here and abroad. This property is not yet ready for admission to the top tier. Other reviews can give you more details but a three night stay this week produced the following observations: The hotel is understaffed (as of this writing). When you attempt to deal with the front desk, there apparently is no hotel operator. So, while you are attempting to resolve an issue or gain information or just get service, the front desk attendant is constantly answering the phone. Be advised: the telephone takes precedence, not the guest being served. The front desk uniforms have been cleaned and pressed to the point where they are visibly shiny, annoyingly shiny, waaaay past the point they should have been replaced. The system used in the hotel cannot split a folio, cannot edit a folio and produces a very difficult situation if you are trying to deal with getting two bills during a stay, one business and one personal. There is no true concierge in the hotel. There are people to respond to requests but whether the request will be fulfilled is another matter. While it is clear that the staff is trying, the training and being open six months has not yet produced top-tier service and procedures. There is no visible evidence of supervisory management out and about. The parking is expensive and there are no-self park options. The hotel does not adequately inform a guest in advance that the $18 additional parking charge is not optional if you bring a car. Every time you want to drop by the hotel it's in-and-out with valets, the accompanying delays and the requisite tip, every single time. The entrance drive is exceedingly cramped and very poorly marked as you enter the property. It is just as likely you will go the wrong way to pull up under the portico as it is you will go the right way. Exiting the hotel to go any direction except east-bound requires a diversion east-bound and then attempts to make a U-turn in frequently heavy oncoming traffic. They cannot do anything about that but for some guests it might be disconcerting. The rooms are stylish, nicely decorated and have good amenities such as the Frette sheets and the very nice bathroom vanity and sink. The door to the rooms does not fit tightly and noises out of the room easily come in, and vice-versa. Beware if you are expecting privacy. A huge plus is that the in-room internet is wireless and free. Many plaudits for that. Room service was 50-50. One order worked nicely and was delicious. The other was a three-trip disaster with significant delays. First, cold coffee. Second, no milk for the cereal, third some other annoyance that has been repressed. The solitary, small croissant was sample-sized. The person taking the order on the telephone could not understand what a croissant was. Entirely unsatisfactory. Newspapers are delivered each morning in a bag hung on the door. Physically it's a good makeover of a tired old Hampton Inn. The service and management standards have not yet caught up with the designer and the construction contractor. If you can get it at a good rate, and aren't too picky about service and just thrilled to be here then you will have a good time.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>SheWhoWanders
<Content>Excellent as always! This hotel is amazing!!! The decor is outstanding, the staff are so helpful and friendly and the pool area is gorgeous! The restaurant is a little pricey, but the food and service are great. The location is so close to everything - Downtown, SMU, Mockingbird Station, etc. I was really excited this trip to realize that the hotel is across the street from the rapid transit station (DART). You can walk across the street and ride to most of the city without having to use maps and pay for parking. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone that is looking for an amazing experience. It is not very child friendly, but otherwise it is extremely welcoming (even to your pets)!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bigtex999
<Content>Very Very Nice, But Expensive Stayed one night at Palomar and was very impressed with decor and furnishings... very zen-like, minimalistic if you will. We did request a quiet room and a goldfish... but got a room on the central expressway side and no goldfish. For Non-Dallasites (we live just outside Dallas), you may want to request a room on the east side (Mockingbird Lane) which I believe are even-numbered rooms... but just wait until check-in for that... you may also have better luck getting a goldfish if you wait until check in. The view is not great but just close your drapes... I would rather have a lousy view and less traffic noise.The downside is price. We booked through perfectescapes dot com which was linked from tripadvisor, and paid 143 rather than 179 (or was it 189) that was quoted on every other website. Add to that the mandatory 18 valet parking charge, along with taxes, etc, and it came out to about 180 out the door.Well, not really out the door.... we did eat at Central 214 and be advised that drinks there will run from 10 and up. The food was very good, I got hanger steak which was a huge bargain at only 22 and very good, medium rare and tender.... wife got fish of day which i think was 28, and we shared crab cakes and grilled romaine salad (salad had a taste of gas or propane to me... I am a wood guy and they dont have a wood grill, crab cakes and fish were very good) and we got some kind of chocolate tart desert, just ok. Fairly noisy and crowded though they do have a separate room without the view of the kitchen that is less-bad. Bar is hopping with trendy single types by 8pm. About 100 including 15 tip (we did not have drinks with dinner)Also had drinks and appetizers at Trader Vics Dallas (which is just around corner and recently opened) mainly just for nostalgia purposes. Drinks were over priced and not that great (was not impressed with mai tai which they claim to have invented, as I have had mai tais all over hawaii, paid 12 for that), and had crab rangoon appetizers for 10, ok, but not great. I have heard that food in main dining is just hit or miss, but the atmosphere and ambiance is worth checking out. Get there early, like 5-6pm. About 35 including 5 tip.Back to Palomar, the staff was attentive, they have wine reception at 5pm (mostly inexepensive stuff, but not bad and free), also have free coffee and tea in morning in lobby, incredibly comfortable beds, nice LG 32 lcd with good selection of HD channels, very comfortable robes that cost 120 in event you want to take one home. There is also a nice outside lap type pool with vanishing edge and hot tub on second floor roof, also have cozy little cabana type things... it was friggin snowing on Easter in Dallas so we did not partake, but looks like fun on a warm summer evening.Also, nice shopping and restaurants across street at Mockingbird Station, weather permitting, its all outside but an easy walk. Also, if visiting Dallas, you can take DART from there to other venues like American Airlines Center, etc.Purpose of trip was for a romantic getaway with person claiming to be my wife, and to pamper her a bit and I think it worked out real nice for that. Enjoy !!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ddsandy
<Content>Nice hotel Stayed here for a night while on business. Hotel is easy to find, but parking is tight. Nice enough valet service, though.Service was great,. Wine bar at 5:00 PM was a nice touch. The atmosphere of the hotel is very zen-like, and totally relaxing.Room was ok, with two issues: hole in bedsheet and bathroom shower could use a spray of Tilex to cut down on slight mold issues. Or maybe the installation of a vent fan in the bathroom would help, as my room did not have one. Otherwise, room was clean and very comfortable.Spa was WONDERFUL. Make sure to get the discount coupon for massage! Ryan was great, and I felt totally relaxed. thanks Ryan!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>makawahi
<Content>Great Stay My husband and I stayed at the Palomar this past weekend. The hotel is easily accessible from the freeway, close to the action downtown, and SMU. We stayed in a king spa room. The jetted tub was a dream. It was large, deep, and quite relaxing. I felt like a little kid taking a bath.The bed was deliciously comfy. We loved the goose-down pillows and duvet. The flat-screen TV was a great plus, and made the Pay-per-view movie more worthwhile.We noted only 3 drawbacks with the hotel:1. The jets on the tub turned off while I was in the tub and I thought it was just a timer thing. However, half an hour later, my husband was unable to use the jets. Since we were heading out to a show, we really didn't take the time to address this with maintenance.2. The space between the end of the bed and the TV cabinet was too narrow. 3. We had issues with valet parking on our departure. It took extremely long time retrieve our car and they even brought us the wrong car on the first try.Overall, this is a great hotel and the next time we are in Dallas we plan to stay again.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>erack
<Content>Very nice My wife and I just returned home to Tulsa from a very nice weekend trip to Dallas and a stay at this newly renovated hot spot / hotel. Overall it was a very pleasent experience to be away from our cares and children for the weekend in an upscale environment. Our stay went without any major hitch and the hotel was VERY comfortable. It's a bit on the expensive side, but we were aware and had planned well in advance for the weekend.From arrival to check out every request was met graciously and attentively. When we pulled up for self park we were informed that the hotel only offers Valet. This was not a big deal on this trip but may have been if we had not budgeted for it. Valet is $18 a day and is added to your room bill upon check out. Be sure to keep a few dollars to tip the attendents, they all seem very nice and opened door and gave directions if needed. We arrived early evening on Friday and upon entering the hotel noticed a bad sulfer smell in the lobby that seemed to persist until about late-afternoon the next day when they must have finally fixed what every caused the problem. The smell was only in the lobby right off the elevator landing, and was pretty stout, it did not really bother us too much or detract from our stay, however as it was only in the lobby.The furnitings in the lobby and just outside the front door are trendy but not extreemly comfortable and give you the feeling that you have just been transported to a James Bond movie set. The seating areas in the lobby are accompanied by a gas fireplace that adds to the romantic feel of the hotel. Artwork is arranged all over the property and is tasteful and comtempo. Check in went smoothly and we arrived at our room where we found a nice amenity ( a bottle of wine and a fruit plate) due to requesting a membership in the Kimpton frequent guest program, even though this was our frist ever stay at a Kimpton Hotel. This was a very nice and friendly touch. The beds were absolutely heavenly and the lighting was really romantic. The television was a flatscreen on a swivel base and the room was larger than I expected with a nice seating area couch and wonderful king bed that was possiblly the best I've ever slept on. The room also was equiped with a goldfish friend that I had ordered per their website. My wife dubbed him Kimpton. Very, very romantic environment. I'd not necessarily recommend the hotel for children as we did not see a single youngster under 18 on the property the entire two nights stay.The pool was wonderful but we had to request towles (all were dirty) and they took a while to arrive. They don't offer poolside bar service until later into the hot season, but we thought it would be a good idea for them to offer it when tempetures reach above 75 degrees (it was an unusally warm 82 on our balmy March Saturday and the pool was lightly heated so it made for perfect swimming weather). At the pool we met several other friendly guest, many of the Kimpton employees helping out in Dallas for a short time. Some of the others at the pool went to the bar in 214 and were able to garner both food and drinks to take to the pool, so there was still an option if one was really wanting drinks, just no poolside service until summer. We also used Exhale spa and were impressed with the professionalism, facilities, and range of services offered. We felt that the massages were a bit on the pricy side, but also noted that one could basically walk in and partake of yoga, core fusion, or orther exercise classes for a much more reasonable rate of $20 per session per person. The hotel is located just a few walkable blocks away from SMU and the new Katy jog and bike trail that replaced the old Katy railroad (be careful crossing over the overpass on I-75 as the lights are confusing and the walk signs at the cross walks buttons are very slow). For bikers, the Katy has a neat new feature where you can rent bikes out of a bike vending box. My wife and I opted for a four mile jog down the trail and back and enjoyed the weather and people we met along the way. The hotel offers free bottled water and towels at the front entry for joggers and we took advantage. We were glad we did as the trial has yet to install drinking water foutains. At the end of the jog heading back to the hotel we decided to eat breakfast at La Madline at the corner of Airline and Mockingbird right next to the SMU football stadium (Ford Stadium). Nice outside seating and good food (about two blocks west of the hotel).On our second night we went to Trader Vics and were very impressed with the atmosphere and staff. Most of the employees seem very sincere and helpful. The food was hit and miss, but the atmosphere was to die for and the bar was wonderful, fun, lively, and not as crowded as I had expected on a Saturday (just right). The nightlife at the hotel is also hopping with young and trendy locals and guest alike. The only issues we had with that is that smoking seems to occur nightly in the outdoor seating area right next to the front entrance. Both or my wives parents died young of smoking related illness and I have a problem with smoking right by the entrance of such a lovely hotel, the seating area is GREAT, the smoking and huge astrays are NOT. Kimpton seems very concerned with the environment and ecology, yet smoking is MUCH more likely to kill those of us exposed to it than IS the depletion of the rainforest or the ozone layer combined. I found it intresting and ironic that such a pardiox would exist at a hotel that makes no bones about their stance on health and the environment. Sorry, just had to get that in.However, make no mistake, Overall we were VERY impressed. The staff and management are doing a fine good job at this property. Their staff is both professional and kind. Good show, keep up this property and it will be a hit for years and year to come. That will be the challange.Suggestions -1. Make the front hotel entry seating areas total smoke free and move all smokers either off property or into the courtyard area next to 214.2. Make sure to correct offensive ordors quickly, the lobby smell took about 48 hours to subside.3. Add poolside service based on all days over 75 degrees no matter what time of year.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>fquinter
<Content>Very trendy hotel My company had a two day meeting at the Palomar in Dallas. The Palomar has only been open since October and I feel they are still working out some kinks. It is a very beautiful hotel, but I feel it would geared toward a business stay rather than a family vacation. Central freeway runs right next to it, and Mockingbird runs in front, so traffic is a constant. The rooms were beautiful and the beds were extremely comfortable. Southern Methodist University is very close to this property and shops and restaurants are a short walking distance. I didn't order room service but the food provided to us during our meeting was very good. I can tell you that this property prides itself service and keeping their customers happy. I was witness to a guest trying to get their room bill fixed and the worker was did everything she could to make the situation right. She worked with enthusiasm and sencerity. All employees were friendly. The hotel also has $18 a night parking and a concierge available. There was a workout facility that had mostly treadmills and some dumbells. I did not take advantage of the spa but did see the prices and they were on the higher end of what I would pay. The pool was nice and unique, but not too big for the size of this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Newsongwalking
<Content>overpriced for what you get I was looking for a hotel close to SMU  found Hotel Palomar. We had to rebook our trip because of weather problems in January  found that the already high prices had skyrocketed! The room is a regular sized room with a good sized bathroom. The beds are wonderfully cozy  the robes are really nice. The room service was extremely expensive. The second morning we ordered breakfast  didn't receive some items, the waiter, a very nice man (a SMU student), said he would bring it right up. 45 minutes later, I called room service  they said the waiter was on his way. 1 hour later, I called again  room service said they would page the waiter. I NEVER received the item that I had ordered! The room service people never apologized or acknowledeged that they had made a mistake. I called the front desk and told them that I refused to pay for the breakfast that morning because of the delay.The bellmen are overworked. I called the bell desk  asked the to have my car ready in 15 minutes. 30 minutes later, they still had not gotten my car. By the way, when you book here, they do not tell you that there is a required fee of $18 per night to park a car. I asked them what the alternatives were, and I was told that there were none. The decor is really outstanding and comfortable. There are just some charges at this hotel that should be included with the high price of the room. Many cheaper chains have free computer usage in their business center. This hotel charges you $5.95 per 15 minutes of computer use...a picky thing, I know, but it it ridiculous considering what you are paying for. (They will bring you a yoga mat for free, if you need it, for example.)When I came back to my room in the evening on the second day, there were dirty towels  a dirty robe (I did not leave them) lying across my bed in my room. I asked the turn-down housekeeper what was going on. There were clean towels in the bathroom, but they were not lying where towels should be. The turn-down housekeeper fixed everything  said, I see this alot. Whoever cleaned the room, did not finish the job. I have stayed in many hotels across the world of all different classes. In my opinion, Hotel Palomar has all the appearance of a nice hotel, but just can't quite pull it off. If you are going for the spa that is attached to the hotel, it would be a great vacation, but be aware that the hotel sits on a busy street and you will not be in a relaxing sanctuary, as you would be with other nicer resorts.I would not stay here again because I don't feel that it is a good value for the money.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cooper12
<Content>Great Hotel Great Hotel. Reviews were right on the money. Great room decor with flat screen tv''s. The bar was happening even on monday night. Met an actor fox a top rated fox show and the head of marketing for a athletic clothing company. Had a incredible spa treatment at Exhale. I will be staying again soon.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dorkydad
<Content>Another fantastic Kimpton experience       Bathroom  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>traveledfar
<Content>Loved the Palomar   showReview(6766104, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>tarheelgirl03
<Content>Delightful and Refreshing       TV and desk  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>TanyaP
<Content>Very Chic   showReview(6612444, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>friscocat
<Content>Nice Place   showReview(6534217, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Spicey477
<Content>Fab-u-lous!       Pool area on a chilly day  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hotelgal
<Content>Beautiful Hotel - Major Service Issues   showReview(6100465, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	2	4	3	3	1	

<Author>MrMagee
<Content>Oasis in the Urban Sprawl   showReview(6052619, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	2	5	

<Author>dakota001
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(5933768, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alisa110
<Content>What a nice surprise!       Sitting Area  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

