<Author>Traveller2078
<Content>Staff aren't great This hotel is OK, if not a bit shabby, which I had already read on this site after it was booked for me. The staff I came across don't speak much English and give confusing information. And they made another guest pay a $200 deposit to borrow a phone charger! They don't seem to trust their guests.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>PineappleSkip
<Content>Great location, tiny room Stayed two nights on a business trip, selected for convenience to the venue. My experience wasn't as bad as some of the caustic reviews I saw before writing this. A reasonable place to stay in an interesting part of the city, but I'd avoid the breakfast if my experience is typical.Check in (10pm) was satisfactory, as was check out, although it was a pity I couldn't get anything in the bar or restaurant - even a coffee - when I arrived.Room was very small by Australian standards, I have seen similarly small rooms in Sydney, comparable to rooms I've stayed in in New York and Europe, but I've also seen plenty bigger rooms also. Anyway it was clean and the fittings were of good standard and condition. Had a reasonable sized bathroom. The fire escape plan of the hotel indicated that there were larger rooms in the corners of the floor I stayed in, but they weren't much larger.Hotel is located in a busy area with a lot of traffic (cnr Pier and Harbour Streets) but I didn't have any problems with noise. The room had a smallish window and ordinary view of Entertainment Centre (large indoor concert venue) over the road. On the other side would be better views over Darling Harbour.Location is good for tourists, right beside the Darling Harbour precinct adjacent to the Chinese Garden, Chinatown on the other side, Monorail station diagonally opposite and tram stop only about 200m away. This is a more convenient location to the south side of the city than other hotels in Pyrmont, although you get better views from the latter (and pay for the privelege)Breakfast was a disappointment. A queue at check in, which felt more like an airport experience than a restaurant one when the check in person seemed more interested in the computer than the diners. It was uncrowded - I'm not surprised - and I got a window with a nice view over the Chinese Garden across the road. Breakfast Buffet was a limited selection of predictable but lukewarm dishes, and it came at an excessive price. Needless to say I only ate breakfast once as you can get better and cheaper from any number of places nearby.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>CFSurrey
<Content>Avoid at all costs I stayed here for 1 week in October 2008 whilst on a business trip. I selected the hotel due to its location and booked via the Accor Asia web-site. I booked the more expensive 'Superior Garden room' specifically to get the bundled internet access.I had requested an early check-in as I was arriving at 8:30am after an overnight flight. On arrival no room was available and I was told that a room would not be available until 'late afternoon'. However, they offered me use of the pool changing (which was locked and when opened no towels were available!)At check-in later I was asked to pay in full for the whole of my stay. I had booked a flexible rate as I was not certain of my dates - not a discounted pre-pay rate. I queried the pre-payment and was then told that it was non-refundable. I refused to pay whereupon the check-in girl said it was hotel policy that all guests must pay in advance otherwise she could not give me a room! I asked to see the manager - it took 20 minutes before he appeared. He repeated the hotel policy. I showed him my Accor reservation and booking terms. He said that the hotel belonged to a different company and they had different terms to Accor group! Novotel is part of Accor but not this Novotel! Eventually after some argument he offered that I pay in advance for the first night only and could pay the balance on checkout.The 'Superior Garden room' itself was OK inside and had a wonderful view of the traffic intersection outside the hotel. I could see a couple of trees across the street above a high wall - when I queried this the front desk claimed that this was a 'view of the Chinese Garden'! Breakfast - what a disaster! Every day there was some problem or other. They did not have enough staff to cope with the number of guests. Most days there was a queue of between 10 and 20 people waiting to be seated (typically a 15-20 minute wait), despite the majority of tables being empty. One person handling all payment and billing before seating just wasn't enough. Other guests were also getting angry and complaining.The problems ranged from no cups, no hot water, no coffee, no plates, no juice, no cutlery. no milk, no fruit, etc! At A$25 for breakfast I would expect rather better service! The wireless internet included in my room rate was painfully slow. It stopped working on the 4th day of my stay. Despite assurances from the front desk that it would be fixed shortly / this evening / tomorrow it was still not working when I checked out after 7 nights. Despite daily complaints, the response to a request at check out for a reduction in the room rate to compensate was that internet access was 'complimentary' in my room rate so no refund. If I had booked a standard room internet access would cost around A$30 per day!Overall this is not the standard I expect from a Novotel (I use this chain regularly). The front desk staff were inflexible and unhelpful. Complaints were dismissed and not dealt with by the duty managers. The breakfast staff genuinely tried to be helpful but there were not enough of them. I made a written complaint to the hotel but they have chosen not to respond. You can draw your own conclusions what this hotel thinks about its customers.....  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	3	3	1	2	1	

<Author>PoosieMelbourne
<Content>Absolute rubbish!!! I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights on a business trip. I don't have any complaints about the rooms / cleanliness etc (except for the alarm clock that didn't work), but the service was what really let this place down. Ordering breakfast is usually pretty straightforward at most hotels, but not this one: apparently a new menu had just been introduced but no one knew about it - seems all of the staff missed the briefing!! Room service breakfast was late every day, including HALF AN HOUR on the final day - unthinkable!! Breakfast was undercooked - one day I ordered french toast with fresh berries and maple syrup, but instead. I got soggy, undercooked yellow bread with a berry compote and honey - go figure!!Tried to speak with staff about my experiences but generally most weren't interested. You would just get transferred from one person to another until they hung up on you. Or they would say that the duty manager would call you back, but they never did. But the piece de resistance? The phone call from reception at 11.30pm, but they had the wrong room. Urgghhh!!!Don't stay here unless you get an amazingly cheap price so you can overlook the poor service.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	3	3	2	1	2	

<Author>Stormeh
<Content>Great location but not what it used to be We used to always stay at this hotel when visiting Sydney because of its great location, friendly  helpful staff, luxurious rooms, and nice swimming pool. While the location and staff are still great and the pool can't be faulted I must say the rest of the hotel is looking rather tired and in need of a serious refurbishment. The rooms are not what most people would consider 4 star quality, I would say closer to 3.. E.g. I don't think the beds have been replaced in years, furniture looking old, carpet stained, toilet not flushing properly, etc. In addition the hotel wouldn't honour their spring special rate for any of the various dates we wanted and also wanted to charge us $24 per person for breakfast. We walked round to the lovely Blackbird Cafe for a hearty brekkie instead. Oh and the Pumphouse restaurant is no longer open for lunch, just dinner.In summary, this hotel is in a great part of Sydney down by Darling Harbour with lovely staff but in truth you should avoid paying anywhere near the rack rate because there are better 4 star hotels.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>hotelhobit
<Content>NOT WORTH MORE THANT $120 per night We booked the Club King Suite for $329. This included access to their Club Lounge. Checking in was ok. The room is small with basic amenities. The view over the chinese gardens also looks straight out over the highway (which you can hear at night). The Club Lounge should actually be called a business centre. There is a couch, some chairs, access to the internet (which you have in your room anyway) and juice in the fridge. Club lounges that I have been to in other hotels have staff that keep it clean and refreshments stocked. They servve more than just apply or orange juice (soft drinks, coffee, tea, canapes and oher refreshments. We usually stay at the radisson when we stay in the city however thought we would try somewhere new. We will not be booking anywhere other than the radisson again. We could have saved $100 and also enjoyed a more spacious and luxurious room while actually enjoying a real club lounge. Im very dissapointed and would not stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>aussiechell
<Content>Good hotel for general travel Overall the hotel is your standard 3-4 star Australian property. The hotel is located approx 200m back off the water at Darling Harbour. It is within walking distance from the monorail, train and Central station for buses to outer Sydney suburbs.We found the hotel easily used as a base to commute around Sydney travelling to outer suburbs for football matches and to the beach.The hotel is fairly basic in design, however very comfortable for a place to sleep and shower at the end of a busy touring day. We stayed on the second floor fairly close to the road, however I only remember hearing cars a couple of times during the night and I am usually a fairly light sleeper. The black out shades on the window were so good that we slept in for the first time in months! Although we didnt use them, the gym was fantastic and had a small heated lap pool alongside.Breakfast was disappointing, especially on the second day of our stay when the resturant was a bit busier. In reflection I would nnot have paid the buffet price, rather going down to one of the many resturants in the city to have a cheaper and possibly fresher breakfast. Staff members were helpful face to face, however did not assist us when we requested transport advice over the phone. This however did certainly not ruin our stay!Overall the hotel is a great place to use as an average priced base if you are going to be exploring Sydney! I would not necessarily stay if you were intending on being in the hotel room much as the view is very minimal  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>easytopleaseAsia
<Content>Great gym and location close to Sydney Chinatown Stayed at this hotel for a two day convention at the nearby Sydney Convention Centre it is indeed close to Chinatown where Chinese food can be had Convenience store can be found up the slope across the road from the hotel The view I had was of the opposite Chinese Gadens and the room was quiet except for the whizzing by sound of cars on the main road just outside the room TV selection is limited - local channels play incessantly local AFL footie games and criicket matches - two prime local Aussie preoccupations despite the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympics that i saw in this hotel room As usual mini-bar prices are exorbitant so get yout munchies from Chinatown and nearby 7-11 store up the slope across the road The entertainment centre was largely quiet when I was there - no noise pollutionHappy to note that my requests were completely acceded to - 2nd level, nonsmokingI was pleasantly surprised to discover that the indoor swimming pool and gym was in fact also on the 2nd floor and just a few doors away - making it very convenient for those who must exercise It was winter and do wear enough warm clothing The so called famous Pumphouse restaurant was too pricey for me so I skipped it - the menu and prices are stuck up on the lift wall for all to seeThe area around the Convention centre is indeed a 10 minute walk away but do bring a brolly as it can rain - there are more Western food choices around the Convention and harbour area so that might be up your alley of culinary preferencesOverall housekeeping was prompt and clean and the complimentary coffee and tea satchets were duly replenishedBreakfast was adequate for the solo business and convention traveller as I had worse before in other hotels - it is basically DIY and self serve including the coffee that uses a machine to dispense fresh ground coffeeIt is also oki for couples travelling to sight see cos they would be out of the hotel for most of the day anywayNot so family friendly esp for couples with young kids  5 yoOverall I got what I paid for and my requests were completely acceded to The unexpected bonus for me was the proximity where I could have my economical Chinese eats and the nice indoor same level gym that had a treadmill! some hotels dont haev treadmills at all but this one had - well DONE! and also no free weights which would also be potentially risky in the hands of someone mentally deranged - congrats on this nicely prudent oversight!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Misha78
<Content>OK for business - but not pleasure I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in early 2008 for a business trip to Sydney. I have stayed at many Novotels - and can only assume that the 'Rockford' label is the generic name of the branding.The hotel has all the requirements of a business hotel - is nice and clean and conveniently located in the heart of Sydney - though not (strangely for a business hotel) in the business district. This didn't bother me too much as I am a former Sydneysider anyway.The room was of a decent size - though the housekeeping left a lot to be desired. The all inclusive rates did not include car parking - so the astronomical fee for valet parking was a joke, especially considering they required 45 minutes to bring up your car!!! Being opposite the Sydney Entertainment Centre does not help the situation either - if you don't like hearing thousands of people carrying on outside your window all hours of the morning. I was (un)lucky enough to stay when the Centre was hosting an international boxing match - the two thugs in the ring were not the only ones looking out for someone to punch! On the plus side, the reception staff were extremely friendly and always smiling. This almost made up for the pricy and not very appealing buffet breakfast. I felt urged to eat and leave quickly - due to some convention being held at the hotel. Not my worst experience (by far) but not a truly memorable one either.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	3	5	2	3	

<Author>Traveller25Worcester
<Content>Good location, good hotel Stayed here on a whirl wind tour of Australia, typical business hotel. Good rooms, spacious, with all the amenties you'd expect, good minibar, good bathroom, there's a black out blind in the room which is pretty cool to get over the jetlag.Great location, you can walk anywhere in the city from here, max distance is about 25minutes to the opera house, enjoyed the walking through the city, you see things you wouldn't see normally.Staff were mostly helpful, attentive and pleasant. I found concierge good who offered me the assistance I needed. Check-in staff were friendly upon arrival and in the restaurant adajcent to the hotel (the Pumphouse), nice surroundings, lack of atmosphere but nice meals. Would recommend to my friends, but maybe I would suggest the other Novotel on Darling Harbour as that looked a slightly better location. But I would go back to this hotel for sure.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>MrHobbs
<Content>It's only been downhill to this point I virtually lived at this hotel throughout 2003 one week on one week off.The things I liked about the hotel as a facility are pretty much the same. It鈥檚 small, it鈥檚 not a tour bus drop zone and very close to all the key elements of what people (visiting) like the about the city of Sydney.So what鈥檚 happened since 2003 apart from a minor name change? What was a somewhat utilitarian feel has become cold, boring and devoid of any human warmth. From my memory of the Hotel the staff augmented its short falls, housekeeping was good and reception had friendly professional efficiency.I arrived for two nights stay in May, coming to reception at 1.30pm I was asked to wait, I sat in reception whilst they readied my room, at 3pm I approached the staff to find that the room had been completed 40 minutes earlier. Even though I was sitting 15 feet away, even my bags had been sent up, they did not inform me. Front desk staff was not exactly run off their feet in the time period so there was no excuse for the oversight. I maintain a personal view of the service industry within hotels in Sydney as being superficial, disingenuous, and almost pretentious. My recent experience in this hotel did not change my view. I walked up to the room passing a tray of food left outside the room next to mine. It was ready for pickup. On the tray was a half eaten pizza. The room itself I liked it appeared well presented and maintained this was in contrast to the corridor carpet, damaged decor and paint chipped door architraves.The room service I had later that night was on time and the quality was good. I left the room the next morning 8am, my room service food tray was still outside my door and I walked past the pizza tray still in situ from the previous afternoon Returning from work that day, about 5 pm I was surprised to see the familiar, now petrified pizza still sitting there. When I came back from dinner that night about 11pm it had finally been removed. On a bright note the 鈥減ump house鈥?bar and restaurant at the back of the facility remains as a significant jewel in the facilities crown however do not be surprised, as a paying guest you are shut out of the hotel facilities in favour of 鈥減rivate functions.鈥?/p>  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	3	2	

<Author>chan_86
<Content>WE WON'T BE BACK I myself read reviews on the internet before i decided to give this hotel a go for a holiday i had planned for my anniversary with my partner.. I thought the price was right and the location seemed perfect. .... WELL! i hope that by reading my review you will do yourself a favour and choose somewhere else to stay. The staff at this hotel are the most unhelpful bunch of people i have ever encountered. This was our first trip to Sydney and when i enquired if they had any maps of the city avaliable in the foyer or for purchase i was met with a response of  you get them elsewhere The room service/ house keeping was deplorable we went sight seeing one day and went back to the Hotel around 3pm for a rest to find our room still had not been serviced. I spoke to the concierge who assured me they would have someone do it for us if we would like to return in 45mins. We did this, went up to our room and suprise suprise still no house keeping. I was quite annoyed by now as it was almost 5 oclock. i returned to the concierge with complaint and he finally fixed the situation... 2 hours later. If you're looking for a quiet nights sleep... you wont get it at the Novotel Rockford Darling Harbour. All through the night we were woken up by the sound of doors slamming in the corridor as the room doors are quite heavy. In the mornings when house keeping were doing their rounds they were very noisy and i overheard two couples complaining. The location is good, within walking distance the Paddys Markets, Darling Harbour and the Monorail station. This is the only positive to this Hotel. Overall... very dissapointing.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	1	2	

<Author>katie8008
<Content>VERY OVER-RATED!!!!! My husband I recently stayed here for our 10th wedding anniversay. We had a very 'rare' 4 days away from our 2 children. After spending alot of time reading the reviews of all the hotels in the Darling habour area in our price range I thought the Novotel looked really nice.I was bitterly dissapointed with pretty much everything about the hotel.Firstly having been up since 3am we were hoping to check-in to our room at little early. The reception said check-in was not until 2pm and there was no way we could check -in early. The made absolutely no effort to help us. Anyway...... after an exhausting day in Sydney we came back to the hotel expecting to go straight up to our room only to be told that it still wasn't ready(2.30pm). They said there was some sort of problem with the blinds. By 3pm I was desperate to get some sleep and asked if there were any other rooms we could have. All they could offer us was a basic room (we had booked and paid for superior king with garden views) Not good enough. After waiting another hour or so we were finally taken to our room. I must say it was quite nice, good size comfotable bed. Bathroom was pretty tired, but it was fine. I must say I was expecting it to be alot nicer.We received no appology from the staff or any kind of compensation.The facilities were pretty poor too. The pool area wasn't very appealing. Was Ok at best. Same with the gym.Breakfast was Ok, selection was average for the price. On our last day we went down for breakfast at 10am, we were told they shut at 10.30am. We assumed they would have the normal selection avaliable, but alot of it was gone, and not replaced. Not even any coffee!!! They waiting staff were packing everything up at 10.20am which we felt was very rude. Very dissapointed.Room service was fine, as were selection of movies. Rooms were cleaned well. House keeping were VERY noisy outside our room at 8am most days, so don't stay here if you want a sleep-in!We had another issue which we found very frustrating. We wanted to hire a car for a day and reception were really helpful. They gave us a price list, booked the car and arranged to have it delivered to hotel. Fantastic service!! However... they asked us about what time we would be returning the car, and we said about 7-8pm. We returned back about 6.15pm, and asked them to ring the car hire place(avis) to collect the car. They informed us they closed at 6pm, and we would have to pay $30 for overnight parking!!!! We were amazed that they hadn't thought to mention to us when we booked the car. very poor customer service.Generally we both found the staff at reception rude and unhelpful. The conceirge were pretty good though.The location of this hotel is pretty good, however I think there are some that are alot better. It is about a 20 min walk to where the ferry leaves from, and alot of the resturants and bars. Much further than I had thought it would be. Not great if you had a really busy day and just wanted to get back to the hotel.I would say the location of the other Novotel is much better, also four points, Ibis, medina, crown plaza etc.And don't even bother asking for a late check out. They were going to charge us $20 per hour. They did hold our bags for us. But no rooms to change in and shower. I had to unpack my bag in the main lobby and change in the toilets.....nice!I will not be staying here again ,!st due to the terrible attitude of the staff ,2nd because of the very average facilities(would rate a 3star at best!) and lastly because I think there are other much better located hotels.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>sandymc
<Content>pretty good got to the hotel before 11am and the room was ready, very helpful reception staff, room twin bedded and very comfortable and clean, we were booked in for three nights Friday and Sunday reasonably priced but I felt Saturday at double the price was extreme, apart from that the location was good although could be a lot of noise from outside, short walk to Darling Harbour and Paddys market where there is lots of eating places being on the edge of Chinatown. good place to stay but avoid Saturday nights because of the price.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>cela_trams
<Content>Great Location, Good Hotel We stayed in the Novotel Rockford Darling Harbour hotel for 2 nights in March '08 in a Superior King room. We arrived early morning on Good Friday at the hotel, knowing that check-in was only at 11am. But the hotel had a vacant room at 8am  they allowed us to check into the room, without any extra charge. The room itself was very clean with a large bathroom / toilet, which was well maintained as well. House keeping was as expected  upto the mark. Checking out took us less than 2 minutes (matter of just handing the card keys in), since there were no other expenses to our bill. We had paid for the room in advance. We only had the room booked (no breakfast included). The best feature of this hotel is its location. Its in the heart of Darling Harbour, walking distance to the restaurants, cafes, Sydney aquarium, Paddy Market, China town  the Cockle Bay Wharf. There's no room that has a harbour view though (as told by the reception). The airport is abt a 20-min taxi ride, that costs arnd AUD 30. There are plenty of local stores, asian take-away restaurants  bottle shops closeby. The Queen Victoria building  other shopping precincts are a 15-min walk from the hotel.We paid AUD199 per night for a Superior King room (sleeps 2) and it was certainly worth it.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>DanLondon
<Content>Good location, large rooms, decent price We stayed here in Jan 08 for a few nights and were pleasantly surprised. The rooms were decently priced (booked direct through the hotel website). Our room was larger than average (although not massive) and the bathroom clean and modern. Breakfast was included in the price, and was quite decent. The bed was very comfortable. The receptionists were very helpful. The only major problem was that the queue on check out was totally crazy. it went outside the front door! That said, all in all this is a great clean hotel, with a modern business feel to it. We felt it was in an ideal location for Darling Harbour, CBD and the central train station. We would certainly return.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bad_ass_biker_babe
<Content>Fantastic Location My husband and I stayed here with friends Xmas 2005. The location is absolutelyt fabulous - it's a short and lovely walk to Darling Harbour. The hotel was usual Novotel standards - nothing special, but clean, tidy and comfortable.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>angelwingsflys
<Content>Pleasantly surprised This was a great hotel, having booked on the internet at a very cheap special wasn't expecting the greatest room , ($99)But it was wonderful , so much better than I I thought it would be. Must say it was one of the BEST rooms that I have ever stayed in.Clean ,quite, room was lovely and the bathroom HUGE and everything was spotlessly clean . All of those little extras were there .Location to Darling Harbour was perfect. Just across the road from Chinatown, which was perfect for eating out with friends.Would love to stay then again ,hope to in the future.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>treynolds37
<Content>Very nice hotel. I liked the Rockford for two major reasons. The staff was great and helped out even doing a rush job on cleaning a stained shirt. The second reason was being on the far end of the park from the harbor, very quiet and a nice walk to the harbor. The Pumphouse bar is connected to the end of the hotel, nice place for sure. The only downside was the internet access was a little expensive, something like $6.00 for 30 minutes. In the USA most hotels offer free internet access. Great acces to shops and Chinatown is just a few blocks away with some good markets, food etc.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>galaga_girl
<Content>Superb Location I stayed here for a rewards night I was attending at the Star City Casino and loved the hotel. The only downside was the noise from the nightclub downstairs.I've stayed in a few places at Darling Harbour/Haymarket but this hotel was the nicest, the bed was huge, nice views over Chinatown Gardens, close to everything. You can walk to the markets and market city, chinatown, Darling harbour and everywhere! The light rail stop is right outside and you can walk to Central Station.Check-in was a breeze and i'd definetly stay again.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>likeasharkey
<Content>Great location for seeing Sydney sites My husband and I regularly stay in Sydney on weekends away, usually prefering to stay in five star hotels on the waterfront. However, given that this time we were going to spend more time out of the hotel than in it, we decided to try the Novotel Rockford. We were not disappointed. Although only what I would class a basic three and a half to four star hotel (when you are used to the luxury with all the mod cons), you can't beat it for the price offered. Fantastic, (in fact perfect), location. About a five minute walk to all the restaurants Darling Harbour has to offer, three minute walk to Chinatown and Market City and about ten minute walk to QVB, World Square and Pitt Street Mall for further shopping. Directly opposite Entertainment Centre if going to the basketball (infact the basketballers were staying in the same hotel!) or similar event and also directly opposite monorail station. Rooms were on the small and basic side, but fairly clean. Bathrooms were quite large given the room size, not complaining. Water pressure of shower was good. Had a room facing the Entertainment Centre and was a little wary that it might be noisy, but was actually much quieter than our own room at home so slept right through!Breakfast is the usual buffet fair offered by nearly every other hotel, but still very good, fresh and constantly restocked with fresh cooking. There are plenty of nice cafes in Darling Harbour catering for breakfast also.Staff were all good and polite, check in and out was quick and painless.Only problems I would say were very minor, but worth mentioning so that people are aware. The lifts were slow and fairly inadequate for the volume of people who were staying in the hotel. Very noisy doors to hotel rooms when being opened and closed in the wee small hours of the night or morning, so be aware you may be awoken by this, but this happens in a lot of hotels! Parking is not directly adjacent or underneath hotel, which means you have to drive to the hotel, unload luggage, then drive to the parking and walk back, but easy to navigate too and not a far walk at all.Would definantly recommend this hotel to any travelers who are in Sydney to see the sights and not the inside of a luxury hotel.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>wnethercott
<Content>great stay and a excellent location The name may have changed but the quality of the stay remained . An excellent location being walking distance to Darling Harbour shopping and attractions, Chinatown and the market. Also by the convention centre and a red bus stop. The rooms are clean, quiet and the service is great. Breakfast is a little on the pricy side, but there are lots of choices not far from the hotel. The area is well lit for evening walking to the pubs and other entertainment. Good value and price for the big city stay.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mellowbone
<Content>Just normal! Stayed from 24 - 28 Sep. We chose it because it was conveniently located near the convention hall and Chinatown. Was staying on level 4 .The room wasn't as new as my colleague who was staying on level 7. As a business traveller, I am expecting the wireless internet to work well. To my disappointment, internet connectivity was very slow. To make it worst, I did not even have a proper writing desk inside my room which made answering of emails a tedious chore!!! I stayed in other hotels in Sydney before. Therefore, this hotel is certainly not my choice when I return to Sydney for work again!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	3	3	3	1	

<Author>AussieChicKy
<Content>Great place We decided to prolong our holiday after our cruise by spending 2 days and a night in Sydney. Not knowing Sydney at all, after much searching online we found this hotel at $169 for the night including breakfast. Check in was officially 2pm, but when we arrived at just after 11am we were told our room was ready. We were quite tired, so it was a big relief to know we didn鈥檛 have to wander the streets looking for a place to nap! The gentleman checking us in was efficient and so polite.The room was a fantastic size 鈥?and the bathroom was great. There was a temperature and light control panel inside the front door that was incredibly easy to use. We switched the lights on from that panel and then when it was time for bed just turned off the lamps above the bed.The king size bed was very comfortable. We were on the second floor so we could hear the traffic just outside (we were facing a major road), which could be a problem if you are a really light sleeper like me, but I just popped in an earplug before falling asleep and it was completely fine. Breakfast was decent, typical cereals/fruit/muffins/pastries/hot food. Location is absolutely perfect! A minute鈥檚 walk to Darling Harbour and Chinatown, where we had dinner, Paddy鈥檚 Market where we went for a wander, and the next day it was a great starting point to see the sights. We were able to leave our entire luggage at the hotel all day until we could pick it up on the way to the airport that night. When we returned, the concierge went up to the street to get us a taxi and we were on our way. If we go back to Sydney anytime soon we will definitely be staying here. It is a comfortable hotel that seems to be close to everything. Highly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>tangojo
<Content>A1 Location  I chose the hotel due to it's location. Being near the Convention Centre was perfect as I had a business convention to attend there.I was pleasantly surprised at how conveniently located everything was.The rooms were fairly large and spacious - particularly the bathrooms.Check in was EXCELLENT. Arrived early morning and had booked 3 room as I was travelling with a small group. Rooms were all ready, keys allocated and the rooms all next to each other.No complaints at all, it suited all my needs down to the ground. If I was to comment on one thing it would be the lack of drop off area (taxis and such), it's a bit small and sometimes a little congested. All in all a great place to stay and will be booking here again for my next business convention.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>AussieJohn
<Content>Great Value  Stayed here for two nights on a Thursday  Friday. Very good service on check-in and checkout, nice room very clean and very quiet despite being directly opposite the Entertainment Centre and Chinatown.I was attending a trade show at the Conference Centre and the location was excellent for this and made it very easy to return to our room during the day. Also nice location for lots of touristy sites.I booked through the Accor/Novotel website  their prices were cheaper or the same as the late booking sites but included breakfast buffet (which was very nice) for both days which Wotif etc didn't.I notice another reviewer commented on the odd light switch situation. There is one switch near the door that turns on all of the lights in the room and the bathroom and no other obvious switches in either bed or bathroom so it seems you have to turn on every light during the night. There is however a full set of switches in the bedroom that control all of the lights including the bathroom. Ours were hidden away in behind the TV and you really had to search for them and then reach in behind the TV to use them. No real drama but a bit odd.Overall though a very nice hotel in a great location.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>jackko1234
<Content>nothing to dislike when we got to the hotel in sydney we were quite tired after fly late from melbourne, we thought it could be a nightmere. but it wasnt we were served quickly at the front desk and were in our rooms by 20 mins on arrival. then when we entered are rooms the first thing i could see is the amazing skyline of sydney harbour! Fantastic! the rooms were very spacious with nice cossy beds.with good television selection with films , documentries etc....... the bathrooms were again spacious and there shower was top quillity. the only problem was the people i came with were not happy with the room as theres was facing other buildings. so do make sure you have a harbour side view. when we went it was new year and the views of the fireworks were outstanding and the party provided by the hotel was fantastic. would go again fantastic!! remember to get the view!!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Tas-wanderer
<Content>Close to Darling Harbour- near the Chinese Gardens       Footbridge across Darling Harbour  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>firebucket
<Content>Above Average We stayed at the Rockford for a long weekend in May, 07 due to it's proximity to a friends wedding. We found the Darling Harbour location great, with it being an easy walk to the George Street cinema precinct and Chinatown eateries.Check-in was ok - interestingly they requested full payment up front prior to seeing the room. This turned out well though as the room was nice, clean, modern and bright. We did pay extra for a superior chinese garden view room and I was left wondering why we bothered. They look very similar to the standard rooms and the only difference I could see was the plasma TV's  bigger windows. The view of the Chinese Gardens was very average indeed. This is a solid 4 * hotel with a small lap pool and adequate gym area. There is a restaurant in the hotel which we did not try. The attached bar Pumphouse was quite nice albeit expensive. We did not find any problem with the road noise and although there was some, the room appeared to be quite well insulated. All in all I would recommend the Novotel Rockford for a short, decent  central stay in Sydney. I wouldn't pay $200 a night, although for closer to $150 it presents good value in Sydney.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>weneedaholiday
<Content>Great hotel, excellent rates, loved it!!!!!! After looking at these reviews, i was a little worried that this hotel would be dated and not very nice...but as we were on a budget and sydney hotels around darling harbour are generally expensive...we got a really good deal through the accor hotel site at 135.00 (new zealand dollars) per night per room...this was a non changeble rate...Well what a wonderful suprise when we got there, had a lovely room on the 8th floor, which was roomy ,clean and modern with a king size bed, a plasma tv and a nice big bathroom...we couldnt have asked for betterThe staff were really friendly helpful, with a smile and a greeting whenever we entered or leftthe hotel had a gym and indoor swimming pool which we didnt use but had a look at) a restaurant and a bar...we even got free drinks on the last nightlocation was excellent within 2 mins walk of both the paddys market light rail and china town monorail( taking you around the city and all major attractions and to the star city casino and sydney fish market and also cental train station on the other side) We got a family pass on the mono rail and light rail for $50.00 (2 ppl)for 3 days 24 hours unlimited rides (at 4.50 per ride per person this was great value)the hotel was also in walking distance of the central city, sydney tower and oztrek, sydney aquarium, darling harbour, maritime musieum, powerhouse musieum, chinatown, convention center and exhibition centeroverall in an expensive city like sydney this hotel was really good value for money and we had no complaints...we are pretty easy going...but reading some of these reviews i cant belive they are talking about the same hotel  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Truth000
<Content>Rock On Rockford! The Novotel Rockford at Darling Harbour is a great little boutique hotel which is surprisingly quiet, considering its near the entertainment centre!!Modern and clean this hotel is a great alternative to staying on the shores of Darling Harbour. Close to the chinese gardens, china town, the entertainment centre and convention centres. At around $200 an night, the hotel is comfortable and stylish. The only flaw is parking - there isn't any! You have to park at the convention/entertainment centre parking and walk..which is not nice if you are carrying heavy luggage or equipment. There is no offer of a concierge to do it for you either!!However, a nice place and worth a stay if you want to be out of the way in Sydney....  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Allymal
<Content>Quite fine for a City Hotel We found the Hotel just fine. The rooms werent large but they were comfy and very clean. The hotel is beside a busy multi lane road but this was not a problem - we live where there is no traffic and it didnt bother us at all. The concierge and check in staff were really helpful and nice but the girls serving at breakfast were very rude and unhelpful. This is more of an over nighter for business people or for just a quick stop over. Very nice and handy to everything.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>Andy_Easom
<Content>Location,Location Seven night stay. Liked the room if a little plain. Location superb for all of Sydney in particular Darling Harbour and surrounding area.Pool area very poor. Nowhere really to relax.Pumphouse Bar which is part of the hotel is fine for early drinks but don't go late on ie 10.30 onwards as we did expecting to be served as they were closing up. Now in my experience i would have thought a hotel bar should be available to residents and guests for nigh on 24 hrs and as people are arriving and leaving all the time this is what you should expect i think.Another point about our room was the traffic noise. Very busy road below and the glazing appeared inadequate to cope with the volume of traffic.Next to the hotel is the Entertainment Centre and we felt honoured to get tickets for Kylie's comback tour. So check as you book to see if there are any top acts on whilst you are there.Didn't take breakfast or any meals so cannot pass comment.Also could do with another lift. Whilst we were there one of the two lifts was out of action for three days at least.Tried to take the stairs but couldn't gain access to floor where pool is situated.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Ryleeh
<Content>Good location and value We had a very pleasant overnight stay at this hotel on 23/11/2006.Now reading all these horrible reviews, I wonder whether they have improved since then as we had no (major) complaints.We booked on Wotif for $258 a week beforehand.Check-in was fast and easy. We had booked a package over looking the Chinese Gardens (so tranquil looking, we decided to pay to go in and have a look next day). Champagne on arrival was part of the package as was a buffet breakfast. No mention of the champagne at check in, and not in the room. So I had to ring to organise it - you actually have to order it when you want. Had to also enquire about the times and location of breakfast. Room was colourful and modern with a great sized LCD or plasma TV. Bathroom was white and bright and a medium size. King size bed - very comfortable as were the pillows.Buffet breakfast was good - lots of selections of pastries, eggs, hashbrowns, sausages, cereals, fruit and juices etc etc. The only gripe I had with this hotel is the cheap Tiffany brand iron that leaked water and wrecked my pair of $149 pants! Not happy!I booked this hotel for it's handy location to the party we went to at Darling Harbour. Parking at the Enteratinment Centre was $20 for 24 hours for guests, instead of $25. I thought it was good value, and we definitely would stay there again if we have another big night out at Darling Harbour.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Redforde17
<Content>Good Stay We chose to stay at the Novotel Rockford due to its location in Darling Harbour and the reasonable price. Coming from Perth we found many of the Sydney hotels very expensive and the Novotel offered a reasonable rate at a reasonable hotel. Location was great - short walk to Darling Harbour and just across the road from Chinatown. The rooms were comfortable and clean and serviced daily. All our requests were put through as we had booked four rooms. The only thing that bothered us about the Novotel was some of the front office staff, they weren't particularly friendly, one front office manager in particular. On the other hand the front office girl in training was lovely along with the housekeeping ladies. I had read some of the reviews before going and was a little concerned that I would have a bad experience too however my experience was pretty good. If you want a good room, great location and at a reasonable price for Sydney I would stay here.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	2	3	2	

<Author>georgieboy
<Content>Nothing special here Stayed here 11-14 Sep. Reception very impersonal but efficient with a bowl of apples to help youself from. Five minute walk from Darling Harbour and Entertainment Centre, Arts Centre opposite, Monorail five minute walk, Circular Quay a good half hour walk. Room quiet, on 5th floor above main entrance. However, there was a dried crusty stain on the carpet and the pillows were disgustingly stained. We left a note for the cleaner but they just ignored our request for clean pillows so rang reception in the evening and the manager said he would come and sort it out while we were out to dinner. Yes the crusty stain had been removed but the stained pillows were back in the pillowcases again! Have e-mailed the company since we have been home and they explained that they are supposed to be updating the pillows and our room had'nt been done yet. They have offered us a free upgrade next time we stay, but as this was a once in a lifetime trip, that won't be an option.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>kazkap
<Content>Avoid!!!!Beware!!!! I booked a room in March to stay in Sept whilst going to see the Boy from Oz. A week before the stay I rang to confirm, only to be told that there was no booking under my name and sorry the hotel was fully booked and there was nothing that they could do to help me-I had lost the confirmation number which didn't help.Annoyed I rang accor direct and they managed to find my booking. So off we went. Room was very dirty, a lot of dust along the skirting boards centimetres thick. Stains down the wall under the window. I had a shower only to open the towel and find a massive hole in it, very worn. After our stay I received my credit card statement only to find that they had charged me twice. On checking this it was found that they had booked me into two rooms, although I had only requested one. So I went from one booking to no booking to two bookings???? Very strange. I am now waiting for them to credit me the amount of the second room they had charged to me without my consent. The only positive thing this hotel has going for it is it's proximity to the Entertainment Centre, it is basically on the door step. We were very disappointed, I had read the previous reviews and had thought Oh well it is only for one night, never again!!!!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	4	2	-1	

<Author>smith.expo
<Content>Never stay there again, waste of money and time This hotel was a huge disappointment. No staff when we arrived, there was one staff member at reception and no concierge to help us with the bags, people waiting to be served slow slow slow. In the rooms noise from the traffic and music outside was unbearable. This hotel was without a doubt the worst place I have ever stayed in, in my life.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	5	2	1	3	1	

<Author>Pyrodog
<Content>What a rip off! Where do I begin?Picked the hotel becuase my partner and I were off to a show right next door and chose it for convenience. I think that is where the good experience ended.Arrived late in the afternoon, approximately 5pm, and were unable to check in as the room was not cleaned. Got in half an hour later which wasn't too bad, some people waited longer.We were advised that the hotel was quite busy that weekend and it may be a good idea not to use the hotels restaurant for dinner or breakfast as it would be too busy, and instead of checking out at 11am the next day, could we do it earlier to avoid the rush, otherwise we may be billed for another night.The room was fine and the mattress was nice, however the bed was not made properly with the bottom sheet only covering the top half of the mattress.The cables for the television were all unplugged and left hanging out of the cupboards. Didn't take much to put it all together, but did seem odd.The bathroom was spacious but had lights blown and a couple of cracked tiles, and there didn't seem to be a way to just turn on some lights without turning on all the lights in the room, just in case you needed to get up through the night without waking the other half.Checkout was relatively painless, however the hotels custom seems to be one of paying as you leave instead of when you arrive. This being the case, there was excess delay at checkout as everyone had to process payments instead of just returning the keys/cards and declaring any mini-bar attacks.My partner and I had a discount card for this hotel chain, and even with the discount it certainly was not good value for money. There are much better places to stay in Sydney which are more affordable and better value for money.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Kirikiri
<Content>Not very good Stayed here for 5 nights in July 2006. Our travel agent booked us in.We arrived at about 7.30 am and got our room right away. No problems there. On first glance it looked very well. Some of the staff were helpful, others were not. They were probably all doing their best, but there were quite a few glitches:- On day 3 the maid removed 2 big towels and returned 1. I had to go fetch a towel for myself.- I noticed some green stuff in the cornflakes container at breakfast. The waiter just scopped the green stuff out, in front of me, instead of taking the container away, throwing everything out and replacing it with fresh cornflakes.- Our used room service tray was sitting in the corridor outside our room for a whole afternoon, without anyone picking it up.- There was a nice swimming pool, but usually no towels. Or rather, someone had used the first 5 towels, and we had to call reception to get some new ones. Two mornings in a row.- The night clerk didn't know how to log into Windows on the two internet computers in the lobby. Some other guest must have logged out of windows, not only the browser. He had no idea on what to do about it, and didn't check if there was any information available for the staff either.- One morning, a tile fell out of the elevator ceiling and on to my foot. When my husband notified one of the staff at the reception desk, the staff member asked if they should call maintainance... Fortunately, the General Manager was a bit better at customer service, and asked if I needed ice and a doctor. The next General Manager on duty called our room and asked if everything was OK.- One of the staff members in charge of organizing rental cars messed up our reservation by not following Avis's rules. We did eventually get the car, but the whole rental car procedure seemed to be very confusing for a lot of staff members.All in all some things were good, but a few more were really bad. I wouldn't recomend anyone staying there, and am going to tell my travel agent about our stay.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	2	1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worse Hotel I ever stay Very poor service, our belonging missing after room service, poor attitude from hotel manager, be prepared and be warn for losing your belonging and never see them again. Bad experience in Sydney, the Sydney airport is just as bad, custom officer cannot even speak proper English and be prepared for bias Random Security Check.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worst hotel arrived at hotel 4/3/6 we bookec in to find that our son was not booked in which ended up our 9 year old was on a roll up bed for 3 weeks, we had originally booked a triple room but were informed that they dont do triple rooms so we had a roll up bed for the duration of our stay. with having a exra bed in a double room left no space at all so if we had room service we had to sit on our beds not at the table in room as no space(i would not recomend room serveice as orders mixed up a lot and not that nice) the cleanliness of the room was very poor dirty marks on walls a big dirty stain on the carpet outside our room the vents in room were filthy and u could wright your name in dust on window ledges and tv when we got there and was not properly claned while we were there we ended up doing it ourselves the curtains had a few rips in. In my opinion the hotel was not up to a standard that was advertised in brochure as it looked clean and spacious but it was dirty and cramped so my advice if u are going to book there is DONT GO ELSEWHERE  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Really thought this hotel was a huge disappointment. Staff were unhelpful. When we arrived, there was no one at reception. No atmosphere. Rooms were tiny and the noise from the traffic outside was unbearable. There was renovations being done while we were there. we were told that it would not affect us as we were staying on a different floor however, there was dust and smell of paint everywhere. The rooms were clean but I would definitely not stay here again.Also, why is it allowed to be called the Novotel Rockford Darling Harbour ??? There is NO view of Darling harbour.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>hellwolf
<Content>I don't think I'd stay here again. The hotel itself and the rooms are very nice.Even though we asked for a non-smoking room we were put in a smoking room. We had to call reception to get some towels sent up as the room didn't have any apart from the hand towels. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to get a good night's sleep, our room was on the third floor over the multi-lane road below. I found that the noise insulation was non-existant or inadequate as I had a very poor night's sleep due to the traffic below. On checking out, the staff member was a trainee and didn't know how to process our checkout since we had prepaid our stay. I then had to make several phone calls to get my frequent flyer points credited for this stay.I must say that I did fill in the feedback form and I received a call from the hotel, however they didn't offer anything except saying that they were grateful for my feedback.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>bprawn
<Content>OK but nothing special Stayed here over New Year 2004 (OK, so I'm a little late in posting!).I would tend to agree with the comments - it is an OK hotel but nothing special. I was not too bothered by the noise from the main junction but I was there over the holidays so it was probably quieter - I suspect that on a busy work day it could be a bit loud.We didn't reallty use the facilities but the Pump House looked OK although constantly busy. I found the location a bit of a pain (the far end of Darling Harbour) only because all the excursions I had booked (and the NYE restaurant) were at the Rocks or Circular Quay, a good 20 min - 1/2 hour walk away. I should have known better though as I used to live there - serves me right! It was great to be so near the monorail though and using that takes 10 mins or so off the walk - great on a hot summer day.Worth mentioning that our taxi driver also took us to the wrong Novotel!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>emjun
<Content>Not worth the 4 stars!   showReview(3559126, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Basic - nothing more, nothing less   showReview(3293534, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>European Style-rooms - Great Staff   showReview(3193565, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>who is this hotel for?   showReview(3175045, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good and Bad   showReview(1772958, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Treated like family   showReview(1662828, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quanta vacation hotel   showReview(1517818, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chickpeas
<Content>Disappointing   showReview(1493086, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location good, hotel average.   showReview(1229977, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2003
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Philipau
<Content>Modern boxes   showReview(1034865, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

