<Author>Jesuisunfamilyman
<Content>Relaxing...but oh so expensive All you could ask from a business hotel. Large room, large bathroom, quality service etc but you really do have to pay for it.A burger and Coke came to 41 GBP and the Kit Kat from the mini bar was 7GBP. I know the pound has plummeted but that's expensive even with the company's money!All else made for a relaxing trip....  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>S&ALLondon
<Content>Good location Despite the fact that we asked for a higher floor room, at the end of the corridor away from the lifts, we were located right next to the room service on 5th floor, room 548. Although the room was very good, we had 2 nights of disturbed sleep. Consequently we moved on 3rd night but we really should have complained before. We were then moved to room 582 which was fine.The room itself was very good, well equipped with double sink, separate toilet, big heavenly bed, desk area, ironing board/iron, large double wardrobe and tastefully decorated. We had a room overlooking the courtyard which was better for us as it didn't have the added traffic noise that some of the rooms have.The location is great (near to most of the museums), hotel overall is very good although quite expensive for what it is. Breakfast is excellent which we had included in our rate.The staff were very good and attentive, despite the surly check-in guy. They do speak English although a little Spanish goes a long way.As for Madrid itself, lovely city and all walkable. Would have been better if it hadn't of rained for the whole 3 days, that's not the Wesin's fault though!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>Marie Jonathan
<Content>Lavish Hotel - Great Location We stayed at the Westin Palace Hotel in Madrid from December 5th to December 8th. We booked the room through Hotwire for 125.00 Euros per night. Upon checking in, we were informed that we were not entitled to a room with either a king size bed or two twin beds. We therefore had to pay an additional 50.00 Euros per night in order to get a room that had two beds. Our total price paid was 175.00 Euros per night and we were booked into an Executive Room.Our large room looked out over the traffic circle and fountain at Plaza Canovas del Castillo. It was very clean and in very good condition. The beds were extremely comfortable and had very nice sheets and down comforters. The bath room had a very nice shower with three shower heads to choose from, but there was no bath tub. During our entire vacation, this was the only hotel room that was nicer than our bedroom at home. That was important to us.The public spaces within the hotel are gorgeous. (However, please note that at the time we stayed there they we having a photo exhibit that feature photos taken within the hotel. While all of the photos well done and very tasteful, they all featured either partial or full frontal female nudity. That may or may not be an issue for you if you have kids in tow.)We arrived by car during the busy Friday afternoon commute. The doorman was very understanding and accommodating at our arrival. He allowed us to parking our car in the main drive way for over 10 minutes while we checked in.The hotel is in a perfect location. We did not have to take a taxi the entire time we were in Madrid because this hotel is within walking distance of everything that one would want to visit.Our only complaints were the following:The price of the food in the hotel restaurant as well as room service was the highest we have ever seen in our entire life. $25 for an ala carte hot dog is just simply outrageous. $43 for a continental breakfast is not justified. (Just around the corner and within the same building is the VIP Caf茅 that serves an entire meal for two with a bottle of wine for less than $50.)The staff of the hotel concierge needs to have some training in customer service. I am not sure of the reason, but they were curt in every interaction that we had with them.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>robw48
<Content>Expensive but absolutely top class Stayed here for 4 nights in a regular room double occupancy. Absolutely top class hotel with extremely high standards of housekeeping and attention. Staff are helpful and totally efficient without at any time being condescending or distant.The central lobby - the Rotunda - is a great place to watch the world go by - a big space but oddly , you feel as if you have a personal area to yourself.Room service is both swift and accurate.Rooms themselves are well furnished and comfortable with a lot more space than in most hotelsVery convenient for the main galleries and the city centreThe hotel is not cheap but here you definitely get what you pay for  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dal-n-lana
<Content>Excellent Location! Nice Hotel.       Hotel Exterior  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	-1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>gig11
<Content>ok hotel Just spend 5 days at the Palace in Madrid. During the day there was hammering from construction, which was a nuisance. Insulation of the walls is bad, one can hear the next room neighbours talk (or the TV sound). I got a Premium Room through the Starwood Member Program, but since this room was located at the 6th floor with rather small windows (seemingly all rooms on that floor have these window sizes), I asked to be downgraded to a Deluxe Room. I then received a room with a beautiful bay window and plenty of daylight on the 1st floor. This room was not renovated (the other was), but I preferred it and the difference to the renovated room was also marginal. Long corridors. Ask for a room close to the elevator. Not enough light for reading in bed, lamps on nightstands are not bright enough. Two lamps in the closet were broken and I asked for a repair, but that never happened although it was promised right away. When I arrived, I saw, that there were two lightbulbs broken in the chandelier in the main lobby. These were still broken, when I left.Water pressure in the shower is not constant, it gets stronger and weaker in intervals.Breakfast was ok. The offerings overall were, what can be expected from a better hotel. Good service. Cheerful and most helpful concierges. Location is good, if you want to go to the Prado, Reina Sofia or Thyssen museums. The good days from the Palace are over. Now it juggles unsuccessfully conventioneers with aspirations for fabulousness.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>malcovemagnesia
<Content>In the middle of it all, but hold onto your wallet!       nicely sized fitness room, a little stuffy though  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>orleyfarm
<Content>Excellent service during our stay We stayed here fom October 29th to November 3rd in a lovely very spacious junior suite on the renovated 6th floor.The concierge staff couldn't have been nicer or more helpful, especially Aurelia, Ricardo, and Eline. We were Starwood guests on points. We highly recommend staying at the Palace and would love to return, especially if we didn't have to pay over 800 euros to do so. We ate breakfast out nearby, including VIPs around the corner, next to Starbucks. I preferred places in Santa Anna square or on way up the hill there. Also went there for Tapas. Prado is practically across the street. There is a wonderful carillon next door which plays frequently, looks old, but apparently, not.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GoLo
<Content>Perfect Location The location is perfect. Walking distance to everywhere.The staff was very helpful. Ask for a renovated room. I鈥檝e stayed on the 4th floor in a renovated room and everything was just prefect. The Gym is nice and open 24 hours. You can definitely impress locals by staying you are staying at the Palace Hotel..  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ingerasti
<Content>beautiful building The main attraction points are the location and the very nice building, entrance hall,bar,and so on.It is focusing on business clients, without any personal touch. Rooms are standard,ok but no immagination. You could be in whatever city ot the world. Rates are expensive but normal for the quality you get. Very good breakfast and friendly staff. WI-FI is not for free, which is totally not acceptable for the price that you pay for the room. In all the other hotels we stayed in Spain, internet access was for free! Also no car park; close to the hotel is a public car park, but you pay 27 euro a day.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	1	

<Author>tantetravels
<Content>Westin Palace, Madrid - Delightful hotel!       Westin Palace Hotel, Madrid  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>zwgc2
<Content>Fantastic stay! Having stayed at the rather pleasant Alfonso XIII in Seville two days ago, my family and I were equally happy during our stay here. We booked an Executive Suite--very spacious with--finally a plasma TV in the living room!! Quality bedding and excellent view!The only criticism of the room is the poor quality of woodwork--closets, door locks were poorly maintain and we all really struggled to get in and out of the bathroom every single time! Concierge was very helpful and always fully staffed.The restaurant--La Rotonda--simply fantastic! We had an Opera Brunch on Sunday, truly amazing experience!Overall a very nice stay here and will definitely stay here again!N.B. The room service menu is severely over priced---we were charged 30 euros just for a club sandwich!Also Westin charges 170 Euros for a 50 minute in-room spa--what a rip off!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>punit
<Content>Wonderful Palace, service even better!!!! It was a chance decision to go to Madrid for a vacation and more over to stay at the Palace Hotel, as it is popularly known as locally --- but what an amazing experience we had for 5 days and nights there!!! Everything was absolutely top class and we were upgraded to an Executive Suite overlooking the Prado museum fountain roundabout. As I had got a great deal on the price, it was even more enjoyable!!! The breakfast was really something to look forward to every morning --- the staff was so efficient that sometimes they even removed the plates while you left your table to pick up a toast!!!! we were using at least 6 plates per person on an average and at times felt that it was a bit of a waste as it means so much more cleaning and washing of crockery and cutlery ---- but luxury is not to be compromised!!!The rooms were very nice --- a great fusion of modern facilities and old world charm --- one odd tile of the marble did click under the foot though but barring that everything was simply top drawer, specially the night service where they even kept a card about the next day's weather forecast and temperatures!!!Well done and keep it up!! Ole Ole Bravo!!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>final_destination
<Content>Especially if you are an art fan, stay here! I really loved this hotel...primarily because of its location. If you are an art fan, as am I, I wouldn't recommend staying anywhere else. You can get to any of the golden art triangle hotels in 5 minutes by walking. Plaza Mayor  Puerta del Sol was about a 10 minute walk and the Palacio Real was maybe another 10 minutes. I didn't use transportation at all while in Madrid, as the hotel was so well located that I was very easily able to walk wherever I needed to go, particularly the tourist attractions. We had reached there very early in the morning and the staff was incredibly helpful in ensuring that we were able to get a room. Of course, being a Starwood Preferred, I am sure that helped expedite the process. The concierge was really good in providing us any information we needed, making restaurant reservations and getting us travel service when we needed it. The only downside was that the beds were a little too soft and room service is a total ripoff (even though it was pretty good!)...but the room was a really nice size and the place was very clean. I would stay here again and I really recommend it...As an added bonus for those caffeine fiends, there is a Starbucks right around the corner. :)  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>He's Anonymous
<Content>We Loved the Palace Grand hotel with large, well-appointed room and impeccable service. Location can't be beat, just across street from the Thyssen Museum and very close to the Prado and Reina Sofia. On the opposite side of the hotel from the museums are the narrow streets of old Madrid filled with reasonably priced tapas bars and restaurants.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>klward25
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel While in the taxi cab from the airport, the driver told us that this was the best hotel in Madrid, and he was not exaggerating. Rooms are large, exceptionally clean, and beautifully decorated. The hotel is rated at five stars, and it is on par with luxury hotels around the world.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>sptl
<Content>Great Old Dame I have been in Madrid several times before, I have stayed in many hotels there but none compare to the Palace! It is ideally located next to Madrid's main museums. Its service couldn't be better, the concierge can get you a reservation wherever you want, everyone is willing to help to make your stay the best possible. I also recommend a lot the hotels breakfast, it is simply amazing!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>admg1963
<Content>Excellent Spent 3 nights here at the beginning of August. Found the hotel to be excellenty situated, and very good value (got a great rate through an independent website). Despite that, our SPG card earned us an upgrade. Rooms were well furnished, and the bathroom featured double sinks. Our rate included breakfast which we found to be very good - plenty of choice and of good quality. Beware the hotel bar is very expensive, but that wasn't unexpected and there are plenty of other options nearby (we were to tired and hot to go any further one afternoon). Definitely recommended as a base for a short break visit.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Maast
<Content>Great location, nice hotel, disappointing rooms and service Very big hotel, conveniently located in the heart of Madrid, very close to the Royal palace. Lobby looks good, restaurant/breakfast area, corridors and all open areas look great.However the rooms are slightly old fashioned for this hotel category, with used and dirty furniture (suspicious stains on the chairs... dirty windows...).Two nights after arriving, I've been upgraded to an Executive room (SPG Gold), and to be very honest I couldn't see any single difference with my previous room that was two categories below, except a better view, which is a bit disappointing (particularly if you paid for this room type!)The service is the bad part:-systematically 10/15 minutes wait at the reception and concierge, only 1 person usually at the reception and 1 concierge only for a huge hotel! (there is a SPG Gold/Plat desk but nobody behind it)- Limited services (no proper chauffeur service from/to airport, limited and overpriced night room service menu)- Staff not very friendly- Overpriced minibar and internet (mineral water 9鈧? 1h internet 13鈧?!)So basically a good looking hotel, but low value ratio for service/room.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	1	2	3	

<Author>tradiggah
<Content>Westin went above and beyond A friend and I just got back from a 3 night stay in the Westin Palace in Madrid. Unfortunately the last 2 days I came down with an intestinal infection. The concierge brought an English-speaking doctor to our room (after we had checked out already) and even got us a taxi while we went to the pharmacy. Their service was wonderful and I was very impressed.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>scrsteve27
<Content>A little dissapointed The hotel really is overrated and overpriced.The room was 鈥榝ine,鈥?nothing more, nothing less, I had a 鈥榩remium鈥?room and certainly the prices were certainly 鈥榩remium鈥?at $400.00 a night.Furniture, although dated was kept clean and dusted, the fixtures and fittings are certainly dated.The carpets were stained, and in the communal hallways the wallpaper was coming away from the wall.There are no welcoming flowers, fruit or anything in the room to welcome you as a new guest, there is no night turndown service, so be warned, if you have a shower or bath in the morning, do not expect any clean towels for you in the morning. There was no bath gels in the room, just cheap shampoo and conditioner and a bar of wrapped soap which was not replaced throughout our 5 day stay.The prices of everything were very inflated, do not even think of taking anything from the minibar! For example a Kit Kat was almost $12.00, a small bottle of water the same price.There is no wifi in the room, only in the hotel lobby and at a cost of $28.00 for the day.The television only had CNN and Euronews for English speaking channels, you have to pay $12 to listen to a CD which will be played through the speaker system of the rather antiquated television. We were there when there happened to be some 鈥榁IP鈥檚鈥?staying, which meant that the public seating areas were sealed off and only to be used for the security staff..The breakfast buffet was nothing out of the ordinairy, lots of cellophane wrapped individual portions of cheese and butter and yoghurts, if you are lucky you may find some greasy bacon, but you need to be early to get it. The bathrobes were grey and well worn, the bath amenities were of inferior standard.The ceiling in the toilet had an old cobweb with its dead owner still in it.The staff were friendly and helpful, but unfortunately the surroundings that they had to work in certainly had seen better days.Some days you get a newspaper left outside your room, some days you do not.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	4	3	1	

<Author>bkmiamibeach
<Content>Refreshed and Rested at the Palace We recently spent two nights at the Westin Palace. The Hotel delivered on what we expected. We wanted a comfortable hotel to catch up on our lost nights sleep after spending the night on a transatlantic flight. Positives: at check in we were offered a room upgrade through the Amex Platinum fine hotels program and we were put in the hotel's largest suite for the price of our deluxe room. This was no Junior suite but a full suite with separate living/dining room and extra half bath. The bedroom also had a separate dressing room outside of the bathroom. This was the most elegant room of our 2 week vacation but certainly not the most expensive. The bedroom was quiet and the a/c worked very well and we were able to catch up on our sleep. Included breakfast was a full breakfast buffet and good quality. The public areas of the hotel are very nice and well maintained. The location is great, especially if you are interested in seeing the major art museums which are only a short walk away. Negatives: the hotel staff was professional but always left me with an impersonal feeling that this was a big hotel chain. Of course this is a minor complaint since the staff gave us the great room upgrade on arrival. The gym is reasonably good and I got in a great work out one morning.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>travelsny
<Content>Disappointing room This was our last stop during our recent Spain tour and we were underwhelmed with our room. The lobby, rotunda restaurant/tea area, and public areas were very nice but the room we had was, quite honestly, inadequate for the price. Old would be the best way to describe everything we found-furniture (broken chair!), bathroom (water damaged trim and doors), stained carpets/rugs, and even an old television (not even flat screen tube). It needed a serious renovation. Another couple we knew actually ended up with a room that turned out to be severely water damaged and mildewed. They had to be moved to a different floor--unacceptable at this level. Why even let your customer into a disaster like that?? We know that other rooms in the hotel were recently renovated and much better so we had to ask ourselves why did the management even let customers stay in old, dirty, inadequate rooms. They should have just closed these rooms for a total renovation rather than taking our money. Find somewhere else to stay for now or make sure you get one of the renovated rooms.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	3	3	

<Author>Nikko4Me
<Content>Great Location, Room Beautiful, Dinner mediocre The Westin Palace, Madrid 鈥?The Westin Palace was built at the direction of King Alfonso XIII in 1912. The location is great, near the Prado, Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum, and Neptuno  Cibeles fountains. The rooms had been recently renovated. Our room (311) faced the inner courtyard, so traffic noise was not an issue. The one downside was that the internet in the business center was not free. The Starwood hotels in Barcelona and Seville at least had access to free internet. The breakfast buffet was excellent, offering made to order omelets along with all the typical breakfast foods. Dinner was disappointing, as some in our tour agreed.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SeverusAlexander
<Content>Beautiful Hotel but bad service       Hotel Restaurant  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	1	1	3	

<Author>myhotels
<Content>A great hotel for a romantic getaway We stayed for a weekend at the Westin Palace with a great offer via our travel agency. Surprinsingly, even though we looked around in numerous interntet travel pages, we found the cheapest rate on the very last moment, the day before. It went down from 370 to 200 euros per night for the same room breakfast included!Lovely location near museums, the retiro park, and the historic part of the city.We asked for a room upgrade upon arrival as it was our wedding annivesary, and they did give us a room with a backstreet view, being the rate for a room giving out to the hotel patios. The room is a good standard for a luxury hotel, and room service was prompt and effective. Our only surprise is that they have changed toiletteries policy and they only provide the basics: shampoo, gel and conditioner, which we thought was not a nice gesture for a hotel of this category.Buffet breakfast was nicely served at the hotel麓s most emblematic part of the hotel, the great glass central dome. Drinks at the bar are also a nice experience.Excellent for a romantic getaway!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PeckCheck
<Content>Excellent Westin We stayed at the Westin Palace for three nights in May, and I was very pleased with the level of service and the beautiful rooms. We had a junior suite with a sitting area, the classic Westin Heavenly Bed and a great big bathroom.Everything was extremely well maintained, from the spectacular lobby to the breathtaking stained-glass dome of the restaurant. It was a pleasure eating breakfast there!The location could not be any better either. Just about two blocks from the Prado and about a 15 mins walk to the Puerta del Sol.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Suitdude32
<Content>Perfect location, elegant surroundings Perfectly located opposite the Prado Museum, and less than 5 minutes' walk from the Parque del Buen Retiro (Madrid's Botanic Gardens). Lobby not as dramatic and impressive as I would have expected for such a grand exterior, but I simply loved La Rotonda, where light meals/refreshments can be partaken under an enormous and spectacular stained glass dome. Breakfast spread typical 5 star hotel spread. I paid extra for an exterior facing room, with a view of the surrounding streets, but you have to cough up even more $$$ for a view of the fountain and roundabout in front of the hotel. My room was very comfortable and elegantly furnished, although the old-fashioned TV (i.e. no plasma or LCD) was surprising for a hotel of this standard and considering the prices charged. If you're lazy or unfit, request for a room near one of the 2 banks of elevators, as the corridors are LONG! Service overall was ok, not overly friendly. I appreciated the gym on the top floor, which offers great views of downtown Madrid, and for a hotel, it was decently equipped, although the dumbells were rather limited. I had booked and prepaid my accommodation via a third party website, yet the hotel still billed my credit card, and, 3 weeks after my stay, is still dragging its feet in refunding me, in spite of my providing all evidence showing that I had prepaid it. The 2 staff with whom I dealt (prior to checking out) about this issue seemed disinterested, and were very insistent that the hotel had done nothing wrong, and that it was obviously the customer's mistake. No effort made to check with the website through which I had booked, they simply stared at their darn computers and told me that I was wrong. Hey, how about some customer service and goodwill here?Aside from the debacle above, I highly recommend this hotel, for its location and elegance, but service a bit iffy,  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	2	4	

<Author>detraveler_7
<Content>Great Location but you pay for it We stayed at the Palace three times during our visit to Spain and found the rooms to be quite different depending on the location. We were on the SPG level twice and were happy with the rooms. The first room on the SPG level was on a courtyard and very quiet with comfortable beds. The next room was upgraded to a city view on the 4th floor with a step out balcony with a view of the fountain. It was not as quiet and the bed was very soft and uncomfortable. We did not realize until late a night and were given a bed board (who knew these still existed?) and it was ok after that. The closet and the fixtures were also not as nice as our first room. The last room was what they considered to but an upgraded 鈥渃ity view鈥?room on the 6th floor. If I paid up for windows that were above chest level I would have been disappointed but it was a fine room with the better beds and fixtures. The front desk staff was very nice but quite slow at times and we were happy that twice we got express check out forms so we did not have to wait (perhaps only for spg since we did not get it on the other floor). The breakfast was fine but when it was not included in our rate it was not remotely worth 28 euros for each person when you are paying in USD. I know it is because our currency issues but still it seemed high for what you were offered. We visited the VIPS around the corner a few times for snacks and drinks. It was very convenient. We loved the location for proximity to the museums, Retiro, Plaza Mayor, and Atocha but did not think the concierge was very good. We got bad information from them on 2 occasions regarding opening times.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>JamesL.
<Content>Great location, good hotel Just got back from our trip from Spain and had a great time. We started at Madrid and the Westin Palace. Right away you realize you are in the heart of the city and as an art fan, you are right where you want to be to enjoy the city's amazing museums.The Palace has a beautiful lobby and the service is excellent right from the front door. The rooms are larger than expected, especially the bathroom. While the style isn't what we usually go for, preferring a modern feel, The Palace has a warm inviting feel. I'm not sure if there are more updated rooms as ours was a little worn in spots, not bad condition, just dated.My biggest recommendation would be to try and get either a front view or a high floor in the back. We were on the second floor facing the back and the commercial vehicles (garbage trucks, some kind of truck with endless kegs) was very loud in the morning. It kind of became our wake-up call each morning :)We had the comp. breakfast each day and it was very good. All in all a pleasant stay. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again but would probably look for a more modern hotel if we go back.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>dblack2
<Content>Fantastic Stayed over a weekend in feburary, 2008. Every facet of the experience was excellent (and also expensive). The service was courteous  professional, the rooms were large by european standards and very well appointed. The grounds of the hotel were elegant yet unpretentious. Next time i go, i will splurge on the extravagant champagne opera brunch (70 euro/person) in the dining room, which is featured on the cover of Time Out Madrid.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>phalex
<Content>Love the Palace       A Better View of our View!  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MelbaLalala
<Content>Pretty Nice I booked this hotel using Starwood Cash and Points. I only paid $90 per night using this system. When I write reviews about hotels in which I do this, I try to write them based on the average rate of the room because that is what I assume people will pay when they go there.I will assume most people pay $300-400 for this hotel per night. At that rate, it is definitely NOT worth it. The rooms are ok, but nothing special. The hallways are the same way. Our bed was a little saggy and we were given a smoking room even though we asked for non-smoking.The rooms are pretty big for Europe and the bathroom is FANTASTIC. Very quiet, too, but we faced a courtyard.You can't beat the location. Perfect for tapas hopping through all of the alleys of Madrid, and perfect if you are going to hop on a train as the Atocha train station is a 10 minute walk away.My biggest complaint with this hotel had to do with the front desk staff. They were a little incompetent and cumulatively cost me 30 minutes of my short time in Madrid. If you can get a good price on this hotel, definitely stay there. For $300/400? Id look elsewhere.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AAMiles
<Content>Great location, Good but pricey hotel Lovely, classic hotel very near the Prado, shopping, and the Sofia Reina. The rooms are standard but very clean and nice. The restaurant is under a beautiful rotunda. Food is surprisingly very good. Service is good, although speaking Spanish helps. Everything is very nice, if just one step below superb. AC works sporadically, shutting off at night when you might really need it.I loved the location, across the street from the Prado. The hotel seems to be in the heart of the city, and is steps away from great nightlife and good restaurants.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>pmetka
<Content>good but not the best We had a 2 nights stay in a premium room , Rooms are ok but not amazing and I would say decoration is quite old for my taste We only tried the BB and it was really good with all you require for a full american breakfastFitness room was good and open 24h which is usefulllocation is perfect 2 mn walking distance of the santa ana plaza where you can find very good local tapas and bars ! however If I had to go back in madrid I would go in another hotel ie URBAN hotel , same location , but far more modern style and with a roof swimming pool ! very apealing when it starts to be hot !  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	1	

<Author>Gloucs
<Content>A Very Relaxing Grand Dame This is a beautiful, established hotel in a great central location. Very comfortable bedrooms and everywhere was very clean and tidy. We had a most relaxing 2 nights and the service was very good. The one downside was the shocking price of the bar drinks - far higher than New York or London. Why?  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>LizzieG
<Content>Glad we got a good deal We found a great deal for the Westin Palace through expedia, and having heard that this was one of the grande dame 5* hotels in Madrid we decided to go for it for our mini-honeymoon weekend break. On first glance the hotel appears to be exactly what it claims: a 5* elegant, grand hotel in an excellent location. However, our impression was that this grandeur is becoming increasingly faded, especially in the public areas and corridors: faded, worn out carpets and peeling wallpaper. Aside from the bedroom (very clean, wonderful shower and very comfy bed) and service (great generally but see below) this is more of a 4* establishment. We came directly from a stay at The Dorchester Hotel in London, and the Westin Palace was notably inferior.My husband had emailed the concierge ahead, unbeknown to me, asking for flowers and champagne in our room on arrival. Nothing was there when we checked in. He spoke to the concierge simply to make it clear that he didn't want to be charged and the concierge apologised profusely. Later that afternoon champagne and flowers duly appeared (along with a cake that declared Happy Anniversary...it was our honeymoon!) for which we were not charged. We felt that although this was a little glitch they more than made up for it.Oh, and we asked for a recommendation for somewhere to see flamenco and were directed to Cafe de Chinitas. It was geared completely towards tourists and a total rip off (200 euros and we weren't drinking!) and not really the genuine, gritty flamenco that we were looking for. They also recommended Thai Gardens, which was a wonderful Thai restaurant - the best I have ever eaten!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fennerjames
<Content>brilliant hotel brilliant hotel,great location, on my birthday a cake and champagne delivered to my room !! didnt even mention it to them.clean,nice rooms,lovely food it made my first experience of madrid even better.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GottaLottaMiles
<Content>A Quality Hotel We spent three nights at the Westin Palace Hotel on a family vacation. Our experience was completely positive and we would gladly stay at this hotel again.The rooms are small but well-furnished and modern, with comfortable beds. At night, the rooms were dark and quiet - good sound and light-proofing. The hotel is well-situated for seeing central Madrid, with most of the major sights a short walk away, and plenty of restaurants in the area. The hotel breakfast buffet has a large selection of hot  cold food, and is a good deal for folks who like a big breakfast on vacation. The front desk staff was polite, helpful and friendly. Our most positive experience here was on the first evening of our stay - we stopped in the lobby for a drink before bedtime and left a digital camera at our table. The next morning we asked at the desk and we got the camera back. Nice to avoid losing our camera on the first day of the trip!Not much to be disappointed in at this hotel. The TV channel selection (if you don't speak Spanish!) is sparse, but that's true everywhere we went in Spain. The shops inside the hotel aren't very useful but there is plenty of shopping just a few blocks away. Overall a very good luxury hotel choice for a Madrid vacation!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>anzio
<Content>Old Times Atmosphere Modern Facilities We stayed at this hotel four nights over the Easter holidays. We have two kids, 13 and 18 and were given interconnecting rooms without problems.We booked trhough a web agency and got an excellent price for 2 double rooms incusive of breakfast.The hotel is luxurious, the staff very helpful and the location superb, right in the centre of Madrid, close to all museums and shopping life.The rooms were big and the bathrooms too, which is quite rare nowadays. Very clean and with all in room facilities.Breakfast was excellent, both if taken in the room (always arrived on time and hot) or in the restaurant.I woud certain reccomend the Westin for a visit to Madrid and hope to go back soon.A TripAdvisor member from Rome, Italy  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>bubby21
<Content>Expensive, but great hotel DH and I just stayed at the Westin Palace on our 3 day stay in Madrid. We stayed there because we were able to use Starwood points to stay for free. (We generally use Starwood points and stay at 5* hotels in Europe, so we are used to hotels at this level). I checked this site before booking, but knew that unless the reviews were awful we would stay because it was free.The reviews we read criticized the hotel for two main reasons: cost of everything in the hotel, which we anticipated, and criticisms that the staff was not helpful or nice. We found the former to be true but not the latter.Everything at the hotel was, indeed, exorbitantly priced, especially considering the weakness of the dollar v. the euro. But we had planned for that (we brought instant oatmeal and hot pot to have breakfast in our room. We discovered that we didn't even need the hot pot because there was a hot water urn set up near the elevator on our floor with instant coffee, tea, milk etc available in the morning). Service in the hotel, on the other hand, couldn't be better. The staff was gracious and helpful. When I asked at check-in how much to tip the bellman, as I usually do in a new city, the desk clerk told me it was included. The doorman asked us where we were going each time we wanted a cab and then would give the cab driver directions to the location, and he did this even tho we did not tip him. The concierge made reservations for us for dinner at a kosher restaurant that he suggested and then suggested another one. And the next night he asked us how we had liked the one he suggested. (in a city like Madrid, for the concierge to be aware of kosher facilities is quite unusual).Everyone we encountered in the hotel was nice and helpful. The room was clean and beautifully appointed. There was coffee on the floor available in the morning and huge bowls of fruit available all day. The location of the hotel can't be beat. You can fall out of bed and get to the Thyssen museum, the Prado and the Reina Sofia are a short walk away. The business center was open at whatever hour we needed it. The only drawback to the hotel is that there are some steps into the hotel and from the lobby to the elevator (about 8) that can't be avoided. If you have problems with steps this could be a real issue. We loved the hotel and would go back again. If you can afford to pay the rates, or if you have points to use, I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Torero
<Content>Perfect Stay with a Captain on Board This was our second stay at the Westin Palace in three weeks and because we noted an improvement in various aspects we thought it was appropriate to write new comments about this property.If you have ever wondered if TripAdvisor comments are of any use then believe it. At the Palace there is a Captain on board, the General Manager. How do I know? Well, after my previous stay I wrote a review in TripAdvisor. I stated some problems we had, but that weren't bad enough to complain to the Hotel Management directly. Turns out the Palace has a service monitoring TripAdvisor comments and it also appears the General Manager makes an effort to correct flaws when he spots them. When we arrived on our most recent stay, we were greeted with apologetic comments regarding our previous stay (A note had been posted on our computer file) and we can honestly say this time all was perfect. Not only that, but we had found a great Easter deal on the hotel website for a deluxe double with breakfast for 245 鈧?/night.Service from all staff members was attentive and impeccable. Yes, at times it seamed they were overburdened. Despite this, they did their best to satisfy every request ASAP. The breakfast buffet in the Rotonda was plentiful with a great choice of foods for all tastes, American, European and local. One criticism here regarding the Orange juice. It tasted as if the skin had been squeezed with the pulp, much too bitter for us. We also visited the Gym on the 6th Floor. It is quite large with wonderful equipment. The Westin Palace is a non smoking hotel in its public areas. There is a lounge reserved for those who wish to indulge in smoking while enjoying a cocktail. There are many meeting rooms available for business events. The property is extremely luxurious and very well kept. The rooms are spotless, spacious and very comfortable. I just wish the internet connection were included.The closest Metro Station is not Atocha or Sol as mentioned in a previous review but Banco de Espa帽a. As you exit the Hotel, cross the avenue San Jeronimo and take the street right across called Marques de Cuba. The metro is at the end of that street on Calle Alcala, about three minutes away.Based on location, property and service, the Westin Palace is a wonderful treat you can offer yourself. And remember there is a captain on Board so if you run into any difficulties try mentioning it to staff members at reception and concierge, for I am convinced that management policy is to satisfy their guests in every way they can.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mwacomle
<Content>Expensive Decision There is no doubt the Westin Palace in Madrid is centrally located and very nice looking. Our first problem, though, was that the price they assigned to our room at check- in was 50 Euros higher than how we had reserved the room over their website. The only record we had of the reservation (trying to convince them that they had accidentally uped the price) was the confirmation email they had sent us . . . bearing all info on the reservation but leaving the price mysteriously unstated. We had not noticed this ommission when we made the reservation, so we had no proof of what we clearly knew was an inflated room charge. Nevertheless, we decided we were too tired to look elsewhere and would just pay the extra. I noticed as we were going to bed that there was no bottled water in the room, and so I called room service and asked if they could bring up a bottle. They promptly arrived, bearing a regular size glass bottle of water (and a wine glass) and presented the charge of 11.50 Euros for the bottle of water (i.e., about $17 or $18 in American dollars). Silly me, I thought that, for what we were paying per night, it might have been sent up without charge. I signed and tipped the porter, but then went down to street level to see if there was another more reasonable source nearby. Practically next door to the hotel was a grocery market with bottled water, same size, for 1.2 Euros each . . . and they were even chilled. I bought two bottles, brought them to my room, called room service and told them I woiuldn't be needing their $18 bottle of water after all. After that, we felt the hotel was little more than a beautiful tourist trap looking to drain every dollar from its guests before they left. Never again will I set foot in the Westin Palace Hotel / Madrid.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	4	4	1	4	4	

<Author>PlatHunter
<Content>Nice Hotel but Poor Service The hotel is in a great location with nice rooms and lobby. I had numorous problems with the service including check in, service at the bar and during check out was charged for services that was to be included, which the manager later removed. I originally planed to stay two nights but after the poor service left after one night to another nearby hotel.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	5	1	4	-1	

<Author>Simbadog
<Content>Great hotel for a Madrid vacation       Palace hotel Prado side. Starbucks is here  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Jewelleryjohn
<Content>reassuring comfort We spent 3 nights at this grand old hotel at the end of feb. We chose the Palace because although we prefer larger hotels with impressive lobby's and good sized public areas, they have to have a presence and not be featureless/uninspiring. This hotel certainly didn't disappoint. When I arrive at an hotel the first impression is very important and sets the tone for the stay. If I look around without feeling the wow factor then its unlikely I'll relax and enjoy my stay. Well, the Palace has the factor and then some. It is situated in a busy area, close to several museums, a lovely park, plenty of shops, and importantly only a few minutes from the array of tapas bars in Plaza Santa Ana. The hotel has a buzz, there are people coming and going which is great if you enjoy people watching. As you enter the lobby you look up towards the extremely impressive Rotunda which has a wonderful domed glass ceiling. This is where you can enjoy a drink - it's very relaxing - and also have breakfast and an evening meal. Beyond the Rotunda are several function rooms and a chinese restaurant. I wasn't impressed with the food but my wife thought it was excellent. A case of depends what you choose ?Beside the Rotunda is a decent size bar which looks a little too much like a gentlemans club. All wood panels and green leather chairs. The service from the bar was the only disappointing aspect of our stay. We were overcharged for wine on 2 evenings, waited an age to be served and I almost collapsed when I saw our bill - a coke cost 7 euros (wine was cheaper.) Breakfast is something we always look forward to in european hotels: salami .parma ham,salmon, cheeses etc and although these were offered the breakfast experience just seemed to lack something although the service was attentive and efficient. I had originally booked a premium deluxe room but on checking the day before we left I saw the room was only around 35 sq mtr which is a little small. I called and reserved a junior suite and when we entered the room and saw the expression on my wifes face I was pleased that I had. The room overlooked the street and fountain and had a fantastic bathrooom. If funds allow consider enjoying one of these rooms. The only downside to the room was the noise at the weekend from emergency vehicles. As for the staff, everyone was polite and we were acknowledged and greeted by all. The concierge were very helpful but check-in was a surly affair. Although we don't plan to return to Madrid as we had time to see all we wanted to, if the Palace was transported to another city we would book without hesitation. It felt good to arrive, comforting to return to and sad to leave.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>misdirected_baggage
<Content>Fading beauty A classic grand European hotel. Although the lobby is lovely, it's a constant whirlwind of activity and the staff appears overtaxed. Unavoidable steps make it difficult to haul baggage without assistance. The lobby bar is harried enough to make service difficult to flag down (we finally left after waiting for 20 minutes, or so for a drink). Concierge recommendations were, well, spotty. The deluxe rooms, however, are well appointed and comfortable. Overall, a fair value for the money, but the Palace could be much more.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>GlobalStorming
<Content>Outstanding Service...Above and Beyond! My wife and I stayed at The Westin Palace for 5 nights in February and were truly impressed by the staff...especially the Concierge and Customer Support staff. We booked through Luxury Link and found the Junior Suite to be well appointed and spacious. Throw in such amenities as breakfast for two each morning, museum passes, and dinner at La Rotunda (the hotel's restaurant), and you have exceptional value.However, the true test of this hotel's outstanding service came during our third night in Madrid. While strolling the Paseo del Prado, my wife's wallet was lifted by a pick-pocket. Fortunately, we were just a few blocks from the hotel. Upon our arrival and explanation of our predicament, the hotel's Concierge (Carmen) immediately flew into action and summoned her Customer Support rep Marta, who quickly put us in contact with our credit card companies (to cancel our accounts before the thief could use them). Shortly thereafter, Carmen had the bellboy, Miguel-Angel, personally escort us to the police station (a few blocks away) to help with the police report. He stayed with us and helped translate...which made the experience quick and painless. When we arrived back at the hotel, Carmen had sent chocolates and fruit to the room...which was totally unexpected. Bottom line, the staff at this hotel turned what could have been a horrendous situation into just another day at the office! Finally, many thanks also go to the dining room manager, Angel, who made our stay most enjoyable...he pointed out many fine restaurants (including El Rincon de Esteban--close by) and numerous places of interest.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ctfl
<Content>Elegant hotel, convenient locations for museums For our last two days of winter vacation, we decided to spend them in Madrid after spending 7 days down in Marbella. The Westin Madrid Palace Hotel is an elegant building with detailed architecture, very conveniently located near the museums (across the street or just a few blocks away) or a 10 to 15 minute walk to the main plaza areas like Puerta Del Sol, Calle Mayor, etc. This is probably one of the most elegant hotels we've stayed in.The Westin self parking underground garage was difficult to locate as the entrance was on a one way street. We had to drive down some small streets to locate and enter that street. Actually, the bigger pain was the underground parking garage itself. The garage is very small (maybe 50 cars max?) and the spaces even smaller! Even maneuvering (can't call it driving in there because it's that tight-you can't go fast unless you want to take out the bumpers or mirrors!) our mid size rental car through just trying to pass through the columns required driving at a crawl,inching back and forth to avoid scraping the car!. I even got out of the car to help negotiate the hairpin turn in the lot. We found the best spot we could-one where we could drive out of without inching back and forth to avoid hitting the columns or walls. Then we left the car parked there until we checked out.How tight could the parking spaces really be? I saw one of those mechanic floor jacks and my husband said the valets probably needed it to move the cars into the tight spaces or to get them out! Yes, there is valet parking available for slightly more than self parking. To do valet, Westin doesn't have a real driveway. You pull up right onto the sidewalk area in front of the hotel steps and you'll see the valet and doorman. Self parking was about $30 USD a night and valet may have been closer to $50 USD/night. So if you don't want to hassle with self park or don't want to test your driving/parking skills, valets extra cost may be worth it. Also, driving during the evening rush hour in downtown Madrid is challenging with the scooters cutting in and out, pedestrians crossing on red lights and the taxi lanes.The parking was the only real negative about the hotel, but the hotel is an old building so you can't really fault it as it wasn't designed with modern parking in mind.Check in was professional, efficient. We were upgraded to a large corner Junior Suite, as he's an SPG platinum member and they had availability. Very nice, elegant suite with a separate master bedroom with tv in a armoire and a large walk in closet with a safe. A sitting room with sofa, arm chair coffee table, tv and mini bar refrigerator in the armoire, work desk. One full bathroom with separate tub, shower and toilet room with a frosted glass door. Two white Westin robes and slippers to use. Amenities included Molten Brown soaps, shampoos and lotions, toothbrush, mouthwash, razor. Second bathroom with toilet and sink only. The suite had very nice elegant details like crown molding, chandeliers, etc.Nightly turn down service included the chocolates on the beds and some small rug they put down on both sides of the master bed. Maids were friendly. Concierge gave us a map of the local area when we asked.There is no SPG club room at this hotel. The 6th floor is supposed to be the Club Room floors, but the only Club level amenities offered is a self serve espresso machine and apples. I think we were on the 3rd floor and according to the elevator symbols smoking is allowed (and we smelled it) on one of the floors of the hotel. We didn't eat any meals in the hotel but went out and found small local restaurants nearby. There is also a Starbucks right around the corner. The hotel has a workout room on the top floor and we took a quick look at it and the equipment looked in pretty good shape, but no one was using it. No swimming pool here.Just a note that if you do take one of the streets from the Plaza Del Sol area towards Gran Via, be careful if you've got little kids and don't want them to see, as the area is a bit seedy with porn shops and prostitutes leaning against the buildings and trees waiting for business. This was mentioned in the Rick Steves' travel guide book and even for our short two day trip, found the info and maps from this book to be pretty helpful. Also watch out for the pickpockets and scammers. So the Westin Palace is a beautiful hotel, elegant rooms, great location for visiting museums and close to the plazas. Just that everything is really expensive (food, parking, internet, rooms) here, especially with the dollar to Euro value for us.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>plainchoc
<Content>Expensive hotel Just got back from a long weekend in Madrid....what a fabulous city. We stayed three nights at the Palace and we had a wonderful time, the room was luxurious, spotless basically everything you would expect for a 5*. However the prices were very excessive , 6 Euros for a tea, 12 Euros for a piece of cake and when I did decide to have tea I couldn't get a waiter to serve us, so we went round the corner to Starbucks for half the price!! The location is excellent, and the breakfast which was included was good too. There are good tapas bars around the back of the hotel so you don't have to walk to the Gran Via everytime you go out.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Toni66
<Content>Relaxing My husband and I have just returned from a three night stay at the Westin Palace Hotel Madrid. I booked this through Lastminute.com. I would have been disappointed if we had paid the going rate. Location was great, breakfast ok, service in the bar area was good although they ran out of Ron Bacardi on our last night which, for a 5 star hotel is not very good. We had one complaint about our room and the noise that was generated, from what sounded like a water boiler and we were moved straight way. They billed us for use of the mini bar which we never used but immediately withdrew it from our bill when we bought this to their attention. Would probably not stay here again but would definitely return to Madrid, as a beautiful and very vibrant city.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>NathanC
<Content>A Grand Dame I stayed at the Westin Palace with a few colleagues as we were hosting a client breakfast at the hotel. For me the plusses were that the hotel has a sense of occasion, is well located and the breakfast tasted great. I managed to get away to the Prado for an hour to see the nineteenth century exhibition which is well worth it. Also, the hotel is a short walk from Plaza Santa Ana which is a good spot for some tapas and a beer. I wouldn;t recommend having a beer in the hotel as a coupel of beers each for my client and I set me back 鈧?6! The room was well appointed but I couldn't help thinking it was a bit worn around the edges. The door and the panelling in the bathroom were clearly showing some wear and tear. Also, for a five star palace hotel, I was a little underwhelmed with the service. Given the room rate and that we were paying for room hire for the breakfast, I was surprised that our waiters disappeared for half an hour when we could have done with some more coffee and that checking out at reception seemed to take so long. In short, it is a very impressive looking venue with an excellent location but I think the service and attention to detail isn't quite at the level you might expect.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>kvw
<Content>wonderful! We stayed at the Palace for 4 nights in December, and there for work. It was truly fantastic! The staff were all very wonderful, and the breakfast was amazing! The staff who worked at the breakfast buffet were exceptionally professional and the food excellent! Our room was great, and the bathroom huge with long counters for all your toiletries. The location was second to none - just 3 blocks from Santa Ana and great wine and tapas bars...  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Karuthers
<Content>Good I stay here regularly on business but am equally comfortable being here for a leisure trip. The Palace (as it is still known to taxi drivers) may now be part of the Westin chain but I think it has succesfully integrated Westin's custtomer service skills with its own Iberian personality  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RFJC
<Content>Fantastic Spent 3 nights here in early December with my wife. It is a beautiful hotel which oozes grandeur of a bygone era. The staff are really helpful and friendly and nothing is too much trouble. For me it has the premier location of any hotel in Madrid - right on La Castellana facing the Prado with the nightlife centre of Plaza Santa Ana only 5 minutes walk away. The only suggestion I can make is make sure to request a recently renovated room at check-in. All in all a fantastic place to stay and we will definitely be back.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rlm346
<Content>Four fabulous nights in Madrid We spent four fabulous nights in the Westin, a Starwood hotel, after arriving in Madrid from the US. It is located on Paseo del Prado in the museum district in front of the Neptune fountain. The Prado and Thiessen museum are within a block  the Reina Sofia a few blocks away. It is walking distance to all the sights we wanted to visit. The plaza mayor is about a 20 minute walk.We reserved a Premium Deluxe Non-smoking Room with a City View. Our room had two oversized double beds that we pushed together into a virtual King. The 5th floor room had two large windows that looked down and opened onto the fountain. The comfort of the bed (called a heavenly bed) even rivaled the view. The bathroom and closet space was also excellent. It was a fabulous room. When we checked in they were going to give us a a queen bed (they don鈥檛 have Kings) without a great view but we pressed the attendant for a better room and we are glad we did. The service was excellent and the concierges were always helpful and friendly. My only complaint is that they charged a substantial extra free for Internet access. Most of the hotels we stayed in did the same thing. It is a bit annoying given the price point of the hotels and I鈥檇 strongly recommend the management consider changing that policy. We were able to get a relatively good price using a AAA discount but it was still an expensive hotel (300euros). To us it was worth it.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Miami78
<Content>Excellent hotel except for the bed Pros: Service- requested transformer for laptop and wine opener and was brought up quickly by the staff; Location: Close to the metro, we went to and from the airport in the metro for 2 euros each way, no need to take any taxis since hotel is close to a wide range of sites; Great Value: We got the hotel on hotwire for USD 220 with taxes included.Cons: Bed was not five star level; we looked underneath the nice covers and it look like it was 15 yrs old...definitely NOT a Westin Heavenly Bed  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>topsmed
<Content>Too corporate Beautiful building and public areas, nice rooms decorated in interntional palace style, good spa.Negative points: the hotel is grand but the service and amenities are more Westin and corporate than 5-stars, the rooms start to age (no separate shower in the suite, broken stereo, etc.), the breakfast buffet in the lobby was varied but not special. Worst of all was the experience at the Asia Gallery restaurant: average food, unprofessional service (not a word of English spoken by the waiting staff, waiters arguing with each other, rudeness towards customers).The general impression was that of a large hotel corporation having taken over a historic building and not caring too much about customer satisfaction. Better than the Ritz (see my review) but I will not return.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jon Potter
<Content>Grand palace hotel in excellent location       view from room  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	2	3	

<Author>scooby19
<Content>Awesome location, nice rooms, spotty service We stayed at the Westin Palace for 5 nights that included New Year's Eve. The location could not be better in Madrid, a true walking city. Steps from the Prado, a brief walk to rail road station that gets you to any other point you desire and with in a few steps of other nice properties such as the Ritz. The hotel is certainly grand with lots of nice places to lounge. The glass domed restaurant and lobby lounge is beautiful. The service requires strong eye contact! The hotel is largly non- smoking with all but one floor being non-smoking, a definite plus in a country that still is very much a smoking place. Most restaurants allow smoking. Some have a non-smoking section, but really is meaningless when there is no physical barrier.They have a really nice roof top gym with a good assortment of fitness equipment. There is a hair salon and a Loews shop on site as well as an art store -- also there is a Starbucks that is ALWAYS packed! Hilarious!We had a couple of opportunities to eat in the hotel -- breakfast was included in the room and was held in the domed glass lobby lounge buffet style. Very, very good. The biggest surprise was how exceptional the Asian restaurant on site is. .. it is beautiful and the food is sensational as is the service. If you don't smoke.. get there early. The bar lounge is very active, but comfortable with service staff who are whizzing by. We also had New Year's Day brunch at the hotel -- it was really great. There were hundreds of tiny single dish apps that must have taken an army of chefs hours upon hours to create. Just magnificent. A great selection of local foods were also presented.The draw back of this hotel -- the concierge service is awful, unfortunately. They want to send you to the touristy spots only -- I tested this theory a couple of times and sadly, they really did not seem to care one iota about guest needs. They seemed not to have ANY clout in getting tickets or reservations --even when the request was made a month in advance of the visit. They were not knowlegeable about what was open when or take the time to check -- the answer was always it is possible -- oh well, yeah thanks!!!The preferred guest floors were full but we did get a very large room with seating area in a quiet section on a non-smoking floor. The only difference with the room we booked was free coffee near the elevator and the type of amenties (Molton Brown was offered on the preferred floors). There is no club level here although they say there is when you book!The reception desk was ok -- the guy who checked us in just seems miserable in general..all other staff including all waitstaff etc. were very helpful. It could be just this time of year, I suppose but this property is a Starwood Luxury collection property ... so five stars should mean something.The bathrooms were very large, robes need to be retired -- the bed is heavenly... as is promised by the Westin.Stay at the Westin for the location and forgive the one or two grumpy staff -- the rooms are clean, large and very comfortable. We might opt for the Ritz next time, but wouldn't cross off the Westin it was overall a pretty pleasant stay.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	2	4	3	

<Author>SisterMoon_8
<Content>Elegance, Luxury and Fun at the Westin Palace Madrid! My husband and I stayed at this hotel in May of 2007 and we just loved it. We were using our Starwood points to stay and I was concerened about noise as it is in the Center of Madrid. When they put us on the first floor, I was really concerned, but when we saw the room - WOW! We were upgraded to a suite (room #123, as I recall) and it was done in blue and gold and white and it was incredible! The HUGE fluffy bed was like heaven and the bathrooms (yes, TWO of them!) were gorgeous. My husband and I had to holler to each other this suite was so huge. They also had a great sound system which I enjoyed the classical music. Too bad we didn't have any of our own CD's. I felt like the Queen of England staying here, with a gorgeous view of the Neptune fountain right out our window, and it really wasn't very noisy at all. We did have a slight problem in that they had a cold snap right before we arrived, so they air conditioning got turned off in our room. However, the staff was great and got the maintencance people to fix that, no problem. With our American AC going at full power, we were really in heaven then! HA! The GIANT buffet breakfast is not cheap (I think it's E33 per person) bu twell worth the price and you don't have to eat again until dinner, the food is so plentiful and lovely. The cupola dining room is super elegant and we had drinks in the lovely bar a few times. The bar waiters were fun, playing little games with us and even though we got the trivia questions wrong, they gave us the prizes, anyway! So this is a wonderful facility that is elegant and luxurious, but also fun to stay at and we would stay here again when we return to Marvelous Madrid! Oh, and don't miss Rincon de Esteban Restaurant, a few blocks away - the food is wonderful and the waiters are the best. Also, there is a little Cerveceria just behind the Westin that offers delicious tapas for very little money. I think it's calles the Fat Man or something that. Try these and enjoy!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>travelwithkids_7
<Content>Great hotel and location I had stayed at the Palace a couple of years ago on business and loved it, so when my wife and I went for a long weekend getaway to Madrid, it was our 1st choice. Check in was easy and the room was great, although last time I had a room facing the front of the hotel, this time it faced the side and at night (near mid-night) we could hear the sanitation workers removing garbage cans.The staff were helpful and we got a good dinner recommendation from the concierge (Asadir Fronton). Otherwise, we mostly wandered around and found our own restaurants so less reliant on concierge. The hotel lobby and rotunda restaurant live up to expectations. The hotel is in a great location and walking distance to many of Madrid's best sites. We took a day trip to Toledo on the RENFE - but suggest that you book tix for the 30 min train ride in advance - there's a travel agency around the corner from the Palace that can do it, as trains were full. One disappointment is that we planned to visit the Prado, esp the new wing on Sun morning, but learned that the museum (maybe all museums in Madrid) is free admission on Sun, so there was a huge line. Instead, we left the line, walked to Retiro Park where there was an interesting exhibit in the Crystal Palace and then to the Museo Reina Sofia. We would definitely stay at the Palace again, although would pay for a city view .  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	4	

<Author>syrurs1
<Content>Loved it       Outside of hotel  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>avillebud
<Content>Nice Hotel I recently stayed at this hotel while on vacation. The Palace is a nice hotel. My only caution with this hotel is not to talk to the old man at the concierge. Beyond his attitude, he sent us to a horrible tapas bar.... every time you asked him a question he seemed bothered. The other men at the concierge were helpful, but not the old guy. As for the rooms, I was upgraded to a suite so my room was very nice and large. The bed was very comfortable as was the sofa in the living room. The room temperature was very comfortable and adjustable. The work out facility is very small and there is no pool at the hotel. The hotel is within walking distance to the train station. A great find in the area was a restaurant called El Rincon de Esteban... steps away from the front door of the hotel. We had our best meal in Spain at this restaurant. It was not cheap, but it was well worth the money. If you have a problem with smokers arrive early as it is very small and the room becomes filled with smoke with one or two smokers. A problem we had with the hotel was at the hotel restaurant. Its in a beautiful room and the room was quite busy; however, once we were seated not one person said hello to us or attempted to take an order from us. After fifteen minutes we left... the hotel was not apologetic. They had a too bad attitude about the situation. Overall, I would recommend staying at this hotel for its sleeping arrangements. Its a nice hotel in a wonderful city.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	2	3	

<Author>newhorizonsny
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Awful Service My wife and I stayed at the Westin Palace in Madrid for three nights in December 2007. The hotel is beautiful, the room was huge and the bed was very comfortable --- especially compared with other European hotels.However, I have to completely disagree with the comments about how great the service is. We had worse service in this 5 star hotel than any of the other hotels we stayed at in Europe.On more than one occasion 2 door men stood around talking while my wife and I had to open the door for ourselves. We called guest services 4 times during our stay, each time the service was poor.I was told that an electrical transformer and a scale were not available (even though the hotel literature said it was) because the person answering did not know what they were - she asked me repeatedly what a scale does / what purpose does it serve. When I got frustrated enough to go down to the lobby and ask the concierge for assistance she was visibly annoyed at having to assist me. When we were checking out I had to call guest services 3 times to have someone come and help me with my luggage (it took 45 minutes to get someone to bring my luggage from the 3rd floor to the 1st floor). If the elevators were not so tiny I would have done this myself as there is no reason this.Also, my wife and were on our honeymoon and my american express travel agent made it a point to indicate this in all of our reservations (it said it on all of our travel vouchers) and the Westin is the only hotel we stayed at that did not acknowledge it in some way.So while the hotel / lobby was beautiful and the location was great I will never stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	3	1	3	

<Author>Bharell_Jackson
<Content>A top-notch hotel and not overly expensive Having received an excellent rate through Hotwire, it was definitely a pleasant and very enjoyable stay at Westin Palace in Madrid. The hotel lobby is beautifully decorated and with the proximity to Christmas they did make an effort to set the season feeling alive with small touches. The room is spacious with most expected amenities and a good-size, very fresh marble bathroom. The only downside was the the room was not the newest and had most probably not been renovated for a long time. They did offer an upgrade to a larger and more modern room type, but for an extra and not too insubstantial charge.Have unfortunately not had the pleasure of staying at its main competitior (Ritz), but if you get a reasonable rate it is definitely worth a visit in a beautiful European city who's charm really comes alive during Christmas.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Merhba
<Content>Madrid's finest hotel       Bed Rooms  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Matsufatsu
<Content>Loved the Westin You definitely get what you pay for at this excellent hotel. The FrontDesk staff is top notch and the breakfast was excellent (including eggs made to order, freshly squeezed juice, and high quality meats andcheeses). Centrally located and all the top attractions are within walking distance. The Prado is pretty much right across the street andlots of night life in the surrounding area.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cannytraveler
<Content>Best hotel in Madrid A most beautiful establishment inside and out. The less renowned of the 'Old Spain' Madrid hotels.... The Ritz being the other. First class service at all levels and very good value for money. Lovely rooms with enormous wardrobes. Great bed and usual Westin appointments.Despite a large conference in progress this in no way affected us ......delegates were kept well away from private guests. We ate twice in the attractive restaurant which was formal but the staff were very attentive. Prices were reasonable and it had good local dishes on the menu. There is also an Asian restaurant which was frequented by David and Victoria Beckham during his time at Real Madrid...say no more!Very good location close to Prado and within easy walking distance of centre of Spain...the Plaza del Sol  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>perrystreet
<Content>A Grand Palace, Great beds. The Westin Palace was gorgeous. Its large but still charming. Decor is ornate. Very close to Prado Museum which is amazing to visit. You can also walk to plenty of restaurants and other attractions. The beds are very very comfortable. Rooms are on the small side but typical of city hotel. I'd highly recommend it. It was easily one of the nicest hotels I stayed at in Spain. I paid about 200 USD/night on Hotwire. A tip: its actually pretty easy to figure out which hotel it is on Hotwire if you are feeling daring. Just look at the number of reviews, rating and amenities. One bad thing: food was absurdly expensive at the hotel and I'm used to NYC food prices which are ridiculous. Even the mini-bar beers and waters were more than twice the price of another 5 star hotel in Toledo. Not to worry though, there are loads of restaurants and tapas bars in the area.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>gmorrow
<Content>Great for Love Birds ! Great location in the historical center of Madrid. Beautiful building inside and out, the atrium bar serves champagn in the afternoon for guests! Staff a little stuffy but very nice. Bed typical of Westin Heavenly beds. Very cozy. Highly reccomend if you want to cough up 300 eur. Great alternative is Vincci SOHO hotel just upstreet (100 eur) for super location.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>jdr1000
<Content>Great Service, Excellent Location I always stay at this Spanish landmark. it is in the middle of everything. Front desk service is excellent and concierge has been there for decades so they know there way around Madrid.Room was very clean, Westin bed as usual (good) and the room service quality is very good. Expensive but good. The hotel is large, long halls for the rooms and some steps to get to elevators.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Sanibelle1
<Content>Wonderful Stay at the Westin Palace Madrid We just returned from Spain and had a wonderful time at the Westin Palace in Madrid. The hotel is ideally located and you can walk everywhere from the Prado to the real Palace and to the train station. Service was great and the breakfast buffet was fit for a king. We also felt that it was a great deal for the price we paid through Westin's website with our AAA discount. The basic room was a good size for a city hotel and everyone from the maids to the concierge to the dining room staff could not have provided better service. Our only regret was that we didn't stay in Madrid for more than three days.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ahdzp
<Content>Great location, fantastic hotel We love the Palace, the location is very good, you can walk almost everywere and the rooms are very comfortable. We have been here before and for sure we will go back.The service is very good, we asked the concierge for some reservations in advance and we always got very good tables because of the hotel.It maybe more old style but if you are in Europe I think is perfect.The Rotunda area is so beautiful.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Escaramujo
<Content>Mediocre I am a fan of Starwood hotels and all its brands. I am also a seasoned traveler and have experienced many, many, Starwood hotels in my life. I am a Starwood Gold member.From this view point I have to say that the Westin Palace in Madrid does not reach the Standard that Starwood has for all their hotels.I will start with the positive: Nice Lobby, great hallways,great location...feels like a Grand Hotel when you enter.Now my experience:My reservation made many months in advance was not found (reservation with starwood points) even though I had the confirmation in my hand and the points were deducted from my account. After more than 45 minutes waiting and several phone calls, my reservation was found. I was given a smoking room (reserved non smoking). Then I was moved to a non smoking room after complaining. The room was very standard. No heavenly bed or linens and just a small Queen Bed (felt more like a large full). After asking at the front desk I was told that this hotel does not have King beds (????), that they were remodeling the hotel because many americans request them, and only the executive floor has them. The mattress was outdated, pillows were terrible, and I was promised a change of room the next day. After no one called me with the answer, I talked to the chief of front desk after my second night. He wrote down the issues I mentioned and promised a change of room for the third night. I am still waiting for his phone call.That night we needed a Taxi. Every hotel of this category that I have been to, has Taxis waiting outside or they can be easily called. I was told by the doorman to not even try to wait for a Taxi there, that it was better to walk to the near neptuno square and get one there. (great service, no?).So in general, the hotel is nice outside, average once you open the door of your room and not up to the Starwood standards, and mediocre in regarding to customer service. They just don't care.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	4	1	2	3	

<Author>ltjbukem
<Content>pretty decent we stayed at the westin palace for four nights. don't expect any bellhop to come rushing at your cab, ready to take your bags for you. when we came no one offered to help bring our cabs up. indeed, in our four nights there we didn't notice anyone asking whether we stayed at the hotel as we walked up the door.the rooms were nice, dual sink bathrooms, toilet, bidet, shower and a nice bed, good closet space. our room faced the round interior overlooking the 'courtyard'. i put courtyard in quotes because i don't think any hotel guests are able to enter that area.the internet costs 18 euros a night, which was kind of pricey. there is free wifi only in the lobby, though. the concierge was helpful for the most part, offering to make us reservations at restaurants, letting us use umbrellas, giving us directions, etc. but the one night we wanted a restaurant reservation, they made us reservations at el rincon esteban, i think, which was three blocks away. this place is quite the tourist trap, so pls be sure that you let the concierge know you don't want a western-friendly restaurant. but if this is what you want, by all means...the gym is nice also and never crowded in the two times i went there.for cheap meals, go on calle prado and you will find three or four tapas places. go another two blocks and you will reach calle de las huertas and this place is famed in madrid for tapas bars..if you get here on a sunday, drop off your bags and immediately head to the museums, because they are free. lines are long, but that's part of the fun. walk thru el retiro and head towards salamanca for some 5th ave-type shopping.the previous author was spot on about vips and starbucks. vips saved us a few times during late night, for getting drinks and snacks. we also had breakfast there two mornings. the starbucks is also good for java and for people-watching. i paid $162US via priceline.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>OntheGoAgain_1
<Content>Wonderful accomodations       Westin Palace Bedroom  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Vnyrdr
<Content>Old World Luxury in a Perfect Location       breakfast restaurant  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>carolboca
<Content>Loved it Quiet, well appointed room. Fabulous breakfast. Best possible location. Concierges were very helpful.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>jbtexas
<Content>Excellent facilities; a few service problems. I stayed at the Westin Palace as a part of a large business meeting. The hotel has an excellent location. The Thyssen and Prado museums are within five minute walks, Retiro (park) is another five minutes UP the hill behind the Prado, and Puerta del Sol and Plaza Mayor are about 10-15 minutes away UP another hill. So, all in all a great location, but be prepared to climb a bit. The only location drawback is that you are about a 7-10 minute walk from the nearest metro stations - Banco de Espana, Atocha, Sevilla or Sol. The hotel itself has excellent facilities. The rotunda lobby is ornate and beautiful. The hallways on the guest floors are wide and well lit. The breakfast area is well laid out with a wide selection. The rooms themselves are very nice. The bathrooms are probably the best part with twin sinks, and a separate room for the toilet and bidet. Towels are plush and unlike many European hotels, there are facial wash cloths. The room itself was spacious, but there was only one arm chair in the room. We would have preferred two chairs. Our room was room #649 which was south facing onto an alley with no particularly redeeming view. There were two problems we encountered. One was the mattress was badly in need of replacement. We could never get this scheduled, although the hotel did try. The other was air conditioning. Our air conditioner would come on, throw out cold air, get to the desired temperature, convert to fan only operation and never go back to throwing out cold air, no matter how warm it got in the room. We tried twice to get it fixed, but as we don't speak Spanish, we could not adequately communicate the problem. So, while we could hardly say we loved our experience in the room, we'll assume we were outliers (heard no complaints from others in our group). I am rating the hotel as excellent as the facilities themselves were superb and assuming that the problems we encountered were atypical. We did walk across Paseo del Prado to the Ritz and our view is that the public areas in the Palace exceed the Ritz.If you want to save a few euros on dining, if you exit the hotel, and go downhill to the Paseo del Prado, in the basement of the hotel building but only accessible from the street, there is a VIPS and a Starbucks. VIPS is a family oriented cafe / convenience store, but we found the food very satisfactory on our several occasions dining there. If you ask, they do have english language menus, but the Spanish language menus are well illustrated enough that with even the most rudimentary of Spanish, you should do OK. The only drawback is that you cannot order off the lunch menu until as I recall 1:00 pm (if not 1:30 pm). As for Starbucks, you know the drill. Certain maps show that there is a Planet Hollywood in the same building. If that was once true, it's closed now.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>CasB
<Content>Total luxury We stayed at the Palace in late August 2007. Unlike other comments, we found the concierge to be very helpful and the private tour he arranged for us was of a very high standard with an extremely knowledgable guide. The reception staff were very firendly although the new computerised system did seem to throw a few of them! Checking in took quite some time although we did arrive a little early so finding a vacant room was a bit of a challenge.The lobby with its sweeping staircase to the most amazing glass domed area was spectacular. The attention to detail and the cleanliness of the public areas cannot be faulted. We saw people on 2 ocassions over the weekend polishing the brass stair rails!The rooms are very pleasing on the eye and the bed was to die for, I really didn't want to get up! Breakfast was excellent with all the usual selections, egg chef and even cava if you want it at that time of day! We dd not eat there in the evening as there are so many fantastic places to eat close by. The Julian de Tolsa had come highly recommended - we were disapponted in the service and the lack of selection although it was clearly a favorite of the locals it did not really make us want to go back. For a special treat (it was our wedding anniversary) or for some pure indulgence I would recommend this stunning hotel - great location (Starbucks around the corner if you need your fix!), attentive staff and the most amazing fescos and stained glass we have seen in a hotel.One last hint - the botanical gardens were a real dissapointment, badly manitained and very little of interest (could be the time of year) I was tempted to get a hoe and do some weeding in some places, it really is not worth paying when you can go to the Roayl gardens for free and see some of the most beautiful flora and fauna in Spain.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>ceciliacastelli
<Content>Excellent Hotel Profesional Staff Besides being very well located, this hotel offers excellent service. At our arrival porter immediately helped us with our bags and took car to garage without delay so we could immediately proceed to check in that was fast and friendly .The room was not very large, but it was cozy and nice.Breakfast restaurant was very nice as well as menu.I am sure that having little time to spend in Madrid, it was the best hotel we could have booked. You really enjoy more a place when you arrive to a hotel like this. We would gladly return to this hotel if we would visit again Madrid  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Redbaytraveller
<Content>Old - and dated OK, first the good points. The hotel is well located, close to the museums and near the pick up points for the open bus tours of the City. Its just a 10min walk to Puerto del Sol and lots of bars and restaurants. Staff were attentive and helpful. Arrived at 11am and got our roon by mid-dayOn the negaitive side, the hotel is old. faded and dated and has seen better days. The bedrooms were dark and gloomy with heavy ornate furniture. The lounges and hugh and empty - and the bar old and dated - the place felt like a tomb!Would not stay again - probably should have chosen a different hotel - the hotel made us feel old! (and we have just reached the big 50!). Passed by a few alternatives which looked good, Victoria 4 and ME Madrid worth considering if we go again.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>3	1	1	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>mktozd
<Content>One of Europe's greats The Westin Madrid is one of the great hotels of Europe and from the moment you enter their gates you will know why. The service is very good from check in to check out. The best part of the hotel is the grand lobby which is nice to sit in and enjoy the comings and goings. Highly reccomend.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jannazg
<Content>Wonderful, fancy hotel The Westin Palace hotel is a very fancy hotel in a great location in Madrid. The hotel is not modern, but has an old school luxurious feel and charm. It is a large and bustling hotel with great rooms and bathrooms. The food and internet is very expensive but the property is one of the best in Madrid.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>TravellingBuff
<Content>Great hotel, average concierge service We stayed at the Westin Palace for 3 nights. The hotel itself is wonderful. Nice lobby, restaurants and rooms. The only thing that disappointed me was the front door/concierge service. After checking out, we brought our luggage down and there are 10 steps between the elevator and front door. No one helped us with our large 3 bags. There was only one doorman who was helping someone else with directions so we hailed our own cab and put our luggage in ourselves. This happened when we arrived as well. I don't blame the doorman, as he was busy with another guest. I just wish that for Friday through Sunday nights (probably their busiest days) they would employ more than one doorman or concierge person.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	-1	-1	

<Author>starwood6589
<Content>Great stay at the Palace!       sitting area off lobby  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Hector1
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Westin Palace We enjoyed a wonderful four night stay at the Westin Palace in late July. Our bedroom on the fourth floor was very clean, well appointed, and had everything that we could possibly require.The weather was very hot, and we found the air-conditioning in the room to be very effective. Only problem was the extremely high prices in the mini-bar (6 Euros for a small bottle of mineral water!!!). We went to the little shop, just over the road at the rear of the hotel and stocked up.The Rotunda restaurant was absolutely lovely, we were not in a hurry to leave each morning and had some very leisurely breakfasts. The range of food available was very good, and the service very attentive each morning, even at busy times. I would also highly recommend the oriental restaurant within the hotel, we has a fabulous meal there on the final evening.The hotel is very well placed, close the all the major sights, in particular the museums, and very close to the starting point for the open-top hop on/hop off bus, which we used a lot. We bought a two day pass, and went everywhere by bus, which we found very good value for money. It runs all evening as well, and we enjoyed a lovely cool ride around seeing the sights after dark.Two other things that I would highly recommend are the Royal Palace, absolutely beautiful, and the Retiro, a lovely park with the most stunning crystal palace and boating lake within it, a great place to go on Sunday afternoon.We really enjoyed Madrid. There are not as many major sights perhaps as a lot of other cities that we have visited, especially as it is the capital, however, it is a lovely city with a lot of very beautiful buildings and lovely plazas. If we were ever to return, I am sure that we would stop at the Palace again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>telis
<Content>overpriced and dated although the superb service.       exterior view of hotel  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>synapsid
<Content>Ever get the feeling you've been cheated?       Westin's signature comfy bed - how much are you willing to pay for comfort?  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>lucdev666
<Content>Loved it..would go back The hotel was wonderful. There was always someone waiting to help you at any time of the day. They even held our bags for us as we traveled throughout the rest of spain and then came back and picked them up and our way back to Madrid. Overall the hotel was very luxurious and the breakfast buffet was top notch for european hotels  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Leesw8
<Content>Fabulous!       Rotunda Palace Hotel Madrid  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bizwarrior
<Content>Mixed reviews We had two problems there and they weren't resolved. Firstly, my daughter misplaced her bag in a shop (our fault, not theirs) and when I went to speak to the concierge in my passable Spanish, they said that they would contact the store Monday. We were leaving early Sunday morning for NYC and couldn't do so as quickly as they could. I called again from the airport when I realized that a bag of gifts we had bought was stolen when we were talking to the concierge about the other issue. I talked with Alejandro and he searched high and low. I also reminded him about my daughter's bag at the shop on Calle Serano. They said they had everything they needed and would call Monday morning. I called again Monday and learned the bag was found (yeah!) But, they didn't know what to do with it. I had told them that I had spoken to 4 people and they had taken explicit notes. Please send the bag to our address in NYC and you have our credit card as well. Each one said ok. Finally, three days later, the head concierge writes asking me to email my credit card number. Email isn't secure and they already had that information when I initially reported the bag missing. No luck. A slew of emails followed and still no bag.I am really surprised at a concierge service that's is supposed to serve at 5 star leve with this silly behaviour. Get the bag, get the fedex and send it, por favor.I made so many calls to the front desk, concierge and a variety of people about the stolen bag and received lukewarm concern. I agree that we already presented one challenge, two was just too many. I am very disappointed with our experience. This is supposed to be a world class hotel and they behave like they are 3rd rate.Our room was on the SPG floor (am only Gold). Quiet and they served coffee with fruit and papers. I found the Westin Paris much more elegant on the SPG floor and funnily enough, more accomodating.We had room service and they mixed up the first order on our first night and quickly corrected it. The bed was nice as was the bathroom. Superb location as well. Try to get a renovated room.Sadly, the handling of what seems routine turned me off from being there.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	4	2	4	1	-1	

<Author>dealyb
<Content>Westin Palace Madrid, A great stay for this family of 5 My family and I spent 5 days at this hotel and found it to be a verynice place to stay. We did stay in the section being renovated, but the noise stopped at 7pm each day and we were out during the day so it did not matter much to us. The rate we got included breakfast and we found breakfast buffet to be very nice. Lots of selections. the rooms were clean, comfortable and the staff was very pleasant. (we speak spanish, so that probably helped) the hotel is right near the Prado museum and convenient to the metro subway system, which we used often. you are within walking distance of restaurants, museums and a very nice parkRetiro, which I took my six year old to several times. There is a starbucks next door in case you need your fix. There is a business center, and you can get internet in your room if needed. I would definitely stay here again. we had 2 superior rooms with an extra bed for the 6 year old.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jewelianna
<Content>Amazing Hotel This hotel was amazing. It's located right by the museums, within walking distance of Plaza Santa Ana and Puerta del Sol. The service at the front desk was excellent and the concierge was very helpful in finding train times and dinner recommendations. (in English) The hotel bar is under a beautiful stained glass dome in the center of the hotel. The room was large, clean, and luxurious, with a view of the street and fountain beyond. The bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in. The bathroom was completely done in marble and there were robes hanging on the back of the door for guests. The only problem with our stay was the hotel employee who came by to check the mini-bar at 8:30 in the morning every day.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>pili123
<Content>Wonderful hotel My husband and I spent 6 days at the Palace 10 days ago. We had stayed at the Palace for our honeymoon 22 years ago. The hotel is my favorite with excellent service, great breakfast, and the best location in Madrid. You can walk just about everywhere, take the metro, or plenty of taxis outside. The service is excellent. I love the looks of the hotel and the rooms have been upgraded.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PAQ
<Content>Very Good Choice As a Platinum Starwood Preferred Guest member, I almost always stay at Starwood (Westin, Sheraton) hotels. I stayed here using points. Great decision. Conveniently located hotel, friendly reception desk, everyone spoke English, relaxed in the bar, beautiful common areas and hotel room. Very quiet. Starbucks just outside the building. City tour bus just oustide the front door. Down the street from the Atocha train station. Free coffe and fruit in the morning. Free newspaper. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travelling1girl
<Content>Nice but not as nice as the urban I had some problems booking this hotel, on phoning reservations I was told quite abruptly that there were no rooms available. I had just checked online and there were rooms available, so I continued with the online reservation no problem?? Didn't get the corporate rate but the availability was there. Check in was smooth although no help was offered to get my case up the flight of stairs leading to the lifts. The reception area is very nice and spacious and has a luxurious feel.The rooms themselves are nice, ornate and old fashioned in their decor.. The bed was extremely comfortable, the bathroom was fair sized and there was a small balcony overlooking the fountain. The room service menu wasn't great for business travellers, after a long day at work you don't want partridge pasta or squid with ink sauce, just a healthy filling meal. A supposedly well done burger was more what I'd describe as rare, red throughout and at 鈧?4 a pop you can't afford to make mistakes! They ran out of chips at one point too which I find incredible in a hotel that size with 3(?) restaurants and it's not possible to get garlic bread to accompany pasta dishes. Mind you there are plenty of places you can eat nearby. The location is great, easy to walk to the shopping area, museums and main square. The rooms were well soundproofed so traffic noise wasn't a problem. This is a nice hotel but for the money I'd recommend staying in the Urban just up the road. It has all the advantages of location with much friendlier and more attentive staff.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>Scot in America
<Content>A True Five-Star Experience The Palace is one of Europe's great hotels -- beautiful, historic, great service, excellent food, and an air of gentility. The rooms are great, and the people were friendly and very helpful.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gonzo8
<Content>Overall Excellent, but avoid the Executive Suites I have stayed at the Palace three times over the last several years, with my most recent visit in June. I stayed in a junior suite a few years ago, which was excellent, so booked one again for my most recent trip. Upon arrival, I was upgraded to an Executive Suite, which sounded great, until I checked it out! It was big, but strangely configured, with a large oval living room, and a strange ante-room/ hall way connecting the living room to the bedroom, and really old, uninspiring decor (peeling paint, tired feel, drab bedroom). I asked to move to the junior suite I had booked, and was told it was unavailable, which annoyed me. They finally moved me to another executive suite, which was much better, with a very nice bedroom and bathroom, but still some issue with the living room set-up. It was still not set as good as the smaller junior suite, in my opinion (see below).The hotel overall is great, with a good small gym (but no pool), a really nice breakfast buffet which is served in a beautiful room with a glass domed atrium. The building itself is a classic old place . The staff was really helpful (except for one bad steer by the concierge for tapas - La Truja was pretty lame!) and overall it was an extremely enjoyable experience.Hotel location is great - across the street from the Prado and other great museums, 10 minute walk up to the Puerta Del Sol, with a host of bars and restaurants and old shops on the streets between. Great town, Madrid.By the way, on the way out of Spain 2 week later, I stayed at the Palace again for 1 night, got a junior suite, and it was absolutely great. Clean, nice decor, king sized heavenly bed, well laid out, etc. Get the upgrade (you know you want it!) but for my money, don't go with the executive suites.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>NYCfamilyguy
<Content>Great 5 Star hotel This hotel was fantastic from start to finish. Making reservations was a snap, they guaranteed us connecting rooms with the kids, they met us with special kids' packs for our little ones, and had top notch service. The rooms were fantastic, truly beautiful, old world, but modern and well appointed. Great bathrooms and COMFy beds. We loved the gym and the Starwood Guest floor (where we stayed). The Atrium restaurant had fantastic service, though the first night the food was excellent and the second night was not very good. The location of this hotel can't be beat. You are literally across the street from the Thyssen, across the Paseo del Prado from the Prado, around the corner from the Reina Sofia and a few blocks from the Parque Retiro. We had no complaints whatsoever about the hotel -- this was a marvelous place to stay and we would not have wanted to stay anywhere else. Thank you Westin Palace, you are doing it right!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JoanneDublin
<Content>Absolutely loved this hotel We have just returned from a stay in this hotel and we were loathe to leave it!!We stayed for five nights and are already planning a return visit. The rooms are spacious and luxurious. The location is perfect and the service you receive is top class.We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone planning a luxurious city break  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rambmohan
<Content>BEWARE: Price Gouging They charged me a whopping twelve euros (鈧?2) for one minute phone call to the US!!! I know that Communication costs in Europe are expensive, but this was outrageous! (I shouldn't complain...my friend ended up paying 鈧?6 for a six minute call)!BTW...it is not the greatest place to stay either. There are several better five-star hotels in Madrid.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>Cropwell
<Content>Wonderful Hotel We loved this hotel, the service was excellent and not too stuffy.We arrived at 9.30 after a very early flight from Luton to find that they had our room ready and waiting although the check in was not until 2.00pm.We had booked and paid for the most basic room so were pleasantly suprised that we had been upgraded to a room at the front of the hotel overlooking the Neptune fountain. Room was very spacious even allowing for a roll away bed for our 10 year old son.The public areas of the hotel are very elegant especially the Rotunda dome where the breakasts are served, the breakfasts are excellent- but very expensive ! approx 30 euros so I booked with travel republic for a rate that included breakfast.As a special treat we booked a table in the Rotunda reataurant on the Saturday evening and were not disappointed. The setting is beautiful and very luxurious with very good food which is well presented. Whilst not cheap it is would put many a London hotel to shame for value for money.All in all probably the best hotel we have stayed in, the only facility lacking being a swimming pool but with a hotel built in 1912 this would not be expected.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DonFTL
<Content>Better than Expected - nearly 5 star experience Just got back from 5 nights at the Westin Palace in Madrid. I've stayed in many Westin hotels and this one is almost too nice to be labeled a Westin. The Palace Hotel is a perfect hotel for Americans travelling to Madrid (all staff members speak english) for either pleasure or business. (note the Starbucks right next to the building) The place *could* be converted to a St. Regis if they upped the service levels a notch. This hotel seemed to attract alot of Americans and Brits but still remains a grand Spanish hotel.Pros: Rooms - The RENOVATED rooms are excellent. The decor is absolutely beautiful with fabric covered walls and a terrfic marble bath. The included buffet breakfast was well done and we looked forward to it each morning. Neutral - Service - the staff was friendly and we had no serious problems but it wasn't what you would expect in a true 5-star hotel like a Four Seasons or St.Regis hotel. This is a large hotel and the staff seems a bit overworked - also it is difficult to give that personal type of service you would experience at a traditional 5 star property. Think 5 star property with 4 star service. Cons - Rooms - the UNRENOVATED rooms are actually pretty bad and are more like a 3 star experience. We had 2 rooms one was renovated and was absolutely beautiful - the older one was a completely different room from the older very beat-up unrenovated rooms. Standing in the older room made me feel like I was in a completely different hotel.Bottom line - a well known swanky and beaufiful large hotel in a good location in old Madrid. I would highly recommend this property but with a warning to NOT stay at this hotel if you can't upgrade or confirm a newly renovated room. Currently they are finishing the renovations on the 5th floor - I believe the 7th and 6th floor renovatations are complete. (our 5th floor room was renovated and 4th floor was not).  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Fizzy-MoonPerth
<Content>Disappointed for a 5 star Stayed here for 4 nights as part of a conference package  was unimpressed for a supposedly 5 star property. Granted the foyer, meeting rooms, breakfast rooms, hotel staff, etc. were all of a high standard but the hotel room itself was in need of repair. Our lamp did not work, the tv worked sporadically  the wallpaper was peeling. The room was spacious, however,  the bed itself was ok but you do expect more out of a hotel rated this highly.The best part of the Westin Palace is the location - right opposite the Prado  within easy walking distance to all the main attractions.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>errant
<Content>Palace was fabulous We didn't mean to stay at the Palace. We were originally booked at the Hotel Villa Real across the square. However, we switched because we didn't like the Villa Real.The staff was fantastic. We explained our situation at the Villa Real to a patient and kind fellow at the reception desk. He immediately put a room on hold and took the time to show it to us to make sure we'd be satisified. We were.One small snag -- when we were putting our valuables in the hotel safe, it locked accidentally (his key got stuck as well as ours). We were in a bit of a panic because our passports, credit cards and other valuables were locked inside. It took about an hour to get the problem fixed. How did the Westin Palace apologize for this? They upgraded us to a very large and luxurious junior suite (655) on the 6th floor. It was spacious (it even boasted a little walk-in closet!). It was beautifully decorated. The bathroom was massive and the shower fantastic. The bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept on. It was .... perfect. Oh. And they threw breakfast in for free too. A great choice of things to eat -- and in such a beautiful room with a gorgeous dome of stained glass. Stunning. Oh, and they gave us a bottle of sparkling, chilled Cava on our final night, plus some chocolate bars for our teen. They went out of their way to make us comfortable and happy. FANTASTIC service.The Palace is expensive. Beware the $22 Gin and Tonic! But it is beautiful. And you feel pampered. We left Madrid feeling relaxed and happy.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gougy
<Content>Loved Madrid an Westin did the job well       bed to sleep well  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelgirlfromlondon
<Content>Great Excellent hotel in centre of Madrid, walking distance to museums/shops etc. There is a wonderful local park some 15-20min walk if you have some extra time. Our room was excellent although looking a busy road, but double glazing and heavy curtains ensure a good night sleep. The breakfast was excellent and the lobby/bar is quite grandious. Well kept hotel and good base if you visit Madrid.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>drewsusan
<Content>Worthy of its name We stayed here in early May and found the hotel living up to its palacial claim: It is one of the grand hotels of Europe. Its public spaces are among the finest examples of traditional elegance one is likely to encounter. Its location across from the Thyssen and very close to the Prado museums make it exceptionally convenient for tourists. Service was impeccable, with an appropriate mixture of formality and friendliness. I have noted that there has been some criticism of rooms amongst reviews of the hotel; we found our quarters attractive, in perfect condition, consistent with the rest of the hotel. We appreciated internet access through the television, as we had not carried a laptop with us. I should also note the excellent restaurant, Asia Gallery. We both loved it and count it as one of the finest dining experiences we have had recently. The breakfast buffet in the rotunda was top notch as well.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>morevacation
<Content>Honestly, Just OK I stayed at the Palace in April 2007 and overall it provided a so so experience. I was at the Hotel Urban a few nights earlier, and frankly, the Palace loses hands down!1) Location: perfect location for all of the major sites...art, food, drink. There is even a Starbucks around the corner from the hotel if that's your thing.2) Check-in: horrible, horrible, horrible. After waiting in a tremendous line, we were given our room. Amazingly, as we walked in the room a lady was in her robe on the couch frightened by our entry..she actually yelped. Strike 1. We explained to the front desk what had happened...with no apology (not even to the poor lady) we were given a second room. Where's are luggage? Strike 2. The front desk claimed it was in the room...the concierge claimed it was on the way up. 30 mins or so later, I went back downstairs. Well, they lost the luggage. Strike 3. I had to look through piles of bags to find my bags. No apology, nothing...I was an inconvenience. Also, the bag guy gave me a look like I should tip him. In summary, check-in takes about an hour or so. Pretty cool, eh?3) Facilities: I enjoyed the dome bar - - had a fun time sipping a couple of pre-dinner drinks and a night cap. As noted by other reviewers, the hotel does offer a taste of luxury and old world beauty. The breakfast was a nice touch and reasonably good. 4) Room: A little blah...but it had everything that you would expect from a 5 star hotel. Obviously very clean and all the usual amenities. I just wish there was something more exciting about the place, but that's just me.5) Service: I guess my opinion in this regard may be skewed from check-in. Nevertheless, why can't the staff smile? Not sure if this is a policy decision or if they are all just that miserable? Oh well. I will admit that the word must of spread about my check-in experience and the manager sent my girlfriend and I a bottle of wine..a nice peace offering.Overall, we had a blast in Madrid. We just wished that we would have continued to stay at the Hotel Urban or tried another hotel for our final night. The Palace didn't do it for me.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	1	2	4	

<Author>HT1
<Content>Good choice Spent four days here the week after Easter as part of a group of 10. Excellent rate from 1800hotels.com much cheaper than the starwood website rate. Hotel is impressive, very centrally located and well appointed. Could not say that the staff were unfriendly but at the same time they did not blow me away with friendliness. Rooms were traditional in style but good. Breakfast was excellent. Drinks and food were expensive but nothing more that what would be expected from a five star city hotel. Would recommend and would stay here again.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>310Sarah
<Content>Grand Hotel My husband and I spent the last three nights of our honeymoon in Madrid at the Palace. The Concierge staff were terrific --providing a complimentary bottle of champagne and arranging for a private tour of the Prado. Our room was a deluxe queen and did not disappoint. Very spacious with a mirrored entryway, large bedroom and bathroom, and a balcony. We were actually on the first floor, just above the lobby area, and had no problem with street noise or noise from the other rooms.Buffet breakfast was included in our rate, and we both thought it was underwhelming, to say the least. The bacon was so tough as to be inedible and the pastries and bread were pedestrian. There is absolutely no way I would have paid 15 Euro for that, so I suppose it's a good thing it was included. Being Americans, we tried to stay away from Starbucks while traveling in Spain, but our last day there we skipped breakfast at the hotel and opted for coffee and muffins at the Starbucks out front.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>wakeboarders
<Content>nice hotel       hotel front  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>SoCoMass
<Content>Winner in Madrid Loved the Madrid Palace and would definitely re-book. Room was gorgeous - we stayed on the top floor (6) in an SPG preferred guest room (through AmEx) and couldn't have been happier. Our room was a quiet and peaceful retreat amid the busy city. Our room looked into the hotel court yard, which may have cut down on some of the noise. Service was excellent and overall pleasant experience.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LifeisGOOD58
<Content>Worn and noisy Westin Palace is majestic and in a wonderful location. Very close to El Prado and the Von Thyssen Collection (great museum). Check in service was very friendly and efficient. We had a huge suite. Unfortunately, it was somewhat worn and the bathroom shower tile was old and somewhat moldy looking. The biggest problem was that we were on the 2nd floor. One night there was some sort of party and we heard extremely loud music until around 4:00 a.m. It sounded like it was in our room. On a positive note, they did not charge us for that night, but still I would be wary about staying there again unless I was on a high floor. I worked with one Concierge who was incredibly rude - wished I remembered his name. The other Concierges were terrific. The buffet breakfast and lunch at the hotel is great. I would recommend staying there because of the location and the lobby/restaurant area is beautiful. I walked by a modern hotel that looked nice - Hotel Urban, also in a great location.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>atm801
<Content>Absolutely Adore Stayed with two girlfriends for 3 nights on a trip to Spain. Hotel staff really took us under their wing and gave us endless amounts of help/suggestions.Location is fabolous, everything in walking distance (some walks longer than others).Mick Jagger stayed 2 doors down from us!Bathrooms gorgeous. Room itself the same. Very clean. Hotel breakfast delicious.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kab1234
<Content>Wonderful Experience We chose the Palace because we only had 1 night in Madrid and wanted comfort and convenience. The Palace delivered on both! When we arrived, we had been driving from Granada all morning and we were tired and sick of being in the car. We did not want the hassle of trying to drive the car to the rental agency, so the Palace concierge called Hertz for us and arranged for them to come pick up the car - this was so easy and relaxing for us! The rooms are pretty and clean and they have the famous Westin beds that are very comfortable! We had no problems with noise at all. We had a very early departure in the morning and they had a taxi waiting before we even reached the front door.The location is perfect to walk to all the major sites, especially the Prado and the Park Retiro (about 3 minute walk away).My only complaint is that the food and drinks are WAY overpriced, but I guess that's what you get in a 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nicanriogh
<Content>magnificient madrid The Westin hotel is in a great location, near metro and around the corner from bus stop and Open top bus tour. A taxi from to/from airport will cost approx 鈧?5.00. The hotel is old world elegance and I found the staff to be courteous and professional. The bar prices are on the expensive side but the bar and lobby bar are a great place to people watch. We ate in the Asia Gallery restaurant which was lovely and very reasonable, breakfast was usually busy but offered a good choice of hot and cold dishes. Visitors to the hotel should be aware that renovations are currently underway but found that this did not interfere with our stay. Also one more thing for all you smokers out there! This hotel has smoking rooms on second floor so be sure to mention this when booking as the public areas in the hotel are all non smoking. However, the Asian restaurant does have a smoking section should you wish to avail of it.Overall I enjoyed my stay in Madrid and at the Westin and would definitely return to both in the future.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>CSRRye
<Content>Great Stay! After reading the reviews of various hotels in Madrid I was concerned that I would not be able to find anything suitable. After great deliberation between the Ritz and the Palace we choose the Palace and I feel that it was absolutely the right choice. To begin with I cannot understand what other reviewers are complaining about in terms of the service. The concierge was unbelievably helpful and the service at the bar and at breakfast was fantastic- overall the hotel gets a perfect score for service. With all that said the hotel is slightly tired- there was paint chipping on the doors in the bathroom along with a tear in the lamp shades in the entrance hall to our room. However, we were told that the hotel will be going through a renovation soon, so hopefully all of this will be rectified. I am very pick about hotels and I was so impressed with the service that I was able to look over the low points, and I can say that I will definitely be back!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>AvrilQT
<Content>Very Impressed       Sitting Room  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>CYLondon
<Content>Great Hotel - apart from the 8am renovations! We stayed at the Westin for three nights during a well earned short break in Madrid.The hotel is in an ideal location within walking distance of most attractions, and some excellent restaurants. The staff were all very helpful and efficient. The accomodation is very spacious, and well equiped, although some areas required some re decoration. The lobby area / bar and restaurant are all stunning.Unfortunately, on our first and second days, we were rudely awaken from our sleep by extemely loud renovation works taking place directly above us. On the first day this began at 9am, and 8am on the second. We complained about this and to be fair, the response of the management was very fast and generous and could not be faulted.This hotel probably deserves a higher rating, but depriving us of our sleep during a short break is a serious matter.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>bjorkebo73
<Content>Thin walls...neighbours easily heard=> no sleep       Bathroom  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	3	-1	3	

<Author>m-it1978
<Content>Luxury Hotel, service not great The Palace Hotel, is in a perfect location, just across from the Prado hotel. The hotel itself is impressive and the room couldnt be faulted (twin), but i was not impressed by the service., reception staff excluded however. Staff at breakfast were anything but helpful, which was also the case for the staff in the bar and the concierge.This just put a dampner on the stay, if the luxury of the hotel was matched with a similar level of service i would have no doubt about returning to stay, but as this was my first visit to the city i will be trying a different hotel.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>PDXviajero
<Content>Lovely, but the service has slipped The Westin Palace is elegant and nicely appointed, albeit stuffy. I love the dome and the long corridor hallways. The beds are very comfortable and the bathrooms are luxurious. Having said this, the service has slipped since my last stay a few years ago. Some of the employees spoke informally with myself and other guests, and were not always very responsive to requests. It is indeed a beautiful hotel that is very famous, and is worth a stop-in for a cocktail under the dome. The location is excellent. I do think you can do better in Madrid, however.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>sugaraki
<Content>Great location!! I had to go to Madrid for a weekend so a central hotel was an obvious choice. The westin is a bit pricey. Yet the hotel is very impressive and it offers access to all major museums as it is next to the museum area. Also you can walk to plaza del sol or plaza mayor. The reception and the restaurants are more than nice, especially the breakfast area. I wasn't particularly impressed with the twin room we had but noone can argue it was a comfortable room. The bathroom is very nice but nor really spacious. I definitely encourage you to book this hotel for a pleasant holiday in Madrid.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>SFjoe
<Content>Westin Madrid. Worn but decent I just returned from a 4 night stay using my Starwood points for a room at this property in Madrid. I am a platinum Starwood member and try to use points at the nicer properties because they are so expensive and especially in the European locations. What I liked best about this property was the location which is excellent. The Prado was next door as was the modern museum of art on the other side of the square. There is a Starbucks located in the same block for decent coffee and a pastry. There is a Spanish version of Dennys called VIPS which you can get food cheaper than most restaurants but it is not very interesting just filling.What I did not like about the hotel is that they gouge you for everything. A small bottle of water was almost $7. The rollaway was $50 euros a night and a cup of coffee in the hotel was almost $5. Stay away from the overpriced and not very interesting breakfast buffet which is 22 euros. The concierge made lousy restaurant recommendations where the Tapas food was not only terrible in quality but high in price. We made a point of returning to let him know that it was a poor recommendation and he thanked us but the next day I returned for another reason and overheard him giving out the same recommendation to another customer. Typically this means they are getting some sort of kickback to steer you to certain places to eat. Avoid the concierge for anything but directions. The rooms walls were thin and we heard everyone鈥檚 door open and close as well as the room above us. We were in a superior room which was spacious but a bit worn. Rather so-so. The rate for this room was over 500 euros a night and I would have fled after the first night but we were using points to stay there so I did not mind. It is a decent hotel to stay in if you can use points and absurdly overpriced for the prices they charge for the accommodations you get. Our queen size bed had seen a better day since the springs tended to squeak when we got out of the bed. We faced the square which was kind of cool but the constant street noise meant you kept your window closed.In the end it was fine because we were using points but this hotel is not worth what they are charging for a room.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>TravelsABunch
<Content>Best in Madrid The rooms are unbelievable. The best shower in the world no questions asked and the beds are the most comfortable I have ever been in. I do not think you can ask more of a hotel room.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pa2
<Content>grande dame! Very discrete and grand hotel in most center part of Madrid. The two options are the Ritz (no relation to Paris Ritz) and Palace. The Palace caters more to business travelers and wedding parties while the Ritz is pure glamour and celebrity. The Palace is across the street from the Prado, Reina Sofia , and the Thyssen museums. The rooms are the most spacious for any European and Madrileno capital! The recently renovated Rotunda is worth seeing and having a breakfast buffet or lunch. The service is professional and reserved. I would recommend this hotel for its location and grandeur. One can even cross the street for drinks and dinner in the Ritz!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>tom-ny
<Content>Westin Palace- centrally located I began my first 2 days in Spain at the Westin Palace hotel.Centrally located within the museum triangle , you will be able to explore most of the sights of central Madrid easily from this hotel. Regal in appearance, the architecture is classic and elegant. The stained glass domed rotunda restaurant serves as the hub of the hotel and is beautiful and inviting. Having said that, it is ridiculously overpriced. A small diet coke runs 7陆 Euros ( appr. $ 9.00 US) . The breakfast buffet, while complete, is also well overpriced. Room service- welcome to the home of the $25 (mediocre) hamburger. While I do not mind paying for an elegant, well appointed hotel, the surrounding atmosphere should justify it. While the hotel is indeed the epitomy of old world charm, the physical space lends itself to creating a lobby area that is busy and very active at all times, and not a place to relax on the provided couches. The concierge station is well trained and pleasant, but never seem to go out of their way. The front desk staff again are pleasant and ammenable, but not overly welcoming given the status, reputation, and accompanying price of the Palace.  One chooses a 5 star hotel not only for its location and amenities, but also for that extra pampering that is expected when paying a premium price. The hotel, while certainly a comfortable place to return after a day of sightseeing, seems to be missing that je ne sais quoi, that undescribable quality or attribute that seperates a 4 star from an amazing 5 star hotel experience.The hallways are certaily nice, and appear to have double the standard hotel hallway width, with mounted wall sconces outside every room, and upscale carpeting, somehow evoking what one might imagine the Titanic hallways to have looked like. Each guest room has a bell in place of having to knock on the door, as well a hallway visible light that notifies staff of a do not disturb status in place of a paper doorknob hanger. The rooms are decidedly masculine in feel. A wall sized dark wood armoire is large enough to store all of your luggage items, including a double width hanging closet. The bathroom is large and comfortable with double sinks, a large counter area for all of your toiletries, and a toilet and bidet in a seperate- carved glass door enclosed room. The tub-shower combo shows some wear and tear. The bed IS very comfortable as advertised, and the surrounding furniture is fine. The location cannot be beat, and right outside the front door is a Starbucks and a VIP restaurant/store, as well as having the most famous museums across the street,and the Grav Via area a short walk away. The lobby bar is a quiet oasis away from the hectic lobby, decorated in dark wood paneling conjuring up a gentleman's club feel. An enjoyable place to enjoy a ( very overpriced) cocktail as a break from your sightseeing journey. In conclusion, if you are able to get your room here for a decent price, certainly go ahead and you will not be dissapointed. If you are paying $300 a night ( as I did) , you will probably find yourself wanting more from the experience and from this hotel where its reputation precedes it. For the price, I strongly recommend the Park Hyatt Villa Magna as a more sedate, luxurious choice. Located in the upscale Salamanca district, it is also conveniently located to most tourist sights in a much quieter, park like setting.Restaurant El Teatriz, located close to the hotel, is a wonderful place for an elegant dinner in a renovated theater turned into a restaurant ( appr. $ 80 US per person for dinner) .  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>purebob
<Content>Palace at a Price We wanted to stay somewhere nice for our 20th wedding anniversary weekendin September 2006 and I always fancied the Westin Palace from when I stayed in Madrid on buisness trips.I booked through the Starwood website.The hotel is well and conveniently situated in central Madrid near to the Retiro park and the museum quarter. It is a grand old building, with fine appointments, although it is starting to show its years of use just a little. The entrance hall is very grand, and the concierge very efficient. Our check in was very efficient, with a friendly and helpful counter agent who upgraded our room when she heard we were on our anniversary visit. Our room was small ( even upgraded) but beautifully appointed. We were a little disappointed that the much vaunted  heavenly bed was only a double, not a queen or king size, but it was opulently covered and quite comfortable.The bathroom and shower room was exemplary - it is a pity that one has to pay for a five star hotel in order to get such lovely and enjoyable facilities. The view from the small window was of the Plaza de Las Cortes - a bustling traffic roundabout and the retiro park beyond.After a reminder from me, the staff bought up the sparkling wine and flowers I had pre-booked for my wife. The delay did not spoil our visit.A quick look at the minibar and room service menus caused us to laugh - a small jar of jelly candies at 鈧?.50, and a Mars Bar 鈧? for example !!I popped out to the VIPS store on the Plaza to stock up on such items for a tenth of the price instead !The restaurant is very grand - airy and charismatic under a glass dome,but sadly also cripplingly bad value. Fortunately Madrid is well provided with fantastic eateries and we found several lovely venues over our stay, where we experienced wonderful local cuisine and ambience for realistic prices.The gym on the top floor is very well stocked with equipment, which seems to never be used. We were surprised that this lovely hotel did not have a pool however.Breakfast was fine, with a chef adding freshly cooked Tortillas Espanol to the broad and tasty buffet repast.All in all we had a fine stay, but less adventurous vistiors might have paid much more than they needed to for somewhat overpriced hotel services. To be honest our weekend was so lovely and romantic , we could hardly remember the hotel as anything less than wonderful, but the Westin Palace CERTAINLY played its part in the romance of our celebration weekend.Recommended to either visitors confident enough to seek out alternative eating and drinking venues, OR the very wealthy !  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Kellysan
<Content>Beautiful, comfortable hotel with a great concierge! We just returned from spending 3 nights at the Westin Palace in Madrid. Our trip had an unfortunate start when my wallet was pickpocketed while walking around the neighborhood of the hotel. I immediately contacted the concierge and she jumped into action and helped me cancel my credit cards. She was extremely kind and helpful in a very stressful situation. She even sent us some sparkling water and a fruit plate along with a letter letting us know that she was there if we needed any additional help. She really came through for us! Our room was quiet and comfortable. We loved the heavenly bed and heavenly shower. We also had dinner at the rotunda restaurant and drinks at the bar. Service was outstanding and we would stay here again. Although, next time I'll wear a money belt.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>el_midnite
<Content>It's grand in location, decor, rooms so-so. Madrid's Westin Palace is just that: a palace. As many have stated, one cannnot beat the location or the public rooms. It's an 8-iron from the Prado and that other fine museum with the hard name to pronounce. Do see it, though.The common areas are fabulous. The standard rooms, those not on the SPG floors: kinda ok, sort of typical. Really nothing to write home about, and I do write about my hotels...a lot. It's a nice, decent, hotel. The problem is it can be one of the more pricey properties around.I found the desk staff to be quite accomodating and helpful. they're pro's, it shows. Concierge was ok, not out of this world, not a total hobo. I tried room service, not bad, but did not otherwise eat in the hotel. Actually, you shouldn't, we're talking Madrid here, baby! If you cannot have great food in Madrid, you might as well stick a fork in your proverbial bad self. Westin Madrid Palace is a fine property, it's just not blockbuster great. Good, solid, fine....ok, but not grand.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>UTLonghorn2000
<Content>Great Location, So-So Hotel       lobby  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>dimsum
<Content>Grand Building, Cold Person We booked the room from the Hotel web site before our arrival. When we came to the front desk, gave the staff our confirmation number and wanted to check-in, the staff refuse to help us checking in simply because he could not find any record in his computer. We said that it was the hotel's problem that the information was not shown in his computer, not ours!!!! His reply was he can't help. How can a frontline staff in a five star hotel could have such an unhelpful attitude when he was on duty. We were not asking for extra, we just wanted to checked in as we had already had the full payment pre-paid!!!!!Since I didn't have the confirmation letter in hand, I asked for using their business center so that I could access my email in order to have the confirmation letter printed out. He refused again and ignored us!!!!!!!!!Then my boyfriend broke his temper and finally another staff came to us. The attitude of this staff was completely different. She let us used the business center so that I could show her the hotel confirmation in my email account. We finally completed the check-in procedure and she appologized for the event and sent us a sparkling wine for free. The whole process took us almost an hour!!!!!!!!Other than our bad experience with the checking in, other things with the hotel was ok. But we will never go back to this hotel again or recommend it to our friend.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>bluemax9595
<Content>First Class We stayed at the Ritz and were thoroughly disappointed. We then moved over to the Westin which is across the street. The location is central to all the major galleries. Everything was great and a better value. The rooms and the entire hotel have been renovated. The beds are oh so comfortable after you have been walking around Madrid all day. The bathrooms are huge. They have double sinks with marble countetrtops. The rooms are quiet. The buffet breakfeast was great also. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Vien
<Content>could be better This hotel certainly has one of the best locations you can imagine, just 2 minutes from prado in the center of the city - which on the other hand makes it a noisy place. But with closed windows it is ok and aircondition is working efficiently and silently.The Palace is a beautiful old hotel with a stunning hall. Rooms are small as in most city hotels but testefully furnished. You can see that it is a chain hotel, rooms are as like as two peas in a pod - maybe a re-upholstery would do good.We needed nearly more than half an hour to check in and this seems to be standard because we always saw lots of guests waiting at the front desk - should not happen in a 5star hotel.The promoted heavenly beds have extremely soft mattrasses and are not new so tht we woke up with a bad backache.Smokers do not have an easy life at the Westin Palace as there are just two small rooms where it is allowed to smoke: one of them is a showroom for replicas open during the day from 11-16.00 and does not have any chair (!) the other one is used for parties and in the evening booked by groups.... in the restaurant, bar etc. it is strictly forbidden to smoke and there is no terrace or pavement cafe. I have seen elegant ladies smoking outside the entrance ....  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>sseansully
<Content>Westin Palace-Nice, expensive Very nice hotel. Rated it neutral based on value (very expensive). Room was good sized, lobby area nice, location terrific (right across from the Prado and near other fabulous museums). We were told to get the breakfast inclusive deal, but since we were using Westin points, we couldn't. The breakfast costs close to 40e, so if you can, do as we were told, get the breakfast included!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>dreamholiday
<Content>Fantastic location - pure luxury! Stayed here in september. Fantastic location in a beautiful city. Our room was at the back of the hotel is it was nice and quiet.The standard of accommodation and the main hotel were really beautiful.Breakfasts were buffet style and fantastic! Have stayed in many 5 star hotels and i would recommend this one.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>manhatter
<Content>Almost Fit for a Queen or King A real palace- fit for a queen or king. What a feeling of luxury in the public rooms. The domed lobby/restaurant is fabulous. One of the best breakfast buffets I've ever had.Incredible assortment of foods and beverages including sparkling wine and amazing thick dark hot chocolate. Now, that's the way to start your day! Definitely 5 stars!!!Guestrooms were not as luxurious as the public rooms at least not the standard room that we had. In fact, it was in need of a paint job. The bath had chipped paint, the carpet was torn in the bedroom and there were dirt marks on the ceiling??? However, the bedding was very comfortable ! But definitely not 5 stars.Excellent location- Across the street form the Pardo, the Tourist bus, the Thyssen Museum.Helpful but harried concierge and door staff.Attentive service in the restaurant. Good gym faciltiy although a little difficult to find.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>caramelgirl
<Content>Great Hotel, Fab Location, Poor Service We stayed here for my birthday this month.The hotel is lovely looking, is in a great location and is pretty grand (although fairly over the top, reminded me of the Venetian in Vegas!). The gym is a total bonus and the terrace up there is lovely. Plus we had a great night's sleep on the 5th floor (it was very peaceful).The one thing that lets the place down is the service. There is always a queue to check in or check out (even late in the evening). Similarly a queue to see the concierge (who was not a cheery soul). Worst was the room service (they call it Service Express). My boyfriend had requested 4 days before arrival that flowers and wine be in our room upon arrival for a birthday surprise (very sweet of him!). They weren't there upon arrival. They weren't there after a prompting 'phone call. They took 5 hours after check in to arrive. And then it was separately. And when we had our Do Not Disturb sign illuminated- and were actually about to siesta. The message to accompany the flowers never arrived. The flowers were in an oasis stand, not a bouquet (as had been requested). And when we rang down for an iron it didn't arrive. So after 45 minutes (as we were getting late to leave) we rang again. Then we were told that they had run out. But no-one had bothered to call us. This is poor service. And it is frustrating because it is something that much cheaper hotels can, and do, get right. I think it is just lazy management (W hotel in NYC does not have these problems according to my boyfriend).I would recommend the hotel, but would warn you to be very wary of room service. We should have demanded that they waive the cost of the flowers. But we didn't as we were late (because of queueing for ages at the check-out, and because it is the kind of thing that sours a holiday).  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Braindrain
<Content>Great location, grand dame hotel       hotel lobby  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>RookieYogi
<Content>Best Luxury Hotel The Palace Westin Hotel or shold I say el palace as the local madrileno refer to it, is the best luxury hotel in Madrid. Strategically located on the Paseo del Prado, across the street from the beautiful plaza de Neptune. A fantastic location helps a lot, but it is well appointed designer rooms, great amenties and fantastic staffr that make this The Best hotel in Madrid for both the business and pleasure.travelor. I grew up in Madid and have stayed in many of the best hotels in tte world..and the Westin Palace is one of the few that really delivers!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>americantraverler
<Content>Great stay with the family Stayed at the Palace for 3 nights at end of July with spouse and 2 kids (ages 6 and 11). Request was made for 2 adjoining rooms with one queen and 2 twin beds and request was granted. My room with the queen bed was very nice but the kids room had a stained rug and stained and dirty curtains. Bathrooms in both rooms were new and very nice. Breakfast buffet was included and was great. Great selection of food. Hotel was nice and the room was very quiet even though it overlooked the Neptune Fountain! Beds were very comfortable and shower was nice. Location was very central to all museums and restaurants. Walked to the Plaza Mayor for dinner 2 nights. We all enjoyed our stay and would recommend the hotel to visitors.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StevenAllen
<Content>It really is a palace We stayed here for three nights wrapping up a two week trip to Spain. We got a very reasonable rate from the Starwood website, including breakfast. Much to our surprise, upon arrival we learned that we had been upgraded to a junior suite on the top floor with a complimentary bottle of sherry and two sherry glasses. The room was very spacious and extremely well appointed; beds were very comfortable (they don't call them the heavenly bed for nothing). On the whole we thought the service was very good. Concierge bought us tickets for the Picasso exhibit; chambermaids were very responsive to all requests. There was one instance when no one answered at the concierge desk at 8:30 a.m., but no one's perfect. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ReviewNow
<Content>Sumptuous and well worth the expense. Excellent location; superbly trained staff; safe for solo female travelers; food and bar out of the world. No better place to stay in central location near museums. Caters to a convention crowd during the week but weekends hotel filled with tourists from all over the globe. Absolutely exquisitely restored palace. Ask for a city view of the Neptune Fountain.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MidwesternerAbroad
<Content>Typical Westin but very pricey We are Starwood hotel frequent stayers. We used points to stay 10 nights at the Westin Palace in April, 2006. Postives: Our room had a Heavenly Bed (down bedding, high thread count sheets, good mattress) and marble finishes in the bathroom. Showerhead was very nice with plenty of water pressure. We were given a smallish room on a Club level floor with views overlooking the plaza below (directly across from the Prado Museum and next door to the Thyssen Museum). The windows are placed high, but we were able to see an Easter week procession from the room.) I was happy with the room (exactly what I expected from a Westin) and loved the location of the hotel (convenient to lots of the tourist stuff and in a very nice neighborhood.) Negatives: both check-in and check-out were unbelievably long (people in line at check-in were red in the face and complaining), breakfast is like $45 per person per day (for a buffett that does not justify the price) and we often had to wait 10-15 minutes for a taxi when heading out for dinner. I recommend buying bottled water/drinks for the room at the VIPS and breakfasting at the Starbucks on the plaza. The add-on charges here are really steep so watch out! Americans are likely to find this hotel pricey for what you get (certainly there are cheaper Westin's in the states) but you're in prime Madrid real estate at this hotel and you're in Europe, which is just generally pricey overall.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>meb3q
<Content>Disappointing Service We stayed at the Westin during the first week of July. Initially, the representative checking us in told us he was giving us an upgrade to a higher floor, but it was actually a downgrade. The room was old, the wallpaper was peeling, the paint was chipped and the bathroom tub was actually dirty. Disgusting. Even worse, when we tried to call and complain, the telephone didn't work properly and my friend had to jiggle the phone cord to get a dial tone.We were subsequently moved to a renovated floor and it was like night and day. The room was lovely, the bathroom was remodeled and we had a view of the fountain directly outside the hotel.While the location is outstanding and the housekeeping staff is wonderful, the concierge was atrocious. Every time we went to ask a question, it was as if we were bothering them. Once, the desk refused to call us a cab and told us to look for cabs with a green light. Gee thanks! Unbelievable. I've stayed at plenty of 5 star hotels, and this was the worst service EVER.If you stay there, don't expect assistance from the staff, and make sure you get a room on a renovated floor.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>WalterNC
<Content>Don't stay here if you don't know what to do in Madrid The concierge, front desk and service express are so busy that they never answer the phone (or only do so after 20 rings) and the lines to wait to talk to them are horrible. The hotel is quite large and crowded, so even the wait for the elevator can be a long one. The concierge gives the same recommendations for dinner places so that virtually all the customers are from the westin palace hotel. The recommendations are not very good, evidenced by the fact that locals don't eat at these places. Location is good; Madrid is quite manageable with a good metro system and the metro stop is a 5-minute walk from the hotel. Both restaurants in the hotel are mediocre. The Asian Gallery touts a unique menu, but the items are similar to any U.S. carryout place and quite overpriced...25 euros for lunch per person.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>RinTulsa
<Content>great hotel Stayed here while vacationing in Madrid. Location next to the Prado and the Thyssen is big plus. In addition, we had a room overlooking the square and the fountain. Rooms were large and clean and comfortable, breakfast in the stained glass ceiling dining room was pretty neat, staff was very helpful and polite. Beautiful hotel.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>20 Years Later And Still Shining! 1986 to 2006 and the PALACE HOTEL MADRID is still a stellar example of superior service, spacious, clean, well appointed accomodations, beautiful public spaces, elegant without being overly stuffy. Centrally located to major attractions, GREAT Restaurant recommendations within walking distance and ease of use with banked Starwood Points.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>J_Robison
<Content>Visually impressive, top service This hotel was the most visually impressive of several we visited in France and Spain. We had an inside room on the 4th. My hobby is construction and my eye appreciates the choice and placement of green marble and premium carpet flooring in the hallways. The lobby is huge with shops, salons, a restaurant and meeting rooms hanging off the periphery. The location gets you quickly into the old city core, the key museums and also to the southern train station. The internet rate on a basic room seems very reasonable for the location and luxury. Service was notibily precise and professional.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>diamondsgirl
<Content>High Marks for this Property We recently stayed at the Westin Palace in Madrid, from April 23rd to the 26th 2006. Overall the hotel is very pretty,especially the Rotunda where all the meals are served. The common areas are very nice and clean. Our room was on the 4th floor(highly recomended), about 400 Sq Ft, with a king bed. The Westin is famous for its Heavely Bed,which lives up to its press as far as comfort.The bathroom had a large vanity that included 2 sinks. There was some street noise,but only occassionally. We arranged ,via the internet, for an airport pick up which went fine. Our room was ready when we arrived at 10AM. The staff is efficient and friendly. Daily housekeeping was thorough and timely.The conceirge arranged for 2 of the dinners we had outside the hotel. If you are interested in watching television the English channels are few and include, Travel Channel, CNN,CNBC, and MTV. If you are a cigar smoker and want to indulge in a Cuban try to buy it outside the hotel at a Tobacco stand .,for the bar will charge you 29Euros.We were fortunate to stay at the end of our trip at the Ritz in Madrid. The Palace tends to have more conferences and business types than the Ritz. Also as lovely as the Palace is the Ritz is more old world elegant. .  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Westin My good girl friend and I stayed at the Westin Madrid for three nights in March. We were doing a tour of Lisbon, Paris, and Madrid. I am a starwoods preferred member and was able to stay on the preferred floor for non-smoking members. I really enjoyed the Westin and the rooms were great and larger than most European rooms which was nice for two females. Can't say enough about the rooms the location was also very nice and in a great location and within walking distance to everything which was nice. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average Hotel in a nice location I stayed here for a conference in Madrid. I had done extensive research prior to travelling and between Yahoo travel and Trip advisor, most people recommended this place and the Intercontinental hotel which was slightly cheaper. Many people discourage travellers from staying at the Hotel Ritz (Not a Ritz Carlton property).I stayed for 5 days and my stay was absolutely average. I stayed in a premium queen room that was about 260$ a night with a promotion that was being run (25% off 5 nights or more). The lobby is beautiful but the rooms were small and the carpet was tearing in many places and in need of repairs--as is said in many reviews. The housekeeping woke me up many times, despite the do not disturb light being on. Additionally, the restaurants (one Asian and one Spanish) had good food but not exceptional and were very overpriced--there are much better restaurants elsewhere. The fitness center is up to date but small, however, the staff there is no where to be found and there is a smell of cigarette smoke at the fitness center check-in desk. The concierge was very good at recommending restaurants that were excellent. The location is excellent. It is walking distance to the Prado Museum and botanical garden behind the museum. The Banco Espana metro stop is about a 8 min. walk. There are many nice shopping areas nearby. In summary, it was an average hotel that is overpriced for what it delivers. I would stay somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>trespequitas
<Content>loved the westin My parents and I stayed at this hotel during the second week of April, and we loved it. It has a great location, in front of the Neptune fountain, Prado museum and Thyssen Bohermiza museum. Atocha the train station is a 10 minute walk away if you want to go on day tours of nearby ciites. The attention was great and breakfast was very good. If possible get a breakfast inclusive rate, it will really set you up for the day with plenty of fresh fruit and a variety of warm dishes. The hotel is well worth the money you paid, specially if you can get a good internet rate. I can only critisize one thing, the room was not available when we arrived at the hotel because we were coming in on a transatlantic flight and arrived at the hotel at 10.30 am, we had requested early check in but the hotel was fully booked, true official check in is at three but this category of hotel usually puts service ahead of rules, we lucked out and had our room withing 15 minutes.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SteveBazakas
<Content>Spectacular Old World Hotel; business-oriented My wife, two teenaged daughters and I stayed here from March 16-18.The hotel is on one of the main plazas, a very short walk to the important museums. There are plenty of restaurants in the area, and there is a Starbucks in the building facing the plaza. Be prepared for noise and traffic. It's a big city feeling.The hotel is in excellent condition. The lobby, common areas and rooms are very opulent. You can't beat the Heavenly Beds in the Westins.The service was very good and efficient, but somewhat cold. In general, I believe this is typical in Madrid, and in particular, this hotel caters to a business clientele.We only ate dessert at the hotel, and I don't think I've ever seen anything that expensive!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wyvn
<Content>Beautiful hotel, good service, good location Stayed 4 nights with my family. We had gotten a good rate based on price matching through starwood. It was supposed to be in dollars however they had it in their system as euros. After pointing this out to them with the official paper work they quickly fixed it.The hotel itself is very posh. The rooms were typical 4-5 stars hotel. 2 sink Marble bathroom, VERY comfy queen size (kings are only available in the suites) bed, desk, tv, table, 2 chairs.Hotel staff was very friendly, always opening doors and help take the stroller up the initial flight of stairs. We ate in the rotunda dining room one night just because it was beautiful looking. The food was good but overpriced. Service was excellent and treated the kids very well.The location of the hotel was in the center of town and we were able to walk everywhere from this location and get a good feel. Lots of good little dining areas around the hotel as well. One is on the other back side of the hotel called La Cocina de Neptuno.The kids menu was awesome. Great prices (many things around 4-6 euros) and lots of food! The pancakes were great and came with chocolate and strawberry syrup. Hot chocolate the wonderful as well. My daughter loved this a lot.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Starting to crack Wonderful location, to be sure, but at these prices, there is no excuse for cracks in the walls with bits of dry wall missing. Not to mention the dangling light fixture in the bathroom with exposed wires. I would recommend trying another hotel nearby.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>melgares
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic in every way!!!! I purchased a Luxury Link Package for a five night stay and I have to say EVERYTHING was perfect. From the front doorman Luis to the service we received in the restaurant and bar Miguel everything was perfect. The food in the restaurant was absolutely five star quality. I especially liked the perfectly tailored suits the staff were wearing, every detail was perfectly orchestrated. If you want to thoroughly enjoy the sophistication and luxury that Madrid's finest hotel has to offer stay at the Palace. I also have to say the Ms. Molero the Reservations Manager was extremely helpful and went above and beyond to make certain our reservations were perfect. Thank You again for everything.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SkyeTraveler
<Content>Elegant hotel in beautiful part of Madrid The Westin Palace is located in the most elegant part of Madrid, very close to the Thyssen-Bornemisza (right across the street), the AMAZING Prado, and the Buen Retiro park and its beautiful surrounding neighborhoods.I had only one complaint about our room: the curtains were disgustingly filthy -- stained and so dusty it made us sneeze! The rest of the room, though, was fine. It was spacious, quiet, and very comfortable.As for dining options, our package included breakfast, which consisted of a deluxe spread of cereals, fruit, cheese, ham, smoked salmon, yogurt, and pastries, all served in the beautiful glass-domed room. We walked to Santa Ana square for great tapas in the evening, and ate at the Thyssen for lunch (it has a wonderful modern restaurant with a good fixed-price lunch menu.) Stop by the Ritz, right across the roundabout, for a drink. It would probably cost as much as raiding the hotel minibar, and the surroundings are much more memorable!300 euro per night, inluding VAT and breakfast, was a very good price for this part of Madrid. We would certainly stay in this hotel again.P.S. As all the guidebooks warn, the taxi drivers will try to rip you off if they know you're a tourist. The one who took us to the airport insisted on a huge supplement. Madrid should be ashamed of its crooked taxi drivers!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>C1981
<Content>Beautiful hotel....a little stuffy? My sister and I stayed in a twin room at the end of February over the weekend. Service was very good and staff was very polite despite our casual approach to trip (there are alot of business travelers using the hotel). The dining area is really beautiful and the place drips with old-world character. The rooms were nice. A little tired maybe. Not quite perfect...i.e the curtains were grubby and paint was chipped in several places etc. But they were spacious and we had a small balcony which made a massive difference. Ask for a 4th floor room if you want french doors onto a balcony...great street views. Breakfast was great...anything you could possibly want, including smoked salmon and champagne! The hotel was very nice but i would chose somewhere with a more modern idea of luxury next time.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>roaderunner
<Content>Great Hotel, but eat and drink elsewhere!!!! I stayed at the Palace from 6th March to 8th March. The hotel itself is breathtaking and in a prime location. However as others have found on this site the charges are over the top 9.5 euros for a half beer and 19 euros for a vodka and coke are a rip off, the local tapas bars are a must and the prices are better only 2-3 euros for a beer. The staff at the hotel are all very frienldy and the cleanlines of the hotel during my stay was excellent.I would recommend going to the retiro park and the prado and thyssen museums, these are all within a 5-10 minute walk. The main shops are about 10-20 minute walk away and there is plenty to see and do in Madrid.Overall I had an enjoyable stay at the Palace and would definitley go back again.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travellingKoalas
<Content>Good but some reservations. My wife and I stayed three nights over a week-end and had booked a junior-suite. The arrival in the handsome foyer is somewhat let down by having to queue for some ten minutes to check-in, since the hotel can get very busy and there are only two over-worked receptionists. Some members of staff come to you whilst you queue, to offer you some complimentary refreshments, which is a nice touch, but it seems to me that they would be better employed behind a reception desk. Then, the non-smoking junior-suite we were given was very tired looking, and smelt like the inside of a smokers train-carriage, and the king sized bed we had requested, (and was confirmed to us) was no more than 1M60 in width. We complained to reception,(by phone to avoid having to queue again), and were given a very handsome junior suite on the fourth floor, which gave on the much quieter back of the hotel. This junior-suite consisted of a long beige marble-floored corridor which led to a very nice oval shape sitting room, a large bathroom with a window , a separate toilet cabinet, and a comfortable bedroom with a proper king-sized bed. The equipement was good, with two TVs, a CD player, fax etc...and nicely furnished too. But it was perhaps a little tired looking with small tears on the wallpapers, many cracks on the ceiling, and the large double picture-lamp had come off the wall, and was hanging by its electric wires over the head of the bed like some sword of Damocles. We mentioned it to house-keeping and a man came, took away the lamp, saying that he would returne to fix it and never did, leaving a hole in the wall with two live-wires sticking out during our whole stay.The bed was very comfortable, soft but supportive, but I disliked the pillows which felt like they had been half filled with cotton balls; your head just sank in them so you had to tuck them all the time. Another irritation was that when the room was cleaned the next day, we found a little card on the bed explaining that the sheets had not been changed, and if we wanted them changed tomorrow we should leave out that little card, and all because the Westin Palace had strong feelings about conservation issues.Right... This reminds me of the very expensive London Hilton which tells you, also on a card, that in order to maintain your privacy they have surppressed the evening turn-down service unless you specifically arranged it with them. Regrettably I notice more and more often that large hotel groups are making up lame excuses, to cut down on their expenses.The hotel was very well located if, like us, your aim is to visit all the main art museums, and the restaurants are not very far, a five euros-taxi ride will take you to the nicest ones.In the end I had to conclude that the hotel was, on the whole, good, especially since our stay was very good value. We used one of their many packages on offer where two nights would give you a extra third night free; at 450 euros a night, with the free night it worked out an average of 300 euros a night, for a large junior suite, with breakfast, right in the heart of a major Europeen city. Similar accommodation in central Paris, London or Rome would cost over double that amount.So my advice is, do choose this traditional palace hotel for a stay in Madrid, if you can get a good value package, and don't expect 'Four Seasons' type of service level since the doormen won't open the door for you and the staff in the public areas stay chatting together in small groupes and on the whole are neither very pleasent nor helpfull; (with one or two rare exceptions).Oh, and buy your own water since the mini-bar (with no price list) will charge 5 euros for a tiny 30cl bottle!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best in Madrid. great service, immediate check in , check out. attention from everyone. clean rooms. bathroom was beautiful. perfect location. i was there feb 8-14th for the ARCO exhibition. only one complaint. i asked for a suggestion from the concierge about where to get a good paella, and he directed me to a restaurant that was shut down for construction... $5 euro cab ride down the drain. but thats okay, everyone makes mistakes. this hotel was definately the best in madrid. better than the ritz!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfectly Fine 5 Star We stayed there for Valentines Day in Room 181. It is very centrally located and therefore a perfect starting point to explore the city. We are quite picky when it comes to hotels and I must say the Westin is a real 5 star hotel, with excellent service, nice  spacious rooms and a nice royal ambient. Not that I was blown away, but definetly worth going.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>profruth
<Content>Loved the Palace I just returned from a stay at the Westin Palace in mid January. This is an outstanding hotel with beautiful decor and an ideal location. The room was a good size and the beds were really heavenly. The marble bathroom was pretty and came with a bathrobe.I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here and would defintely return here in the future.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Normal Traveler
<Content>Loved it I booked this hotel before reading the TripAdvisor reviews. I was a bit nervous after reading them. I don't like snotty hotels that treat you differently if you aren't obviously wealthy. Thankfully, we experienced none of the negativity that the other reviewers express.Check-in and check-out only took about 10 minutes. The front desk and concierge folks were incredibly friendly and spoke excellent English. The waitstaff was not overly chatty but was pleasant and efficient.The room was very comfortable and was not as small as other European hotels I've stayed at. The beds were comfortable, and the hotel supplied big, real towels and comfy robes. We did have a few issues with outside noise; that did not seem to be a problem with the hotel, but with Madrid in general (i.e. trash pickup at 3am).The location was awesome--right across the street from the Thyssen-Bornemisza and a few blocks from The Prado. I would wholeheartedly recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jwilli3470
<Content>Super Hotel ! We stayed 10 night from Dec 7-17 2005. We do not understand the negative reviews of this hotel. The Christams decorations were wonderful, friendly staff, nice room with all amentities and fabulous beds. Fantastic location near the major art galleries. Affordable restaurants right next to the hotel. We would love to return to this hotel. They even did the bill in dollars so that we did not have to pay a credit card conversion fee.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wired2theworld
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, amazing beds!       View from room at night  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, staff is pretentious and snooty Just stayed here from Nov. 21-24th. The good:The location is excellent. Pretty much across the street from the Prado Museum and in a very nice part of the city. The Heavenly Bed is no joke. I found it more comfortable than our bed at home. The room was nice. We were on the 5th floor on the inside facing the courtyard in the middle. Actually there is no courtyard, the center of the hotel is where the atrium is located.The bad:The place is pretentious and I felt a bit young to be there(I am 35). Lots of businessmen in the hotel at all times of the day with their suits and ties on stuffing the place up. Went to dinner at the Asian Gallery(very good food if you can afford it!) and every man in there was wearing a suit and tie. The staff acted apathetic towards me the entire time we were there. It seems they are focused on the business people that stay there and could care less about the tourists. I asked the concierge to book me a dinner reservation and he never did it. I asked in the morning and never heard anything back when I came back from sightseeing in the afternoon. I called the front desk and the concierge I talked to had gone for the day and did not leave me any messages. I think if I was some business VIP this would have been done but, because I am a nobody American tourist that looks too young to be staying in their hotel I did not even get a response. Because we stayed there during the week from Monday-Thursday, the price we paid for the hotel was not nearly as much as they charge on the weekends. Which is good because I would have been really disappointed if I had stayed over a weekend and paid their normal room rate. This hotel is nice but, I will not be going back here next time. This hotel is for business people and travelers over 40 years of age.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>4	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>woorob
<Content>Great hotel, but why the high price for internet access? This is an excellent hotel in a great location.However, the staff is a bit on the snotty side and why oh why do they charge 17 Euros for 24 hours of internet access? Everywhere I have recently stayed has had free internet access -- including an excellent $50 per night hotel in South Dakota -- so why the outrageous charge here??  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>moraira
<Content>Not the best of Madrid Hotels As others have said, the Palace has a great position and outstanding central public rooms.However as others have also said the service is mediocre and the prices for extras are not justifiable.Sheets are not changed unless you spot their card that MUST be placed on the bed to get a change. The bathroom had seen better days, some of the marble shirting was missing, and the housekeeping was not up to the mark even for a lower ranked hotel than this hotel.Our room did not have a price list for the mini-bar, and over our 4 day stay we had 2 small bottles of water from the mini-bar. We were charged $5 for EACH bottle. The checkout clerk was unappologetic, and the duty manager frankly could not have cared less about our problemIn the end they have lost our future business because of this vicious overcharging for extras, and poor service.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hit or Miss Was quite worried after reading the reviews here just before going and after having to queue for 15 minutes in order to check in upon arrival, without an apology, was thinking I should of changed to another hotel, however we did enjoy our stay. The Superior Deluxe room was spacious and airy on the 4th floor. But the service was very much a hit or miss event, when we asked for clean towels they did arrive promptly, but to get a top up of coffee at breakfast was another story, it seemed the waiters made a point of marching around not looking at anyone and after asking 3 times one morning for some hot water and getting our own cutlery did wonder if this should be a 5* hotel. The prices however certainly reflected 5* prices with a kit kat from the room being one of the most expensive we have come across at 7.50 euro's, hence we didn't endulge. This hotel is situated centrally and comfortable with plenty of character but the staff could cerainly do with some much needed customer service training.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Derrico
<Content>Fantastic Had a great stay here. Hotel is right in the middle of the museum district. Great location. Rooms are elegant. The heavenly bed is indescribably good after a hard day looking at paintings! Staff was polite and efficient. Only down side to the place, was that the hotel bar and restaraunts are very expensive, but that is to be expected at a five star hotel. (I ate elsewhere.) With priceline rate this was a fantastic deal, and I will be back if I can swing it.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>skibuff
<Content>Great stay       Dining Room Rotunda  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>amazing!!! Perfect location! Beautiful hotel, Got a really good rate in their web page!Will be back!!!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rotterdam_traveller
<Content>Just above average Noblesse oblige, but the Palace doesn麓t feel obliged more than absolutely necessary. Its location is excellent and the doorman litterally just has to blow the wistle and a within seconds there麓s a taxi waiting. There麓s so much to choose from at the breakfast buffet, that one could eat a different breakfast for a whole month. The public spaces are impressive, but that麓s about it.In our Junior Suite (room 558) the carpet was loose and, as happens more often, the interior of the room was rather bleak compared to the pictures. Staff wasn麓t as helpfull or friendly as they could be, quite some social skills are required from guests with some of them. And, last but not least, prices are outrageous. Ever paid 鈧?7,50 for a KitKat or Mars bar? Come to the Palace ...This hotel may qualify for 4 stars, if some staff become a bit more friendly. Westin should think again about the price/quality ratio. One last pro though: it was rather quiet. No wonder ....  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Seckel
<Content>Poor service and outrageous prices I stayed at the Westin Palace for four nights. I thought the hotel's public spaces were impressive and elegant. The same could not be said for the room, however, which was small and rather dark, with an uncomfortable bed and sheets and towels that were not changed unless the guest requested the service. I have never experience this in any luxury hotel in Europe. Room service was terrible: one evening we ordered ice at 7 p.m. Forty minutes later, still no ice. A call to room service who assured that it would be there soon. A half hour later, still no ice. At 9:30 we cancelled the order and at 10:30, there was a knock on the door. You ordered ice?Prices were outrageous with 12 Euros for one glass of Tio Pepe sherry in the lounge and indifferent food at other times. The final straw occurred when the hotel charged 131 Euros for a collect call...the operator at the switchboard said You're not the first to complain about charges like this. Fortunately, we moved to the Ritz, which is lovely in every way!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a Palace My wife and I stayed here in September. The Hotel common areas are nice, but the room as nothing special. The room was small and definitely showed aging, while the bathroom was not especially clean. The heavenly bed that I am accustomed to with other Westins was not even close what is expected...it was very soft, squeeky and not very comfortable. I was very disappointed with this hotel for the price.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CS-London
<Content>The Grand Duena of Madrid Hotels During our holidays in Madrid we have stayed twice at Westin Palace Hotel, famous for its magnificent facade. During our both visits, we have booked premium deluxe rooms on the 1st and 4th floors. Mudium size rooms, but elegant, with fantastic views of the Neptune fountain and the Prado Museum. This hotel is located right in the heart of the Golden Triagle of Art. It has a specious entrance, with period furnishings, tapestries, and ornate light fixtures. Its magnificent Rotonde Hall, features a breathtaking art nouveau glass dome, illuminated by a sparkling crystal chandelier. The hotel's La Rotonda restaurant, offers a la carte menu with live music. Generally we have found this restaurant very good for international cuisine. After dinner we had drinks and cocktails at the hotel's El Bar, which is decorated in pure English classical style. The Westin Palace Hotel is itself a work of art, the impression of timeless style.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>flamingokid8862
<Content>Nice hotel, good service We stayed at the Palace Hotel Sept. 11-13. The location is great, across the street from the Prado and walking distance to most of the sites in Madrid. The lobby is impressive and we found the staff to be very friendly and helpful, particularly the concierge. We ate at the Asian Gallery restaurant and was very pleased with the food and the service. Room service and the bar were quite pricey though, so be prepared for that. We also ate at the nearby drugstore/restaurant VIPS, which was very good with very reasonable prices. We had no complaints about the Palace, the room was spacious and clean. The hotel itself was a little stuffy for our taste, but overall a good experience and recommended.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ZhengHe
<Content>The Good, The Bad, and the Ugly The hotel is at a great location, walking distance to the Prado and many other attractions. Unfortunately that's where the good stops.I'm a Starwood Preferred Guest Platinum member and stay in various Westins around the world for more than 50 nights a year, and I have to say this is one of the poorest ones in terms of facility and service. Sure the lobby is grand and old, but everywhere else you turn in the hotel you see signs of ageing (not so gracefully). The bed is soft and not heavenly like other Westins. The pillows small and softer.The real ugly part is the service. Even when I was stepping out of the taxi and asked the doorman to kindly help me with my luggage, he walked away, ignoring me on purpose. The concierges (two of them on two occasions) were not attentive and seemed eager to get rid of me. This attitude is the worst I've encountered, even comparing to the oldest hotels in Paris and London. Housekeeping through away some perfectly fine shopping bags I left on the couch, which I planned on reusing. All and all I felt the hotel was poorly managed and not up to Westin standards. If this is how they treat their best frequent guest, imagine how they treat others.There are definitely better places to stay in Madrid.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>palatial rip-off Westin palace has a great location. It is located in the center of the city, 2 minutes walk from Prado museum. And that, I guess, is the thing they charge.It is nice and clean, but I guess it's the kind of style that elder people prefer, with yellow wallpapers and old brown closets and desks. I guess they're so obsessed with cleaning, because you can hear the staff literally all the time in front of your room, and they don't bother to read the please do not disturb sign on your door. It is very unpleasant when they wake you up almost every morning, getting into your room, without even knocking sometimes!The food is verrrry low quality - noodles overcooked, nothing is very fresh, and everything is far from tasty. And the prices of the room service are so high, you feel dizzy every time you feel hungry. And not from the hunger. They don't refill the mini bar, so if you feel like a coke, they charge it 7 euros, plus they charge 5 euros for bringing it to your room! unbeliavable!15 euros per film on VOD, 17 euros internet daily charge! that is one of the biggest rip-offs I've ever seen!Staff mainly does not speak english (except for example the concierge), so if you want to ask for something like... bottle opener (which we didn't have in our room), you need both your hands and legs to explain it. Overall - wouldn't like to stay there again. There are much nicer hotels in Madrid.Heavenly beds, though...  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>DrMo
<Content>very nice but not amazing We went to Madrid to see the eclipse. An eclipse which all of Madrid were aware of apart from the Westin!. The staff were charming but did not go out of their way. The rooms we were in had just been redecorated and were a good size but the air conditioning was pretty non-existing - we sweltered in our heavenly bed so much we ended up sleeping on top. The power shower and little extras were nice. Breakfasts were generous - smoked salmon fabulous - but depending on who sat you smokers and non smokers could end up mixed. Definately nicer than the Ritz where we also spent some time.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AndrewCrown
<Content>Pleasantly surprised The Palace is one of those Grand old City Hotels. I have to say following the reviews on here I was expecting a lot worse. I was pleasantly surprised. All staff were impeccably polite  helpful. Starwood have there hands on this place, the beds were indeed heavenly, so comfortable I didn't want to get out of them. Great meeting spaces and glorious lounge. I tried the iron test, it took three calls to coach room service into bringing an iron which made me late for an important drinks reception, but that's my only negative point.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TAmemberSaoPaulo
<Content>Not much of a palace Let's start by the upper side: Great location, fancy lobby, magnificent breakfast area and excellent breakfast buffet. Reasonable rooms. Service cold, but not unefficient at all.On the other side, the in-room boradband never worked, and the internet access on the business center was 鈧?8.00 per 20 mins! The food was no more than reasonable, although pricey. In a city where it is impossible to have dinner before 10 pm, the bar closes excatly at 1 am. The concierge wasn't very helpfull and the font desk refused to cash travellers checks in Euros.Three times I crossed the street for a drink at the Ritz, which seemed to be quite superior.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TravelllerfromtheUK
<Content>Better hotels in the area Stayed at the Westin in September, the room I booked on the website was not available on checkin but no one told me until I reached my room. On calling the Front Desk I was not able to change my room.The bathroom had paint peeling of the ceiling and was not very clean, the bathroom curtains were covered in stains and the overall room could do with a refurb.Breakfast I ordered on the Sat morning did not arrive and Service Express was constantly engaged, as I had a business meeting I could not wait.Room service is expensive for the quality of the food, I would give it a miss and try and get something local if you can.Overall a very poor experience, there are better hotels in the area which you could choose.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>la40
<Content>Can you say awwwww? The hotel was GRAND and the best sleep I've had in a long time away from home. Starwood gets a thumbs up for bedding, the showers and overall pleasantness of the staff encountered. The restaurant is pricey, but the food was FAB!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service and Food is Not 5 Star I stayed at 'The Palace' for business for most of September. To be fair, the hotel is in a great location and it is a classy place. HOWEVER, I was dispappointed by the concierge and some members of the reception who were not very attentative and/or disorganised, which on at least two occasions, caused me a great deal of irritation and distress. The other disappointing aspect of the Palace was that both the breakfast buffet and room service food is sub par! Stale bread and canned aspargus in a sandwich does not consitute good food!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here Aug. 12-15 and had a wonderful stay. Great location, very helpful front desk and concierge. They helped us get from Madrid to Toledo, since the train tracks are under construction, and assisted with buying tickets for the bullfight.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Treated like Royalty! We just returned from a 22 day vacation and had an opportunity to stay at the Westin Palace in Madrid, Spain. It's name is perfect because we felt like royalty during our stay.The physical structure is magnificent. There is a beautiful dome in the center of the hotel where breakfast, lunch, dinner or tapas is served. Our room, standard, was tastefully decorated. The mattresses on the bed were wonderful. We never wanted to get out of bed. The bathroom was great. All marble. The tub/shower was a nice size and the shower curtain came out like a semi-circle so your body didn't stick to it as you were showering.It was in the perfect location. The Prada was around the corner; the Tourists buses were also around the corner. Plaza St. Anna was in walking distance for wonderful tapas and pasteria's. And for those American's who need an American fix, Starbucks is also around the corner.We were celebrating our 2nd wedding anniversary and I mentioned it as we were registering. That night the hotel left us a wonderful bottle of champagne and chocolates!The concierge was very helpful as was the Reception Staff. They suggested wonderful restaurants and places of interest. If you go on their web page they usually have specials. We took the breakfast and it was well worth it! We will only stay at the Palace if I should go to Madrid again! You can never go wrong with a Starwood property.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>autotim
<Content>Silly policy towards children Tried to book this hotel for a family of 2 adults and 2 small children under 5 years old. They insisted we take 2 rooms because the law prevented them from allowing 4 people (even children in the room). When I pointed out that I had just recently stayed at other Westin hotels in Spain in a room of 4, they back tracked and said, it wasn't Spanish law, or even Westin policy it was the hotels insurance policy. I figured it was just a scam to make parents fork-out for an additional room. Imagine, putting two small kids in a seperate room by themselves! Or even worse, having to sleep in the same room with them for the princely sums one is expected to pay at the Palace. Anyway, I took my business elsewhere. Parents: avoid unless you are williing to spend lots of money.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>below par for a Westin/Starwood Upon check-in, half of bottle of wine in the mini-bar drank with the cap back on, hair in the bathtub, room smelled, looked like it had not even been cleaned. Three times during my stay the staff just walked in my room without knocking! Staff and concierge just plan rude and unhelpful. When I complained they could have cared less.Last night I ate at the Asia Gallery. The food was good, but I felt like I wasn't wanted. They tried to take my plate away 3 times before I had finished.Will never go back again. I never felt so unwanted at a hotel, like I was a burden to the staff.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and Beautiful Hotel We loved this hotel. The service was excellent, the rooms were beautiful as was the entire hotel. The location is GREAT! We were able to walk to the Prado, Plaza Major, the Palace, etc. The work-out facilities were very nice and never crowded. Each station had its own TV. The food was very good. We had several meals here and the breakfast was outstanding. As usual, the heavenly beds were great. I wish I had their beds at home. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tickettoride
<Content>not up to par We stayed 4 nights The hotel is in a great location. The doorman is a little scuffy. we were impressed with the public areas.we checked in and found the room nice no but no view whatsoever...we waited and hour and a half for our bags and we were very upset as I needed them. While we waited we discovered the light was falling off the wall and the music speaker was malfuntioning...they did not have an iron in the room and the one they had was in use...unexcusable for this expense!! They did fix all the problems promptly and I feel that the problems at this hotel are the managements fault.. there is no pool or hot tub either....as others have said all inquires seemed to be an annoyance for them. service is indeed spotty..the food was just OK not really up to Westin standards...the ritz is across the street ...the Westin needs to take an interest in upgradeing this hotel  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>timberlady
<Content>Disappoinments incl. Although considered one of the best hotels in town, one is surprised by the unfriendly, impersonal service. The concierge feels sort of bothered by you and has a sour face. As gold members of Starwood we did NOT receive an upgrade, and had a tiny room, which was nice furnished , but without space.The location is great, so is the lobby where one has breakfast .Still, for my next visit I would choose another hotel.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5star hotel by European Standard Stayed for 4 nights on 2 different occasion on my honeymoon. I was able to find an Internet special rate on the Westin reservation site which made the stay more reasonable. I also stayed 1 year ago in the Westin in Rome, Italy which is also a very nice hotel. I would say the 2 hotels are similar in that both are old, have a European classic 5 star atmosphere and ambiance. However, if you ever stayed at a 5 star hotel in Asia, Japan, Singapore, Hong Kong and China, do not expect the same level of service, friendliness (some staffs were great and very nice but in general, some could have been more helpful or friendly) or to have similar or half as much amenities for the same price at European 5 star hotels. Since this was my Honeymoon, I requested a room with a view. I was surprised that the hotel actually tried to accomodate and provided us a room on the special SPG floor with a fountain view - very nice touch from Westin. The only downsite with this floor is that late at night, you can still hear some bass sounds from the disco on the ground floor (the SPG floor is on the 3rd floor and varies depending on your location). I am suprised that no one complained. The room is elegantly decorated although I had to kill 2 flies zipping around the room. Also, many basic amenities are not provided unless I call and ask for it (razors, cotton buds, tooth brush etc). The bath room is small and the heavenly shower was not as exciting as I expected (2 shower heads that lack directional control or water pressure). Let's just say I had better heavenly showers at other 5 stars. The room service can be inconsistent as our bed was turned 2 out of 3 nights. During the second stay, our beds were not turned at all although we were out late at night. I also didn't care for paying 17 euro for internet connection. My review may sound negative but it really is not. Overall I think the hotel is very good when thinking in the context of an old classic European 5 star. We enjoyed our stay but may want to try a different 5 star hotel for comparison.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lylach
<Content>Westin Palace a great hotel in a great location We recently returned from a 3-night stay at the Westin Palace during our honeymoon May 27-30, 2005. Curb appeal of this historic hotel is fantastic, especially when you see it from the Plaza de las Cortes. The location is fabulous, a few minutes from the Prado and Thyssen museums. We walked everywhere from the hotel, but there is a metro station practically right outside the door. The Madrid Vision tour buses have a stop right across the Plaza, so we literally saw the city and only had to walk across the street to do it. Our room didn't have a great view, but we loved the room nonetheless. The bed was SO comfortable, since it's a Heavenly Bed. There was a lot of closet space as well as an in-room safe. However, I was surprised to see that the shower was not separate from the bathtub and that the shower curtain was pretty flimsy and blew in on me when I took a shower. The toilet and bidee were in a separate room off the bathroom, but only behind a frosted glass door, so not very private if someone is getting ready at the bathroom counter. Also, the temperature was very hard to regulate. It was VERY warm in our room and didn't really cool to a comfortable temperature at night to sleep because it was so warm outside. The corridors were also VERY hot to walk down, with seemingly no ventilation.There is no ironing board and iron in the room and you have to call Service Express to have them bring you one. When we called, all of them were in use, so we had to steam our clothes in the shower to try to get out the wrinkles before going out for the evening. They finally brought one to us right before we walked out the door. We didn't dine in any of the hotel restaurants, so can't review those. We grabbed a light breakfast and coffee from the Starbucks that is located on the Plaza de las Cortes and walked to a cafe or restaurant for tapas and dinner every night. The Conceirge was very helpful with giving directions to different places that we inquired about.Overall, I definitely recommend this hotel to others to stay at while in Madrid.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marky London
<Content>Another excellent stay This was our second stay in this hotel and yet again we had another excellent stay. Quick and efficient check in, friendly and helpful staff, spacious and faultless room with great bed and view, good buffet breakfast and all for 180 Euro a night (endless weekend rate). Highly recommended.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent and beautiful hotel! We stayed in Madrid over the weekend and enjoyed the city. The location of the hotel is perfect. We got a nice room overlooking the main street. The rooms are very spacious and the atmosphere of the hotel is lovely. We loved the wonderful lobby and the romantic bar. The hotel itself is very big. The only problem we dicovered is, that there are only 2 - 3 staff at the reception and you will have to wait to check-in or check-out.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelerNYNy
<Content>Excellent Hotel I just have to say that I completely disagree with the previous reviewer. They are really trying.... I do not know what he means with that phrase but, for his information, the Palace has been opened since 1912... is not a recently opened, chain-like hotel. It is a charming European hotel!!! I am sorry to say but, during my stay, the only disappointing feature were the open mouths of some newly-rich persons coming accross the Atlantic eating the breakfast buffet as if it were the last piece of food on Earth... Service was excellent (all trained waiters with years of experience). Location is amazing and enviroment is a plus. This is not the Marriott... It is a gem!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nyctdr
<Content>Thumbs Up But . . . We stayed at the Palace for 5 nights in early April. In general, we thought the Palace to be top notch. The hotel is beautiful, our room was fabulous (we were upgraded to a very nice suite -- which was a great touch), the location superb (for touring the city), and the breakfast buffet quite nice (if included in the price as was ours). The Palace was not without its problems, however. Service in Spain typically is not as great as one might expect from high end hotels, and the Palace was no exception. We called for a wake up call and they never called. Light bulbs were out in our room in various lamps and the safe did not work. Of particular concern was the fact that once we returned to our room only to find that the maid had left the door to our room open for anyone to enter after cleaning -- nothing had been taken.All in all a very good hotel. They clearly are trying, and I'm not sure there is a better one in Madrid, except for the Ritz. But, there are a few bumps in the road. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Kitty-sayre-2004
<Content>Still dealing with jet lag Just returned to the states last night but wanted to let you know of what my views of the Westin Palace. It was on a luxury link package with room and dinner included. We stayed during the terrorism conference which couldn't have been busier. The staff was less than helpful. The room was tiny and thought we might have had some prestige being SPG members. Wrong! Room didn't even have 2 nice chairs to enjoy the small table for drinks. Room overlook the street with all the motor arcades that came in and out and in and out. It was never quiet. It is a very pretty place but I feel overrated. We stayed 3 nights.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>TarheelBred
<Content>Wonderful Madrid hotel! My husband and I just returned from a 9 day trip to Madrid with our two children. We stayed in the Westin Palace for two nights and we absolutely loved it! The hotel itself is beautiful, both inside and out. The beds are precisely as advertised- heavenly. After a long overseas flight to Madrid, they are much appreciated. The service was impeccable. And, the breakfast buffet in the morning offered something for everyone including typical Spanish food as well as scrambled eggs and bacon. All of this taken together with the prime location of the hotel (the Thyssen museum is literally right across the street- the Prado, a block away) really does make the Palace a prospect that is difficult to beat. We will definitely stay there again on our next trip to Madrid.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mh16
<Content>wonderful westin We stayed in the Westin for the ARCO show and I agonised over the choice of hotel for ages. Do we go urban funky or oldy worldy? In the end I chose the Westin Palace - and was very very glad I did.The only tiny tiny hitch was that when I checked in my requested fountain view room was not available (sigh: this always happens to me) however I was more than happy with the room and the breakfast was just fantastic (and served til late which is important in Madrid) I tested the patience of the concierge service many many times and they were faultless. It made it so much easier to get around. The location is great - you can walk just about anywhere. The bar itself is gorgeous sitting under the stain-glass dome. We had a nightcap there every evening. The waitstaff could not have been more helpful or professional the whole time.The room was very comfortable but oh the joy of the bed! Like sleeping inside a giant marshmallow (heavenly indeed). And my bathroom freebies - I mean accessories - were more than generous.Madrid can be difficult - and there is a huge choice of accommodation. I didn't find the Palace impersonal or too business-like for a holiday but it is a very large hotel. The benefits far outweighed any problems. eg just being able to jump in a cab and saying palace hotel and being taken straight there. The restaurant Cenador del Prado is 3 minutes away and worth going to as well. Have fun!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>koala
<Content>not worth the money We have stayed her one night in March. At arrival, while my husband was paying the taxidriver I had to take my own luggage from the cab. the bellman was too busy chatting to his collegue. No one who opened the door for us. Receptionist very unfriendly, did what she had to do and that was it. Impressive building, very classical. Small room wit all the basic facilities. At th SPG-floor. Makes it a difference ? Very less amenities, just shampoo, body lotion and soap. A/C did not work, very noisy street side, especially on a saturdaynight. Many drunk, young people shouting under our room. because A/C did not work we wanted to open the window, not possible because of noise. No make-up mirror in the bathroom. the didn't come for turn-down service so I had to ask for extra towels.We are SPG members but I did not receive one single benefit !My husband was very ill, so I asked the concierge where the closest pharmacy was. She pointed one out, that was about 10 minutes walk. On the walk to this pharmacy I saw at least 2 other pharmacy's. Why didn't she pointed me these out ?? I had the feeling I asked to much.Breakfast was a very nice buffet but here also I had to ask for my second cup of coffee etc. No, for the money we have paid I know a lot better hotels in the world.We paid approximately USD 340 for one night including breakfast !!Next time while in Madrid we try the Ritz and I am sure there are a lot more nice hotels with better service !  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Shant
<Content>Virtually flawless The Palace (now a Westin) has always been in competition with the Ritz which is well placed across the road. It is part of a rivalry which is unmatched by hotels in other cities, and while both were established by King Alfonso XIII to provide a similar service, The Ritz has had the better of the latter part of the 20th Century. However, Westin's take over of The Palace has breathed new life into the rivalry.The Palace has been restored to it's former glory. The days when the shine had come off the hotel have long since been forgotten, and the hotel is a Mecca for celebrity spotting, though this is something that is not new to The Palace, having seen the likes of Picasso, Ava Gardner and Rite Heyworth pass through it's doors. This can be a slight drawback though; on a recent visit, when attempting to get to the entrance, we had to fight through crowds of young girls held back by barricades, who were waiting to see their teen idols make an appearance from the hotels, however, beyond the doors lies an oasis of calm.On entering, the beautiful domed lounge awaits you. You can choose any descriptive term to depict the hotel: elegant, turn of the century grandeur, sumptuous. In it's own way, it is still understated, which adds to it's charm. Front desk staff can be rude, unresponsive and very dismissive. Concierge is acceptable, but not as good as many other Madrid hotels. They will not lead you off the beaten track and will advise you of places that are rather mainstream, well known and sometimes, touristy. They do not even attempt to be a little inventive, however, perhaps this caused problems in the past.The rest of the hotel staff are perfect. There is nothing you can flaw them on. Fast, efficient, knowledgeable, very professional. Rooms were perfect; a good size, nothing was overlooked and there were little touches everywhere which made the stay ever more pleasurable. By the time we were ready to leave, I really felt as though I had been well looked after. Dining at the hotel is superb. Try La Cupola. It is beyond excellent and is well worthy of the hotel it is within. The Westin is also in the heart of Madrid. Everything touristy is within a stone's throw of The Palace, and there are plentiful places to eat around the hotel. You can choose any dining experience, from fine dining to tapas. Sitting under the dome of the Westin's central atrium, you could just lose yourself completely....until the reality hits you that a drink in the atrium is the same cost as four drinks at the great bar next door, however, you stay here for luxury and exuberance, and if you stay here, you need to factor in these costs too.It is well worth the stay here. The extra Euros you spend staying at The Palace may make you shorten your stay in Madrid, but you will get far more out of a break there. It is well worth it. I will definitely go back there.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous hotel For the price we paid, one of the best 5 star hotels I have ever stayed in. All the rooms have been upgraded. service is what you would expect from this standard of hotel. Great location -next to all of the main museums and the other top hotels where we dropped into for drinks. Will stay there again next time I am in Madrid.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SmartTraveller
<Content>A wonderful, wonderful hotel Yes, this is classical and olde-worlde but what is so bad about that? Its also not cheap but that is not a crime. I'd swap the slickness of a W for the classy ambience of the Palace any old day plus scrape up the extra dollars I would need to stay there again. I spent a few heavenly days there..yes the bed was to die for and as I was severely jet lagged/exhausted, I spent considerable time in it! The room was fabulous - quiet and beautifully furnished. The location is also great - walk to the Prado or nip up the back of the hotel to one of the many tapas bars. I couldnt fault the service - attentive yet discreet. All in all - perfection. And no, I'm not wealthy - just discerning and I appreciate class, style and service.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PatrickN
<Content>The long walk Lovely hotel but the walk from the lift was nearly 150 metres to our room.Beautiful hotel with good food though the staff a can be a bit stand offish (especially the doorman who does not open the door for people wearng jeans) and aloof.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Shevvy
<Content>What a lovely hotel Just returned from a 4 night stay in this lovely hotel and didn't want to leave. I had booked a very competive rate over the net and was expecting a shoebox room. Instead I was pleasantly surprised as it was a lovely room for the money. I didn't have breakfast included in the rate, but it was worth the price as it was very enjoyable to sit in the Rotunda and have the great buffet and people watch. In fact, people watching was the most enjoyable part of staying here as every time you came out of the lifts there was all sorts of things going on.I found the staff on the whole very friendly and efficient. All in all a very enjoyable experience to stay here and if I ever return to Madrid I wouldn't stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AlegreVancouverBC
<Content>Heavenly Bed, more than an expensive gimmick. My November five day stay was my third at the Palace. The location can't be beat. Walking distance from old town, the museums, tapa bars and posh Serrano Street shopping. Negotiate the hotel aggressively for a good rate that includes (champagne) breakfast and their heavenly bed. You'll be surprised at the variation in quotes. Get a courtyard room and you can sleep with the window open and hear only silence. The heavenly bed? That's a queen bed with eiderdown duvets over AND under you. Nothing can remove jetlag better.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice my wife and I stayed here in early November (we also stayed at the Alfonso XIII in Sevilla)- positives are...... great location near the museums- physically beautiful, including the rooms- restaurants (we only ate at ASIA, so I can't speak for the others, but both the service and food were great)negatives were...... concierge service was weak (although I did find (1) gentleman out of probably (4) that was friendly and somewhat helpful)- lack of king bed (they only have queens)- rooms can be far away from the elevator- overall- above average but I can't give an excellent rating unless the stay is pretty much flawless  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Spencertraveller
<Content>OK - Nothing else! Grossly overpriced. You are looked upon by most of the reception staff who probably make 25% of your annual income - never judge a book by its cover should be told to them. Broken tile in bedroom which was just renovated, but it could not be fixed as it was the weekend (reported it friday morning) and no one was avialable. As a SPG GOLD member, awful recognition and the WARM SMALL bottle of water on a HOT madrid summer day was rather tacky - ever heard of ICE!Breakfast - big and overpriced. if it was not included in my deal, head to the startbucks for good coffee. This is a hotel to say, 'I stayed here like all the royalty etc, but NOT a hotel to return to if you ever visit. You can do much better in madrid.HOW do they ever class these hotels in Europe with 5 stars or even 4 stars compared to the best deals we get across North America  Canada. Only good thing about this hotel - the heavenly beds are to die for!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bobwood
<Content>All round excellence I stayed at the Westin Palace for 5 nights at the end of October, on the whole I found it an extremely enjoyable experience, with just a few minor drawbacks.You cannot fail to be impressed by the entrance and the splendid Rotunda, around part of which is the main restaurant. The food was excellent with an extensive and reasonably priced wine list (1996 reserve Rioja at 32 euros). The waiters became more friendly as they got to know us and their style of serving is very professional.It is a shame the breakfast staff are not as keen to provide a similar standard of service, a pot of coffee left on the table would have saved alot of irritation, instead of constantly trying to catch their eye for a top up...not a happy bunch.Overall though, a memorable stay in a lovely city ( The Madrid Vision buses offer a number of routes on different themes..13 euros for two days unlimited travel).  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too old fashioned Too classical. I prefere more modern hotels, but this one is supposed to be la creme de la creme amongst spanish hotels. If you like rococo, this is the place for you. Too expensive, although at great location close to the El Prado Museum.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dinnykeane
<Content>Overrated and nothing special Just back from a 3 day short break to Madrid Prefer Barcelona. Stayed in this hotel on the 3 nights for the price of 2 package. On the positive side.. smashing location and great breakfast.... but oh .... oh.. on the negatives.....Where do I start.Awful concierge service-absolutely no interest. Booking a restaurant seemed a monumental task. Service generally very poor and why does the chambermaid try to service the room at 8am every morning despite the DND button being activated. BTW, can anyone tell me what I get for my Starwood Preferred Guest status. Very very ordinary.WEEKEND TRAVELLER  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>denealio
<Content>Top Notch, amazing location Wow! As a Starwood Platinum member I'm likely spoiled by the amazing hotels and great service, but even the Westin Palace surprised me.As other reviewers mentioned, everything is top notch, and dont overlook the great gym, sauna and little sundeck on the top floor. The sundeck was a great place for my daily siesta!But on top of the hotel itself, the amazing part is the location. It's so close to the museums, shopping, busses, just about everything for a first time visitor to Madrid.(Just walk really quickly by the Planet Hollywood and Starbucks underneath the hotel.)  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cincytravel
<Content>Wonderful hotel My wife and I stayed here the last night of our week in Spain. The hotel staff was extrememly helpful in finding us reservations for dinner that evening. The rooms are what you would expect of a Westin but the lobby and ambience pushed the hotel up a notch over regular Westins.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paperdoll
<Content>Wow We were so happy here, we hated to leave. The best thing is that this hotel delivers everything you expect from such an elegant establishment. The concierge staff was particularly helpful and friendly. The breakfast was too elegant for words. Location, location, location. If you are a senior, check on the special non-refundable rates - they are a real saving.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>aliNewJersey
<Content>everthing was perfect we stayed for 6 nights at the palace, and it was a superb week. we arrived early and were given our accomodation within one hour. we had upgraded on line thru the starwood plan to a suite prior to our arrival. the suite was lovely (not hugh by american standards) but perfect for my, myself and our 16 year old son. there are no pull out couches so you must pay 50 euros a night for a rollaway. our daughter (who is studying in madrid) decided to join us and they immediately sent another rollaway bed (at an extra 50 euros ) to the suite. the suite was perfect for 2 adults and 2 teenage children. the bathroom was beautiful and big and the shower was amazing!any requests we had over the phone for housekeeping (more towels, ice bucket) were filled within 2 minutes of a request. you need ice 24 hours a day in 99 degree weather. and they would bring ice upon request at no charge. the a/c in the hotel rooms was the best i felt in all of madrid!!the hotel went above and beyond to help us with anythng we requested and you must get the buffet bkfst included, its great but expensive. even if you just have coffee its so nice to sit there in the rotunda of the hotel, what a gorgeous hotel, gets my 5 stars of approval. this is an expensive hotel but it is worth it.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>toolworker
<Content>Room, location adequate for this class hotel The room was up to the standard we would expect at this class of hotel. The breakfast buffet was fabulous, but at 25 euros it ought to be. We highly recommend getting a rate that includes breakfast; we thought the Internet prices were pretty competitive. The location is central, across the street from El Prado, but about as far from a Metro station (3 - 4 long blocks) as you can get in Madrid. We found that a drawback, but the typical Palace guest might not care. As we checked out, the lobby was swarming with security personnel for royalty arriving for Prince Felipe's wedding.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor service and over priced My husband and I stayed at the Palace over easter. We decided to stay here as we are spg members and the hotel looked fabulous in brochures, etc. What a disappointment. All over Europe we stayed in 3 star hotels which had the most fabulous service and staff who were all very helpful, but apart from a beautiful room that's all this had to offer. We will never stay here again and I must say it's put me off Madrid. When you asked the guys at the concierge desk for tour advice all they could do is give you the most expensive tours. Anyway it is all a learning experience and I must say it has put me off the spg chain. I now would rather stay in small hotels where the customer is valued.   
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aristoph
<Content>Pretty Impressive We stayed at the Westin for three days over Easter and can heartily recommend this hotel. Our room was a grand deluxe, a sort of mini-suite with a separate living area and a large bathroom. Everything was perfectly nice and in good working order, though the style/decor was a bit bland. We were particularly impressed that they supply four full size bath towels each day! The main downside is that we are the far end of this enormous hotel, meaning a very long walk back to reception. On the whole staff at the front desk and the breakfast buffet were helpful if not particularly friendly. Turn-down and housekeeping were both very efficient and discreet. The only disappointment arose from a confusion over inclusive breakfast. Guest services told us that we could take this in our room, but it turned out that they should have told us continental breakfast only. When we complained at a 鈧?0 bill, they took the breakfast away again. Such a waste and a petty attitude to customer service given that it was there mistake in the first place. Still, the buffet breakfast turned out to be well worth the effort of going downstairs.Location is excellent. I would also recommend the car service to and from the airport at a very reasonable 鈧?2.  
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Just came back from a 5 night stay. The hotel is wounderfull, with a great location and exellent coustumer service. The rooms are a little on the small size but not to the point a NYC hotel room. When i go back to madrid I will stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Apparently money is no object to other reviewers Please! Someone has to write a not-so-great review of this ridiculously overpriced hotel. I am sorry, but my fellow reviewers, when rating a hotel, please take into account how much you paid! Don't get me wrong, there is nothing wrong with this hotel which I stayed at a three years ago, but unless you are very wealthy, it is FAR too expensive for any hotel. If it had been half the price, then it would have been good value. On the other hand, if money is no object, then this is one of the nicest hotels in Madrid. Personally I prefer the Fox? M30, it is a little far from the center of town, but as a hotel it is excellent.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel experience Stayed 5 nights in early January 2004 in this wonderful palace hotel. I can definitely agree with most of the positive feedback given by other previous reviewers. The hotel's location and facilities are without doubt superb. And as one reviewer previously said, its nice to be back in one's own palace at the end of each day after visiting others in the city. Scrumptious breakfast under the dome each morning was a wonderful experience. The breakfast staff was very friendly, especially one female staff - who, without prompting, gave me an insiders' tips on trips to, and places to visit, eat and shop in, Segovia and Toledo and who remembered my breakfast beverage preference on a daily basis, without being reminded (I strongly recommend the hot chocolate!). When I initially had problems with the hot water in my room on my first day I was immediately upgraded to another room with apologies but without question and, as I have already unpacked, the reception arranged for the cheerful maid service to repack everything (item by item) and transfer them to the other room! What level of service! I just wish the doorman would smile - that would make the hotel perfect.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Beautiful room. You won't be disappointed. A true Westin-standard. Friendliest staff. They will go out of their way to help you with anything you need.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfection   showReview(1547368, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gorgeous   showReview(1537738, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The perfect hotel   showReview(1531958, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxury Hotel   showReview(1502866, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful   showReview(1436921, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gs3
<Content>Loved the Westin Palace   showReview(1385402, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Real Palacel   showReview(1373361, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Gem   showReview(1263910, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>parisfreak_7
<Content>we LOVED it   showReview(1149417, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We enjoyed the Palace   showReview(1139825, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>voyager252
<Content>Bello pero el sevicio no al maximo   showReview(23136339, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	4	2	2	

<Author>voyager111
<Content>la perfezione....   showReview(22424083, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KNSkobe
<Content>璞彲銇亰閮ㄥ眿銇ㄨ壇銇勭満銈?#x201d;   showReview(20927689, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ammi56
<Content>Non all'altezza del prezzo e delle 5 stelle   showReview(19832555, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	5	2	4	4	2	

<Author>juannrw
<Content>ein sch枚nes, historisches Hotel in bester Lage..       Lobby  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo: posizione e servizi   showReview(20553900, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Absolut empfehlenswert!   showReview(19650523, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ca va   showReview(19650521, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳櫞銈夈仐銇勩儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19914963, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Perrine
<Content>Un peu d茅cevant mais bel h么tel tout de m锚me   showReview(18461161, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	3	4	2	

<Author>joseantonioram
<Content>ridiculez en los articulos de ba帽o   showReview(18180869, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bien   showReview(18524357, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un s茅jour luxueux dans le centre de madrid   showReview(18524355, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pibl0
<Content>Excepcional   showReview(18003054, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Scarsa qualit脿 delle camere, bagni piccoli   showReview(17445688, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>da luna di miele....   showReview(17445687, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HUGOENRIQUEOviedo
<Content>Decepcionante   showReview(17131713, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	-1	3	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un palace qui porte bien son nom   showReview(16609889, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TritonGeneve
<Content>le meilleur rapport qualit茅 prix 脿 Madrid   showReview(15462803, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>MARCOGIANLUCA
<Content>sontuoso e...di buon livello   showReview(15397540, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ambientazione stupenda. Servizio non sempre all'altezza   showReview(15567880, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>id茅alement situ茅   showReview(14731193, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Badezimmer, Zimmereinrichtung   showReview(14731192, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel Meraviglioso   showReview(14731191, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel molto confortevole   showReview(13976780, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bon hotel tres bien situ茅 nous y reviendrons   showReview(13976779, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nicht beeindruckt   showReview(13976778, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Rodam贸n
<Content>Alojarse en uno de los pocos palaces que quedan   showReview(13382221, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>缇庤椁ㄣ伄銇欍亹鍋达紒銈︺偋銈广儐銈ｃ兂銉戙儸銈?#x201d;   showReview(19168470, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑕冲厜銇究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19168146, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Gourmet69
<Content>Excelente hotel   showReview(12631858, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>缇庤椁ㄣ倎銇愩倞銇渶閬?#x201d;   showReview(19167786, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璞彲銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19167607, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>PEU FAIRE MIEUX POUR LE NOMBRE D ETOILES !!!!!!!!   showReview(11313516, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椐呫亱銈夈仩銇勩伓闆倢銇︺倠...   showReview(21802858, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon endroit en centre ville   showReview(11497393, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un v茅ritable palace o霉 l'on se sent bien   showReview(11396377, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Santurce,Bilbao
<Content>Hotel de lujo       Suite ejecutiva. Dormitorio.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄銈广儦銈ゃ兂   showReview(19159512, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璞彲銇洶鍥叉皸銈掑懗銈忋亜...   showReview(21800774, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>2鍙风窔銉屻儖銈с偣銉汇儑...   showReview(19925819, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銉笺偊銉冦儔銉曘儶銉曘偂...   showReview(19923559, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓涵銇潰銇椼仧閮ㄥ眿銇仜...   showReview(19916508, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

