<Author>Jennyonthebeach
<Content>New years at the London We love this hotel, stylish, clean, wonderfull staff, we have stayed several times and seem to get a bigger and bigger Londonn suite every time! Stayed through New Year Eve hotel was wonderfully quiet when we got back after spending midnight in Times Square! Room service efficient, beds turned back every evening. This hotel even smells good! We would never stay anywhere else in manhattan.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DAD/BOB
<Content>TOO NOISY The major problem is the ambient noise level. We complained about a high pitched whine, it was promptly investigated, we were told it was the water pump. We checked out several floors during the night, and the high pitched whine was present on all floors This was very bad. Other problems: No good reading light in the rooms, inadequate storage facility in the rooms, a slippery wood floor, no pictures on the walls to decorate the room, computers in the business center that are not free, and no hand hold in the showers. Overall, we were pleased with the excellent staff, we were attentively cared for, we loved the in-room breakfast, the bed was great, the view from the 48th floor was spectacular, and the rooms were clean.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>Bas1976
<Content>Excellent with amazing views       The living area in the vista suite  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aksel
<Content>Had to stay here, also for the restaurant       Lobby  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	2	5	

<Author>BugLet
<Content>All style, but not much substance 鈥?#x201d; The London NYC is an all suite hotel in a good Midtown location. You are near to the theatres, shops, Central Park and the subway. Although it is quite new, some of the public areas are already looking a bit tired. Similarly, some of the fixtures in our suite were tired and the furnishings were marked. The staff were mostly ok, but didn鈥檛 really go that extra mile to make our stay memorable or enjoyable.We stayed in one of the London Vista Suites with a view over Central Park from the bedroom and the city from the Sitting Room which was great. The bedroom had a massive double bed, a small flat screen TV, iPod docking alarm clock/radio and its own air con system. The wardrobe was simply an open hanging space with a few drawers which we felt was a bit on the small side.The sitting area was roomy and offered a trendy seating area with occasional table, work desk with wireless, a large flat screen TV, air con and a bizarre mini bar which was automated so that if you removed an item for any amount of time, you were charged for it. This meant that you could not remove the contents to chill your own water etc. You can ask for an additional fridge, but for a few days stay that seemed bit of a faff. There was no tea or coffee making facilities which was a big let down.You can open the windows slightly in both the bedroom and the sitting room which was lovely if, like me, you like a bit of fresh air and hate stuffy, over heated hotel rooms.The bathroom was adequate with a large, fixed deluge shower overhead along and a wall mounted hand held shower, but it had no bath. Water from the showers went all over the floor! After walking round the city all day, we would have welcomed a long, hot soak particularly when it was cold. It had the sort of goodies you would expect from this type of hotel 鈥?toiletries, bath robes, slippers etc.Maze restaurant at the London NYC is located in the bar area which is very buzzy in the evenings. However, what works for a bar leaves you feeling like you are eating in the middle of large throughfare in a restaurant. It was cold, draughty and noisy. The staff were thoroughly disinterested and the service was poor. The food was good, but not as good the London (UK) Maze where we eat quite regularly and really enjoy it. Gordon Ramsay at the London NYC is a bit of a mixed bag. The food and wines were excellent. The service was quite good if not a little fast. It was also a bit enthusiastic with a number of waiters asking if we were enjoying the food 鈥?always an irritation. You should be asked once per course, and once only! The restaurant felt cold and lacking in any atmosphere.As for the city 鈥?I would go back to NYC in a heartbeat. Everything is so familiar and yet so different. We only scratched the surface of the city in 5 days and I was left wanting more, much more!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>rbach
<Content>Great Location, Big Lovely Rooms, Great Stay! Great Location! Easy to walk to Rockefeller Center, Central Park, 5th Ave Shopping, Times Square and much more. Subway stop for the B/D line only 1.5 blocks away. This line will take you to China Town, Little Italy, Empire State Building, Macys, etc.Beautiful hotel with great art deco feel. Rooms were very big with great windows that actually open. The sitting room was nice. Only wish we had a bathtub, but the 2 person shower was neat.Concierge service was great. We had a small medical emergency and the concierge helped us find a great ER on a Saturday night. What could have been a nightmare turned into a small inconvienence thanks to the help from the concierge staff.Breakfast was included in our room rate. It was very nice and the restaurant staff was very helpful, but if we had to pay for the breakfast I would walk to 1 of the many restaurants in the area. It is very expensive.I would definitely stay at the London again!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Reubenbennett
<Content>Very good set up at the London I'm afraid that the 'whtsnxt's review of the London NYC is misleading and should not be taken at face value by any prospective customers. I am sorry if that person had issues with smoking rooms etc but to represent the hotel as being ' tired and dirty' is plain silliness.The London NYC is a fine property with gleaming, modern interiors. I have just returned from a 5 night stay and found the hotel to be a of a very high standard in relation to bedroom and bathroom size. Strongly recommended are the London suites which have a very pleasant sitting room area with couch and work desk. In room amenities include IPOD docking station/player, 2 tvs, and full minibar. Room decor was warm and inviting and furniture was well maintainedThe restaurant and bar scene was always quite lively with a trendy enough crowd slurping cockatils in the evening.My only gripe was that the attractive lobby, which was of average size, did not have any seating which meant that there was alot of people standing around waiting for their friends/associates to show up. If you sat waiting in the restaurant/bar area you were being hit by staff to order drinks etc. Superb location with all local attractions only minutes away by foot.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Waukegan1939
<Content>A Great Hotel Destroyed My wife and I stayed in the Rihga Royal Hotel on several occasions -- at leat four stays. We had the misfortune to stay at the property for a week after it became the London NYC. The modernization of the the decor and furniture made the stay very uncomfortable. The sofas were hard and unless you were well over six feet tall one could not sit and have any back support. The bedroom was sparce in the means storing clothing. There was no dresser only an exposed clothes rods. The clock radio required an advanced degree in electronics to be able to understand the controls. There was no refrigerator in the room and we had to request housekeeping to bring one up. Basically, all the comforts to which we had become accustomed were gone.The personnel at check in tried to give us an extremely poor suite when we checked in. I understand the 12 series of rooms are all smaller and have only half the bathroom size as the other suites. If I am paying the type of money that is charged at the hotel, I expect that I will not have a poor room palmed off on us.This tragically has taken us from a comfortable suite hotel in Manhattan and made us seek out other sites when we visit New York.Lee GoldmanLeeG@Socal.rr.com  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>5*fan
<Content>Great Stay - Disappointing Dining Experience As previous reviewers have noted, the rooms at the London are amongst the largest in NYC. The hotel is well situated in midtown and close to shopping, theater and Central Park. The decor is very modern and therefore may not appeal to every taste, but we found it refreshing. We particularly appreciated the spacious bathroom and the separate bed/ living room configuration.The only drawback to this property is the restaurant. Several staff members were rude and the food was mediocre. Upon checkout, the front desk representative asked us about our stay. When I mentioned our treatment at the restaurant, he acknowledged that they have had many similar complaints. I would definitely return to the London and have recommended it to many friends, but I would not waste my time at the restaurant (despite the draw of Gordon Ramsey). New York has no shortage of dining options that will provide a much better experience.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>whatsnxt
<Content>Dirty,reeked of cigarette smoke and poor service Images on website are deceiving. Although this property has been remodeled, it is in need of another remodel, the finishes were tired and dirty in the lobby. I understand natural wear and tear in public places but not only was this in the lobby, it continued into the elevator, through the corridor and into the room.Service is something else that this property is lacking...I booked a non-smoking room over 3 months ago but upon arrival I was told by the front desk that the hotel was oversold and that my request was not guaranteed. They informed me that they could put me in a smoking room and that the maid could freshen it up to hide the smell of smoke. I wasn't able to stay in the room for more than 5 minutes before returning to the lobby, cancelling my reservation and relocating to another hotel.After looking at the size of the room and the overall style of the property, I was really looking forward to my stay at the London; however that quickly turned into dissapointment after seeing the property in person and the lack of service from the staff.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>2	3	-1	-1	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Porschetd
<Content>Disappointing But Good The London Hotel NYC is a Blackstone property and was formerly the all suite Righa Royal Hotel. The makeover has transformed a traditional decor with an all suite hotel with a contemporary minimalistic design. I would rate this as a 3 and a half or 4 star hotel but no higher.The suites are spacious and the furnishings will appeal to a younger clientele but most likely many over 50 will not love some of the furniture or features. The bedrooms feature an open closet to maximize room space and although it's convenient you'll be hanging your clothes in a totally open and visible space.The bathrooms have eliminated the tub and instead there are 2 shower heads with one featuring a rainfall head and the other traditional all located in a narrow and elongated shower area. There are glass sides with an opening in the middle and unless you're careful with the shower head aim you can get water into the bathroom. It's clever and cool but it's not really all that good.There is free high speed internet service and the speeds are excellent. The printers and fax of the old Righa Royal are long gone so if you need to print bring your own. The television selection is disappointing and although the screens are flat they are not high definition. The larger one is located in the living room area and in the bedroom I had there was a tiny ~20 inch Zenith flat screen that was way too small to enjoy. I did not eat at the restaurant but the bar was nicely done and had a lively and hip crowd at cocktail hour.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>StheBRIT
<Content>We loved this hotel We moved from the Waldorf to this hotel at the end of October 2008 and what a contrast. Service was fantastic, the rooms spacious and clean and overall a wonderful experience.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travellingsandiegan
<Content>Will only stay at the London now when in NYC! Every room here is a suite, so you have a separate sitting area and plenty of space. Honestly, I had my sister and her boyfriend up to the room and they were joking about how it was bigger than her boyfriend's Manhattan apartment. The bathroom is beautiful, white tile, an amazing shower, so clean, so immaculate. The service was great too, everyone did an excellent job at helping and when I tried to get a cab one morning to a work thing they escorted me in the hotel's Range Rover instead. There are also dual electric shades/drapes on the windows so you can block out all the light. I loved the location as well, walking distance to Times Square, Central Park, the Met, MOMA, 5th Avenue....Loved this hotel!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Reviewer42
<Content>Great Location Have just returned from a 4 night stay at the London NYC. The location is superb within easy walking distance of Broadway theatres, Fifth Avenue shopping and Times Square. The suites are spacious, clean and stylish however there are a few less positive points to raise. Check in was disorganised and the twin room I booked was not ready until after 6pm. I felt that the reception staff were a little disinterested and didn't go out of their way to help. There were 3 of us staying and the twin beds are actually single beds, so we requested a roll away which was quite uncomfortable. While waiting for the room, we had a drink in the bar area - 2 small glasses of house wine cost $40 with tip. On the first night we ordered room service - the bill for 3 very average sandwiches and drinks was $170. There are plenty of less expensive diners and restaurants close to the hotel. Ellen's Stardust Diner was great fun. Overall, we loved the hotel, had a great stay and would definately return  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Uken
<Content>Very good but the breakfast. I've stayed in the London NYC for 2 nights sharing a suite in the 34th floor with two friends.The suite was enought sized, but the view, beside being on a 34th floor, it was blocked by other buildings of the same size, so I could only see the ave through a small corner, but it was ok. Maybe I was expecting more than I should be.Room was very clean, very calm (no noise at all) had a stereo connection for i-pod and 2 LCD TV's. The good and the bad were: the rollaway bed for the 3rd person (ME!) was extremely comfortable, really excelent!! The not so good was the tiny size of the bathroom.The service in general was good: very helpful porters and concierge desk.The buffet breakfast was poor. Consisted of cereals, 2 or 3 type of fruits, croissants, 2 or 3 types of cheese and bread. All of very good quality but too expensive for such few variety. However, it is possible to ask for some toasts, orange juice or scrambled eggs, but you have to pay extra cash.If you don't want to spend so much money for breakfast, just around the corner you have a place were you can have your breakfast for less than 20$. The loction is also excellent, near MoMA, Trump tower, 5th Ave, stores and restaurants. The hotel is a little bit expensive, but in Manhattan what is not??  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jmelo
<Content>Hit and miss-poor management We have stayed at the hotel more than 6 times, and while we enjoyed our first three to four visits, the last two have now forced us to reconsider our future potential stays. The staff at the front desk have seemed to develop an elitist attitude, reminiscent of snobbery. The management failed to adequately address the issue of the brown bath water and the fact that the past two visits required us to make several reservations since they kept missing our previous reservation, we are now second guesing making any more plans to stay here again. Add to this that the hotel is unable to properly address a regular customers preferences or specifics surrounding previous visits, it gives one pause as to why the hotel does not have a sufficient computer system that can retain all of this neccessary and pertinent information. For the price per room, one would think that the service and abilities of the management staff would be superior to those of other hotels, sadly this is not the case. Check other more established hotels in the same range and area before making this hotel your choice.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>fulleredge
<Content>LOVED this Hotel! My husband and I stayed at London NYC on a recent trip to New York from Sept 28 - Oct 2. This was my first time to NY and we booked the hotel on their website. The hotel was gorgeous and the rooms were huge, especially for NY as I hear most hotel rooms are really really small. Our room had a separate bedroom with french doors, it was great! We ate every morning in the restaurant and the food was good and service was good. We ordered room service once and found it really expensive, with some extra fees we didn't see. so we didn't order again. This hotel was in an awesome location and we walked to central park, time square, 5th avenue, it was awesome. It was also pretty close to the subway, which we used a lot! Lots of fabulous restaurants in walking distance from the hotel . The concierge was great at making recommendations. We will definitely stay at the hotel when we make a trip to NY again.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Craig64
<Content>Thoroughly recommend this hotel We stayed at this hotel on a recent trip to New York City . The trip was to celebrate a joint retiral and when staff became aware of this, they couldn't have been more pleased for us. Indeed that night , we returned to our room to find a bottle of Champagne and nibbles ~ a wonderful surprise after a hard day's shopping ! The suite in which we stayed was very comfortable and spotlessly clean. The attention to detail was first class. We ate in The Maze ~ a Gordon Ramsay restaurant within the hotel ~ and were thrilled when Gordon Ramsay appeared in the restaurant , chatted with us and invited us in to his kitchen.A memorable weekend. We'll be back !!!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>cbuie
<Content>Luxury for half the price First off let me say I'm spoiled by Four Seasons hotels and I will try not to judge this hotel based on the 4S. That said, the London is a great hotel. It was exceptionally clean, the rooms were beautiful and spacious, the bathrooms were gorgeous, and the location can't be beat. However, the service isn't all that great-I don't think a doorman ever opened our door. Our tv didn't work all weekend, and was never fixed, despite repeated phone calls to the front desk. They did send people to see about it, but at $500 a night and over 2 days' time, you'd think they could have done something about it. So, the service isn't exceptional, but at literally half the price of a 4S, it's a great hotel. For a weekend jaunt, the service isn't as important to me as the niceness and cleanliness of the room, and the London delivered. I'd stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	-1	3	5	

<Author>2kestrels
<Content>Best... Service...Ever I have been fortunate to stay in a few luxury hotels during the past decade. During the past year I stayed at the Greenbrier in WV and Atlantis Bahamas. My wife and I chose the London for a romantic getaway and I have to admit I was a bit leery of the prices. But duty called (my wife's choice of hotel based on her research) and all I can say is WOW! I usually have way better things to do than write a (very likely unread)review about a hotel but for anyone interested The London was tremendous. First and foremost the service was outstanding! I have never met concierges (I dealt with several and all were brilliant) that seemed so wired into their city and astute enough to gauge their clientele so accurately. Equally impressive was the staff from housekeeping to front desk to maintenance. An example-As I tried to sort out the flat screen TV my wife said call maintenance; so I did. I figured out the remote about 1 minute later-about 2 minutes before a friendly tech knocked. Or how about riding an elevator and having a housekeeping person look you in the eye, ask about your room and wonder if she could assist in any way. I could go on about the excellent location, nice gym and the best bed I have ever slept in but it was the service that stood out most. Sorry so long but The London was truly special.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Galindenba
<Content>Best I ever seen in NYC This a beautiful, luxurious hotel right in the middle of all the action. Our room was beautifully appointed with a nice view. I wanted to eat at Gordon Ramsey bought it was booked solid. Breakfast was very good as was afternoon tea.All aspects of the service perfect.A very minor problem with our bill was taken care of with no issues. It's not cheap, but it's worth it  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dcalt
<Content>My favorite NYC hotel The London is my preferred hotel when I stay in NYC. All of the guest rooms are actually suites, and they are not only spacious, but beautifully designed and decorated. The bathrooms are fabulous (be sure to ask for a room with a tub, those are few and far between) but even if you only get the double shower, you're still in for a treat. The staff are wonderful as well.Obviously since this is NYC you will pay for this luxury (I usually pay between $690 - $790) but it is definitely worth it.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ILoveNYC08_8
<Content>Want luxury? Then this is the place! We stayed at the London for 3 nights in August while on holiday in NYC.Being from Australia we are used to spacious hotel rooms but the size of the rooms at the London pleasantly surprises us. they were HUGE! Lovely layout and great natural light with windows that even open for fresh air!We stayed on the 34th floor overlooking 6th/54th intersection. The hotel oozes luxury on every level - from the checkin to concierge to the turn down service and the gym.We dined at Restaurant Gordon Ramsey which was a bit expensive but well worth the money. We had a great night.I highly recommend this hotel for people visiting NYC who want something a little special.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JPR_Toronto
<Content>Good... but needs a little more Very niece hotel with beautiful trendy rooms. The London Bar is ea great spot for people watching. However, based on the price this is not enough. When my wife and I arrived with a stroller after having notified the hotel that we would be staying with our 4 month old, the first room they tried to out us in was far too small and didn't even have a bathtub. Thanks to Christopher ( our host that day ) he was quick to realize the error and fixed it before we had a chance to unpack. The new room was much more to our expectations. The other comment I would make is about the lobby service. I do not know if it is an under staffing our poor training issue, but in the four days that my wife and I stayed at the hotel not once was the front door held open for use when carrying the baby in the stroller. This is the main reason that I can not give this property the rating it may deserve otherwise. The you are used to paying above average prices, the service should follow.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>manhattan1
<Content>Fantastic I had my nephew in the city for his 21st birthday and rather than stay in my apartment I decided to surprise him with a suite at the London.The hotel surpassed any expectations I had. Stayed at this hotel for years when I was a young girl taking weekend trips with my mother to see a show and stay at the Rhiga Royal so you can imagine how shocked I was at what the London did to this property. It was absolutely amazing.I think the bathroom was larger than my apartment. The sitting area was great as was the separate bedroom. I highly recomend this hotel to anyone traveling to Manhattan. The location cannot be beat and the lounge bar was fantastic.All employees catered to our every need, I just cannot rave enough about this Hotel.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JBradlee
<Content>Phenomenal Let me preface this by saying this isnt BS and I dont work for the hotel. My company has a branch in NYC and I travel there quite a bit. I have stayed in at least a dozen or more hotels there, and this is far and away the best I have experienced. The room was beautiful and spacious. The staff were ALL curious and knowledgeable. The lobby bar was fantastic (you can be comfortable in a suit or in sweats). If you are searching for a mid-town hotel, look no further. This hotel cant be beat.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jenn0205
<Content>Great Boutique New York Hotel I stayed here for 2 nights on a business trip. The hotel is very modern and chic. The hallways are a little dark, but I felt this added to the hotel's calm ambiance. The standard room was a suite (I had a London Suite), with a full couch, flat screen TV, desk, and coffee table in one room, and bed and flat screen TV in the other. It was fairly spacious for a New York hotel room, but the parlor room would be small for a gathering of more than a few people. The room also had free internet, and an iHome iPod docking station, which I thought was a nice touch. The lights in the hotel room could also be dimmed, instead of being turned completely on and off. The bed was very large and comfortable and there was a great double-headed shower. The lobby was a bit small, with no real room to sit or hang out, but no one gave our large group any problems when we gathered in the hotel restaurant/bar. The bar was really great - probably my favorite bar of any hotel I've ever stayed at. Give the bartenders license, and they'll come up with some tasty unique cocktails. The food at the bar was alright, but room service for breakfast was disappointing. It was cold and missing some of the items I had ordered. Apparently the restaurant is much better when Gordon Ramsey is actually there, but he wasn't there when we stayed! The hotel is right in the middle of everything - convenient to anywhere you want to go in NYC. We walked most places - including to restaurants and a broadway show. All in all a sleek and modern boutique hotel, nice if you want a luxury experience and are trying to avoid the major NYC chains.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Oliverv
<Content>Very good experience We ve just back from a 4 days in NYC . We had a very good experience with the London NYC hotel. When we checked in the room had not the view I asked for. So the reception gave us with no hesitation a beautiful room with a view on central park from one side, and the river from the other. People at the reception were very nice. During our stay every morning we were asked if everything was okay. A good personnalised service . We re going quite a lot to NYC and used to stay at the St Regis. For the price you pay at the London NYC it is worth staying there rather than any other hotel whih are much more expensive with smaller room and no view.As we were on Amex package , breakfast was included but not in the room , unless additional cost. But having breakfast in the dining room was ok, good fod, and good choice with nice staff.For a good quality/price I will recommend this hotel, with an excellent location between Central Park, and Times Square !  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>rachly
<Content>Can't wait to go back! Staying at the London Hotel for 1 week made our stay in NyC fabulous!...The Room was comfy and quiet (with the exception of guests slamming doors)The location is wonderful. The hotel staff are accommodating, nice and sweet!...Will definately be my hotel of choice in NYC!...A short walk to Rockefeller Plaza, Colombus Circle, Times Square. Ate at Carnegie Deli everyday, as it was one block up. (the best blintzes ever)The worst part of my stay was having to leave. Can't wait to check into the London again!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>TorontoMissy
<Content>An Absolute Gem Offers a Truly Personal Touch My husband and I recently celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary. We decided to fly into NYC for a few days. We discovered The London in New York on luxuryhotels.com The staff were extremely attentive to every detail of our stay! From the moment we checked in, we were offered a wonderfully warm welcome and good wishes for our anniversary. Our room was prepared for our pre noon hour arrival. The bellman escorted us to our room where he explained every detail about the room and where to find amenities (incl heaven forbid the emerg exit just to be aware). The roses that my husband had arranged for me were waiting on the round coffee table as soon as we entered our suite. When the bellman asked if he could show us anything else I joked about where he was perhaps hiding our son as we hadn't travelled many times without him and missed him already. He LISTENED. After returning from an outing, we were greeted in our room with a complimentary bottle of champagne(not sparkling wine) and wonderful fresh fruit accompanied by a note that said our son was just fine and enjoying himself and wishing us the same. What a wonderful personal touch to have keyed into our humour. We also returned on another occasion to find strawberries and choc and truffles (outstanding, delicious) beautifully plated waiting for us in the vestibule area. ( they had been ordered by my brother who also said that the order was taken very efficiently) We dined that evening in the Gordon Ramsay dining room. I believe it to be the finest or certainly one of the finest experiences we have had. We are from Toronto where we have extremely fine dining restaurants and have enjoyed many. This was definitely amongst one of the best. Everything is made on the premises, even the confectionary post deserts. The service was flawless and the food quality and presentation was outstanding. We were also greeted with a 'happy anniversary' candle and truffle. Our son had ordered a bottle of wine to come to our table, and when he called in to place the order, apparently the room was quite busy and yet the sommelier took as much time to detail to our son many bottles for him to choose from. Even the last detail, which was unfortunately a miscommunication about delivering 4 boxes of truffles for us to take back home for the family was given to us complementary on account of a slight mix up. They were also delivered quickly to our suite just as we were rushing to the airport. The room and general appearance of the entire hotel was extremely clean and sparkling. The room is equipped with wonderful amenities as well.We have stayed at several NYC luxury hotels and what impressed us the most was the personal attention and caring rather than the very impersonal and independent attitude that comes through more often.Needless to say, we highly recommend the LONDON NYC and look forward to staying with them again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>boyzrus
<Content>Loved this hotel! We stayed at this hotel over the July 4th weekend. It is well located to Central Park, 5th Avenue, MoMa and Times Square. Subway is nearby as well.Service was pleasant on all fronts. Elevators were quick.Our room was available when we arrived at 11:30 a.m. and we were able to check in. The room was on the 46th floor and was very quiet and clean. The bathroom was spacious and bedroom was large with a dressing area. The sitting area had wood floors, a large desk and large flat screen TV. No, the sofa wasn't cushy, but how long are you sitting on it in NYC!We didn't eat in the hotel so I cannot comment on the food. Starbucks is one block away, so there is no need for a coffee maker in the room.We have no complaints with this hotel and would stay here again over the Michelangelo or Benjamin any day!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kimr153
<Content>Don't waste your money When we got there around 12 pm, we were given tickets for our luggage because rooms were not available. They kept our luggage in the Foyer until 3.30 pm - makes everything look messy!!! Also you stuff can be stolen or damaged! We went to the restaurant for lunch - My husband liked the food, but it was very small portioned. There is really nothing for a vegetarian, they say they can do something - but i got a greens salad with awful dressing for starter. Then corn was good as the main course, but it had chicken broth and dessert was burned. Beer was 15+ and Cocktails are 16+. Not worth the price. The service was good.The Hotel - clean, but the decor is boring plain, its like they trying to hard to be chic. The staff is not helpful, the do not go out of their way to do anything. The doormen waited 5 min for his tip while i checked in. I mean he only took it from car to counter. When i ignored him he stood there. I did not tip him because he did not take it to my room, he did not greet me properly at all. Also that mean i have to tip the person who takes my luggage up as well!!! The staff pretty much ignores you the rest of the time!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	5	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>HMQ
<Content>I would LIVE at The London The London is THE best hotel I have ever stayed at in NYC...and I have stayed at many. I am extremely picky about my accommodations (not very easy to please). I travel to NY at least once every couple of months on business and have chosen The London as my New York home. I cannot say enough about this hotel. The rooms are bright, chic and comfortable all rolled into one. The bathrooms are immaculate and perfectly designed and the service is unparalleled. You will want for nothing from these wonderful people. From the doormen and housekeeping to the management of the hotel...all have a kind word and a smile..making it truly feel like a home away from home.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stevemNewcastle
<Content>Excelled all expectations We spent five nights following a cruise to Canada in the London in a Vista Suite. The standard check-in is mid-afternoon but we arrived circa 10am following disembarking from the cruise looking to leave our luggage until check in time. The concierge checked if there was a room available there and then and we were taking straight up to it and checked in. The attitude and knowledge of all the staff from the guys who get you the taxis, to the luggage porters , bar and restaurant staff,etc is superb and totally professional yet inobtrusive. The restaurant is excellent and the rooms really cool. The situation of the hotel is great as it's about 5 blocks (20 blocks is about a mile) from central park south and half a mile or so north of time square - all I'll say finally is myself and the family including teenagers cannot wait to return and we are not easily impressed - a superb hotel  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>abred0830
<Content>I adore this hotel!! I stayed at this hotel for the second time as a birthday celebration with my boyfriend. We stayed here last year for my birthday and loved it so much that we decided to book again.In regards to the first time, we received a vista suite in the light blue scheme and it was excellent. The view was a building next to us, but what do you expect when you get a hotel room in midtown Manhattan?! As for the decor, I thought it was delicate and refined. It wasn't overcrowded with furniture and it didn't look busy or overdone. The bed was amazing and I also enjoyed the openness of the bathroom showers that were opposite of each other. All in all, great enough for us to book again!The recent stay we had over-exceeded our expectations! Now, let me clarify something about people requesting particular rooms. I booked through a third party site, which has always been successful for me. However, I called the hotel to make sure my reservation included a tub. The hotel informed me that since I reserved it through a third party, I would have to contact them about the request. So, I called the third party and they called the hotel, but I was told by them that it is not 100% guaranteed. So when you put in your special requests, such as two beds, or a tub, etc., I would suggest making the reservation straight through the hotel instead of through a third party site because the third party site is not always able to put the request through.Now, as for the latest stay, we got there and Elvin (LV) was there as the front desk clerk. He was extremely nice and very cordial and when checking in I asked for a tub, and he upgraded us to a suite on the 54th floor! It was amazing. The suite had a living room, dressing area, bathroom with a tub and a bedroom with a king size bed, all over looking the south section of Manhattan with views of the river. From the ultrasueded walpaper to the slight statements of croc metallic leather accent pieces, it was a perfectly decorated, comfortable suite. The service we received was impeccable, from the maid service to the room service and everyone was extremely nice to us. We even had dinner at Maze and it was one of the best meals I have ever had. I would completely recommend going there - it is a tapas restaurant (small plates of a variety of foods) and every single plate we had was perfection. Our waitress was so attentive and nice and she even sent out some sherbert for me with happy birthday in chocolate for after we just mentioned it in conversation with her!The next day when we checked out, Elvin was there again and super nice as always, and we were able to check out bags so we could spend the afternoon in the city. He even informed us of a fair going on a block away and we had a blast there too! Now I know the prices for the food and services are steep, that I will not deny. However, with the location of the hotel being three blocks from Columbus square and Central Park, you are going to pay more than you would in a lesser known location. This is a hotel for pampering and extravagance (hence why we only stay here once a year for my b-day!), but it is fully worth the time and money! And even when it was their regular rooms they were far more spacious and relaxing that most rooms I have stayed in at NYC.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bondman59
<Content>Trendy But Comfortable I have paid more to stay in far less attractive hotels in NYC. The London is tastefully appointed with spacious, clean, quiet rooms with very nice decor, ample amenities and outstanding service. Breakfast and lunch in the restaurant were excellent. If you are looking for a place to stay with a view, you may be disappointed, depending on what you like to look at -- but for those simply interested in something upscale, funky and centrally-located near the Park, Theatres, Times Square and fine dining, this will do nicely.My stay was for business, but I'm bringing my wife next time for our anniversary in September --I showed her the photos on the hotel's website and she loved it!Definitely worth a try.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>snillor
<Content>great location, good value We recently stayed in a 2 bedroom suite in this hotel. The bedrooms were nice and private with great views, bathroom were very nice, overall a great choice for my family of four. The cost ($650+) plus taxes is high but considering the location and quality I think it is a good value overall. Our only complaint is no coffee maker in the room and extraordinarily expensive room service and breakfast ($30-40/person for breakfast). Fortunately there are plenty of rest. nearby. Overall we were pleasantly surprised and certainly will return.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>NH_Guy
<Content>Just okay . . . The new London NYC occupies the old Rhiga Royal Hotel which, when it was in its prime, offered the largest and most enjoyable rooms in NYC. It slid, unfortunately, into a tired old property, to be taken over by the management of this slick, new, stark-but-oh-so chic hotel. It's all of that (if all is the right word), but comfort seems to have been left out for style. Sit in either the white leather rocker of the blue and dappled-gold sofa in the suite area, and you will slide off of both without grace or style. Look for amenties around the room (coffee maker? phone book? bottled water at bedside?) and you will be reminded that those are not cool to have in the room. While just about everyone on staff tries hard to make the experience pleasant, it nonetheless remains clear that there is not enough staff to go around. A 10-minute wait at the concierge desk is proof enough. Convenient mid-town location, but that alone does not overcome the shortcomings.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>catherinek1
<Content>Fantastic I have read a lot of reviews on this hotel and for those of you who did not enjoy this hotel - GROW UP! My husband and I got married in New York 2 weeks ago and stayed at the London. We had a fantastic time. The hotel was the best I have ever stayed in. The bed abd bed linen (egyptian cotton) were beautiful. We wanted to put the bed in our suitacases to take home!!!!! We stayed for 2 nights in a London suite on the 23rd floor.Some people forget what its like to just get away and chill. Who cares if the bathroom is not perfect or if the art is not great - just enjoy the break people! When you work 5 days a week be glad of the pampering you get in a super hotel like this. By the way the bathroom was cool and the showers were lovely and hot and the bathrobes were fab and the mirrors were great - is that not all a woman wants!!!!!We ate at the Gordon Ramsey restaurant and it was beautiful. Food was exceptional. The breakfast was a bit overpriced but hey when your on hols who cares right. Lifts work perfect - no creaking! Concierge was very helpful in helping us find specific stores in NYC, posting info home etc. It truly was a fab hotel and my husband and I are certainly going back!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ciaobellissimo
<Content>The Best Midtown Hotel This hotel takes all the midtown hassles out of what is typical of many midtown Manhattan hotels (and I have stayed at many). It is immaculate, the check-in and check-out were seamless and courteous even with a crowd in the lobby, the rooms are spacious, comfortable and quiet, the showers are awesome, and the service is prompt and courteous. It is worth the nightly rate if you must stay in midtown and if all of the above are important to you.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tredders_UK
<Content>Exceptional service - we loved the London We stayed at the London NYC for my 40th birthday in April, and I can't praise the hotel and its staff enough. The front of desk manager was exceptional throughout the whole 4 day stay (Michelle, you are a star!), and nothing was too much trouble - we were made to feel like the most important people in the hotel. Whilst we were out downtown on our first day there, the hotel delivered to our room an iced birthday cake, fruit platter, some bottled water, a bottle of wine on ice, and a 40th birthday card, all complimentary. To get that level of thought  attention at a smaller, quieter hotel would be superb - at a large, busy New York hotel, it's truly impressive.The hotel itself is beautifully appointed. As soon as you walk into the lobby, you can tell a lot of thought (and money!) has been invested into the place. Our room (on the 46th floor) was a corner suite, with views over Central Park a couple of blocks away from one side, and the Brooklyn river ahead. The views were incredible, and the suite was huge! The main living area had a very cool designer rocking chair (which our 7 year old daughter loved!), writing desk and chair, big plasma TV, electronically controlled blinds(!), and huge sofas to lounge on. The bedroom had a bed larger than some hotel rooms I've stayed in, another big plasma TV, and some cool features like an iPod speaker dock. The luxury continued into the bathroom, where the walk in shower had 2 shower heads at either end of the shower area, with a number of settings, such as to simulate rain, which after 8 hours on a plane was the perfect remedy to our travel weariness!The hotel is situated within a couple of minutes walk to Central Park and also 5th Avenue shopping (much to my wife's delight!). We didn't eat at the London, but had afternoon tea, and several large gin  tonics in the bar each afternoon (well, you have to relax after all that sightseeing!) Needless to say, the service in the bar area was understated and very efficient.We booked directly with the hotel - they offer a best price guarantee, which saves the usual trawling of hotel websites to get the best deal. At the risk of sounding like an advertisement for the hotel, we wouldn't consider staying anywhere else in New York. In fact, we're in the process of planning a Christmas trip back there this year.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChillyAlbertans
<Content>One of my favourite hotels Stayed in three hotels during our two weeks in the area: the Waldorf , the Michelangelo and the London NYC (in order, for the nostalgic content, for the reputation and for Ramsey). This was our favourite. The staff are (with one exception whose name I did not record...a concierge who had a can't do attitude) are fantastic. The rooms are large (we had a vista suite on the 41st floor) and extremely well appointed. I travel with a tiny Sony Vaio computer and apprecaited the built in monitor connection to the large LCD TV- bonus!). The power curtains were a nice touch, the bed very nice. The food was fantatic (we are Ramsey fans so that did colour our perspective I suppose).The much vaunted bathrooms are poorly designed and I don't care who Waterworks is! Fortunately very little time is spent in there so it really matters only a little. The sliding doors don't really close all the way. The shower is just plain silly. I am sure some well paid designer thought it looked good on paper, but a shower stall (it is large, but is still a stall) built with a foot wide gap does not function well. At first I thought maybe a panel was missing, but apparently this is the design. Sheesh, no human can shower in this thing without wading into a pool outside of the shower once done.In any event, this would be my hotel of choice on a return trip.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anneeSussex
<Content>Rubbish !!! I booked the London NYC after changing from the Mandarin Oriental as was worried about the Trump Tower blocking views of the park etc...how i wish i'd stayed with my original choice.I booked directly with the hotel into a london vista suite with twin beds, a bath french doors on the highest floor possible, got to the hotel to be shown a room on the 37th floor with one double bed in it...not good as was with friends 20 year old daughter, went to reception to complain and was told that the suite i'd booked doesn't exist..there are no vista suites with twin beds but they then said that they could put a foldaway bed in to the room !As i was about to blow my top the manager said ok we'll give you another room so shown to that and there were 2 little single beds in it and the view was so close to the office block next door i could see the photocopying done !back down to reception and again said i was far from happy and that if they didn't sort it out once and for all then i was going to create a rather large scene out in the street about the hotel, the manager then said if we could persevere with the room for one night he would try and sort it out the next day, i said if he could promise this then we'd have a deal...he sent up some free wine and 3 nectarines !The next day i gave them the option of sorting our room problem out within 3 hours or get us another room in another hotel paid for by them, we were finally given 2 rooms next door to each other at the same price a had paid initially.I felt that i ought to have said sorry for causing a problem then thought about my conformation letter which in my eyes was a binding contract of what i'd ordered so didn't feel bad at all.Room was very nice and the beds fantastic, the shower on the other hand was a dreadful design as it didn't matter which angle you positioned the shower head you ended up soaking the floor...the housekeepers must tear out their own eyelashes in frustration !The beakfast menu was laughable, if it wasn't then we'd have cried...拢4 for a half a grapefruit..拢7 for a bowl of rice krispies and 拢7.50 for a cup of coffee !I will never go back to the hotel and have already booked into the Mandarin for November having been to the hotel and looked around the rooms...the Trump Tower is no where near as bad as people have made out, yes it's there but hey your in New York and everywhere you look theres a skyscraper.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	5	1	4	3	

<Author>RFBoston
<Content>Great stay over the 4th of July We stayed over the 4 th of July weekend and was very happy is all aspects. The sofa was a bad choice but the other features compensated for this. Great bath products, two flat screens, excellent bed. Loved the walk in shower. Our suite was on the end of the building and we had both front and rear views of Manhattan. Excellent mid-town location. We've stayed here many times before from the Righa days and this was the best stay so far.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>cangriff
<Content>Very impressive! We often stay at Four Seasons or equivalent properties, and the London NYC met or exceeded our expectations in NYC. Location is ideal (5 blocks from the Park, blocks from Broadway shows, great restaurants all around- you don't have to go more than a few feet!). Hardwood floors, elegant hotel, great beds, and quiet (we were on the 46th floor, right at the elevators, but no sound issue- still not sure why anyone has an elevator bell ring when there are only 3 elevators). Julie Andrews booked us, and she was superb- Four Seasons (indeed better!) service- great to work with and great followup, including just before our arrival. Front desk was good. Only criticism was the doormen, who stand around on the street and don't open doors or greet guests, but that is a nitpick indeed- that's how good the hotel is- when you have to go to this level of pickiness! We're tough customers to please, but will surely be back to the London NYC. Didn't try Gordon Ramsay's restaurant- we're fans of his, but hard to find something on the menu for teenagers!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	2	5	

<Author>S&P-Together
<Content>Loved It Planned a long weekend in NYC...partial work, partial girl's weekend and partial couple's weekend.Loved the hotel. A lot of room. Good ammenties. Excellent fitness center.Was treated very well by the staff. Twice given use of the house vehicle.Not cheap, but highly recommend.Also great sushi restaurant one and half blocks away from the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>mkod
<Content>Large Rooms, Good location The London is a very modern hotel with by NY standards huge rooms. The decor is very modern and the 2 room suite is very accomodating. I agree with the other reviews that the sofa is very uncomfortable. I found the rooms quiet. The gym is amazing. I do think they should have coffee/tea makers on request which they do not. The service to make up the rooms is very efficient. Overall a good stay.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ManchesterM20
<Content>Perfect Stayed at the London NYC last October and it was perfect from start to finish. The rooms are an unbelievable size for NY and beautifully decorated. The staff were wonderful, extremely helpful but unobtrusive. The food, whether room service, bar or restaurant, is among the best I've ever had in a restaurant and certainly blows any other hotel food out of the water. Would recommend whole heartedly and I'm going back this October.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>maddog2000
<Content>Great rooms Excellent design and location in Midtown. The best/ largest rooms I have seen in Manhattan. Excellent staff, great concierge. The bar/ public areas can not match those of other NY hotels.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CB10019
<Content>Very nice .. but some room booking issues Booked this a few weeks in advance for a girls getaway. It's difficult to find a hotel in NYC that offer two beds so I spent a lot of time searching. The London offered a two bedded room at a decent rate. I booked thru Expedia and printed my confirmation. Upon arriving at the hotel around 3pm, we were asked if we wanted a king or queen bed! I told the desk that we reserved 2 beds and that 1 bed was not acceptable as I did not want to share a bed with my friend. The manager was nice enough to explain that they have only a limited # of double bed rooms and there were a lot of families there that weekend (so be aware that you will not be guaranteed the type of bedroom you reserve). He gave us a discount on the room as it was too late for us to book anywhere else. Housekeeping was great at making the bed up with two separate sheets/blankets so in a king bed, if worked okay. They must run into this problem before as they offered to do this for us. Other than this problem the say was nice, room clean, new, nice bath and was quiet. The restaurant breakfast was good although very expensive (about $20 for eggs). Not my favorite location in the city as it's touristy, but overall may consider it again with my husband.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>RSBJGB
<Content>Good choice...if you get a good rate I just returned from a 2 night stay at the London. I had stayed at the property several times when it was the Righa, so I was well aware of the hotel's terrific location. As for the hotel, the preceeding reviews seem accurate. There are very attractive common areas and the service seemed consistently good. The rooms are spacious and very nicely appointed, especially if you like contemporary decor. That said, our rate was over $600/night and the place is not worthy of that rate. If you can get an attractive rate, you won't be disappointed. Its a 4 star property in my view, so the nightly tariff should reflect that. A couple final pros/cons: The fitness center is superb - one of the best I've seen at a non-spa hotel. The restaurant (Gordon Ramsey's) is flawed and very expensive. I won't go into details, but NYC has far too many great restaurants, especially for the price. Settle for drinks in the bar and go somewhere else.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sharon16
<Content>a great Hotel in any standards The London is a great Hotel in any standards! The rooms are very very specious and well designed The bed is soft and comfortableThe service is welcoming and pleasantContinental Breakfast is fresh and richAnd the location is perfect!!! Just less than 5 minutes walk from the central park, 5th avenue鈥檚 great shops, time square鈥?We stayed 5 nights and looking forward to come back again.Last but not least the concierge service was outstanding 鈥?prior to our arrival all the restaurant reservations were made in fast and efficient manner!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>icechik74
<Content>Great Hotel would definitely stay again!       place to store and hang stuff  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MikeyL0ND0N
<Content>Fantastic I booked a London Suite for the Memorial Day Weekend (4 nights in total) and was very pleasantly surpised by the value for money of this hotel. I had a suite on the higher floors that overlooked Central Park West, the George Washington Bridge and a bit of the Hudson River. The suite (a large living area seperated by double doors from a sleeping area) has free wi-fi, so I was able to dowload my favourite podcasts and play them through the ipod dock provided in the room.The bathroom was comfortable with a nice walk-in shower with massive shower head (no bathtub). A dressing area seperated the bedroom from the bathroom.The room was very quiet and because you can close the bedroom doors (to the living room), you can shut out the noise you sometimes get from most hotel corridors.The location was fantastic - 1.5 blocks east from 5th Ave shopping, 1.5 blocks west away from Broadway/Times Sq, 3 blocks south from Central Park.The gym is one of the best and nicest private hotel gyms I've been to in any hotel.The staff were efficient and polite.I didn't try room service or the restaurant because of comments on this site - but you're in Midtown, so there are plenty of places to eat nearby at any time of the day or night.I'm back to New York for business in June and have booked myself in to the London.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>RMCONNERS
<Content>Great location but far from perfect We stayed at the London NYC over Memorial Day weekend. First the good stuff---the hotel is very chic, modern, clean and in a GREAT location for theatre and general sightseeing. We had requested a non-smoking room and these days, I assume when you request that----they whole floor would be non-smoking. The hotel does have smoking rooms and it didn't appear sold out so ,I don't know why people wouldn't just request a smoking room if they smoke? In any case, we walked off the elevator and it was actually cloudy in the hall. For someone who hates cigaratte smoke the way I do, it was disgusting. We went out sightseeing for a while after checking in and when we returned it was a bit better so we decided not to change rooms. Late at night it got worse again. The other issue is the noise. The windows don't appear to be soundproofed so if you're a light sleeper, request a high floor or don't stay here.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>clawit
<Content>Lovely Hotel - Concierge a Complete Joke We stayed for a 3 night stay in May and I had a few problems before arriving - the concierge forgot to book our table at Gordon Ramsay's and although I nearly cancelled my room (as I complained via e-mail regarding the restaurant booking and didn't get a response) it was still the best value for money, and talking with room request was assured that my restaurant booking would be taken care of.When we arrived we were met by a wonderful porter who showed us to our room. Which was fantastic the room was big for NYC standards and I had requested a high floor with bath which were both met (49th floor overlooking a slightly blocked central park). The first nights food was wonderful in Gordon Ramsay's and we had a bottle of wine and fruit left in our room complimentary (corkscrew forgotten though).As we were having 2 different packages we had to check out and check back in on day 2, this is where it all started to get confusing for the staff. They had debited the full amount from our credit card after the first night although we were paying cash. I had called down as requested before advising room service to start getting our picnic basket ready (that was the package). I was then put through to someone else who commented that they had already spoken to Jason regarding this and they didn't know the price of it - I was now starting to get baffled. I had to explain that I was in fact the guess and it was free as it was a package that had been booked.45 minutes later we arrived downstairs and went to Concierge requesting the basket. Concierge got on the phone and made a few calls commenting all the time that this was a new package on offer (no it has been on their website for 8 or so months clearly I am the first to order) I was told that it would be another 10 minutes. So my husband and I had a coffee in maze and after 20 minutes went back to concierge, this time we were told it would be another 30 minutes - so we made the decision to go shopping and come back and get it later. When we did it was lovely - although it took another 15 minutes to locate it by concierge who thought it had been delivered to our room but hadn't also we were asked if we would be having it in our room - why would we want a picnic in our room in 23 degree heat a couple of blocks from central park?We asked for the address of 2 different places both of which Concierge got the addresses wrong for - the second was a cab ride and they were 10 blocks out!!.The second day we had breakfast included and went to the restaurant to have it - to which we were told we would be charged for as it was only in room dining that was included - even after saying we wouldn't have the bottle of champagne that was included they still wanted us to go 49 floors up to our room to order it - in the end reception said she would clear the post off our bill so we wouldn't be charged but the following morning we would need to take the more expensive champagne breakfast from out room, of course she forgot to remove the total from our bill. Th champagne breakfast was superb in our room on the last morning and we should have had that on the Sunday morning also as it was much nicer - 45 minutes though is a long time to wait for smoked salmon and scrambled eggs though.This Hotel has got so many things right - the location, the room size, the room gadgets (electronic blinds, curtains and ipod decking stations) the bathrooms, the room service staff, Gordon Ramsay at the London Restaurant. But concierge is a complete joke they can't even book at table at the restaurant in their own hotel, they can't get addresses right for directions, they can't organise a picnic hamper with room service (it was on their clipboard to organise). The check in staff are moody and stand offish - such a shame such a fantastic hotel, I would stay again but just never deal with concierge and have minimal contact check-in and out with reception.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	5	5	1	1	2	

<Author>adamunc
<Content>Good Show, Old Chap! Stayed at The London over Memorial Day weekend, and found much to like at this renovation of the Righa Royale. The location is great, as within a 10-minute walk you can reach such top attractions as Central Park, the Time-Warner Center, 5th Avenue, Rockefeller Center, and Wicked. Only had to take one cab, and that was because I was running late. There's not too much in the way of public areas, except for a sensational gym. The lobby is really just a long hallway with high ceilings and a check-in desk. No lounging, etc. The bar is located in the restaurant, so it's not a lobby bar proper. Had lunch at Maze, which offered exceptional food at three courses for $35. The lobster risotto is utterly superb. The $35 is a great deal, until you splurge on a couple of cocktails, then with tax and tip you have an $86 lunch. Still memorable, with attentive service from reservations through the waitstaff and a pleasant room. Drinks are expensive, just like everywhere else in New York, which is firmly the land of the $20 drink [and $10 beer!] I had a fine check-in experience, with the agent communicating with housekeeping to find me a room that was ready at 10:30 am, which was fantastic. I did receive an escort to the room, with a room tour, ice service, and a personal fridge brought to the room--the minibar has no room for personal items, and it's one of those weight-sensitive set-ups, so if you so much as leave a fingerprint in there, it charges you.How do I describe the room decor? Try to stay with me here--they look like crash pads co-designed by Austin Powers and a French prostitute. Thus, you have a three-armed torch lamp and a round reflective metal wall piece side-by-side with a three-sided burgundy velvet sofa in the living area. Somehow, this all works and is distinctive rather than horrifying. The bedroom [through French doors] is more reserved and traditional, with very comfortable linens and mattress. The windows in both rooms open slightly, so that you can hear the cacophany of honking from all those drivers solving the city's traffic woes with their horns. There's no closet; clothes storage is on a large free-standing rack with drawer space below. There's an iPod dock, good lighting, and wall switches for the sheers and curtains. I found the Waterworks bathroom to be a little stark--all white, and sort of narrow, so it feels kind of like being inside an egg. The tub's a bit short and the shower door doesn't meet the back side, so there's an open gap. It's obviously deliberate, but I'm not sure what the point was. If you want style and luxury at a slightly more bearable price than some of the topmost properties around town, try here. I compared The London to other places I've been--St. Regis, Peninsula, Four Seasons, Mandarin Oriental, and Ritz-Carlton--and it was from $130 to $270 less per night during my stay. It doesn't have quite the effortless grace and refined elegance of those hotels, but it does still have a lot to offer.Couple of other New York notes:--The Whole Foods at Time-Warner Center is a great stop for a tasty, quick sandwich or salad at lunch--The Peninsula's redesign of its rooftop bar, now called Salon de Ning, is terrific. [Though see note above about the land of the $20 cocktails.]--South Pacific at Lincoln Center is hypnotic and wonderful.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>shamrock02
<Content>The London: solid 4-star value The London is a 4-star hotel at less than typical NYC prices and that's a winning combination in my book. The London is NOT a 5-star hotel and you're not paying for that so expect a few soft spots here and there. We paid around $500/nt for a one bedroom suite for my wife and two small children. I consider this to be a good value. What you'll like about the London:Excellent fit and finish. Clean, modern, shiny and functional. The rooms are spacious with comfortable bedding, flat screen TV's, nice closets, good lighting and easy internet connectivity.The gym is state-of-the-art - outstanding. Lots of cardio machines, Life Fitness stations, Bosu and swiss balls. Excellent.Curbside help is on top of it; very effective, always there to lend a hand. Front desk gave us early check-in and late check-out and responded to anything we asked for in a timely and helpful way. Food in the restaurant was very good. Close to or equal to what you get at places like the FS or RC. Location off 7th at 54th puts you in a perfect spot to walk up to Central Park or down to Times Square, without feeling the hustle and bustle that you get closer to Times Square.What you won't like about the London:Prices in the restaurant and bar are very high. Service was sub-par for those prices and you tend to feel a little cramped even though the design and layout are appealing.I like a lobby (or lobby lounge) that lets you spread out, sit on a sofa or wing back chair and chill out. Like several NYC hotels, there is no room for this at the London and that's too bad.Overall, I would call the London comperable to the Sofitel as a nice 4-star value and would recommend it highly.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>john_mitchell_g21
<Content>The London @ New York The London NYC. Where to start? So much to talk about. So I booked a London Suite on the hotel's website. First of all it's the easiest hotel website I've ever visited. Took me less than 10 minutes to read about the hotel, check the different suites and book mine.So I got to the hotel in a cab. The doorman opens the door for me and wow, what a shock! Italian mob style (in a positive way). All dressed in black well cut suit, coat and hat. I barely had time to pay the cab driver, that the doorman, welcomes me using my name!!!! Gold star to the doorman. As soon as I got in the London lobby, I felt I was somewhere else than the stressful New York we all know. Hey, I had to stop for a few seconds in the middle of the lobby just to enjoy the good smell, the perfect lighting, the relaxing lounge music and the nice painting behind the front desk. So I get to the desk to check in and the young girl behind the desk tells me it is not possible to check in before 3pm (check in time). Almost 600 suites and you can't accommodate a guest who comes in a couple of hours before? I asked to talk to the manager and a young man with a funny french accent came to the rescue. He found me a suite they call a corner suite on a high floor with a beautiful view of the Hudson River and Central Park and told me it'll be ready in half an hour. He explained me all the hotel amenities and invited me for a drink at the bar so I wouldn't have to wait under the rain. 30 minutes later, who comes back? The french guy with my keys. What a treatment. He escorted me to my suite, followed by the bellman and my bags. And what a suite. Separate bedroom from living room, big bathroom, 2 tvs. The interior designer not very inspired the day he worked on the hotel plans but it's still great. Gold star to the French guy. Made my day wonderful until I ordered dinner in my suite. I had to wait over 45 minutes for the wrong order to come up. Let's talk about the food. Part 1, Room Service or in other words In Room Dining, not really interesting. Small portions. Added cost. Long wait. Forget about it. You're in New York. Ask the concierge, they'll send you somewhere. Part 2 of the dining experience at the London. Difficult to get a table in the Gordon Ramsay restaurant. Stayed 4 nights in the hotel and got a table at the casual dining once at 5:30... My advice, try to book a table in the restaurant long time in advance.Well, if you want a nice relaxing large room in a well located hotel in Manahattan, you know where to go: The London; and for the food? Ask the blond guy at the Concierge desk. He's got some good contacts.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	2	3	

<Author>Charmingtoff
<Content>Jawdropping Impressive Enjoyed 2 fantastic nights with my girlfriend in April 2008 prior to boarding the QE2. I knew i was not going to be disappointed as the hotel had been recommended by a very discerning English friend. Our room was on the 25 floor and was a London Suite. I did not expect it to be a realsuite,that is 2 separate rooms. The beds were incredibly comfortable with a quilted matress sheet. There was a dressing room area, and a bathroom with a double walk in shower. The staff could not have been nicer which was just as well as we arrived around midnight and i was not in the mood for hastle. The conceirge service was very helpful as my girlfriend had a list of shops to visit in a very busy 2 day schedule. The hotel is incidently excellently positioned for shopping and sightseeing. The downstairs restaurant and bar is mixed together which is a bit odd. That being said the full afternoon tea was fantastic and the lightest scones i have ever tasted (Mr Ramsey's reciepe i wondered) and breakfast was excellent. No vast portions thank godness for English appetites.There aren't many hotels that i can say i would like to rush back to but the London was one of them.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BrianneW
<Content>Trendy and Spacious, but NOT worth the Attitude and Lack of Service. My husband  I stayed at The London for 3 weeks in April, 2008. We are very familiar with Manhattan hotels  apartments and this hotel definitely provides very spacious rooms for the price. The majority of rooms are suites and the square footage listed on the website is not an exaggeration. We stayed in a London Suite and had over 500 sq ft - Large living room with couch, desk  chair, separate area for mini bar  flat screen tv. Mirrored french doors separated it from the Bedroom which had its own flat screen. The bathrooms are huge. The bed  linens are very comfortable. We had a 3rd guest for one weekend  there was more than enough space for the 3 of us. (We asked for a cot because the couch is more decorative then comfortable) (Some people may be interested to know - there is No tea / coffee maker in the room, no chocolates at turndown, no newspapers delivered to your door. ) As other guests have noted - there are always mysterious mini bar charges on the bill. Check your folio daily to make sure you haven't been charged. Finally we had our mini bar locked by the manager to avoid any future debates because the charges kept adding up despite the fact we hadn't used the mini bar once! The majority of the London Suites have No View or Light because they face an office building directly across the street. The best rooms are across the hall facing uptown, but there are no London Suites on the upper floors of that side. If you don't mind upgrading you should insist on a high floor  will have amazing views of Central Park  the GW Bridge! High floor, corner rooms on 7th Avenue have great Hudson River  NJ views.Very limited room service menu  very small portions. I wasn't overly impressed by the food even though they are all Gordon Ramsey restaurants. Room Service trays often line the hallways - sometimes for almost 24hrs. Housekeeping staff will not take no for an answer if you don't want your room cleaned - if you have a do not disturb sign up - they will still continue to call repeatedly early in the morning! We requested a refrigerator because we were staying for so long, it broke. No others were available, but the next morning at 7am a member of staff showed up at our door. 7am is a bit early to be knocking on someone's hotel room door. We were also double charged for dry cleaning. Seems like the hotel has poor management.If the gym is important to you - you will be very satisfied. It's open 24hr a day and is no extra charge. Free water bottles  earphones. Very modern machines - both cardio  weights - very spacious  clean gym. I have no complaints in this area.While I was very impressed by the size  decor of the rooms and overall ambience of the hotel - I was extremely disappointed in the lack of service and attitude of staff. Everyone from the front desk attendants to the waitresses were extremely arrogant. I was told to hurry up during my afternoon tea (which I had mad a reservation for) because they wanted the table for another reservation - even though the restaurant was practically empty  I hadn't even been there an hour! Getting a waitress to order drinks at the London Bar takes at least 30 minutes and even then you are approached with an attitude. The specialty drink menu is not worth the wait or the price. I'm a native New Yorker  used to trendy places, but the attitude here overpowers the coolness.After 3 weeks of dealing with the attitudes of staff I could not wait to check out. I realized that the arrogance  lack of quality service could not be masked by David Collin's beautiful interior design. If you are looking for a trendy hotel  can look past the extremely rude staff, poor management  lack of quality service than you may like The London. If you expect to be greeted with a smile  treated like a paying guest - I would NOT recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	1	1	3	

<Author>szmc
<Content>Great location, Even Better Hotel Great location, great hotel and even better staff. We stayed at The London for three nights recently and will definately be coming back. The location is perfect for a broadway show or to dine at some great restaurants! Carnegie Hall, Central Park and MOMA are literally minutes away. Check in was smooth and efficient and the concierge Jarod was an encyclopedia of NYC ! We ate at fantastic restaurants, saw 2 broadway shows and had a great time in the Meatpacking district (a must for night clubs!). The rooms were spacious with beautiful hard wood floors and a fantastic dual shower. The views of central park are nice, although the higher floors are preferred for our next visit. We can't wait to visit again during the summer when we can try Gordon Ramsay.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>DC327
<Content>wonderful! Great location, spacious suites, modern feel, great bathroom and amenities. I loved this hotel and hope to go back again.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>macamc
<Content>Loved the London We recently stayed at the London on a recommendation from a friend. From the start, we were pleased with everything. We were in NYC for a wedding, and I called ahead to request an early check-in. the front desk person- jason, was very attentive and helpful and said that he didn't think it would be a problem, and suggested we call ahead that day. We did, reached jason again, and were told everything was all set. Indeed, it was.Our room, a regular London suite, was wonderful. I would guess it was about 500 sq ft. with a separate living area. Modern, but livable and nicely appointed, The LR had hardwood floors and the BR had carpeting- I liked that . French doors separated the 2 rooms. The bathroom was narrow and long and worked well for us. It did take quite a while for the water in the shower to heat up, but that was not a huge deal. As another poster stated, the room was very quiet. We were very comfortable- loved the bed, loved the pillows, I even fell asleep on the stiff sofa in the living room, so it must not have been that uncomfortable.We often look at suite hotels for travel with our daughter who is still in a crib. The London would work wonderfully for us, as we would have had plenty of room for a pack n play in the LR.Afternoon tea was part of our package through Amex and it was lovely. My waitress was excellent -- when she noticed my tea looked weak, she went and got me a new pot. I was ready to give her an extra tip when i was told that the gratuity was included in the package- so she did it just to be nice, not for an extra tip, which impressed me. The scones were unbelievable. I don't particularly love that area-- it's a little too close to the theatre district for my tastes, but it was very close to central park and 5th avenue, so i can't really complain.The only negative i can think of is the parking charge-- $55. next time we will self park in a nearby lot, as there are many of them.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>hip_hotels_4_me
<Content>Stay at the hotel, but avoid the restaurant. I just got back from a four night stay at The London NYC. I was traveling with my parents, so we had a two bedroom suite. We all enjoyed the hotel very much (though we agreed that they do some things better than others) and would highly recommend it. First, the lobby is beautiful. It isn't large, nor is it a place to hang out (there aren't even any chairs there), so you can't sit around enjoying drinks with friends. But it is a nice place to meet friends before going out for the evening. Our room was clean and beautifully designed. The sofa in the living area is not built for lounging. It isn't the sort of sofa you sink into, but is instead a bit formal. The genius of the sofa (which was curved and built into the wall like a banquette) is that it works in combination with the coffee table in front of it to create two entirely different rooms. With the table at coffee table height, you have a nice living room area. But the coffee table can be adjusted to raise it to the height of a dining room table so that your living room suddenly becomes a dining room if you want to eat in. It's genius!There were wood floors in the living room.The beds at The London NYC were super comfortable. If you, like me, are allergic to down pillows, you know that when you ask for the pillows in your room to be replaced with synthetic, what you usually get is a hard, uncomfortable piece of foam. Not so at the London NYC. The synthetic pillows they brought to my room were just as comfortable as down. I hate climbing into the bed only to find that the sheets are a poly-cotton blend. The all cotton sheets at the London NYC did not disappoint.The bathrooms in our room were beautifully designed. Tile covered all the walls from floor to ceiling and was an attractive pale blue color that matched the rest of the room. The tile was sort of rough (I think it is called 'tumbled tile') and had a hand-finished look. In the larger of the two bedrooms there was a double shower and double sink. Both of the rooms had great shower heads with plenty of water pressure along with a handshower. There were bath products (shampoo, conditioner, body lotion and bath gel) from Waterworks.One thing we noticed about the hotel was how quiet it was. Granted, we were on the 39th floor, but there was almost no noise at all from the corridor either. I finally realized that the walls in the hallway were not painted, but instead had been wallpapered with a velvet-like fabric that I'm sure absorbed noise.The staff was polite and attentive. I wanted some clothes to be laundered in house and brought to my room so they could hang to dry and the hotel graciously accommodated me.The London NYC is about five blocks from Central Park and about two blocks from the Museum of Modern Art and close to Broadway plays. I hate Times Square, but you gotta admit it is convenient if you are there to see plays.While we enjoyed our stay overall, we all agreed that the restaurant (owned by Gordon Ramsey, a celebrity chef from London) was pretentious and had an odd menu. Now, I'll readily admit that I am not an adventurous eater, but artichoke soup with frog legs...gag! And carpaccio of tuna and swordfish...or veal sweetbreads...double gag!!! The portions are extremely small, so you are encouraged to order several items and share if you want. The problems was, we couldn't find anything on the menu that appealed. Half the menu was cold food. I should have figured it out when I ordered a fish dish from the cold side of the menu, but I wasn't paying attention and what I got was basically sushi (which I *loathe*). I didn't eat it, and they never offered to remove it from the menu.Room service was also ludicrously expensive. I ordered one order of pancakes, three scrambled eggs and a diet coke and the bill was $60. I know I was in Manhattan, but wow! My advice is to stay at the hotel...it is comfortable, stylish and convenient...but avoid the restaurant and eat elsewhere.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>scooby19
<Content>Splendid! We were in town for the weekend and chose the London based on several recommendations --we were not disappointed. It was fantastic. The location is just perfect. Near EVERYTHING! The place is clean, beautifully decorated and the staff -- wonderful. The suite was on the 35th floor so zero noise. We had cocktails in the bar -- service was great at the bar and the drinks were great too. We had snacks at the tables in the lounge --service was snailish but not bad enough to dampen our mood. We had breakfast included in our room rate -- $379 per night in a suite in NY? seriously amazing value! The food was very good. We didn't eat in the restaurants however -- maybe next time..but honestly with such a great location, there are so many options. Would stay here again in a heartbeat. It really is that good:)  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FastPass
<Content>Spacious room (too modern) and attentive staff INCREDIBLE room service. Chef Gordon Ramsey's London restaurant is downstairs. Very great location in the city. Walking distance to Times Square and the theater.The ONLY con is the uncomfortable couch in the living area. Low back with no armrests - hotel rooms should be function first and design second. But, the room itself is incredible.Highly, highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Taboves
<Content>Liked this place My wife and I stayed at the London NYC for four nights in early April 2008. We are frequent visitors to New York from Ireland (we have been there twice a year for the last five years or so) and we have generally stayed at the Waldorf=Astoria (although the first time we stayed at the UN Plaza Hotel and wouldn't recommend that).As we were travelling this time with my sister-in-law, we wanted to get a two-bedroom suite and the LondonNYC seemed to offer the best price (I think it was $917++ per night). We generally stay in a one-bedroom king suite in the WA at about $750++ per night so the charge seemed reasonable.The day before the trip I started to get cold feet about the hotel as many of the reviews on TripAdvisor seemed to be negative, especially those reviews which mentioned that the hotels PR people had been making up positive reviews on the site. When I checked last minute (ie 27 hours before check-in) the price of the two-bedroom suite had dropped slightly and I even found the WA had two-bedroom suites at $100 less per night. I almost changed but decided it would be too much hassle bearing in mind my sister-in-law was travelling from London. In retrospect, I am glad that I didn't change the reservation as the hotel was excellent. The location was absolutely superb - much better than the WA - especially as my wife and I like to shop in midtown and the hotel is very close to the heart of Fifth Avenue. It was also quite close to Central Park and Columbus Circle was only a short distance away. The hotel itself has a relatively modest lobby which does not provide any opportunities for sitting and relaxing unlike the WA. However, it is quite personable and I found the staff helpful and approachable. We used the services of the concierge just the once (to arrange a minivan to take us and our extra luggage to the airport) and this was accomplished with a minimum of fuss. We also asked for a travel power adapter as we had left our own at home and this was provided immediately and with no fuss (we had the same problem last year at the WA and ended up having to buy one from the gift shop - bit irritating).The bar is quite any attractive space and was lively in the evenings. I felt it was a very pleasant aspect of the hotel. The service was a bit patchy and some of the food service was slow. We had bar food on three occasions and I wouldn't rave about it although it was alright. Can't really comment on prices but they seemed okay.The room itself was quite nice - the two-bedroom suite is actually a one-bedroom suite with an associated queen room. The two rooms are accessed by the one external door which opens into a small hallway off the hotel corridor which then has two doors, one leading into each room. I imagine that when the rooms are rented seperately the external door is left open. We took the suite and my sister-in-law had the queen room.I was initally a bit disappointed with the room as it was smaller than our WA room (although at approx $450 per night for the one-bedroom part of the suite on its own it compares very favourably with the WA suite). However, as the stay went on I grew to like the room a lot. My wife, who generally dislikes modern interiors, really liked the room and was very comfortable and happy with it. The bathroom especially was excellent with two showers (no bath) and a very nice washbasin set up. However, the door from the bathroom to the bedroom was a slide-over and wouldn't stay shut. Although annoying, it wasn't much of a problem as the door itself didn't open directly out into the bedroom but rather to the closet area. However, I can imagine this being a problem for some people. We didn't bother complaining or trying to have it fixed. The closet area was a bit sparse for a room of this size. The closet unit itself was a mobile unit with open sides and relatively little storage space. They have room to make a larger closet in the space and this would enhance the room.The bathrobes were excellent - I'm a big guy and this was the first hotel bathrobe that actually fitted me for many years.The in-room entertainment was average with an ipod clock-radio and plasma screen televisions. The work desk was quite good and, in contrast to another review on this site, I found the chair to be pretty comfortable.The bed was excellent although a little bit on the soft side for me. The room also had a safe which is a feature missing in the WA.I used the gym on three occasions and found it to be excellent - streets ahead of the WA. I think the hotel must have access to a pool as well as there was a suggestion in the hotel guide that the concierge could arrange this quite easily.We didn't use room service so can't comment. The turndown service was exactly what you would expect of a hotel of this standard.When on holidays we always eat breakfast in the hotel but on this occasion we felt the pricing was quite steep for what was on offer (a bowl of cornflakes for $14??). We generally had a light breakfast in the Metro Cafe across the street or in the Irish Pub which was excellent and very reasonable.All in all I feel this is an excellent four-star hotel (I think it's four-star) and would compare very favourably with many of the five-star hotels we have stayed in around the world. It wouldn't be up to Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental standards but wouldn't be in these price brackets anyway.I would recommend anyone to stay in the LondonNYC to experience something quite civilised.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>30somethingDublin
<Content>What a great hotel! Just back from this great ilttle gem in midtown manhattan. Have no negatives about this hotel - food, rooms, location, service etc all excellent. We will be back!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lucky3000
<Content>Great Hotel! I stayed at the London for a long weekend and it was amazing! Great location, within walking distance of all the great shops. We saw two Broadway shows and walked to those as well. All the staff were great, friendly, etc. Our room was fantastic. If you like your hotel room to have a more modern, different-than-all-the-others design, you will love the rooms here! The bathroom was great (2 showers), comfortable bed, plenty of space. I love the suite layout, its like having your own apartment. We ate breakfast a few mornings in their restaurant, it was very good. We also had the afternoon tea, and that was great as well. I would recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>traveldreams06
<Content>Best in NYC - Look no further! I can't say enough amazing things about this hotel - the rooms, the service, the location - oh, did I mention the service?? I was in NYC for business for over 3 weeks and this hotel made the whole thing possible. The rooms have a spacious living area (particularly great for a woman having meetings and wanting a separate space)... and I can honestly say in 3 weeks not one thing went wrong with the heavy service demands I had. Not a missed call, or a lost fax, or slow baggage, or anything. Even the stuff that usually can be so annoying - like housekeeping checking when they can make up the room - is handled graciously.The only negative I can mention, in case it is important to you, is the room service which is from a pricey restaurant located on the property. There is nothing much that can be done about it - super expensive and I found it not so appealing.But the hotel seems to be aware of that, they can provide an in-room fridge for free for your own snacks and, of course, being midtown new york, there is food just steps from the front door.It is usually virtually impossible to find a hotel in a major city that is as practical for business as it is comfortable to stay in for a vacation. The London is it - walking distance to everywhere you would want to be, great business service, and beds/linens that make you want to stay in and sleep a whole day! In fact, I was supposed to go away for one of the weekends I was in the area, and chose to stay at The London instead and relax like a tourist.I will stay there whenever I am in NY - if they will let me (I ask for a lot when I am working!). Don't miss the chance if you can get it. All of my friends and colleagues who saw the room or experienced the service commented on how special it was for a midtown Manhattan hotel.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sheenalloyd
<Content>You Must Stay Here! We booked this for our 30th anniversary and therefore wanted it to be perfect. I looked to Trip Advisor before I booked and some of the comments made me think maybe I should book somewhere else. I am so glad we didn't. The hotel rooms (London Suite), the Gordon Ramsay restaurant, the staff, all were amazing. We were very well looked after. The only thing that could have made it better would have been a meeting with Gordon!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Digba
<Content>Really the best hotel we've been to in NYC We just came back from New York where we stayed at the London NYC. The rooms are incredibly spacious. The hotel is splendid and the service impeccable. This was far from being our first stay in NYC and we鈥檝e tried many different hotels over the years, but so far this is the best. At least now we know where we will be staying for our next trip to New York.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>JBWirral
<Content>Highly recommended This hotel is 5 mins stroll to Central Park, Broadway, Times Square and 5th Avenue. Perfect location in my view.The rooms as everyone else has said are all suites, very spacious, very clean and we had no problems with noise (we were on 11th floor)Bar seems to be a place to be seen with prices to match. Didn't try the restaurant as wanted to eat out and about, advise booking ahead as being a resident holds no sway in reserving a table.Only complaint would be the room service charges. On top of the already hefty room service menu prices there is a for your convenience 17.5% room service charge and 10 dollars per person service charge. Quite a shock when signing for 2 coffees in you room! Seemed like being blatantly ripped off.Asked the doorman for a breakfast restaurant reservation as we were up early due to the time difference etc and he immediatley responed with a place called Park Central, just around the block. This is not to be recommended, food was terrible and seemed a lazy recommendation in our view as the Carnegie Deli was just as close and much better as we later found ( go early as queues from 11.00am are massive as are the portions beware!)Good bar next door Faces and Places Irish bar just around the corner on 7th Ave shows premiership football for those of us interested, good atmosphere, bit cheeky charging 10 dollars cover charge but seemed only place around so see what he's done there!If going up Empire State - my tip is to buy the Express pass online before you go (costs an additional 20 dollars) but I got through the massive queues at 8.00am to be on the observation deck on my own. Probably saved me 2 hours queuing I reckon!Good bar in greenwich village 1849 great food and live music every night.Stay at the London, you won't be disappointed and reasonable room rate for class hotel.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>cj's*trip
<Content>Really enjoyed the London We just returned from a three night stay at the London NYC. We had a total of five people so we reserved two rooms. We arrived in New York at noon so we checked to see if we could drop off our luggage before beginning our sightseeing. They had one room ready for us. The other room was ready when we returned that late afternoon. Both rooms were large and very clean. The bathrooms did not have a tub but they had great showers. The pulsating shower head had great pressure and felt great on muscles that were sore from walking. The beds were so comfortable, including the rollaway that we used for our teenage son. The price was alittle higher then we wanted to pay, but overall it was a great stay. The staff were friendly and helpful. One doorman in particular really hustled to get us a cab when we were going to the airport. Fifth avenue had closed unexpectedly and the street was gridlocked. He loaded our bags on a cart, rolled it down the block to seventh avenue and found us a cab. We got to the airport on time! We would stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>MrsThome
<Content>Had a great time We were there March 18-22nd. We were there for both business and pleasure and had a great time. The location is great, you are so close to everything. The room was very spacious and overall the hotel was very nice. The room was extremely clean. The service from the hotel employees was also outstanding. We had a drink and lite eats in the bar one evening and that was just so so. The service was not that great and the food mediocre. Maybe they were just having an off night. Overall though, we had a great time and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>simmie17
<Content>exceptional hotel for nyc with one exception This would be the perfect hotel for NYC if guarantee as to room type is not critical. I booked the property online for a Friday night stay and then contacted hotel directly, twice, to verify I had 2 beds as traveling with teenage daughter. I was told no problem. When we got to the hotel, the rude deskclerk told me they only had 1 queen. I told her I had spoken twice to confirm and she said they never guarantee. I was pretty angry but then another guest overheard me and told me to talk to Guest Services, as his room requests had been ignored too. I spoke to Lazaro Rivero, who was very ,very nice about the matter. He could not change the room, but he did give me a decent credit, while reiterating they do not guarantee room types. Other than the desk clerk, everyone else in the hotel was very friendly and helpful. They even gave me a 1 hr late checkout, which can be difficult to get in NYC on a weekend. The room itself was beautiful and immaculate. As described before, there is a separate bedroom and then a large living area. We did have a cot (though uncomfortable) in that area. The bathroom was large, with shower only, but had nice amenities. Housekeeping was fine, with nightly service as well. They promptly delivered a toothbrush when contacted for one. The location for this hotel cannot be beat- about a block from Fifth Avenue (a short walk gets you to 57th and the great stores), and only a block as well from Stage or Carnegie Deli. Times Sq and Broadway are a short cab ride away. Room service for breakfast was delivered on time and was very good. Free copies of the NYTimes are ;provided on each floor. There are restaurants off the lobby -the upscale Gordon Ramsey restaurant and his more moderate priced one . (We did not eat there as we love the 21 Club and Sardi's pre and post theatre. Great food, service and atmosphere at both) The hotel also has a nice bar. Drink prices are typical for a NYC hotel. I would highly recommend this hotel if you are looking for an upscale facility and guarantee as to bed type is not a problem. The rates being offered are exceptional for NYC right now as well- there is also a AAA discount. By the way, as to any noise problem, they deliver ear plugs at night, but we were on the 8th floor, facing 54th St., and had absolutely no problem with noise.Thanks again, Lazaro!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>NYCTraveler752
<Content>The Best Hotel In NYC I LOVE THIS HOTEL!!Service- ExcellentRoom- Phenominal!Resteraunt- Perfecto!Everything Else- WonderfulWhen I woke up I pressed a button on this remote and the curtains opened to a wonderful view of NYC! I would recomend this hotel to ANYONE!! Chrissy Taylor  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>giulietta429
<Content>Beautiful, modern decor  I stayed at this hotel for one night and wish I could have spent more time. My room was not really a room, but a beautiful, modern suite with a living room, a bedroom, a hallway and a bath. The bathroom did not have a tub, but had a huge walk-in glass shower with two separate shower heads on different ends of the shower stall: one a regular shower and another -- one of those rain showers (that's the one I tried). The bedding was luxurious and new, the mattress-perfect firmness. There were two flat-screen TVs -- one in the bedroom, one in the living room. The bedroom also had an iPod docking station --very useful. I tried room service twice -- once at night for tea and dessert (it arrived very quickly and the ice cream -- coffee, salted almond, and ginger --was superb; the tea service included a very large pot of water, which I liked, that was so well-insulated that the water was still very hot the following morning); and once more the following morning. I got an eggwhite omelet and a madagascan vanilla yogurt with tea. The omelet was tasty and kept me full through lunch. The yogurt could have used a bit of sweetness -- it was tasty, but very neutral --other than seeing vanilla specks in it, I could not really taste it. The breakfast arrived on time, which was important for me because I had a pretty busy day.The checkout -- through the TV in the room -- was quick.Overall, I loved the modern, sleek decor, and thought the location was great.Unfortunately I did not get to eat downstairs at Gordon Ramsay's restaurant, but there's always another time.Give this hotel a try -- you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cath116
<Content>Wonderful hotel! We just returned from a weekend at the London Hotel. The experience was wonderful. Our room, which was a Vista Suite on the 45th floor, had an incredible view. We could see Central Park, with the George Washington Bridge in the distance. At night the city lights were beautiful. We had stayed at the Park Hyatt in Tokyo recently, and the view of Manhattan from our room at the London was comparable to the Tokyo view we had from our very high-end room at the Park Hyatt. Our London Hotel room was a suite - a good sized bedroom, well designed dressing area, and separate living room. The large windows overlooking the city added to the expansive feeling. We loved the decor - contemporary but not stark. Also loved the switches which automatically opened and shut the curtains!Service at the London was flawless and professional from beginning to end. We enjoyed breakfast at the hotel both days. The food was excellent. We are experienced travelers, and felt the service everywhere in the hotel was five star quality. We felt we really got a wonderful value (surprising in NY). Location was superb - we walked to Central Park, the Frick, an art show at the Armory, and shopping and restaurants. Highly recommend the London, and will stay there again on our next trip to NY.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>spurg
<Content>fast check in Nice suites-only hotel in good location, close to central park. The key to getting a quiet room is staying in the upper floor suites. I stayed in room 3509 (london suite), the vista suites start on the 36th floor and would recommend those if they are available ( they were not when I checked in).Room service is fast. There was a mistake on my order but they recitfied it quickly (undercooked).Good value if you don't want to spurge on a suite at the 4 seasons.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>dbfm1
<Content>GREAT HOTEL Our 3 night stay at The London was terrific. We had a suite (3 women) All of the hotel staff were terrific...from the doormen (who recognized us each time we entered/left AND remembered where we were heading so that upon our return asked details about our activity!) to the bellman to the front desk to the restaurant staff. The breakfasts were terrific. The buffet had mounds of fresh blackberries, strawberries and blueberries (and our stay was in January...not the summer fresh fruit season!), fresh dates, assorted melons, a variety of croissants, yogurts, cereals, breads and coffee-cakes etc. We were fortunate to also have the High Tea as part of our stay....What a treat...as good as the High Tea at The Savoy in London, England! The hotel doesn't miss a trick! (Oh, check out the bathrooms in the lounge....for us middle age women who don't go clubbing....WOW...how very cool!)The room: The furnishings in the room were very trendy and did cause the intended WOW effect...the round couch (which was directly underneath the bay window) was clearly there for its effect - not for its comfort. Beds were very comfortable (as was the roll-away cot that we needed).....bathroom had a 2 person shower stall.....individual shower heads at each end of the stall.. no tub. Wonderful robes and towels.Our overall rating for this hotel is excellent!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HeddiBrighton
<Content>Cool hotel, great service Stayed at the London for two nights in Feb with my husband and we were both really impressed. The staff upgraded us to a suite for our wedding anniversary, and a bottle of wine was waiting for us in the room - nice touch. Really really friendly staff too. Best bit though was the room - for NY standards, well, by any standards, it was huge, with a separate sitting area - handy if one of you is jetlagged and the other wants to watch tv! We didn't have an amazing view, but it was NY enough, skyscrapers etc, and to be honest, it didn't really matter because the room was so good. Small attention to detail was good too - earplugs, slippers, nice toiletries etc etc - we stayed in the Soho Grand for a couple of days too, and you don't get nearly as much value for money. Location is easy, you're a five minute walk from 5th Ave, Rockefeller centre, theatre district etc, or it's just a stroll up a couple of blocks to central park. If you want breakfast out of the hotel, there are lots of diner places around the corner. The London - thoroughly recommended, and would go back. which is good if one of you is suffering jet lag and wants to goFor NY, the room was huge,  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>busjgh
<Content>A great hotel This is an excellent modern hotel, situated in a great location in NYC, with beautiful suite's, very large for NYC standards and excellent service.We just stayed for one night, but were impressed with everything the hotel offered from breakfast to afternoon tea. The staff were ever attentive always willing to help.I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for some class at a reasonable price in NYC.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelnut44
<Content>Noisey! Noisey! Noisey! I stayed here on a business trip recently. The location of the hotel is great, but between the doorman blowing his whistle all night long and the delivery trucks on the street, I got next to no sleep and was not very refreshed in the morning. I would not stay here again. The are much better hotels in NYC for the money you pay at the London.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>meiling_9
<Content>Cosy and wonderfully spacious This is my 3rd trip to NYC and The London NYC really trumps all the other hotels (last stays were at the Soho Grand and The Roger William).The space for a Manhattan hotel is excellent. The location is superb (two blocks down is Broadway). Even the hair dryer provided is fab. It's a nice powerful Conair, like the ones they use at salons, and not some puny excuse for one.I checked in with nary a problem. Very efficient and quick. From what I was made to understand, all the rooms are suites. So what you get is a nice sitting area and french doors that lead to your bed, a bathroom area (that features a lovely rainforest shower head) and an ensuite wardrobe. What you see on the hotel's official website is truly what you get.I managed to dine at the Gordon Ramsay restaurant downstairs. Well, actually the London Bar with the food provided by the restaurant and I was pleasantly surprised by the quality. I find most Michelin star type restaurants quite disappointing. The seafood was fresh (try the scallops!), meats were beautifully done, and the beverage list is great.Overall, with the exception of the astronomical price, I would really recommend this hotel. One thing: Bring the earplugs if noise is an issue. Like most Manhattan hotels, by 530am onwards, the city comes alive with a loud roar.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scoonud
<Content>Really nice, with a few problems PROS: Great location for quiet (quiet in the middle of NYC, that is) but very close to shopping, Times Square, restaurants, etc. The suite was beautiful, the bed comfortable and the bathroom gorgeous (despite the fact that there was no fan and the door doesn't close the whole way.CONS: The couch was uncomfortable, the lights all need to be turned on by hand so its pretty dark walking into the room, the concierge didn't have a lot of suggestions for good restaurants, the business center charged expensive rates to use the Internet (would have been nice to be able to quickly check email or look up a restaurant that was recommended to us).Overall I would recommend the London NYC. I've stayed in far worse places in NYC -- this was clean, comfortable (except for the couch!) and well-situated.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>onwa
<Content>Overrated underexecuted After the Righa, the London is a hyped and overrated place that simply does not deliver. The rooms look nice, but the seating is uncomfortable, the room lacks light switches and besides big, has nothing fancy. The service is poor, newspapers cannot be delivered to the room, billing errors are not corrected and if you call about that, the only people that can correct it, is accounting - but they are not easily reached, certainly not during European day time.I visit Manhattan 6-8 times per year, know the hotel market well and for this money you can do much better. Smaller and more comfortable rooms with better service can be had for less.The Righa was a place I used frequently, the London will be just once and never again  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	1	4	

<Author>MemberAnn
<Content>Loved It! We will be Back! My husband originally selected this hotel so that we could dine at the Gordon Ramsay restaurant. He selected a weekend that had reservation availability that coincided with both my birthday and anniversary. Lucky me. The meal and service was divine. We were told that many folks from the UK fly out specifically to dine at the restaurant because it's so difficult to get reservations in the UK. So for those of you who want to dine, please do yourself a favor and make a reservation like the rest of us and not think that because you are hotel guests staying for whatever duration that you can just get reservations. We had arrived @ 8 am and luckily there was a room available. The front desk staff were very helpful and courteous. They saw that we were jet lagged and issued a room key immediately and wished us a pleasant nap. The bellhop put a Do not Disturb sign when he left so that we could catch up on some sleep. The bed was comfortable,large. We especially like the blinds that darkened the rooms. When we needed a late check out, no problem, the front desk took care of it, at no extra charge. The bathroom had the largest shower I've ever seen that had his/hers shower heads on each side. The sink counter was more than ample to hold everything you could possibly need in a bathroom so I'm confused on how someone's razor could drop in the toilet. Our toilet was behind the shower and no where near the sink counters. I am amazed that people fault how pricey the bar and tea service was. This is New York City. You are on vacation. My goodness they pass along higher prices so that they can pay the rent, the salaries that are demanded for a central location such as this. It's basic economics. There are a lot of other economic options outside of the hotel, Starbucks, the corner grocery store, and even outside of NYC so why bother coming to downtown NYC?The hotel is centrally located so we did not need a taxi and were able to walk to the theatre to see our show and to the major shopping areas. All in all, it was one of the best birthdays I've celebrated. So we will be back, and yes, back to the London NYC.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ma6907
<Content>As Expected, but not more than expected Our experience at the London started well with very good service from the manager at check in. The room was very large for New York standards. I had requested a king sized bed and repeated this request at check in. I was assured a king and then was given a queen. (The room was so large, I dont even know why they would put a queen in ther). The hotel is a convienient location and we enjoyed this. The hotel staff was not overly helpful, and the concierge was utterly useless. I tried to get reservations at the Gordon Ramsey at the London and was told I had been wait listed. I called later that night and was told I would be called back--and was never called back. I later called again and was told that the manager would call me-he never called. This left a sour taste in our mouth and for this reason, I dont think we will go back.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	5	5	5	1	-1	

<Author>yyzchamp
<Content>clean, chic perfect hotel in Midtown Manhattan       sitting area - all drapes run by cool automated switches, just press a button  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jmasterson
<Content>Absolutely SUPERB - Highly Recommended - Favorite Midtown This is one of my favorite hotels. I loved it! The rooms are all suites and just beautifully done. Very well thought out and had tons of nice features - TVS with plugs for my laptop and the amenities in the bathroom were very nice.Bathroom has both shower and tub. Loved the colors of the room. Cannot overstate how nice the rooms are. Bed was one of the most comfortable ones I have every slept on. Location was perfect Midtown. Staff was extremely friendly. Of course, everyone knows the restaurant - run by Gordon Ramsay -and they gave me a tour of the kitchen after I asked the bar tender a bunch of questions. She was nice enough to show me the kitchen and the chefs table. All of the staff could not be friendlier. Bar is really nice and just off the lobby. Its not a large lobby but the height of the ceilings gives the allusion that it is bigger than it is. I read some of the negative reviews here and am completely dumbfounded!! Must be chronic complainers - there are so many of those out here. They dont represent themselves as a 5 Star but a 4 Star. Frankly, they are a very good 4 Star. It will now be one of my favorite hotels because my stay was so comfortable. I love the suite concept and the idea of being able to invite a business associate to my room and having the room to get work done separate from the bed room. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chomondley
<Content>Loved it! This is a great hotel, cool and hip with five star service. Being British, living in Los Angeles, we had heard about it and the rooms were not expensive by New York standards, we paid around $450 for a London Vista suite for four nights just after new year. To be honest, I would not pay the extra cost again for the high floor and subsequent view because there is a large building blocking the central park vista, and it's not as though there is a balcony to sit out on and enjoy the view. That's just a bit of knowledge to put away for next time - and there will be a next time, we loved it here.I knew that the Gordon Ramsey restaurant would be impossible to get last minute reservations for, so called a week ahead and even then could not get a reservation before 10.30pm which for us LA residents, was way too late to eat. I don't blame the hotel for that fact. We did eat in Maze but weren't blown away - the service was quite slow and our white wine was room temperature. Everything was small portions until the rum baba, which was giant donut size!The bar was very expensive, but hey, we were on vacation and it's New York so what do you expect? We had fun in there, sampling some great appetizers and working our way down the cocktail menu. The staff could not be nicer or more helpful, from the bar waitress, to the door man, and especially the concierge staff. The London Vista room we had was perfect, just know that if you want a bath tub you need to ask for it in advance, some rooms only have showers. The decor is hip - this is not the Ritz Carlton, but you know that when you see the hotel web site. The additional seating area was very useful although not that comfortable, but we weren't spending much time sitting around. Room service could not be faulted, again not cheap. Gordon Ramsey's scrambled eggs with smoked salmon were fabulous. What was missing was a light switch by the door, but I wasn't going to let that be a big deal.If I did have a general complaint, it was that the lobby does not have any seating. Presumably it was to keep the area looking minimalist. Whenever I had to wait for my husband I had to perch on a cold stone step and felt a bit of a hanger-on, as if I wasn't meant to be there. That did not affect my overall view of the place. Some recommendations for dinner (as Gordon Ramsey being full will necessitate eating out!!) - Spice Market, Buddakan, Spotted Pig (lunch).Your hotel bill will be way over the cost of the room, but so what, it was fun running up the tab! We had a great trip, love NYC, we ate and drank our way through it and look forward to doing it again, and to staying at LondonNYC.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JohnnyCLosAngeles
<Content>Good Midtown Hotel I travel to New York on business about three times a year, and for one reason or another, usually related to availability, I don't stay at the same hotel twice. I will make an effort to revisit this one though; it was all good - service, rooms, amenities, everything. The only downside, and it is a small downside, is that the doorman can be a bit overzealous with his whistle when hailing taxicabs, and this can be heard in the rooms facing the front. But room size is excellent and more than makes up for any minor problems. Room size is important for me, especially in New York, and especially after staying at one NY hotel where the bathroom was so small I kept knocking my razor off the bathroom sink and into the toilet. You get the idea.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WelshTraveller_8
<Content>The Overrated London NYC On arrival at the London NYC it appeared to be a modern glossy contemporary hotel which is what we were expecting. However, service and helpfulness from staff was in short supply. Over the course of our 7 day stay, due to bookings we were only able to eat one evening meal at the hotels Gordon Ramsey Maze Restaurant unless we wanted to eat at 5.30pm on another occassion. We did not expect to have to eat out every evening. The one meal we were able to book was for 9.30 pm on our 5th day there and on arrival at the restaurant we were told our table was not ready. After sitting at the bar for 25 mins, we had to go and ask if our table was now ready. It was, but we were seated for another 10 mins before a menu and wine list were presented to us. Despite a 9.30pm reservation, we ordered our meal at 10.30pm. Dress code was not adhered to and many people ate in jeans and trainers which spoiled the whole ambience. We had an afternoon tea at the hotel on one occassion and were amazed that we were charged $35 each for half a dozen mini-cakes and half a dozen mini-savouries and a pot of tea  coffee! Our suite at the hotel was very blandly decorated and not comfortable. Lighting in the bedroom was abysmal. We didn't have enough light to select our clothes off the hanging rail properly. (There was no wardrobe which made the room look untidy). We ordered room service a couple of times (for coffe etc as there were no facilities in the suite) and although delivery cost and gratuity was already added to the bill, the room service guys hung around for a tip each time. Overall I think this hotel relies on the fact that it has a 'Gordon Ramsey' restaurant tag, which unfortunately does not live up to its own hype.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amidu
<Content>Fab Midtown Pick The new London NYC is a fabulous midtown pick. Walking distance from Times Sq, shops on 5th Ave, and the MOMA. Trendy d茅cor, slick staff, efficient concierge desk - just what you expect from NYC. Our suite was nicely appointed in shades of blue, grey, and silver. The rooms are very airy and spacious, a rarity for New York. The living room had an elegant but comfy semi-circular couch hugging the window. Loved reading the paper or having a coffee there. Well designed work station -- ample light, sleek and ergonomic chair, and several plug points. A door divided the two rooms, which was nice for privacy. Really great bed and well calculated lighting in the bedroom. Loved that there was a separate dressing room with plenty of space and a huge mirror enough for two. Plenty of space to spread out luggage without making the room messy. The bathroom was nice. Very minimal, but well designed with lots of counter space and lighting. The commode was at the far end of the rectangular bathroom (all the better). The shower space was uber chic but practical 鈥?rectangular space with a shower head at each end for side-by-side showers. Great for a couple in the AM and PM when both have to be somewhere. Not so great if you鈥檙e sharing with anyone else! Vur and I loved our 3 night stay  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>Masimo1
<Content>Poor Service at The London The room was large and that gym had good machines. Those were the high points. Every service was subcontracted out, including the concierge. We only ate breakfast at the restauant, which was comped to make up for the dismal service provided by the concierge. I requested a fun night out for my 50th Birthday with a great restaurant and some fun entertainment afterwards. The concierge sent us to a restaurant that provided what I would consider one of the most overpriced and disgusting meals that I have ever eaten. Their imaginative suggestions for entertainment was a comedy club afterward. They were unfamiliar with any of the comics or routines. I could have gotten better advice from any cabbie. The room was large but the furniture was stark and cold and uncomfortable. Not a drawer in the room except for the desk and night stands by the bedside. I would give this place one or two stars on a good day.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	4	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>letstravelsomewhere
<Content>Love It! I thought that the hotel was wonderful! It was very very clean, the sevice was very helpful. The only problem was that from our room we could hear some noise from the street, they did provide ear-plugs, but it still was noisy.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EdinburghAmanda
<Content>Great Looking hotel, disappointing service Group of 4 girls on annual visit for shopping to NY. First time visit to London NYC. Wanted to stay in a suite all together so took a 2 bed on the 29th floor. From the minute we arrived the service was disappointing. Messages left with reception not passed on. Concierge can handle basic reservations for hotels but anything more complicated is resisted. Room service really does take 30mins for teapot. Rooms themselves were really nice. Beds, sheets and pillows absolutely fab. Towels and showers fantastic. Privacy for bathrooms not good as doors are sliding with gaps. No view from our room. We did eat in both the bar and Maze (the bistro). In both the food was good. In the bar the small portions are a bit of a surprise as the price doesn't reflect. Maze is a brilliant concept. Food and service was without fault, with the exception of the hostess who uses the popularity of the restaurant as an excuse to be less than fully courteous! Location is great for shopping and eating if you want the uptown buzz. Doorsmen are great characters and have been brought over from the Riga, so very experienced and delighted to chat. All in all, this is such a shame, if they sorted the service out, this has all the other elements to be firm favourite. London is just too expensive to have such inconsistent attitudes to service and GR may be hot and new just now, but that crowd will move on and the arrogance of the hosts will be noted. BTW we did lunch at the St Regis on Sat - fab little bar, amazing service felt like royalty on one of the busiest days of year without a booking. Old style service, real sense of the brand they are representing, London could learn.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>MickDanger
<Content>We expected more from a supposed 5 star hotel. We expected more from a supposed 5 star hotel. The room had no bath, only a large shower. There are also no fans in the bathroom, so privacy is non-existant if you have a gastrointestinal need for solitude.When we arrived, we turned down our bed to find goo under the sheets and were transferred to a different room immediately.The lobby is small, without any kind of sitting area. Stay at the Ritz or the Plaza for this price.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	2	1	

<Author>KiwiInPimlico
<Content>Gorgoeus Rooms This hotel was recommended through my American Express Platinum card so was really impressed with getting late check-out, free breakfast and an afternoon tea with my booking. The rooms are fantastic - excellent size (considering it's NYC), great decor and really quiet. The staff were lovely and very helpful and I found the location ideal for shopping on 5th Ave. My only criticism was that the service for breakfast was a little slow and inefficient, but would definately stay there again  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>comparedtuwhat
<Content>Not bad; was hoping for more I wanted to surprise my fianc茅 for her birthday weekend with a little getaway right in the city. Let me say that as New Yorkers we were partial to the Parker Le Meridian which we've stayed at several times. But I wanted to try a different hotel that had the same flair as the Le Meridian but might turn it it up a notch in terms of style and comfort.I picked the London based on reviews I read here on Trip advisor. Given the fact that our reservation was last minute, I expected it to be expensive. Even still overall I found the hotel to be comfortable and the staff friendly.The room was comfortable and large. The food, however, was only average and the staff botched our first room service order. They were very gracious about resolving the problem. Overall I would say that the London is a good hotel, especially if you're visiting New York and you want to be in the center of the city within easy striking distance of good dining, good shopping, theater etc. Book early to get the best rates you can on the rooms!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>dccab
<Content>For the price, you can do much better!       Furniture befitting a penthouse, but with a view of an alley  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	4	1	-1	

<Author>thebrownfamily6
<Content>Outstanding hotel, first class! Have just returned from three nights at the London nyc, New York. This is a first class hotel with beautiful suites. I totally agree that the pictures do not do it justice, the rooms are much bigger and exceeded my expectations. There are no negatives to this hotel at all, service great, food fantastic (although expensive, as you would expect from a 5 star hotel) and the beds are just the best! Really, really comfortable. If you are thinking of choosing this hotel please do go for it, you won't be disappointed. Me and my family shall definately be staying here next time we visit the Big Apple..  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ginaway
<Content>My Favorite HOtel in NYC I was there in August and again in October and will stay there again this Christmas. We love it! The staff is so friendly and I love the afternoon tea. The room was very large; we had a 1 bedroom suite with 2 beds. My one daughter slept on the couch and had plenty of room. The bathroom was very big. I recommend the 25th floor and higher because the rooms are decorated with warmer colors and a much more comfortable sofa; and the bathrooms are larger; they have a bathtub, where the rooms on the lower floors have only a shower. This hotel is a 5* for sure!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>LolagirlLondon
<Content>Absolutely loved it!!! I spent a weekend alone in NYC post a long week of work. The London NYC is a little haven in the middle of NYC! Photo's on website do not do it justice. Rooms much bigger. Very comfortable. Great friendly efficient staff. Super bar! Very trendy. Didn't eat at Gordon Ramsay's but it was packed out each night. Definitely recommend this hotel. Location is perfect - I walked everywhere!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>barbs20
<Content>Amazing hotel, excellent service       doors seperating rooms  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HotelGuestTraveler
<Content>Miss the Righa, but London NYC Is Fine I had been a long time fan of the Righa and loved it. This was my first stay after it had converted to the London NYC. In contrast to the Righa, the London NYC is hip, stylized and fun. The aesthetic of the rooms is visually stunning. The living room portion of the room is much more work friendly than the Righa was but the couch is very uncomfortable and not very much fun to sit on. The bed is nice; great foam mattress. Our bed was a California king and not the traditional king. The linens are top notch. The bathroom again is visually pleasing but the bathroom I had was smaller than the ones I had at the Righa. The tub was taken out but the shower was made larger. All in all, the hotel was still very nice and great location. I think the new hip stylized look will not wear well (my stylized couch already had stains on it) but it is still a great location and great room size.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LondonAndrea
<Content>Great Hotel I am very fussy when it comes to hotels - especially in New York! But this hotel was a nice surprise. The 'candid' photos make the rooms look a bit dingy when infact they are much larger than I expected and nice and clean. The beds were extrememly comfortable and the location is perfect - a few blocks away from Central Park and very close to 5th Ave for Tiffanys and Saks - and just up the road from the MOMA. Nice hotel.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>jeannedelor
<Content>Close to being a premier hotel We took a chance and booked a 3 night stay despite the negative reviews on Tripadvisor. This hotel has been operating as the London for less than a year and the new owner obviously spent millions of dollars on renovations using top of the line materials. Yes, the modern livingroom furniture is more attractive than comfortable, but the bed makes up for the hard couch and chairs. The management spared no expense on the mattress, sheets and pillows. The cleaning person kept forgetting to replace the dirty glasses with clean glasses, and he/she left a cleaning rag in the room one afternoon. We waited 20 minutes for our car, only to find out that it had been sitting out front but we hadn't been called. But we were willing to overlook these mistakes because of how wonderful everything else was. Better staff training would move this hotel to the next level and would make it a premier hotel. Not only would I stay here again, but I would be disappointed if I had to stay anywhere else the next time we're in New York.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>dmgmd
<Content>Great Location, Great room We just returned from three nights at The London NYC. We had a very nice suite and our only complaint was that the sofa was not comfortable. The bedding was wonderful, the bathroom was large and beautiful. We had a tub with a shower though most rooms do not. Our room had no closed closet but had a nice separate open dressing area with enough storage space. Service was attentive from checking in to departure.Ordering coffee from room service is very expensive but there are lots of places near the hotel including Starbucks and Au Bon Pain. The location is wonderful for walking to Central Park, Fifth Avenue shopping, and theater. We had a summer weekend rate which was very reasonable.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>LondonLoulou
<Content>I'm fussy but The London "kept me satisfied" This hotel is excellent. Well situated for Central Park, the major stores, Apple,MOMA etc.I had a suite which was superb - modern,stylish and super comfortable.The staff could not do enough and were extremely professional. Like I say in the heading, I'm fussy but The London gave me absolutely nothing to complain about.I wanted a late check out because my plane was leaving in the evning. I spoke to reception who said it was absolutely fine .Most other places pull a face , moan and groan and then relcutantly give you an extra 2 hours over the check out time, at a charge.I got 5 hours at no charge.Would I go back? - Yes. Would I recommend it ? YesGo!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>jpm7019
<Content>everything i expected! i can't believe ALL the people complaining about everything, making each thing into a major ordeal!! If you wanted the best hotels in NYC, you should have stayed somewhere else and expect to pay alot more per nite! My wife and I stayed at London NYC 3 nights and loved it! Very modern and contemporary feel - which is exactly what we wanted. Everything was new since the remodelling was last year - so, clean and very spacious rooms. Great location, check-in staff were nice. Service in London Bar could have been better, especially at $15 per drink! My advice, go elsewhere for food and drinks - there are so many great establishments in Manhattan, why bother sitting in your hotel to eat! Overall, this hotel is excellent value and I will absolutely come back here next time. I truly think the recent naysayers posting here are extra, extra picky...  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>cjdrucquer
<Content>Relaxing, Stylish Hotel.. Great Location! My husband and I were visiting friends in New York and we were away without our 4 children. From the moment we walked into the hotel we were taken away! The beautiful lobby was so nice to walk into. Front Desk staff were excellent. We were shown to our room and we were really happy with the decor. We stayed in a King Bed Flat. which is smaller than the suite, but just as nice. We didn't need a suite. THe only thing we didn't have was a minibar. Again, fine.. We were out most of the time. We have travelled and stayed in many fine hotels throughout the world and we are very picky. I really thought the decor was beautiful. The bathroom was all done by Waterworks and the tile floor was beautiful as was the shower. We used the concierge service several times and they were excellent. Very friendly and gave us some great ideas. We would definately stay here again. I never experienced bad service. Everyone was extremely friendly.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jtaylorabq
<Content>Just what we needed! We spent four nights at the London NYC recently for a friend's wedding. This is a terrific hotel centrally located in Midtown next to the Ziegfeld Theater and several blocks from the Park. Our room was spacious and very nicely appointed; it had a sitting room with a divan, chair, and desk, and a separate bedroom with a king bed and huge bathroom with a double shower. Both rooms had flat panel televisions and wireless internet. We found the bed to be very comfortable with super soft sheets and the room itself was extremely quiet for NYC; we were on the 27th for. The towels and toiletries were very nice as well.Enjoyed a meal downstairs at Maze one evening. It's a lively place with attentive servers and delicious tapas sized offerings. We did not reserve far enough in advance to be accommodated at the Gordon Ramsey, which, according to several people who have dined there, is like no other place on earth!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bobby02
<Content>The Most Uncomfortable Hotel With Terrible Service We stayed for four nights here on July20th in a one bed suite and a two bed suite..Whilst we loved New York ,the same could not be said of this Hotel.The suites were spacious, but the furniture was soooo uncomfortable.There were no tea or coffee facilities in the suites, and the service was the worst we have ever experianced.Room service was slow, and when it arrived the order was wrong. At breakfast, three of us got breakfast whilst the other two had to wait another twenty minutes, and then they got the wrong order.Better by far to go out for food.But on our third morning it was raining and we decided to try again.Bad decision.Service was even worse,two got breakfast after 25 minutes,the others getting wrong orders after 40 minutes.When we checked out they even gave us the wrong bill.For these prices this level of comfort and service is totally unacceptable.Would we stay here again? No.Absoloutly not. NEVER.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	3	1	3	

<Author>adr_smt
<Content>Great Experience       Twin Room  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Jonesys
<Content>Give it a miss ! Well we read the various reviews on Trip Advisor and they were mostly positive . We like contemporary hotels and we are regular customers of Gordon Ramsays in London. We took the plunge and it was an error.We are half way through our stay but already I was moved to brief fellow travellers.We have 2 x 1 bedroom suites for myself my wife and my two 22 yr old sons. The suites are spacious but lack room for clothes.We checked in at 8pm and the maid was still finishing off our room. We ordered room service and one of the dishes was missing arriving when the rest of the family had finished. A few items were missing and we had to ask for them. Herein lies a theme everything at the London you have to ask for and you have to chase.Breakfast at the Maze was major aggro a 45 min wait for food, no orange juice ! and surly service. Being a non meat eater I found half way through my mushroon omellete that I had ham in it !We were rescued by the Lady Manager who was very apologetic and breakfast was on the house.The Hotel said that the GYm would be ready in early in 2007, its not ready and housed temporarily in some dingy hot rooms that would not grace a run down state run sports centre.Mini bar is not stocked and we have to chase every day to get it restocked.In summary the service is very poor and seems to be part of the culture so my advice is that there are plenty of other hotels in NYC that live up the expectations we have of US levels of service. I think Gordon you have made a big mistake associating your culinary standards and service levels with this outfit. Steve  Linda Jones UK  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>Scott80127
<Content>Very Spacious and Comfortable Hotel My wife and I stayed at The London NYC 8-2 / 8-5. Our suite on the 51st floor was fabulous, room 5114. We had the open floor plan with several large windows. The bed and linens are top notch. Just one little f.y.i., the beers are a little steep in the lounge off the front lobby. We had just returned from seeing The Police at Madison Square Garden so I picked up a couple of beers to take to the room. They were $10 each, ouch. All in all we were very very pleased. Our room was quiet, comfortable and I felt the rate was very reasonable for this level of quality and size of room.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PhiladelphiaKate
<Content>Pleasantly surprised! Clean and well located to Central Park. The price is not bad for Manhattan. I鈥檝e stayed at the St Regis and The Four Seasons. This hotel was just as clean and the room was larger. I would recommend giving it a try. The d茅cor was a bit funky but who cares as long as it is clean and spacious!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AngelenoTraveler
<Content>Stylish Solitude in the City       Comfy bed  convenient iPod station  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>lmb13
<Content>Midtown Glam Chic. Very Nice. Very Swish Lobby, had a great vibe form the moment you walked through the door. Our room was huge by NYC standards. Liked the decor except for that powder blue settee which is dated looking already  will get even more so, quick. The powder blue decor is not my fav.  a bit cold  hotel-y but it was still a very nice room. The bathroom though was fab. Gorgeous double ended shower. Very clever use of space. Staff was very nice  well trained. Concierge was great. Breakfast was delicious  might be the best omlette I've ever had. The bar/non-formal dining room was very slick. I loved the room. Art Deco  Hollywood Regency meets 2007. I would definitely recommend. Esp. the summer specials on the room. Definitely worth the money. Esp. in NYC.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>susanaq27
<Content>Would love to stay at this hotel We were in town to see the Kelly and Regis show and decided to go check out the London Hotel. We thought we might have a drink and ask the hotel manger for a sneak peek at one of the rooms! I stay in NY at least 6 times a year. We live in NJ and like to stay in the summer and during the holidays with the children or for special occasions. We normally stay at the Marriott in Times Square or at the New York Palace. I was checking out the fabulous reviews and just had to go see the hotel for myself before booking a stay. We walked in and were greeted by the doorman who was extremely courteous. He showed us the way to the bar area. We arrived around 4:30ish~ The place was empty and we had our choice of seating. Bar staff was excellent. Bar manager Joshua was exceptionally friendly offered suggestions from the bar menu. We ordered the Champagne Pear Cocktail and Ginger Provincial both drinks took our breath away~ All drinks were over $12 most of them were $16 so the bar area is expensive but I tell you they were the best two drinks I ever had! We were a little short on cash so we decided to just order two drinks and share! Ha! They were so good that we decided to have some more and charge the bill!!!! The ambiance and the drinks and the service~ We just couldn't leave! Just so happens that it was restaurant week in the city so they had a dinner special 3 course meal for $35!!! So we decided to stay for dinner! We asked Joshua if he could show us one of the rooms and he hooked us up with the Front Desk Manager Michelle Matthews~ She was awesome! She took us to an empty room and we were in awe of the decor. The room was super clean~ Fabulous art deco couch under the window! You have to check out the hotel photos~ They are exactly accurate! They had a double shower! I travel a lot and I had never seen a double shower~ They had the rain shower fixtures and the bed~ was sooooo comfortable~ Yes I laid on it! Couldn't help myself. Michelle gave us some history of the hotel~ It is only 8 months old~ And showed us the new meeting area room they were working on over looking all of NY city! When we got back on the elevator we were pleasantly surprised to see a famous actor! The dinner was fabulous! Everything was cooked to perfection! They have a famous chef Gordon Ramsay~ They say he comes in weekly to say hi to the guests and that he was there the night before~ Joshua and a guest told us that information. We befriended a guest staying at the hotel in the bar and questioned him about the hotel service and rooms~ He gave it 5 stars~ Says this was his third time there on buisness~ He was a laywer and loved staying at this hotel. OHHHH I forgot to mention the bathroom in the bar area! They are awesome~ about 10-15 intimate stalls~ With fabric towels~ lots of anemities and cleaned right on the spot as soon as you leave! You have to check them out even if you don't have to go to the bathroom! Ha! By the time we left the bar area around 7ish~ Yes, we were there quite a while! it was jam packed~ So get there early! One last thing! I noticed only after we ordered drinks and appetizers that people were having afternoon tea there~ They had tea service there too from 3-5:30. I can't wait to stay at the London hotel!!! I am going to reserve a room today to stay in August! Let you know how it goes~Sue  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BigSkiFamily
<Content>Top Notch hotel experience for the discerning or well healed On the whole an excellent smart hotel experience, rather pricey, but worth it if you are a discerning traveller with high expectations of your hotel accomodation and its location. Great Mid-town location, close to Central Park, 5th Ave, Carnegie Hall and many of the Broadway theatres. A good 10 minutes walk to Times Square, but right by a subway station if the walk is too much for you. Attractive quirky and contempory interior design throughout the hotel and spacious bedroom suites, although the lighting was a bit low and sparce for our taste. Very comfortable beds and linen in the bedroom as well as great gadgets, TV  IPod docking stations. Impressive up to the minute designer showers and bathrooms. Good spacious lounge  study area with a large bay window and oversized chaise. Very helpful and knowledgable conceriege, swift effecient and friendly reception staff - nothing too much trouble. We would highly recommend Gordon Ramseys restaurant for a special evening meal (albeit not for kids) - the whole experience was of the highest standard, the food was delicious and the service was very efficient and professional, but still delivered with humour and warmth. The wines were rather pricey but excellent. A set meal for two with a reasonable pricey wine set us back 500 Dollars ex tip. Only one thing struck us as below par and that was the exorbitant in- house breakfast menu, which may have been forgiven if the volume and standard of food had been exceptional - but regrettably it was not! If you stay at this hotel I would therefore recommend that you take breakfast at any of the close by dinners or deli's, where you will recieve that renouned NYC breakfast experience at a fraction of the cost! We stayed at the NYC for 3 nights with our two sons in a 2 bedroomed suite situated on the 34th floor. We had a pleasant but rather obstructed view of Manhatten and the river because of other high rise buildings and hotels surrounding us.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Bernadino
<Content>Can't wait to return to The London NYC Absolutely over-the-top experience from beginning to end. Not the least expensive spot in town, but I defy you to find a hotel of this caliber that offers suites of this size at lower prices. You won't. Since the hotel is freshly renovated, every inch of the property is spotless  fresh. We had a London Suite on the 17th floor which was silent when the windows were closed. Our suite had a parlor which was separated from the bedroom by a small entryway  a very well-lit bathroom, which was enormous. The huge mirrors on the bathroom wall were separated by fabulous light panels that made makeup application a breeze. In addition, the shower area was ~9' x 4' with a rain shower type fixture on one end, and a shower massage fixture on the other. There was also a Euro hand-held fixture, so the bases were covered regarding your showering options. The bed offered super deluxe pillow-top comfort, and the pillows were fab. The linens were very high thread-count sateen. The ambiance is minimalist/elegant in the suites  throughout the hotel. Didn't try the restaurant/bar. Loved every moment that we were there  look forward to returning. Hopefully their discounted rate will continue forever.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>neuromax
<Content>Excellent stay at the London NYC My wife and I recently stayed at the London NYC for two nights, July 16 and 17th. We stayed in a suite on the 41st floor. We requested a view of central park and received it. However, don't make a big deal about this in the future. The park view is mostly blocked by another skyscraper directly in front of the London. I could see the far right and left of the trees but not a great view. It was quiet being on the higher floor. I also requested a room with double shower head. This was a good idea(especially if you have someone you might want to shower with). One head was a rain shower and pressure was good when both were running. Of note, the shower is not completely closed. It has glass doors with an opening in the middle. The water only splashed out a little. There is a thin mirror in the middle of the shower. Good for shaving. The air conditioning worked well and the toiletries were high end. The room is on the very modern side with LCDs in the sitting room and one in the bedroom. They have an ipod docking station and we took advantage of the free wireless internet in the room.We thought the service at the front desk and concierge were helpful and polite. By the way, we ate dinner at Amalia and Telepan and both were excellent. This hotel is not for everyone. We like to stay at a modern and swanky hotel when in NYC. If you are looking for cozy, rustic, charming, old school, or cheap, then this probably is not the place for you. We booked thru the hotel's web site and used AAA for a discount.Also, don't park at the hotel as they charge $55/night. I paid $28/night.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fysty01
<Content>My new favorite NYC hotel! Incredible property that's expensive but worth it. The rooms are gorgeous, first class all the way. Every room is a suite with 2 flat screen TVs. The bathroom is like a spa and I highly recommend dining at Gordon Ramsay - it's a dining experience!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thingummyjig
<Content>Swish suite Stayed at the London NYC for six nights in June. New York hotel prices in June are very high, and whilst not cheap at $367 per night (we used a special offer from AMEX), we thought we received good value for money. The suites are spacious and exquisitely decorated (we had a basic suite, not a city view). The enormous bed was wonderfully comfortable and we appreciated the electric closures for curtains. The bathroom was chic and functional with gorgeous white glass mosaic tiles, though the shower screens could be bigger to avoid wetting the floor. We had a calm haven to return to each day after sightseeing and often returned to the suite during the afternoon to put our feet up and refresh ourselves before going out again in the evening. The concierge was helpful and gave good guidance on how to use the subway system, recommended a restaurant etc. The only criticism I would have is that the sliding door between the bathroom and the dressing area seemed cheap and shoddy compared to everything else and seems like an afterthought.Dinner at the GR was a real treat, but we did not have breakfast in the hotel, preferring to go to Au Bon Pain nearby.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>cqt
<Content>One of Our Most Favorite Suites Ever After moving back from London, this was our first trip stateside so it seemed appropriate that we stayed at The London! Our last meal in London was at Gordon Ramsay on Royal Hospital Road so it was great for us to sample it in NYC.The hotel is in a great location for all the places that we like to hang out - 5th Ave, Central Park, easy access to Upper West side and downtown. It was within walking distance to all of our favorite restaurants (Jean-Georges, Vong, Sarabeth's, Le Bernandin), tons of great shopping and a 2-minute walk to MOMA.The hotel lobby is small and quite impersonal. There is nowhere to sit and hang out. To do that, you'd have to go to the London Bar (the tapas version of GR's restaurant) but you'd have to order a drink. The staff was friendly but the bellmen/doormen were the kind that worked for your tips so if you aren't going to tip them at every turn, don't expect them to move a hair to help.Our room was on the 23rd floor - it was a small-sized suite. Imagine a larger room partitioned in half for a sitting room area and bedroom. Loved all the details like the flat screen, automatic blinds, etc. - very chic and boutique-like. We loved the sitting area because we had our friends over for movie night and had Magnolia cupcakes and drinks one night! It was very comfortable.The bathroom was nice with a single shower head - missed out on those double shower heads that I read about. Fixtures were nice, and the newness was great!The place was very clean - housekeeping did a good job every day. The bed was comfortable, as were the pillows.All in all, I would definitely come back here and recommend that others give this a shot. We've stayed at the Waldorf Astoria, the Waldorf Towers, the Hilton and formerly the Drake/Swisstoel. This is our favorite of all those hotels - would have been the Waldorf Towers, but they accidentally washed my sister's favorite stuffed bunny and never bothered to apologize or compensate us for their poor service.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>frequentflyerLondon
<Content>Very stylish My husband and I spent two night at the London having seen a review in a UK magazine. We were not disappointed, We loved the space with a proper door between the bedroom and sitting room. The bed was very comfortable and the shower room was very chic with mosaic marble tiles on the floor. (I'm not sure it's such a good idea to eliminate baths completely but we did enjoy the double shower). Unlike many hotels, the WIFI worked and was not charged as an extra. The bar had a good ambience for a pre dinner drink and the Ramsay restaurant was surprisingly OK given the hype.The only thing my trendy New Yorker friend did not like was the colour of the sofa- I could live with it for two days and will definitely consider returning to this excellently located hotel.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>passporttotravel
<Content>Style, Comfort  My recent stay at The London NYC was overall a great experience. I will say that the attitude of the concierge was not pleasant  front door service was slow, but the rest of the staff from the front desk, room service, housekeeping and the restaurant were friendly, attentive and professional.The rooms are large  beautifully appointed. From the choice of furnishings to the linens and flat screen TV's (2), nothing was less than perfect. (the couch is very firm but looks great). I enjoyed the large umbrella available for my use as well at the fluffy bathrobe, slippers and great toiletries.Room service was prompt, the eggs bene was a bit overcooked but the fruit was fresh  sweet; the coffee was good  strong.I enjoyed high tea in the bar area during a rainy afternoon and was delighted with the selection and service. Afternoon cocktails at the bar were expensive, but in line with a NYC bar. The bartender offered great suggestions and service in a fun, lively atmosphere.Radio City, Carnegie Deli, MOMA  great shopping all in walking distance. Cabs were slow at the front of the hotel, but easy to catch with a short walk to the street corners.I prefer a smaller boutique hotel or something with more old world charm (modern is not my personal style) but I did find this hotel to be welcoming and warm with an excellent location. Will stay again.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>FloorThirteen
<Content>Ice Queen Barbie decor (and comfort level) By all means, stay here at the London NYC if you always wanted to see what it was like to live in Ice Queen Barbie's Dream House circa 1962. A ghastly light blue striped settee dominated my room's seating area (and proved even less comfortable than you might expect life-size dollhouse furniture to be). At least it was an eye-opener after the depressing gloom of the hallway. The annoyingly inadequate lighting level continued in the sleeping area. I guess Barbie never did much reading in bed.On the other hand, don't stay here at the London NYC if you think that hotel bathrooms should have doors and be a bit luxurious. (To be fair, there is a sliding modesty panel that can almost cover the whole doorway.) The bathroom decor is spartan ice white and gray tile and glass. Little thought was given to guest convenience. The bizarre shower stall (6 feet long and 2 feet wide with individual shower heads at each end -- no you can't use both at once) evokes institutional locker room more than it does romantic rendezvous. The lack of towel bars means you have to put your bath towel on the floor outside the stall to be able to reach it when you need it . I won't be returning.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	2	2	1	

<Author>Brieri
<Content>Phenomenal Hotel Normally, I do not write reviews as my busy life allows very little time to do so. However, I felt compelled to share our pleasant experience with others.Our stay at The London NYC was nothing less than excellent from the time we arrived until the time we left.Bellmen were readily available when we drove up and the check-in process was prompt and friendly. We arrived earlier than we expected and were quite pleased that our room was awaiting us at 9:30AM. There was no shortage of staff and they couldn't have been friendlier or more courteous. It wasn't unusual to be greeted by 7-8 (or more) staff members while making our way from the front lobby to our room. Our room attendants were very nice and accomodating. It is quite unusual to experience southern-style friendlieness in NYC. A big thumbs up to management!!! As for the room itself, I cannot say enough about it. It was very clean - which is very important to me. The look was very modernly unique and spacious. The bathroom was impressive (and again, very clean) with an over-sized spa-like shower offering various showerheads and sprays. The slippers and robes were a nice added touch. The bedroom had beautiful french doors to separate it from the main room. The bed was very comfortable. There were 2 tv's with optional head sets. Our favorite features included the powered curtains and sheers that open and close via wall switch as well as the sofa table that lifts electronically and becomes a dining table. We felt like we were spending 2 nights in a room of the future!!Because we were in the city to attend a family event, we did not have the opportunity to dine at the hotel's restaurant, Gordon Ramsay, which is known to be fabulous. We did, however, have a cocktail in The London Bar and the ambiance was quite pleasant. The hotel is located in a superb area of Manhattan, just a few blocks from Central Park and very close to Broadway and 5th Avenue, making it convenient to most everything the city has to offer. We were able to walk everywhere we went. The only downside to our stay at The London NYC is that we have been spoiled with a phenomenal hotel which will likely make our stay at other hotels disappointing.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mskudzu
<Content>Good new hotel with slight issues I stayed for a week at the London NYC and liked the location, the rooms were brand new and very large and nice for NYC. I stayed in both the lower floor and higher floor rooms. Although the high floor room/suite had a good view of the city, bridges and a bit of the park I prefered the lower floor room. It was more cozy and had a better feel. I wish I had stayed there the whole time. The rooms were clean and nice and very easy to live in. The beds were good and the linens were fine. The bathrooms were good also. The safe needed new batteries which took two phone calls,the electrical outlets in both bathrooms did not work. The room service was AMAZING. The chef is fantastic, Gordon Ramsey, and everything we had was devine. I did have one major problem though. I stayed on the 54th floor and got on the elevator to leave for the evening with my son. We pressed the lobby button and started to descend. The lift then stopped suddenly, shot up and then began to fall. We free fell and heard bending, moaning and groaning metal hitting together and we thought we were going to die. My son looked at me and said I love you Mom. I threw myself forward and hit the emergency stop button and the alarm. Security came over the loud speaker and saidI have you, were bringing you down. Not a good start to our evening. I was traumatized and broke down each time I had to get back on the elevators in the building. I was glad to leave. The management credited one night stay for our trouble.My Father called the hotel to find out what happened and the concierge told him that I was upset because I was running late and the elevator stopped to often. He LIED. I was told it had been serviced and put into use that same day we fell. The management closed the elevator for inspection/repair. Let them work out the bugs before staying here. It will be a great value at that point.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>karl_H11
<Content>Nice Large Suites, but... i was initially very pleased with the hotel when we arrived @ The London NYC. However, the street isn't the prettiest, nor is the surrounding area. On the flip side, it's centrally located to everything I needed: The Met, Ed Sullivan Theater, MoMa, shopping, etc. Also the rooms are large (all suites), clean and tastefully decorated with a contemporary and traditional flair. Our room was at least 725 square feet, had beautiful hardwood flooring installed in a haring bone pattern, Waterworks bathroom fixtures, glass mosaic tile walls in the bath, a 7' two person shower (with a rainhead shower, hand held and a standard shower head) white carrara marble bath vanity, mosaic tile bath floor and thirsty robes. Complimentary one day internet -- after that they charge 12.95/day, a well stocked mini-bar, two flat screed televisions with a nice lineup of free cable channels (HBO, etc), ipod hook-up for the alarm clock, plenty of storage for luggage, a decent view from our room on the 46th floor, drapes and sheers were controlled electronically, very comfy bedding (down comforter and pillows - synthetic pillows available on request if you're allergic as my wife and I are), desk with ample work space and speaker phones, a comfortable couch and leather rocking chair in the livingroom all of which made me quite happy. My only real complaints about the hotel itself was the noise. In my opinion, they didn't insulate for sound very well during the renovation of the hotel. I could hear water rushing through the pipes when my neighbors were showering and every single time someone entered or left their room I could hear their front door slam shut. If the hotel can adjust the mechanism on doors it would keep down some of the noise. At this point, there's not a whole lot that can be done about the plumbing noise. I live in downtown Chicago so I am accustomed to quite a bit of noise. Perhaps it was the newness of the noise that bothered me. Nevertheless, if you are sensitive to these things keep it in mind and ask for a room where you will be farthest from neighboring rooms. Also, I think our room was close to an area where housekeeping may keep supplies. Each morning during our four day stay, I heard a door slamming shut, with regularity, between 8:00 AM and 10:00 AM. One more note of caution, I believe they are still renovating the hotel so you may hear some construction noise after 8:00 AM or 9:00 AM. As for the staff, everyone was friendly and helpful. I didn't have a chance to have dinner at the restaurant, but I did have a drink and an appetizer. The BLT was tasty and the bar was quite busy for a Thursday around 11:00 PM. I don't know if I would repeat that meal as it cost me just under $50 (with tip) for a sandwich, drink and french fries, but I was too tired to seek out anything else. I'd consider staying here again, but for the money I would look at my options as well. The main reason being the noise issue. If that could be fixed, and the hotel maintains its current level of cleanliness, I wouldn't think twice about giving it another try.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>CMG54
<Content>Perfect Getaway Weekend I made a recent trip to NYC and chose to stay at the London NYC after hearing about it from friends. I can honestly say the hotel and staff exceeded my expectations. From the minute I walked in, I felt welcomed and pampered. Lazaro at the front desk never failed to greet me by name whenever I saw him. The concierge was very helpful in booking my in-room massages at the times I wanted. Room service was fabulous and showed up exactly at the time promised. I had a lovely suite on the 36th floor. The newly remodeled decor was so restful -- clean, simple lines and I was not subjected to someone else's taste in art. It was a memorable hotel experience and I will definitely be returning.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WrldTravler
<Content>Great Hotel, Impeccable Service at the London NYC I booked two nights at the London NYC for my 7th Anniversary. We initially were put into a room that smelled smoky and as we are non-smokers, we requested a different room. We were put into a suite on one of the top floors. The regular room was beautiful, modern and spacious; but the suite was fabulous. Very large rooms, amazingly clean and the bed was quite comfortable. The staff was very attentive. The location was superb. We enjoyed our stay and highly recommend the hotel to others. We have travelled the world and have stayed in many hotels -- this rates up at the top of our list for the price and location. We will definitely stay there again in the future when we want a quick get-away to NYC!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>budJet_Set
<Content>Service, comfort, location, value Service: A+ Was greeted with a smiling assurance that an early check-in was no problem, gave me a suite with a beautiful view without having to ask--Lazaro was an excellent host offering a welcome worthy of the hotel's 4-star rating. Doormen gave me latitude, not attitude, when I chose to open the door myself--because sometimes, I just do. Cleaning staff went so far as to neaten the suite, rather than just clean it, (though they didn't notice we were missing an ice bucket and a 2nd pair of slippers). Turn down service, no chocolate :-( Room service prompt, food excellent, (lobster risotto, amazing creamed potatoes).Comfort: A++ Suite 3501 is a NW corner unit with direct view of Central Park, (well, the west side of it anyway)--even a H River view, if you look in that direction. Suite was clean from top to bottom, bed was ULTRA comfy, bathroom very well-lit, modern and spacious enough, HOT water in seemingly endless supply in double shower, good hairdryer  towels and there is a door, (had read a review before I went that there wasn't one...)--a pseudo pocket-door that you could miss if you didn't look. Good digital safe, mini-bar w/Dean  Deluca wares! Indiv digital thermostats for each room. Very quiet, no noise whatsoever from adjacent suites.Location: A+ Midtown location is convenient to several subway stations, E is just around the corner (takes you straight to JFK, total $7). Easy 5-10 min walk to Central Park, Lincoln Center, Broadway/Time Square, 5th Ave, etc. Petrossian for best pastries 7th57/58th, (French breakfast $9.50 very good); quality florist SE corner 6th56th.Overall Value is definitely an A+. Best view/location/service I've had for the price of the room, under $350. Booked through SkyAuction.com.P.S. Asia de Cuba (37thMadison) was a true find on this trip--incredible calamari salad and bbq salmon. Not. To. Be. Missed.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>northerndecorator
<Content>Highest recommendations possible for the London NYC       Sitting area  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Boly
<Content>Fabulous experience, chic and trendy hotel       Shower area of Powder room  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>marr
<Content>Superb chic hotel       Room entry  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>reniqua
<Content>London cold and snooty I just returned from NYC, one of my favorite places. I booked a stay at the London because I was curious about the changes they made from the former Rhiga Royale. I was totally unimpressed. The bedroom was left dirty, we found discarded garbage next to our bed. We also found there was nowhere to store your luggage. What happened to closet space? We had a cold, boring room. No art on the walls, nothing. To be fair, I liked the bathroom. However, there could be better planning on where do you hang your towel's when you are in the shower? Our towels were behind the toilet, not within reach of the walk in shower. The front desk staff are inexperienced and not friendly. The bellman, concierge were all extremely helpful, and courteous. I love the location, but will think twice about staying at the London again. Its too bad, because I have very fond memories of the Rhiga, and I was hoping to have fond memories of the London.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	1	4	4	

<Author>chrismarti
<Content>Grouchy bellman Be aware it is under construction- really!!!!!That said it was hip and fun - front desk people were very cordial. Their London Bar for lunch was perfect and the waiter even showed us around the kitchen and the gorgeous dining room. Nice touch. However we ate there for breakfast the next morning and the service was horrid. No one really paid attention to us- had to ask for more cream 3 times. The 3rd time it came back with a huge black HAIR in it! No one even said they were sorry. Would Gordon Ramsey have let that happen? I hope not.The only problem was getting a taxi. I think they need to make arrangements to have taxis out front regularly. I had to wait a long time and even missed an appt. while one bellman loaded 10 suitcases into a cab and instead of having a back-up there were 3 bellmen inside the lobby chatting and only that one outside. When I asked a bellman inside to help he was very surly to me like I was infringing on their conversation. And then each time afterwards treat me with distain. Not very good customer service. However the other bellman who got me a cab was very accomodating and the man who showed us to our room was sweet and caring. The Room Service man was too and I appreciated it.The Business office was just a room all messy way in the back with only 2 computers and when I need it one morning for important business 2 men were on the 2 but meanwhile chatting back and forth and not actually using the computers. When I asked them after half an hour if I could just check my email they said they were using them but kept talking with each other. This went on and on.Our room and bathroom were gorgeous- we loved it! My husband even had his own big screen TV and it was the NCAA Sweet Sixteen basketball tourney so that was a great help.I recommend they make up maps for guests to use with names of the stores, churches, etc. Not just street names. They did finally Xerox one for me but sent it to the wrong room. When I checked with the concierge she was snappy and yelled at me saying I gave her the wrong room #. By then it was too late. If I'd known I could've walked to Mass at St. Patrick's Cathedral which was only 3 blocks away- a dear friend was playing the organ there but instead of hearing him I waited for a taxi with that grouchy guy for 20 minutes while a truck turned around in the street after the bellman FINALLY secured me a cab. If he'd been on the ball I would've been at church before the truck jammed up traffic. I missed the entire Mass! It was very important to me and a once-in-a-lifetime event I missed.Would I return? Yes! And will make a reservation at Gordon Ramsey's for dinner. We ate at Daniel's instead and the ambiance wasn't close to the Ramsey.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	2	1	

<Author>KirkcollmWp
<Content>Beautiful rooms, okay service The London NYC is a beautiful hotel. The place is immaculate with leather and suede walls, and marble.I stayed in a studio suite which was very modern. I loved it! The bathroom had two shower heads, and warm fluffy robes to slip into after my shower.Note: Look in the drawers for the slippers!The only thing was the service was not on par with the rest of the hotel. Many times my phone calls rang for quite a while with no answer.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>3jm
<Content>Great Hotel !! but pricey We( 3 women in their 50's) stayed 5 days at this hotel last year when it was the Rhiga Royal. This was our first trip to Manhattan. The entire stay was excellent. The fascilities are top notch, large suites for Manhattan, excellent helpful, courteous staff. They were more than helpful. Since a major renovation and now part of the Luxury Group, I'm sure it is more fantastic. The location is excellent. Carnegie Deli is close by, excellent coffee shop on the corner, near Central Park, subway stop, blocks from Times square......close to everything. I would stay there again, however it is pricey. Upon checking out, I felt I was making a down payment on a house and don't drink the bottled water in the room. They charge $7.00 per bottle.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beachbilly
<Content>A New High-end Mid-town Hotel Choice The hotel was completely refurbished last year to re-open as The London. Rooms are stylish and well-designed. For example, the in room safe is large enough for laptops plus valuables. The bed is perfect. Staff is highly professional and friendly - comparable to Four Seasons type service. We ate at both the Main Gordon Ramsey restaurant and the bistro adjacent to the bar. The main restaurant is only 44 seats which makes for a very special setting - staff was absolutely outstanding - food was world-class and you can have a blow-out meal for under $250 per person (wine, cocktails, tip and tax included). For a special birthday or aniversary, this is a well-priced experience -especially in NY. We tried the bistro after theatre and were equally impressed - highly creative small plates menu with very creative superb cusine. Even if you don't stay at the London, keep in mind the bistro for food and drinks. A great English-style tea (tea sandwiches, scones, pastries) is served in the bar/bistro after 3:30 for $35 per person - pricey but if you want to relive one of those great teas from your last London trip -this will do.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>cheriton-7
<Content>no more london new york for us!!!! We were going on a cruise on the Queen Mary 2 and booked a hotel in Brooklyn but THE BIG APPLE is my favorite city so I peeked at rates for the Rhiga Royal, they changed the name to The London New York a day or two after we left, and found an attractive rate for a one bedroom suite so I booked it. I thought my dreams had ALL come true, a room at the best hotel in New York and a cruise on a magnifient ship. The hotel was a BIG BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!!!! Contruction under way, only room available was on the 32nd floor, we have no head for heights, UGH!!!! What was once a wonderful, beautiful, comfortable, hotel is now uncomfortable, very chromey, cold and sterile, certainly not worth the price. I'm not an interior decorator but could have done a better job renovating the place. The cruise lived up to all my expectations, we are going again in April but will steer clear of The London New York.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>CTLovetotravel
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Don't know how anyone could not like this hotel. From the moment you enter til the time you exit, this place is first class all the way. Rooms are huge, clean,quiet, and modern. Bathrooms are well above any NYC standard. Service was attentive and not stuffy. If you could make this your home in NYC,do it!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>carlyle
<Content>Good upgrade from the Rhiga   showReview(6798942, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>goldenviolet
<Content>Only OK   showReview(6762811, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>TedK
<Content>Above and beyond   showReview(6714938, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>foresight
<Content>WOW!   showReview(6699583, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ItalianStallion5
<Content>Friendly Staff, Exceptional Service   showReview(6566376, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Queensnative
<Content>Pretty good   showReview(6483220, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CBetty
<Content>Loved The London NYC   showReview(6340542, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SunshineDaydream
<Content>Great Looking But Ridiculous Accommodations   showReview(6231079, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	3	1	1	

<Author>LLBBLL
<Content>If you are a big spender with low standards, you will love The London NYC   showReview(6169436, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>twcorpvideo
<Content>Stayed during renovation       Bath  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Yamato1111
<Content>杩戞湭鏉ョ殑銇唴瑁?#x201d;   showReview(21390740, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>clolol
<Content>Emplacement hotel superbe   showReview(20231821, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	2	4	5	

<Author>martineMarseille
<Content>s茅jouir de reve 脿 new york   showReview(20039429, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>fpenkert
<Content>Schickes Hotel, super Zimmer, tolle Lage   showReview(19963939, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ApprenticeGardener
<Content>銉嬨儱銉笺儴銉笺偗銇腑銇儹銉炽儔銉筹紵銇婃磼钀姐仹銉儉銉炽仾銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19947603, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>voyage-famille2008
<Content>Vacances familiales r茅ussies...   showReview(18336073, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MGirona
<Content>Algo "fr铆o" para un hotel de su categor铆a   showReview(11643794, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偆銉笺儓銇с倖銇ｃ仧銈?#x201d;   showReview(19162672, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kunst
<Content>ottimo compromesso qualit脿/prezzo   showReview(7869916, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠婂洖瀹挎硦銇椼仧銉兗銈儹...   showReview(19928227, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儞銉笺倐閮ㄥ眿銈傘仈銇︺仈...   showReview(19924971, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

