<Author>roberee
<Content>Served its purpose       Kitchen  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>AnonVirginia
<Content>Low value for price We (husband, pre-teen daughter and I) stayed 5 nights while my husband was on business. On the weekends on either end of the trip, we stayed at the Ilima (see my review of that property) for half the price and a bigger room, so I'd recommend the Ilima over the Doubletree any day. However, the room was nice, if not spacious, and the beds were comfortable. My big complaint was the bathroom, which smelled dank. The smell turned out to be because the just-bigger-than-a-phone-booth sized shower had a curtain which was 3 too small on each side, so it was impossible to shower without flooding the floor and getting the outer curtain wet, which then smelled. A bathroom exhaust fan would have been a wonderful thing, because our swimsuits and beach towels never dried overnight (adding to the funk), even using the handy retractable clothesline in the shower. The mini-fridge was a nice thing to have. Our daughter thought the fourth-floor outdoor pool was novel, if small, until she realized how very chlorinated it was. She took a long shower afterward trying to get all the chlorine washed off. The valet-only parking just makes the cost-to-value worse. My husband discovered that if he took his laptop down to the lobby, where there was free wireless, then he could continue to get the free wireless in the room for the day. Overall, there are better places to stay, but the property could solve a lot of my issues simply by having shower curtains that actually fit the opening. Since I know I'm not the first TA reviewer to note this problem, and the Doubletree is not exactly a low-budget hotel, it seems like they would fix it.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	-1	3	

<Author>lpickerrell
<Content>A little better than an average hotel- very nice staff.       The tub... seriously took a HUGE step to get in!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>jordanbeck
<Content>Great for Our Needs I was here chaperoning a soccer team for a tournament. The rooms were adequate--we had 4 teenage girls to a room. The staff was helpful and accommodating to our needs and were always friendly. The continental breakfast was generous and tasty, and not bad at the price.The location wasn't bad-there were restaurants and convenience stores nearby, and it was a short walk to the beach. There is a park across the street that we used to practice and a laundry around the corner.The negatives, for me, were the need to valet park (although we got a price break, it was still expensive and inconvenient), and the fact that my room's view was another building. That being said, this is not a resort hotel, so don't expect fancy rooms or a lavish pool. Considering that we only spent time at the hotel mostly sleeping and eating, it worked well for us.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ManManManMan
<Content>Just average       Room 520  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>DancingNancys
<Content>Basic Accomodations-Good Price for Honolulu We spent one night at the Doubletree before embarking on a Navy Tiger Cruise aboard the USS Nimitz. The hotel was reasonably priced compared to others in the area but it was uninspiring, seemed very old and outdated. There is an apartment building next door and some questionable activity at all hours of the night. The area seemed safe but a bit seedy. We walked to the beach and spent some time at the Hilton Hawaiian Village-very nice. I would probably recommend spending a little more and staying at the Hilton.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>pimptown
<Content>Nice for the money This hotel was centrally located and within walking distance to everything in town. The rooms were ok...my room flooded and ruined some of my luggage and shoes; However the manager met with me and ask me what would compensate me. I stated a weeks stay for next year and he abliged!!!Staff was very nice and frendly and valet parking was great!Rooms were very basic and nothing was fancy or ultra dirty that stood out about the rooms...they were just average....switch rooms until you are satisfied!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>snorider
<Content>Lot of money........ Little Value for Hotel If you are a business traveler looking for a central location than maybe this hotel works..... Otherwise keep on looking you will be extreamly dissapointed. The hotel is extreamly outdated, the rooms are small, the view is not good unless you came to hawaii to look at other buildings. The parking at the hotel is 20 dollars per day that IS NOT inluded with the room. The workout facility only has one eliptical, one bike and one treadmill all in horrible shape. The pool is tiny and has very minimal space around it for seating. Over all I would not reccomend this hotel. The only positive thing I can say is the staff is extreamly nice.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StPaulTrvlr
<Content>Nice staff Checked into hotel the Friday before the pro-bowl and it was a busy place. The front desk staff was working fast to get others checked in and assured me they would get to me soon. I was in no hurry so I didn't mind and they gave me an extra cookie for being patient. The first room I had was ocean view on the 7th floor. Room was nice and I had a small wedge view of the water but because of the overnight noise level of other occupants on the floor, I asked to switch rooms the next day. I had booked a city/mountain view room so I must have lucked out at check in to get the ocean view room. The next afternoon the hotel staff was very accommodating and moved me to the 12th floor to a corner room. This time I was facing the city/mountain side (like I booked) and faced a large apartment building. I think the room was smaller and it was not very clean (dusty) but it was quiet and since I was there for a business trip, much appreciated.The rooms have a small refrigerator but no honor bar. There are safes but in my second room it was not bolted down so I didn't use it. There are Neutrogena products in the bathrooms and the beds are very comfortable with lots of pillows. My second room had a couple of bottles of water on the wet bar.The staff at the hotel bar was great and the food was good too. I recommend the macadamia crusted mahi mahi. There is a Cheeseburgers Hawaii next door to the hotel and I had a pretty sad burger there. There is an ABC store, Subway and a 7-11 right around the corner from the cheeseburger place. Lots of shops and restaurants in walking distance but the beach was a bit further than I would have liked. I heard a rumor you could use the amenities at the Hilton Village but I didn't check that out. Nice hotel for a business trip but I would probably not book this hotel for a vacation since it was just average.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	5	5	4	

<Author>marklife
<Content>I Liked the Penthouse Room.... I just returned from the NFL Pro Bowl 2008 and I stayed at this property almost as a last resort because Waikiki was really booked! I read all the good and bad reviews about this place before I arrived and I gotta say that I really enjoyed the hotel. It helped that I splurged a little extra on a penthouse suite which gave me a great view of the city mostly but I could still see the ocean clearly. The extra space definitely helped as I do have friends on the island that I entertain. As the previous reviewer noted, the staff were very friendly and quick to respond to requests with absolutely no attitude whatsoever and i must admit I was really relieved to see that. The high shower stall didn't really bother me because the water pressure (which is really more important) was perfect so I didn't mind my morning 'hurdle jump' into the tub that much, lol! The beds were as comfortable as I could ask for and after 4 nights of partying non-stop (this is the Pro Bowl, remember?), a good nights' sleep is just what the doctor ordered. I love sleeping surrounded by pillows and they definitely give you enough. The location may be a problem for some since it's not exactly 'oceanside' but the beach is about a 5 minute walk so I considered it my morning exercise before relaxing in the beautiful waters of Waikiki (let's get our exercise on people, lol!)My only suggestion to the hotel is maybe upgrading the TV's to Plasmas, after all this is 2008 and the big bulky televisions are old-school! It would really dress the room up even better. Enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>APAlSoCal
<Content>So many choices in Waikiki I really have mixed feelings about this property. First of all, I stayed here for business-it is within walking distance of the Convention Center-but I would not choose this hotel for a family trip. If you're going to put up with the traffic in and around Waikiki, you might as well stay somewhere with a view and easier access to the water. That said, there are a few areas I loved:Service: The desk staff was very responsive to my requests for assistance. When I couldn't print my boarding pass through their in room printing service ( a great idea....if it works), the clerk quickly did it for me at the front desk. They also allowed me to leave materials for someone to pick up at a later date. The housekeeping staff also responded quickly and efficiently to several special requests. The staff at the restaurant and bar were equally attentive and the garage attendent had a cab for me in less than 5 minutes.Beds: Quite comfortable with plenty of pillows.A small fridge was also in my room.Bath: Nice towels and ammenities.What was not so nice:View: I had a great view of two apartments from my 14th floor room. Not much else.Noise: Sitting on my lanai was like sitting on the stoop of a row house on a busy street. But, that's Waikiki.Bath: If you are a senior or anyone who has difficulty moving about, stay away from these rooms. The small tubs have very high sides and I'm sure anyone with mobility issues would find it difficult to shower. As someone over 6 feet, I also hate low shower heads. I really had to duck down in my shower.Would I stay here again? For business-most likely. For a family trip-not likely.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mc005i
<Content>Wouldn't return This Doubltree seems nice enough at first glance, but there are some definite problems. I chose this hotel because I am loyal to the Hilton family for the points, and the big Hilton down the road was a bit out of my budget. Next time, I will spring for the Hilton.I was traveling on business, so I don't need anything fancy. Cleanliness, however, is not negotiable. The room seemed okay at first, if you can ignore the noticeable mildew smell and noticeable wear on everything in the room. However, the bathroom and floors were just disgusting. The carpet was filthy and black along the edges of the room, the shower curtain and walls had mildew on them, and the faucets and shower knobs all had soap scum crusted all over them.My companion and I tried to arrange for a late checkout to ease the pain of our red eye flight on departure, and the whole thing was a complete debacle. The front desk staff didn't seem to know what to do with our request and had to refer it to a manager, who then called to confirm but failed to make note of it anywhere. When we stopped by the front desk to check, we talked to the same woman as earlier in the day, who acted like she had no idea of the conversation we had had with her about 4 hours earlier. After all that, there was still confusion on check out and I had the maid repeatedly knocking on my door asking when I was leaving. I didn't eat at the hotel at all, so I can't comment on that. The location is nice because it is within walking distance to both Ala Moana shopping mall and the downtown area, as well as Waikiki. It took a while for taxis to come in the morning, however, so it is probably best to arrange those in advance or just walk out to one of the bigger roads. The views are questionable if you're not a high floor. I had a mountain view, which really looked out over a parking garage and a scuzzy apartment building with a mountain in the distance.Overall, this hotel is okay and has a lot of faults that would all be forgiveable if it was cleaner.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovestotravel101
<Content>Nice hotel       View from balcony of room 1119  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>mexam
<Content>Great Time in Waikiki When I read the reviews for this hotel, I was a bit iffy about it, but once we arrived, we were so surprised!! It was a great hotel. It's situated at the perfect location. It's right at the corner on Ala Moana St. (street takes you straight to the airport or car rentals only a 20 min. drive) and Kalahua (takes you straight to the beaches and shopping). Since it's basically the last hotel on the strip of Ala Moana, you don't feel crowded in by the other hotels. If you don't like to walk or stroll around to take everything in, you can take the FREE trolley to the beaches. My husband and I preferred to either walk or drive (FREE PARKING) and park our car at the end of the Waikiki beach (Honolulu Zoo). I loved that we had valet parking ($22 p/day). We didn't have to worry about parking lots being closed or someone breaking into the car. Valet is 24/7. The room was super clean and we had room service cleaning everyday with clean towels and they restocked our coffee and Neutrogena shampoos. Blow dryer, iron and ironing board are provided in the room and you can watch some free channels or order movies and pizza with beer for $12 bucks!! The pool was nice and warm and NEVER crowded. Only a few folks at a time would take a swim, I guess everyone perferred to walk to the beaches. Although they serve dinner and breakfast at the hotel's restaurant, we preferred to eat at the 24 hr coffee place down the block. It's open daily and they serve, breakfast, lunch and dinner. We went there once and the line wasn't long, but if you go and there is a line, it's worth the wait. Other nights, we took a few steps to the Cheeseburger Waikiki restaurant or crossed the street to eat at Tony Roma's or just walked over to Se帽or Frog's and Altlantis Seafood. My favorite spot was at the Shore Bird Grill about a two blocks down from our hotel and right next to Fort de Russy. We grilled our own shrimp and steak and the ocean view was beautiful. From there, we took a stroll on the beach and walked into any bar hoping from the beach. It was great. BEST OF ALL, since we booked our hotel through their website, we were able to get it at a lower price PLUS since we have AAA, they offered another discount. All in all, we loved the Double Tree Alana Waikiki Hotel. It was wonderful. I highly recommend it and please, if you can walk, do it and enjoy it. Expect for it to be hot, but there is plenty of shade everywhere and you can always walk into any store (ABC especially) and cool off. It's Waikiki, what else do you expect?  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pig_Meah
<Content>fair fare hotel in Waikiki The rate is fair. The beach and everything is within a walkable distance. Valet parking only but inexpensive parking is just nearby. Warm cookie and Kona coffee is served at check-in and refreshed everyday respectively. Bathroom is small and the shower water soaked the floor after use. The washroom consumables are in good quality and the maid served us well. The room is far from spacious especially the bathroom but is still recommend.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>sssss8
<Content>Terrible hotel, do not go there I have booked this hotel, since it was reasonable and one of the Hilton Family. Turned out to be a terrible hotel. You have to take a cab to go to the middle of Waikiki ( unless you want to walk for 30 min. in hot and humid), and front desk is never available. And put you on hold for 5 min. We were going to make a reservation for dinner and called concierge at 5:00pm, however she was already gone for the day. Since we forgot to tip the maid, we were accused that we stole stuff from the room and they charged to my credit card. Only one elevator was working and waited for 10 min. to get on the elevator. Bathroom was very small and can't even turn around in the shower. Parking was Valet only, and $19 a day. The pool was gross. It is a totally business hotel on business with limited budget, not for vacation for sure. Terrible service and terrible management. Can't believe you use Hilton name for it.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	3	1	1	

<Author>Bulldog76
<Content>comes up short of a decent hotel The Double Tree is a smaller hotel now part of the Hilton Family of hotels. this property is being updated but there are some noticable shortcomings. The bathrooms are very small. they offer a 1/4 tub that you can stand in for a shower, not a full size bath tub. When inquired about moving to another room with a full tub I was told the price would double. If you require a full bath or simply need space to shower it will be a problem at this hotel. They have installed a ledge for towels running along the wall above the toilet and sink rendering the sink almost unusable. You cannot wash your face without banging your forehead on the ledge. Also we learned about code 28. it stands for a backed up toilet which happened to us twice during our stay. the maintenance man told us the plumbing in the hotel is inadequate. We noticed that our deck had something spilled on it from an upper floor. we asked for it to be cleaned and wasn't by the time we checked out. The hotel has been upgraded in the lobby and dinning areas which are nice. the front desk staff was helpful. You will get approached about Hilton timeshares while you are there. This hotel is on a busy street.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Placidrain
<Content>View from the Penthouse       View of the Penthouse deck at night  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	5	4	3	

<Author>Ted_Fez
<Content>Good for Business, not Luxury I have stayed at the Doubletree approximately 10 times over the past five years, and generally alternate between the Doubletree and Ilikai. I am a frequent business traveler, so my priorities are a lot different than most visitors to Honolulu. I like to stay at the Doubletree for the following reasons: 1. good location at western margin of Waikiki (my office is near the airport), 2. hotel is good value, 3. rooms clean and beds comfortable, 4. in spite of being located on Ala Moana Blvd., hotel is very quiet because windows are nicely soundproofed, 5. quick and easy to get in and out of hotel, 6. good inexpensive restaurants in the vicinity where the locals eat (try the Wailana Coffee House or Eggs n Things for breakfast), 7. staff friendly and helpful, 8. hot gooey chocolate chip cookie upon check-in.I don't recommend the hotel for honeymooners or those that want the hotel itself to be the fun experience. For that, better to stay at the Hilton Hawaiian Village, Marriott, Sheraton or one of the other big hotels with shops, parrots and all the rest. Also, hotel not recommended for those that want to be on the beach (10 minute walk). If you are looking for value and efficiency over luxury, and don't need your hotel stay to form memories that last a lifetime, try the Doubletree.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>hawaiimax
<Content>we loved this hotel After reading some of the reviews of the Alana, I was a bit concerned that we might not be happy with it. I agree with another review that with a family of 5, there are limited choices. We have been very happy with the Alana. I sit here in the suite typing this review with our incredible Hawaiian trip almost finished. The staff here has been wonderful. We had been told before leaving Iowa that we could use the Hilton Hawaiian Village facilites since the Alana is a Hilton property, but the front desk said that was incorrect-you had to be a Hilton club member to do this. Well, I can still say, my family really enjoyed the HHV's pool. The one thing that did bother me a bit was my thinking that the USA Today and Honolulu papers at the door every morning were complimentary-however, the small print shows that you are charged for them unless you tell them not to. Not a deal breaker. It's just a short walk from the Alana to Waikiki. The valet parking is about $20 a night if you decide to rent a car which we did for a couple of days. The pool at the Alana is not bad, small and heated and cozy. But everyone has been so nice here and helpful. Everything you need is within easy walking distance. We are very happy that we are staying at the Alana and would recommend it to anyone. The rooms are clean and the cleaning staff is great too. But you will find yourself not staying in your room for much of your trip I hope. Finally, it is a bit noisy at night on the street, but hey, if you want total quiet, dont stay at a hotel on Ala Moana and close your window. All in all, we love our stay and think you will too. As far as Hawaii goes, it's very affordable.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelpro7777
<Content>Not a good experience...would never stay there again As Hilton Honors member I booked 2 rooms (ocean view) through the website for $179 pp/nt. I a travel agent friend recommended this property but it is definitely sub-par! I have stayed at many Hilton properties and never had a room that was this disappointing.We checked in late on Friday night and when I got to my 16th floor room it smelled horribly like mold/mildew. Although it is a smoking floor, the smell was not smoke. It was like a dirty, moldy bathroom. I called the desk and was offered to move to a room on the 6th floor (at midnight after a 14 hour flight) but they warned me there was some sort of teenager group staying there and it might be noisy! No thanks! Next they brought up a dehumidifier that looked like it was made in the 1960's and hadn't been used since then. When the woman turned it on it blew out big dust bunnies all over the room! I barely slept that night and had to keep the balcony doors open. The next morning I inquired about being moved to a comparable room and was told they were all sold out. Maintenance came and changed the filters in the vents and the AC but it still smelled. I woke up sick 4 days in a row and kept the balcony doors open almost all day and night. (Beware if the little birds who will fly in if given a chance) My colleague informed me that her room did not smell that bad other than the bathroom.Other issues: The noise was horrible, every time someone opened their balcony doors I was woken up. The bath tub was about 3 feet long and 3 feet deep. I guess soaking tub' means for soaking legs feet? i am 5'9 and could not ever fit in this tub! The shower curtain did not cover the length or width and the floor got soaked every time I showered. The fitness center consists of 2 treadmills and a bicycle outside next to the pool. After almost $4000 for 2 rooms/ 9 nights they then told me at checkout in the morning that there was no place to take a shower before our 9 pm flight. My friends who stayed at the Hilton were allowed to use a hospitality suite after checking out in the morning.I will say the concierge and the server we had at the restaurant, Tina, were some of the nicest people I met on O'ahu. Also my room was cleaned everyday and the housekeeping staff were very friendly and courteous.After walking around a lot I would strongly recommend staying further down Kalakaua Ave. at the Sheraton, an Outrigger or at the Hilton Village even if it costs a bit more.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UglyCook
<Content>Practical for a family It's hard to get a room for a family of 5, so the suites at the Doubletree made the most sense economically. The layout of the suites are really strange, but there was a lot of room to move around. We stayed on the 10th floor, overlooking the pool on our first weekend, and on the 6th floor, same location on our last weekend. Both rooms were right next to the elevators and behind the ice macine, but the noise did not bother us. The view was of an ugly apartment building, but we didn't stay there for the view. The rooms were quite clean, but the shower curtain in the room on the 6th floor could not be closed and water leaked onto the floor. After 3 showers it was quite wet in the bathroom. We ate breakfast at the Wailana restaurant 1/2 block away. Good food, reasonable prices. The breakfast buffet at the hotel was $17 each, while the bill at the Wailana came to about $50 for all 5 of us.Very fast check in, warm cookies, nice beds. I'd stay there again except that I didn't like Honolulu in general and would find a place to stay on the North Shore.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pettigrew82
<Content>Best and first hawaiian vacation My wife and I wanted to go to hawaii for a very long time, but did not know where exactly where we wanted to stay. The doubletree was by far the best place to stay. The room we were in was 1912 a penthouse suite on the 19th floor. It had view of the ocean and a view of waikiki. Everything was in walking distance and was no problem to reach. Staff was friendly and very professional. Breakfast was top notch from omelets to waffels it was excellent. Activities were abound from the Paradise cove luau to horseback riding on the Kualoa Ranch the doubletree made this vacation one to remember. The only downside was the lack of a microwave oven in the room, other than that perfect. Stayed at the doubletree June11th to June17th.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>Kosmonaute
<Content>A so-so hotel....beware of the bathroom. We spent three nights at the Doubletree Alana in April, and due to a friend who works for The Hilton Family, we were able to get a special Friends  Family rate of $99 a night. As with a lot of hotels in Waikiki, there is only valet parking available, which is $19 a day. It's about a 5 to 10 minute walk to Waikiki Beach via the Hilton Hawaiian Village, which wasn't really an issue for us because that was not the reason for our trip to Honolulu. The front desk staff were quite nice, and we were given a room that is the closest to having an ocean view. The room (1219) its self was adequate, nothing spectacular and one of the smallest rooms on the floor, with a lanai, comfortable king bed, and desk, but oddly no other table or chairs. The room was behind the elevator shaft which was quite audible, but the real problem was the bathroom. On the hotel's website, and in guidebook reviews, they make a strong note of the Furo style soaking tubs which we were looking forward to. In our room at least, it was a square with no light where there wasn't much room to stand in, much less soak. Perhaps they confused soaking with deep, for it was extremely difficult to get in and out of, and we're limber 20-somethings. The shower curtain was completely useless.....it wasn't wide enough to cover both ends of the tub, so water would seep out everywhere onto the floor. The taps for the sink were located under a shelf that ran the length of the wall and were very difficult to turn on and off. The spout was under the shelf as well which made it challenging for face washing, teeth brushing, etc. There was also a clear acrylic shelf hung low that was nearly invisible, so invisible that my fianc茅 cut his head on it.We didn't eat at the hotel, rather we walked to Ala Moana Center's food court or further into Waikiki. We didn't use the pool or fitness center either, but we did use the business center a few times for internet access, which costs $1 for 5 minutes.We were told that the most discounted general rate (the Friends  Family rate can only be booked by a Hilton Family employee) for the time we were there was $169. If you come to Honolulu specifically for Waikiki, stay elsewhere. If you do stay at the Doubletree Alana, do it only because you know someone who works for the Hilton Family....$99 is worth it, $169 is definitely not.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Pocahoney
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great location My fiance and I stayed at this hotel the first weekend of April. It exceeded my expectations. I though this would just be like any other average hotel but is not as bad as it seems. The room was large and the bed was very comfortable. It is within walking distance to the beach, major bus stops, shops and malls. It is one block from the Hilton Village Hotel. You can use their facilities at no cost and walk to the beach from there. The Doubletree offers a nice buffet breakfast and not as expensive as other hotels. It offers all kinds of breads, cereals, fruits, omelettes and a variety of hot items. Unfortunately, we were not able to use the pool since it was being renovated. But that's ok since the beach is not far. We will definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>amilu
<Content>Decent location away from the crowds My boyfriend and I stayed here on his business trip. The location was surprisingly close to the beach, about a 5 minute walk! It is located on the north section of Waikiki Beach one block from the Hilton Hawaiian Village. The main stretch of shopping is also about a 5 minute walk away. You can easily walk to Ala Moana Park/beach if you prefer even less tourists.The rooms were modern and clean. The pool was basic and nice on the 2nd level. The internet service wasn't reliable though. The bar/restaurant wasn't exactly hoppin but the employees were all friendly. I'd skip having a drink or food there. This hotel seems to be more business oriented than touristy which was perfect for our purposes. It is far enough away from the crowded section of waikiki.There is a cheap diner between the hotel and the hilton with a delicious breakfast. We also ate at an upscale thai restaurant that had wonderful food on the corner! All in all good value for the price ($170/night when we stayed there).  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>KSSuziq
<Content>Very nice hotel Very nice hotel with good service. The location was just one block away from the Hawaiian Hilton Village, which was an easy walk to the beach. We would walk there and down the beach each morning to east breakfast at a different hotel. Cheeseburger and Paradise was just next door and Eggs and Things and Keos just a short walk from the Hotel. Again, good location for cabs and the bus.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nickstr
<Content>Good... but wouldn't stay again After bumping our initial $240 a night room upto $999 without telling us.... they fixed it up and upgraded us for the inconvience. The room was nice and a good size but it certainly was not worth the money we paid. I have stayed in better hotels in Waikiki and paid less than half the price I paid here. We were in Hawaii during the Honolulu Marathon so we had to book this place cause everywhere was sold out. The pool area was nice. The windows and sliding doors in the room would make that annoying wind howling sound when they were closed even though it wasnt windy outside.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>3	1	3	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>kamehameha-eyx
<Content>it was ok......... the hotel was ok....but not good enough for a relaxing and luxurious vacation, so if you have some money, get a better place.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TexasTraveler24
<Content>Great service, nice room, comfortable stay We were referred to this hotel when the other place we wanted to stay was sold out. \ I was a little nervous after reading the other reviews but must admit that our experience was wonderful. The customer service was excellent, our room was clean and spacious (and there was absolutely no mold in the bathroom). The room had a balcony big enough for two chairs, and a small refrigerator. The room was quiet. The food at the hotel was a little overpriced (but c'mon, when is hotel food not overpriced?). There are a couple of close options for dining. The hotel is just a few blocks from beach access and high-end shopping. I would definitely stay at this hotel again (but next time, I would probably pay the extra and stay directly on the beach).  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lydiag23
<Content>Give it a shot! I was SO SCARED that my company had put me in this hotel after I read some of the reviews posted here! HOWEVER, I am completely comfortable here. (Literally - I'm in the restaurant right now using the free wireless internet!)The room is just fine. My room does not reek of mold (as I was afraid of!) It was a touch musty, but I opened the door to the balcony and it aired out quickly. It is pretty clean - bathroom corners could use a good scrub, but I'm not frightened by any means. The shower is strange - to agree with a prior review. It has a pretty high wall around it - at least 24 (It is above my knees) with a square corner, so slipping would be a disaster! The towels are sort of old  not very soft, but they are clean.Overall, I would stay here again. The parking is expensive, but somehow our travel agent got the $14/day fee waived. Valet is kind of a pain - and if there are more than 3 cars in line, you will wait in the street until they get them moving. But, it is nice not to have to search for a parking spot and haul your bags a mile.My complaint would be the restaurant. The breakfast is pricey (parking they would waive, but not breakfast, and I am a Hilton Gold member). They only have one waiter (as far as I can tell.) You will wait for him to find you and seat you, and then you will wait again for him to bring a menu (you see where I'm going with this.) Eating here is not quick, even with a breakfast buffet. Well, eating is quick, but sitting, and waiting for your check is slow.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>jlefief
<Content>Hilton Diamond members....stay here! We were treated like royalty!       Penthouse Balcony...room 1911  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Moldy, Smelly, Gross Don't stay here no matter how good of a deal you get. I stayed at this hotel for one night and that was enough. If I wouldn't have been able to find a different hotel in Waikiki I would have considered flying home. Good Things:1. You get a cookie when you check in.Bad Things:1. MOLD. Our room was covered in mold and mildew, you could see it growing under the wallpaper. It wasn鈥檛 so bad to see it, but to smell it is a different story. It was so gross. We arrived there at Midnight so we didn鈥檛 have any other choice but to spend the night. The smell was so strong that I had to tie a shirt around my head to sleep. 2. Room was dirty鈥?shower shoes required dirty.3. Far from the beach and from the main strip.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Not worth the money for an ocean view room The room was nice but their idea of an ocean view room for $200+ is a joke, we could hardly even see the ocean from our room. All we could see were a bunch of buildings  off to the corner a bit of the ocean. The cookies that were promised at check in were not hot  they contain nuts, what about those who are allergic to nuts?! We requested a late check out  were told we would be notified by 7am whether or not this was possible and no one bothered to contact us. Staff seemed like they didn't care about providing good service.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>brushman333
<Content>Better than expected After winning a bid on Priceline for $95 per night, I was advised I would be in the Doubletree Alana. I was very upset to see the negative reviews, but there are no refunds with Priceline. I called the hotel directly to ask for a QUIET non-smoking room (I told them I didn't care about the view, as long as it was quiet). The person I spoke to was somewhat rude, once she heard I had purchased thorugh Priceline, and told me they could make a note of the no smoking request, but couldn't guarantee any other requests. As I hoping to to relax, and celebrate my birthday, this was not how I wanted my trip to start out. I decided to see what happened and deal with it.I arrived around 9PM in the 40-day downpour that covered Hawaii. I checked into my room, which was clean, a good size and had a lanai, and faced the city/mountain view. The distance from the street was adequate, and traffic noise was not an issue as long as the lanai door was closed. I went to eat in the hotel restaraunt, wich was very small, with a very limited menu. I ended up ordering a small salad, which cost $13. It was not good. I asked how late the hotel bar was open. 10Pm closing. I returned to my room. However, it soon became evident that there were Spring-Breakers in the rooms around mine (room 406), as they darted in and out of rooms, made lots of noise, and were obviously having parties going on simultaniously. After an 11 hour flight, I needed my sleep. I went to the front desk to complain. To my surpirse, they immedialtely moved me up to the 16th floor, room 1602.This had the same view, but was at the end of the building. The room was clean and quiet, and I was quite satisfied. I stayed a total of 4 nights, one more than I had originally planned, due to the rain. My final night, booked with the front desk, cost $159.In review, I have to say that the Alana exceeded my expectations, and I had a pleasant stay. The bad raps listed here are not justified, based on my experience. The room was clean and well kept. The free WiFi access in the lobby was very useful, and I eventually made use of the in-room wired connection, which was $10 per 24 hours. The staff were friendly and accomodating.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ebower00
<Content>Musty Smelling and Mold We stayed there for 5 nights. The room was musty smelling and had mold growing by the thermastat. View was not great. Convenient location. About 20 minute walk to market and 10 minutes to Hilton's beach area which you can rent chairs and umbrellas and has several stores. Taxi cab to here from airport was about $30--they don't offer shuttle service to and from airport.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You can do better than this place We stayed four nights during the last week of January 2006. We were mostly impressed with the individual staffers, but the managers we encountered seemed in over their heads.The location is OK, but not great. It's a 10-minute walk to the Hilton stretch of Waikiki Beach. If a view is important to you, don't stay here. Our room looked directly into a condo tower that was located across the alley from the Alana.The room was clean and of a decent size. The bathroom was small. The furnishings seemed fresh, but they were starting to show a bit of wear.Because of the very limited climate controls, it was necessary to sleep with our sliding door open. If you can sleep with traffic noise in the background (and the occasional siren, car alarm, backing-up garbage truck, etc.), you'll be OK. It was loud even though we were on the 17th floor. If you need a quiet environment, go somewhere else.Self-parking is not an option. Valet parking was $14 per day with in-and-out priveleges.As Hilton HHonors Gold VIPs, we were not offered an upgraded room, which was very disappointing. We did receive continental breakfast vouchers. Continental breakfast was mediocre, consisting of bread, bagels, small pastries, cold cereal, cottage cheese, hard-boiled eggs and fruit. Without a voucher, the continental breakfast price was $11.95, which we thought was an outrageous price for what was offered.There are two computers with a connected printer available in the business center for those who don't bring laptops. The charge was 20 cents per minute with a $3 minimum. I used it once, but gave up in frustration as a manager and his assistant discussed video surveillance options with a contractor. They were clamoring about where to place the cameras. This is a small room, and it was very uncomfortable. Accomodating guests, you think, would be a priority -- seems like this same exercise could have taken place when no guests were in the business center. And think about it, if the Alana requires video surveillance in this room, which is located directly off the front desk and requires a hotel key to gain access, you might think twice about staying here.We walked by many hotels on Oahu we wished we would have given a chance instead of the Doubletree Alana. Look around -- you can definitely do better than this property.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JacksonPA
<Content>Ho-Hum What a boring stay. feeble tiny pool. questionable food service. Very clean. I don't intend to stay here again  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>FKS
<Content>good hotel for the price the staff is friendly, service is good, and the rooms are very clean. i've stayed here twice, pick the mountain view over the partial ocean as partial means miniscule.the bathroom is on the small side and the japanese-style tub takes some getting used to because of the high edge. i got used to it, but my friends didn't like it. breakfast at padiovani's (onsite restaurant) is limited to sausage, eggs and bacon, or a croisant and fruit.my one complaint is the lack of self-parking. you're forced to valet park, and if you do a lot of in and out parking, it adds up quickly.overall, i'd stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Try your hardest to find something else first-Wholeheartedly agree This is my last resort when staying in Waikiki. The price is reasonable and rooms are usually available, but the quality is way below Doubletree standards. Be careful if you book a room here. I found that they will charge you for any day that you reserve, but do not stay; not just the first day, but any day.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Murrieta1
<Content>Good, clean, family friendly hotel.       The TV and desk.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nwf
<Content>mediocre I stayed here for 3 out of the 4 days I paid for but after seeing nothing but back streets and a mediocre bath/toilet set up and a non existant moutain view even from the 17th floor I checked out and moved to the Hawaii Prince where I paid $5 more for an absolutely fantastic upgrade and the standard of the HOTEL was light years Greater than the Poor relative of the Hilton Chain,.  When I get back to Hawai'i next year the Hawai'iPrince will be the only place I will be staying at. The Marriott/Airport/alana will be forgotten!!.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, but is on a chiller-not air-conditioned The biggest thing was that the hotel is ran on a chiller system. This means you are not able to control the air in your room. I would have prefered an airconditioner that I controlled. The room was clean and the staff were great. The location was fine since the ocean was just around the corner. I am into bargains and the coffe house on the corner offered great food at very reasonalble prices.The hotel is great for families. I would stay here again if the occasion presented itself.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok but try your hardest to find something else first. This hotel is not the worst but not the greatest either. I had to say here for one night because my room at the Hilton Hawaiian Vacation was not ready. I do not recommend this hotel because it is poorly staffed and in a horrible location (very little ocean views). I had a ocean view and I could only see a small glimpse of the ocean. I believe that the only way go get a good room in this hotel is to get the top floor. The rooms are clean and the only saving grace is it location to Hale Koa and Hilton Hawaiian Villiage.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dpb132
<Content>An objective look at the Alana Doubletree I recently stayed 6 nights at the Alana for a conference. This was the official meeting hotel so I didn't have a choice in accomodations. Nonetheless, prior to traveling to HI I of course checked out the comments on Trip Advisor but came away confused as to what to expect. Previous comments really ran the gamut, and as it turned out weren't always accurate, so I thought I'd try and set the record straight here (at least as of August 2005).Location: the hotel has both pros and cons regarding its location. It is less than 1 block away from the sprawling Hilton Hawaiian Village, and a 10-15 minute walk into the heart of Waikiki. (Note that some previous posters mention that you have free use of Hilton facilities, including their pool, but I was told by the Hilton staff that this was not true.) The Doubletree also borders Fort De Russy park which is a nice urban green space. A number of chain restaurants (Planet Hollywood, Hard Rock Cafe, Red Lobster, etc.) are close by, as well as some local places. Also there are several rental car offices close by, for those who want to get out of Honolulu for a day. Unfortunately, because the hotel is relatively small and set well off the beach, there are no views of the ocean from the lanais. Oh, I suppose if you are on the top floor in the correct corner of the hotel, you might be able to see some water. But if you plan to stay here, plan on seeing nothing except urbanization in all directions. The hotel is bordered by Ala Moana Boulevard which can be busy (and noisy) at all hours.Rooms: clean and generally well-kept. You have free use of a small fridge and an in-room safe. However, the rooms are small, especially the bathrooms. Be prepared for a weird half-tub shower thing that's a bit awkward to get in and out of because of the tall sides. Decent selection of TV channels. Wireless Internet throughout the hotel for $10/day or $50/week. As mentioned there are lanais big enough for 2 chairs and a small table, but see above regarding the views.Amenities: here the Doubletree suffers. The pool is really, really small, and the whole pool area is composed of just a few lounges and chairs on a concrete patio with no real view. No hot tub. The fitness center is actually a couple of treadmills located outside right next to the pool, and I mean about 5 feet from all the kids splashing around. There is a business center, though I didn't use it, and an ATM in the lobby. Service: the hotel staff is friendly and quick to please. The restaurant staff is, however, atrociously slow. Many of my colleagues tried to eat breakfast on the 1st day of our meeting and ended up waiting over an hour for their food. I myself ate there twice, once for breakfast and once for dinner (in the upstairs wine bar), and both times waited 45 minutes after placing my order for the food to arrive - and this was at very non-busy times. Apparently this is a top-notch restaurant in terms of quality, and I admit the food was very good, but the lack of prompt service essentially makes it a non-option for anyone wanting to eat in a timely fashion. Try the Wailana coffee shop a few doors down for tasty, cheap, and quick comfort food instead.Summary: the Doubletree is okay if you don't care about views from the rooms and you don't care about the pool, and if you just want something clean and basic that's convenient to everything else.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>katchapuri
<Content>Great Value for Money We have recently returned from a week's stay at the Alana. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean, well kept and quiet. The beds and pillows particularly comfortable and the balconies an added bonus for enjoying a late night drink or early morning coffee. Although the hotel is several blocks from the beach, it is easily accessible throught the Hilton. We preferred the quiet and less crowded swimming pool at the Alana over the noisy pools at the bigger hotels, though. We would definitely stay at the Alana again. Hint....for excellent, inexpensive Vietnamese food (not licensed but you can bring your own wine or beer), go to the small family run restaurant around the corner-near the 7-11 and the laundromat. Approximately $10 p/p, including tip, excluding the wine or beer! It is not at all fancy but it is good and the owner/cook will prepare the dishes any way you want. They alsoi do take out.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love this Hotel! I love this hotel. It is away from the hustle and bustle yet close enough for a great walk to the main attractions. We opted for a suite, and it was well worth the price. For the price of a typical Waikiki hotel room we had a terrific room with a separate bedroom, living area, bar area with refrigerator, and an expanded balcony area. The room was nicely furnished and the staff was extremely customer service centered. The room was done up in soothing tropical colors which made this an idea place to spend time between excursions. The pool area, while small, provides a nice get away from the crowds on the beach. There is an additional charge for parking, but then most of the Waikiki hotels charge for guest parking. The valets are quick on their feet and the wait is next to nothing when picking up your vehicle. There is a Cheeseburger in Paradise next door, which makes getting breakfast or a late night drink or snack easy. Since this is part of the Hilton family one can venture over to the Hilton Hawaiian Village to use their facilities. Since we came to explore the island of Ohau, and not hotel facilities, there was no reason for use to use anything but the Doubletree. This is a gem of a hotel.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FShawn
<Content>We Keep Coming Back to the Alana for the Location, Heated Pool, Rooms  We have stayed at the DoubleTree Alana seven or more times over the years.....we are booked again for the end of November........We keep coming back for many reasons:....Reasonable price!....Nice, clean rooms with balconies for two chairs...either a mountain or water view. Rooms include a complimentary safe  ice machines are just nearby on most floors.....Very convenient location....a short walk to the Hilton Hawaiian beach (the widest in Waikiki) or Ala Moana Shopping Centre...Here's a tip to get to Ala Moana SC....continue walking along Kalakaua Ave  cross over the Ala Wai Canal....then walk thru the park at the other side of the canal to Ala Moana Blvd....the mall will be nearby on your right.....Complimentary Honolulu Advertiser (Mon-Sat) for each room+ a small library on the 2nd floor near the pool with lot's of magazines  newspapers ...NY  LA Times..SFO Chronicle etc......Big heated pool with both opportunities for sun  shade....kinda private......Free cookies when you check in......Friendly staff......Classy premises with many artworks......It's gotta be good....Airline flight crews stay there!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Gone119
<Content>Very Well Managed and Excellent Value We enjoyed this hotel over a five day stay and especially the layout of the rooms with large counters and two separate lavatories. It is an excellent value as well. Minor detractions were (1) delays with the valet parking during busy hours, and (2) being initially charged for internet usage even though we had no computer equipment of any kind with us. This is a fine place to stay if being three blocks from the beach works for you. We avoided the pricey hotel restaurant but enjoyed excellent meals nearby.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Anywhere but here! I spent 2.5 hours at this hotel in Nov 2004. After this experience I went from spending 75 nights a year at Hilton to 100 nights a year with Marriott.The room reminded me of a college dorm with 1/2 broken furnishings.When I asked the front desk if they had a band aid to treat a blister on my 4 year old foot, the response was 鈥淣O鈥? When asked the same individual a second time the response was NO. When I him a third time his response was, 鈥淚 will have to fill out paper work if I give you a band aid.鈥?br/>This is when I checked out.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Bunnyrabbit115
<Content>Great Value, Close to Waikiki Beach My husband and I stayed at the Doubletree the weekend of May 14. This was my husband's first time there, and my, second. If you're looking for a hotel away from the busyness of Wakiki, but within walking distance of the beach, this is the place. We had a partial ocean view room with king bed for $129.00/night. There was also a small balcony with table and chairs. I enjoyed my morning cup of coffee (thanks to the coffeepot and complimentary Hawaiian coffee in our room) sitting on the balcony. It was great. There is a small workout room and pool (outdoor) in the hotel. Starbucks is only a couple of blocks down the street. Avoid the in-house restaurant. We went for breakfast one morning and not only was it expensive, the service was terribly slow. Valet parking was $13.00 (you do have in and out privileges) and one nice bonus is that you have pool privileges at the Hilton Hawaiian Village which is just a block and a half away since Doubletree is part of the Hilton hotel family. The first time I stayed at the Doubletree was with two girlfriends May of 2003 and we shared a corner suite. The view was fantastic and the room was very spacious. The only complaint I had is that on this visit when I went to pay the bill, there was a charge for high speed internet access use. I contested it as I had not brought a laptop this time. The front desk person informed me that if I had used the keyboard next to the television in our room, that would have registered an internet charge. I didn't even notice the keyboard there and felt like I was being duped. They finally took off the charge, but had I not checked the bill and made a fuss, I would have been stuck paying for something I never even used. If you don't mind not being right on Waikiki Beach and want to save some serious money, the Doubletree is great. Aloha.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Coattailrider
<Content>Nothing special here This hotel is a ten minute walk to Waikiki Beach. It is a decent place to stay, but beware of the dining. The restaurant located in the hotel is not for the budget minded, unless a bottle of wine costing over $400.00 is within your budget (there are cheaper wines available). The rooms are small with smaller showers/tubs. The balconies are nice, but depending on where one's room is located, the view can be ghettoish.The rooms have a safe in them which is very convenient. The information desk is very helpful and knowledgable of the area. Be sure to check out the street vendors downtown and have plenty of single dollars for the photo opportunities with the performers. Be forewarned, there is no free parking at this hotel.If one doesn't mind having to walk to the beach and possibly having little or no view from the room while in Hawaii, this is the place to stay.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Txgal
<Content>Doubletree beds sooo comfy My son is in the Air Force and he tried to book a room for us at the Hale Koa where he and his wife were staying (March 18-20). It was full so we were booked at the Doubletree. My sister and I got a double room that had a large lanais and double beds. The room was very clean and the beds were exceptionally comfortable. My daughter-in-law said our beds were much more comfortable that theirs at the Hale Koa. We got a rental car in the lobby and spent our time exploring the island. We would stay at the Doubletree again for the comfort and price.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dlband
<Content>No complaints! We stayed here 3-19 through 3-23-05. We were on a tour through Gateway Music Festival prior to taking our High School Band next year so my trip was discounted but from what I see, the rates are reasonable for anyone. We had a double room, small but very comfortable for two, exceptionally clean and kept clean throughout our stay. Yes, there was traffic noise (we were on the pool side so the street was on our balcony's right) but nothing I found objectionable. If you are looking for scenic vistas, large pools and hottubs, this isn't the place for you. I found one reviewer comment on this site interesting, they were upset to be at the Doubletree after seeing the Hawaiian Hilton down the street. Well, average room rate for the Hilton is about 200.00 more than the Doubletree and it should be obvious that when it comes to luxury, you get what you pay for. Doubletree isn't luxourious but I found it very nice, clean and quiet with a friendly, helpful staff! The activity desk personnel were especially helpful. With so much to do and see in Oahu, we were up and out early and in late. An extra 200.00 a day would have been an idiotic waste for us! There were many nice, inexpensive restaurants within walking distance and shopping galore! The beach was a 10 minute walk (not counting time spent at the lights for crosswalks ) and through the beautiful shops of the Hawaiin Hilton. This area of beach was quiet and uncrowded. Down the street and to the right of the Doubletree was more shopping. We especially enjoyed the International Market, a flea market with vendors who invited haggling and had wonderful inexpensive trinkets and beautiful jewelry. For the money and time spent in the room, the Doubletree exceeded my needs and expectations and I thought it a great value! I would stay there, again, without hesitation. Unless I win the lottery, then I'll stay in Oahu a little longer and have time and money for the beautiful Hilton!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Doubletree Alana Waikiki - good value for the price Our 10th visit to Waikiki and the best accomodation for the price (but we do not overpay for rooms). Traffic noise at the pool and on the lanai (7th floor) but we were aware of this prior to booking as we knew the hotel location and it was not a problem. Used the pool everday for 2 weeks and on several occasions were the only guests there. Maid service was friendly and competent with requests responded to in a positive fashion. Only minor complaint was on check in we were not able to view the room originally assigned but the upgrade to which we were entitled was provided with out question. The general location is very much to our liking as the pedestrian traffic in the area is much less than others closer to the beach and it is within easy walking distance to restaurants, shopping, park areas etc. Good size for us as no waiting for elevators or service at the front desk.Very satisfied and would stay again  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disappointed We booked this hotel through Virgin holidays, and all I can say is that I don't know why they are offering this hotel to tourists.On arrival, we were almost in tears, our room overlooked a back alleyway and a busy, noisy main road. Forget about eating at the hotel - the restaurant is so over-priced and was full of businessmen.The pool was closed for 2 days of our stay due to business conferences.Even when it was open, there was no sunshine - it was completely in the shade and in a very windy spot. We were very disappointed.Its not near the beach either - when we saw the other hotels on the beachfront, like the Hilton Hawaiian village and the Sheraton, we were heartbroken at our choice of hotel.I think we were the only tourists in our hotel that week (Sept 2004). I definitely wouldn't stay there again, or recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>adciss
<Content>Very nice quiet hotel After reading a number of the previous reviews, I wasn't quiet sure what to expect from the Doubletree, but I was pleasantly surprised!! We got a very affordable rate including breakfast during the weekend of the Pro Bowl when a lot of the other hotels and resorts were much more expensive.The hotel has completely remodeled all of the standard rooms and are finishing up the penthouse suites. The rooms were decently sized and adequate for the amount of time you are there anyway. All the beds have been replaced with their new sweet dreams package and it was very comfortable. It was also nice to have a small refridgerator in the room for keeping soda and snacks and there is an ABC store around the corner to stock up. There was a large safe for keeping electronics/valuables. As many people have mentioned, the view isn't the greatest. We had a mountain view around some of the larger buildings, but it was still nicer than the view of the snow in Ohio, so it is all about perspective. The only negative was the shower. It was a bit small and always seemed to leak water onto the bathroom floor. It was about 1/2 the length of a standard tub with high tiled walls. We didn't have a problem, but if you had limited mobility, it might be.If it is available, I would recommend getting the breakfast deal as it is well worth it. For an extra $10/day there was breakfast for 2 adults/2 children. The food was very good and an adequate amount for breakfast. The full breakfast was tastey, and the upside down pancake was outstanding. As HHonors, you get complimentary continental breakfast, but it wasn't much. The secret we found was by combining the breakfast package with the HHonors comp, you could order pretty much whatever you wanted on the menu. As it is a French style restaurant, they were big on presentation and service and it showed.We also had dinner one evening at the Wine Bar (Valentine's Day - restaurant was completely booked). Wine by the glass was nice - they had a lot to choose from. Menu was somewhat limited (attributed to V-Day), but there were some nice options and we had a great experience. Everyone we met at the hotel was very nice and went out of their way to help you if you needed it.Parking could be improved as well. Your only option is valet parking for $13/day. If you plan to spend a lot of time around Waikiki you could probably do without as there are a lot of transportation options. Since we were going to Pro Bowl, Pearl Harbor, and to see the island, it was worth having a car. If you just need for a day or so, all the major (and local) car agencies are within walking distance.Some nice restaurants are also within walking distance and the beach at the Hilton isn't too far of a walk.Overall: If you are looking for a resort location with all the amenities, the Doubletree isn't for you. If you are looking for a decently priced, quiet hotel with attractions and the beach within walking distance, the Doubletree is worth a look!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not as bad as we anticipated We read the trip advisor reviews for this hotel before we arrived in hawaii, and they had us a bit worried. opon arrival they upgraded our room to a mountain view which was nice. The only problem was that the mountain was nowhere to be seen because of all the highrises surrounding us. The room was great, the shower was small though. The people were helpful and friendly. The breakfast was overpriced, but good. The hotel is pretty centrally located; not far from the beach (.3 miles)it was an easy walk to the international marketplace and the mall. if you rent mopeds you can park them for free at the hotel. We rented a convertable from the small shop next door. instead of paying $12 a day to park at the hotel, we payed the guy a few bucks and he let us park in front of the hostel for the weekend, which worked out great.*** Best happy hour in town! Our first night we found the shangai bistro (a couple blocks down Ala Moana) from 12- 6 pm all martinis were half off, and appetizers were also 50% off. Great place, friendly bartender (Bryant)  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very disappointed I recently stayed 2 nigths at the Double Tree Alana Waikiki. I paid extra to be in an ocean view room. And yes if I leaned over the side of the lanai I could in the distance see the ocean, but my primary view was that of the nearby buildings and the roof of the parking structure. The room was adequate although small and it had a really small bathroom. Refrigerator came at an extra charge of $10! Staff was o.k. but not overly friendly. There were repairs going on in the room next door from the early morning on so we could not sleep in.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ydougher
<Content>cant beat the price We have family that live in Hawaii, so we have stayed at at least 10 hotels in Honolulu, from the Halekulani, Hilton Hawaiin Village, Kahala Mandarin, Prince, W, and more. This of course is the least expensive and you can't beat it for the price. Our room was large with a king bed, desk and a couch. Simple but serves all your needs, anyrate your in Hawaii who spends much time in the room anyways??  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for using up your HiltonHHonor Points If you want to use up your HiltonHHonor Points and the actual Hilton Resort is full or the rooms cost too many points, Doubletree is your answer. Close enough to Hilton that you can walk over, and pretend you are part of the resort. Also a short walk to Ala Moana Center. That being said, the place is overpriced considering the distance to the beach. The room quality is a definite step up from the Ohana hotels, but the extra cost is difficult to justify. Yes, there are 4 pillows on each bed, marble bathrooms, cable TV, and warm cookies, but those weren鈥檛 enough. We got a breakfast package which included $10 off coupons for the restaurant. The caramelized pancakes there were great. If this hotel didn鈥檛 have the Doubletree brand name to help try to justify the price, I think they鈥檇 have a hard time staying in business.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2004
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Terrible...But Not All That Special, Either We recently spent 3 nights at the Doubletree Alana Waikiki, and wouldprobably stay someplace else if we ever stayed in Honolulu again. We had an ocean-view room, but you could only see the ocean if you stood on the less than spacious lanai (about 10'x3') and faced left. Others have lamented the ridiculous prices in the restaurant and bar, and I can tell you that they weren't lying. I also resented having to pay $12a day for parking and then having to tip the attendant every time we left the hotel, since it's valet parking only. This was our first trip to Hawaii, and we spent 3 nights in Honolulu before going to Kauai for 5 nights. Our time on Kauai was infinitely more enjoyable than our time in Waikiki. We'll definitely go back to Hawaii, but if we ever again spend time on the island of Oahu, it won't be anywhere near Waikiki.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>timboTennessee
<Content>Value Priced Not a resort hotel. Be aware and you may not be disappointed. $26 taxi one way from airport, 6:00pm. Expect major rush hour traffic. Shuttle from the nearby Hilton is $8 one way per person. Alamo rental nearby, Hertz at the Hilton, if you only need a car for a day or so. Alternate parking at the opposite corner of the park in front of the hotel (Fort DeRussy) for $5 day (not the parking lot beside the Hilton), 10 minute walk. Ocean is about 1/2 mile away, walk over to the Hilton, there are no private beaches. Ocean view means you will see the ocean around the Hilton and receive sun on your patio. Mountain view is mountains and lots of highrise buildings, one 5 story eyesore next door. Corner rooms on the front side of hotel will get you both views and two patios. Located where several main streets come together, significant street noise is to be expected at this hotel, stayed on 18th floor and it seemed to calm down abt 2-4pm when I was getting up. Decor has now been updated in most rooms, still working on the lower floors. Some construction off the lobby area but not a problem. Pool small, but clean. Exercise machines outside on the pool deck. Agree to skipping the free breakfast for Diamond/Gold members, you get only what they bring you. 24 hour coffee shop 1/2 block to the right, continue 1 more block for McDonalds, Subway, Starbucks, Red Lobster and Outback Steakhouse. Found all the staff to be friendly. Again, not the resort that the nearby Hilton is, but then not the price either.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PDXreviewer
<Content>Using Points Makes For a Decent Value We stayed at the Doubletree for two nights in August using Hilton Honors points. We were disappointed that they were fully booked and unable to upgrade us to the suite, as we were four adults. However, we appreciated the cookies at check-in and the friendly staff.The swimming pool was fine, and we didn't see any rats. However, there were no pool towels, and it took three phone calls before towels were delivered 45 minutes later.The continental breakfast included with the room was pathetic. We skipped it on the second morning. A very paltry croissant and coffee and juice.The room was in need of some updating, but we did not hear any noise from other guests or from the street. We were on the 14th floor. We appreciated the in-room safe for which there was no charge.If we weren't using Hilton points, we would not stay here again, but using points allowed us to save several hundred dollars!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LCXY
<Content>Disappointed in accommodations Booked a standard room. It was very small. (Rm. 822). Had to crawl out of the bed because it was against the wall. There was no space to have a light on that side of the bed so made it difficult to read at night. Also the A.C. unit was in the wall against the bed and blew on us all night. Talked to the manager the next day and all he offered us was an upgrade on our next stay. Also, the bathub/shower area had a very high tub that could be difficult for elderly people to get in/out of. The room was clean.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jetset007
<Content>Not the Norm for Hilton We stayed at the Alana in Waikiki in November 2003. It is NOT an upscale hotel in the Hilton chain. It is quite a walk to the beach. The hotel was going through a renovation (every other floor and limited kings) and failed to mention this to me when making the reservation (be certain to always ask this question!). Our reservation was for a king, non-smoking. Staff ended up upgrading my room to provide a king after I would not settle for 2 doubles, as this hotel was my second choice. I don't know how any room at this hotel would have an ocean view! The pool was noisy (not with kids, but the sound of cars on the adjacent street). Staff was friendly and the cookies were good and warm! Not the usual for the Hilton hotel chain. Very disappointed!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't be fooled... Don't be fooled by this reputable hotel chain's name and price. This place was not at all what I expected from a Hilton family hotel. I had just come from a terrific stay at the Hilton Waikoloa in Kona, when I landed into this RAT-ARIFFIC nightmare (yes, I said RAT!) I was thrilled when they upgraded me to a suite upon check-in, but then I opened the door and felt that I was back in the early 90's! The room was in desperate need of an update -- the furniture was outdated and the chairs were actually threadbare! The carpet and drapes were equally scary. If my sister didn't travel with a can of Lysol, I'm afraid we'd all have picked up plenty of germs and DNA! When my son wanted to go to the pool, we were horrified to see a RAT climbing the wall. If it hadn't been the last night of the 2 night stay, I'd have high-tailed it to the Sheraton Moana Surf Rider and paid top price!Almost forgot about the noise! Street noise, hotel noise, you name it, they've got it. We were awoken one morning to jack hammers on the parking lot roof. I guess that's the Doubletree's idea of a wake-up call.I can't believe I wasted my Hilton points on this place. I don't book a reservation without consulting this website, so I was not prepared for what I found. In retrospect, I wish I'd stayed at the Marriott or the Sheraton, which were not much more expensive and also right in the middle of the strip with beach access.   
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Counterweight
<Content>Decent Hotel at a Reasonable Price We stayed here for a night after arriving from the mainland on our way to Kauai. The location is decent (close to Waikiki, though others are closer or right on Waikiki). We got a room for less than $100/night, for this we had a clean room, friendly service and proximity to the beach.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>waikiki vacation This is a nice hotel with an outstanding front desk personell! They are extremely nice and helpful. We stayed here for the last 3 days of our vacation so we would be closer to Pearl Harbor, tour buses and so on. The only problems in the room that I noticed was mold on the curtains, and also on the shower curtain, which was'nt wide enough to keep water from running out on the floor. I lived in Japan for 2 years and this is the closest to a Japanese hotsy style tub I have seen since I returned to the USA 22 years ago. It is tall and very short, almost square. The only differance is this one is for showering, not soaking! The mold problem needs addressing. Everything else was fine. I doubt I would return here on future vacations to Waikiki.  
<Date>May 29, 2004
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Grammy5
<Content>Nice Hotel!!   showReview(1836349, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice rooms, distant views   showReview(1789627, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value   showReview(1664172, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel, good service, good value   showReview(1611838, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the real alana   showReview(1547768, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great deal for the money   showReview(1547427, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value Here   showReview(1497853, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Doubletree Alana Hotel Waikiki not what I expected   showReview(1345044, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just the ticket for a quiet Waikiki Stay   showReview(909222, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value, friendly staff, good room   showReview(835731, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闈欍亱銇儚銉偆銈掗亷銇斻仐銇熴亜浜哄悜銇?#x201d;   showReview(19166528, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉兗銈恒儕銉栥儷銇儧銉嗐儷...   showReview(21800799, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛掑洖鐩伄瀹挎硦銆傜珛鍦般亴...   showReview(19928935, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛缉锛即锛籍銉曘偂銉熴儶...   showReview(19918385, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

