<Author>Kovanen
<Content>Beware Lagoon View Rooms... Noise plus minimal view make these rooms ones to avoid.The Lagoon View rooms are an upgrade option. For that upgrade you get a slight view of the Hilton Hawaiian Village Lagoon, but only if you stand out on your balcony. Otherwise, you will be staring directly across at the tower from the Hilton Hawaiian.But the bigger problem is the noise. The Tapa Room bar at the Hilton Hawaiian plays music so loudly that you can not avoid it...close your windows and drapes and it still is louder than the TV. There is no possibility of a nice evening on the lanai.The Tapa Room thankfully winds down at about 11pm or so. But until then there will be no sleep at the Illikai from the Lagoon View rooms.-----The Ilikai gives every impression of suffering from budget issues. A minimal staff tries their best to cope, even with the hotel at only 70% occupancy this Christmas holiday. They mean well, but it is a strain.-----The hotel was clean and fresh and otherwise was a good value. It has been recently remodeled so that it shows few signs of being over 40 years old.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Scotty-TA
<Content>Run down hotel I just got an e mail from my client at the Ilikai and wanted to forward this disapointing review.I use Trip Advisor every day and chose this property based on recent comments.I checked in to the Ilikai last night 20Nov. It's a pretty run down place and not at all like the pictures on the website. They have no free wi fi in the rooms and for $30 more a night I could have stayed at the Hilton.An important note is that they had a very recent fire on the 19th floor and a resident relayed the fact that all clients were not evacuated appropriately.I would definately take it off my list of acceptable places to stay for either business or pleasure!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Acupuncturing
<Content>Roomy, nice view The Ilikai is a landmark on the western edge of Weiki Beach. We had beach access, and a very large room with ocean view. The bed was awesome, the showers tiled and roomy. We felt we picked the best place for us - a little out of the way for the downtown Weikiki shopping and much less crowded. Tours and trolleys picked us up right out front, there's a huge Mall within a few blocks, and the downtown shopping has easy access if you want that.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>5-0lighthouse
<Content>Loved Our Stay at the Ilikai Hotel       Ilikai Tower Room 2031  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>marenostrum
<Content>Renter BEWARE Ilikai Condos Unit 684 Background- My wife and I wanted something with relative proximity to Waikiki Beach and at a reasonable price given what Honolulu can offer. Also, we love to walk and did not necessarily need to be beach front.Location- We rented a condo on the 6th floor (unit 684). The location of the condo section of the Ilikai is on the west side of Waikiki beach past the Hitlon Hawaiian village. It is in front of a marina; but given the large amount of construction the area is not very appealing. But once you are away from it, you have access to all that is available at Waikiki.Advantages- good location even if at the extreme end of Waikiki. The Hilton Hotel with the lagoon is less than 1/2 mile and a great walk is all the way to Kapiolani Park next to Diamond Head (about 2-3 miles). And walking distance to several good restaurants. Great views of the marina and harbor.Disadvantages- the condo was tired and old. Stained rugs, old appliances and flooring that needs replacing. It is above the Chart House restaurant and the street noise is easily heard, includng the music.Suggestions- when renting a condo ask for photos of the interior of the unit, last rennovation etc. We would select a higher floor above 12+ (up to 16) in much better shap. Do not rent this one # 684  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	2	2	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>superstina13
<Content>Great time!       view to our left from lanai  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>pathtaken
<Content>Good value        beach next to Ilikai  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>monkey24
<Content>Great stay! Would come back again After a horrific one night stay at the Waikiki Gateway Hotel (which I do not recommend to anyone!) we decided to stay the remainder of our trip at the Iikai. The rooms were large with a nice comfy bed! We had a great view of the beach. Although there was construction going on behind the hotel we could not hear it. There was a fridge, ironing board, great little sitting area and lots of closet space. I would recommend that if you have a car to park it across the street as the parking at the hotel is expensive. Although it may be a bit farther from the main shopping and beach area that for the price it is well worth it. This is my third time in Oahu and I must advise if you do not like dirty old hotels then yes you will have to spend a little more as most of the hotels in Oahu have not been renovated. Our friends stayed at the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani and I must say that our room at the Iikia was much nicer, larger and a lot cheaper. I would definitely return.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>MarilynHuntsville_AL
<Content>Great place! Loved it! Just returned from a trip to Hawaii and we stayed four nights at the Ilikai. Two nights at beginning of trip, two nights at end of trip. The setting was beautiful, the room was wonderful. Yes, there was construction, but everywhere we stayed on 3 different islands we experienced construction. We found the location to be very convenient and the service great. I had read about the elevators being slow, but did not experience that whatsoever. We stayed on the 21st floor and no problems with elevators. Loved the view from our lanai. Loved the beach for swimming. Just a very short walk to everything you need. Would have liked the restaurant to be open, but there were plenty of eating places within easy walking distance. I look forward to going back and staying here again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>candigroovez
<Content>Honeymoon from Hell First off, I was surprised to see that this hotel had reviews that were way different than mine. This hotel was horrible.I recently came back from my honeymoon which we stayed for 7nights @ The Ilikai. We were expecting a 4star hotel where we could relax and have a good time in Waikiki. BIG MISTAKE1. The first two days we stayed at the hotel, we were rudely awakened at 830am by an emergency alarm system that went off for over 10 minutes. When we called the front desk, the worker said, Yeah, we know. We're working on it. No apology for the inconvenience or explanation as to what was going on.2. Upon looking over the TV guide, we noticed there were movies out that could be purchased. (typical at a hotel). But to our dismay, no movies could be ordered at that time due to some maintenance they were doing to their system.3. They had a tiny pool with no jacuzzi. What's a honeymoon without some leisure time in the spa??4. The hotel desk said they made a manager's decision to eliminate room service at the hotel. So the only options were to go to their overpriced restaurant that did not offer delivery.5. Housekeeping failed to clean our room 3 out of 7 days we stayed there. We had to call the front desk to send someone to our room so it could be clean.6. At checkout time when we got our bill, there was an outrageous $400 phone charge for calls that were never made from our room. I admitted to the concierge that on a few occasions, I tried to reach my husband on his cellphone, only to reach an error message and a dial tone. The manager agreed to look into it. She then called me back to tell me she could not take off the charges, but she would cut it in half. When I told her that it was crazy for her to charge me for calls I didnt make, she said I'm sorry, but we have top-of-the-line phone system and you must have made the calls. So not only did they charge me, she accused me of making 30-something long-distance calls!!I would NEVER recommend using this hotel when staying in Waikiki. There were several other hotels on Ala Moana that we could have stayed at, at a much better price and with more accommodations. Our honeymoon was ruined and our wallets were badly hurt by THE HORRIBLE ILIKAI HOTEL!!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>michaelinps
<Content>Luxury Room at the Ilikai       View from our room  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>lticew
<Content>Underwhelming.       Our room 1  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	1	1	

<Author>4Gs
<Content>Great Value Stayed in a Ocean Lagoon Kitchen room for $150 a night. When we arrived they tried to get me to upgrade to a newly remodeled room. This room was nice and clean. Kitchen was good other than it was missing dish soap and the pan was not non-stick. Great location though. It overlooks the marina and is close to the beach. Pool is decent. Definitely recommend this for this rate. Would have likely be willing to pay $200. We ate a Roy's. It was expensive but well worth it. We were able to walk to Roy's and pretty much everything else so a car is not necessary. Cab was $40 from the airport so would recommend shuttles for $9 a person. We did the Hawaiian Fire surf lesson-highly recommended. The will pick you up. I also strongly recommend a trip to Honolulu Hanauma Bay Nature Preserve. I would recommend this for novice snokelers as it is the best I have done from the beach. I saw a lot of fish and follow turtles near the right side of the beach for abput 45 minutes. Take a lunch because they don't have food at the bottom.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>kkwj
<Content>Great for our family My husband and 2 college age children stayed in an Ocean View Kitchen unit and had a wonderful experience. What I want in a hotel is a clean room, comfortable bed, lots of space to move around, a space to grab a meal on the go (like breakfast when the shower is up for grabs!), and a convenient location. We were not looking to hang out at the pool/bar, or room service, so the fact that these facilities were not yet upgraded or even absent did not affect our stay at all. The Hilton was next door, and some of the amenities we lacked, they offered from the beach side. The concierge was extremely helpful any time I needed her. The valets were very fast retrieving our car. The location was wonderful, and only a short and enjoyable walk to the heart of Waikiki. If construction in the area and lack of amenities puts you off, then this is not for you. But if you are looking for a clean, convenient and spacious room to home base in, this is a great choice for the money.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>moonacat
<Content>Nice Stay at Ilikai Our stay was on July 13th-18th. We had a great time. The hotel staff was very friendly, when we arrived around 12:30 pm our room was ready for us. We stayed on the 25th floor ocean side and it had a great view. If we needed anything we would call the front desk and they took care of it immediately. As for the room cleaning, they did change the towels everyday but not the bedding. We had no problem with that. I would say that the hotel does need some upgrades but we had a good experience overall.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>ILove2Travel75
<Content>Do Not Stay Here!!! This is not a place that you would to stay!! Contrary to what the website says this hotel lacks a lot. 1) Cleaniness-the hotel staff ONLY vacuums, changes sheets, cleans room, etc. if you pay an addtional $35/day on top of the room rate. The curtains and carpet had stains on them. 2) Parking-was valet only and it is an addtional $25/day on top of the room rate. 3) Bug Infested-our bathroom had smal brown bugs that resided on the shower curtain and around the toilet. The hotel staff sprayed for three day before they were gone. The hotel ONLY peace offering in this matter was to upgrade my room to one of the renovated suites for $50/day on top of my existing room rate. 4) Ignorant and Lying Front Desk Staff- the night I checked in was 7/2/08 the women at the front desk informed me that she needed to put a $75 hold on my credit card for the room. I informed her that I would be paying w/ travelers checks when I checked out. She said that that was fine but the hold on my card was their procedure. I reluctantly abliged. On 7/3/08 I checked my credit card account on the phone and I was informed that there was a $500 hold not a $75 hold as I had been led to believe by the woman at the front desk. I went down to the front desk to inquire about the $500 hold and they were very cavalier about the whole thing. They told me that it is w/in their rights to place a $500 hold on my account to hold the room. They told me that if I paid the room prior to checking out that I could prevent the next hold from happening. I told them that I didn't want anymore holds on my accont. The man at the front desk told me he would notate my account at the hotel to not place anymore holds on my credit card. I paid the room in full including the valet parking on the fourth day of my trip. On 7/9/08, the day before I was to leave, I called my credit card account to check to see if the $500 hold had been released and I was informed that the $500 hold and a new $400 hold was on my credit card accont. I was in shock. I went done to the desk and they acted as if they didn't know how it happened. I made them call my bank at home. Unfortunately I am from the East Coast and my bank was closing in 10 minutes so all they could do was have the hotel fax a letter to release all $900 in holds from my account. I was in tears and all the front desk and manager would say as I'm sorry. I would never stay at this hotel again. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone either. There are a lot of other hotels in the area for the same price or a little more. The Hilton is just down the street from the Ilikai and it is beautiful!!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>beebopthetop
<Content>Clean and close to beach We stayed one week from 6/28/08-7/5/08. We booked through a private owner. Upon arrival, the kitchen sink was filled with sewage water. Our garbage disposal did not work for 3 days. After that, life was better. The room was clean. The hotel is undergoing major renovations to existing rooms and storefronts. There are virtually NO stores to shop below. The elevator system is HORRIBLE- incredibly SLOW. We took the bathers' elevator and it was still slow. Heard the restaurant on top is supposed to be nice, but we ran out of time to check it out. All in all, this place was okay for 2 adults and 2 kids.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>patricia2415
<Content>the best trip ever we stayed at the ikikai june 15th through the 25th. it was wonderful. true the elevators were slow but that was not a problem. the room was roomy and clean.there are no resturaunts open but plenty nearby. i would recomend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>soldierboy0603
<Content>Hawaii Experience I stayed with my wife at the hotel between the end of may and begining of June 2008 for 7days on the 22nd floor. When we first got there we rented a car so there was not free parking it was valet parking $25.00 per night. So, the valet parking was expensier than the car rental itself. As for room service, you only get towels change daily, to get your sheets changed you need to call the supervisors and talk to a bunch of people and they dont even change it. My wife tried to get a few bucks changed so we could do laundry and when she went down to the front desk they told her to go across the street and get change. But after a few minutes they decided to get the cashier. What about the elevators? If you are ready to go thru each floor and I mean from first to the last floor the elevators will do that for you. My wife got tired of waiting for the elevator so she took the service elevator, and she couldnt believe what she saw. There were to employees taking someone else luggage to their floor and at the same time they were going thru the bags not noticing my wife behind them. So if you pay someone to carry your bags make sure you stay close to your bags.Not everything I have to say about the hotel is bad. The room was very comfortable and the bed was awesome and soft. Kitchen was nice... bathroom did not had a bathtub, so be ready for shower during your stay. Walking to the beach was nice. Even like this my wife liked the hotel...by the end of my stay I was ready to go back to Iraq...to continue my deployment...  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aussiegirlallie
<Content>Loved the Location! We stayed at the Ilikai from the 9th to the 16th June. We had a standard cityview hotel room which was very spacious. Bed was extremely comfortable. Air con was very old and noisy but it did keep the room cool which was the important thing. As written in previous reviews, yes the elevators are terribly slow. Yes, maid service was an extra charge. Yes, valet parking was very expensive at $25.00 a day but we found parking at the marina behind the hotel which was free so this was not an issue for us. We loved the location of this hotel, a short walk to beach, shops, restaurants etc. We got a great deal on our accommodation and car hire through hotwire. I would rate this hotel as no more than a 3 star. Would we stay at this hotel again? Probably not. Eventually, this hotel will probably be great, but at the moment there are a few to many issues and renovations going on which doesn't create good holiday cheer.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>TomVD
<Content>Well worth the money My wife and I stayed at the Ilikai from the fifth of June through the twelfth. We were both impressed by the courteous staff, the overall appearance of the hotel, and the on-site Expedia desk, which we used to plan our daily adventures. Our room was very comfortable and rather roomy for Wakiki standards. The walk to the lagoon and farther on to the beach was pleasant and never a burden. The overall location of the hotel was fabulous. We both enjoy walking so we were right at home. Ala Moana shopping center was about ten minutes away as was the International Marketplace and its surrounding shops and other venues. There are also many restaurants less than five minutes' walk (The Charthouse, Outback, Red Lobster etc...) so don't be scared off by the location at all.As has been noted here, the hotel is undergoing renovations, which really makes me want to return upon their completion. The elevators are very slow, which can be annoying and inconvenient, but allow enough time and expect the delays. The few times you won't have to wait will be pleasant surprises! Other peeves we had included the $35 per day maid service tacked on if you actually want new linens or the floors vacumed or swept, and the inner courtyard was cordened off for almost the entire week we stayed at the Ilikai.One note of caution: if you use the Expedia desk, don't fall for the no pressure and respectful time share pitch to save $100 off of your excursions' bill. The so-called real estate agents are pushy, somewhat abrasive, and definitely don't take no for an answer. Basically, they expect you to make a $40,000 decision on the spot after a two-hour presentation.Overall, we very much enjoyed our stay at the Ilikai. We Priceline(d) it ( for approximately half of the listed price on the Internet) and saved a lot of money without sacrificing anything.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>CLFWashington
<Content>We enjoyed our stay My mom and I stayed 10 days at Ilikai Condo 629. We had an excellent experience. The room was clean and the view from the lanai was just as described. We spent a lot of time out there. We were able to cook our breakfasts and have coffee in the room. It was nice to have beach towels available to us. I would return to this condo.Half way through our vacation my mom became very crippled up, so it would have been nice to have the restaurants available to us downstairs. They are apparently being remodeled. I hope they open up soon, along with the other swimming pool.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>BlueandGoldhawaii
<Content>Give And Take       Diamond Head is in another view  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>highloyo
<Content>Nice Hotel but Lacking Services We stayed at the Ilikai for a week at the end of April. The unit we stayed in is a privately owned unit. My review is about the total property itself. There are no restaurants, bars or any hint of food on the premises. You couldn't get coffee or anything to eat in the morning without having to walk across the street to Satrbucks or McDonalds. That was very inconvenient. Of course there isn't any room service as well. Parking is very expensive on the property, valet only. The hotel lobby and hallways are still in very condition. The pool area was small and outdated but the beach is a short walk over to the Hilton side. The Ilikai is convenient to Ala Moana Mall and Waikiki just don't expect much in terms of hotel amenities. Although there was ongoing construction next store of a large high rise the noise didn't bother us. I like their large lanais and being a just a few blocks away from Waikiki but not directly in Waikiki.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ilikailover
<Content>No Place But The Ilikai       The Grand Entrance at The Ilikai Waikiki  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pinkerrific
<Content>Great condo in great location!       Free Hula show at Illikai on friday nites during summer  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>vke46360
<Content>It's seen better days My 22nd floor room was large and nicely furnished, but construction next door was noisy and prevented me from enjoying the balcony in the morning. There is no room service, and all of the restaurants on the main floor are closed. Housekeeping is sporadic - towels are changed daily, and wastebaskets emptied, but glassware and coffee mugs were not changed or washed. There was a sign in my room stating full housekeeping service was available at an addition $35.00 per day! I was quoted one rate on the phone, but told the rate didn't exisit when I checked in. No, I would not stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Love2travelAustralia
<Content>loved this hotel We have just spent 8 days at this hotel, and couldn't have been happier. We asked for an Oceanview room with kitchen, above the 12th floor, and that is what we got. We were on the 22nd floor, and looked sideways off our balcony to the lagoon from the hotel next to us, and the Ocean. The day we arrived, we couldn't find my credit card to put the total cost on, so the receptionist offered to put the first two days onto another card we had on us. I knew I had my card, but it was in my luggage. The check in time is 3pm, but we arrived at 10.30am, and we went straight up to our room. Heaven!!! The shuttle bus we had booked online - Holoholo - was a little slow arriving at the airport, but we contacted them, and they said they were on their way. The driver couldn't have been nicer. He was very knowledgeable about Australia, which was a surprise to us, and when we asked if we would be receiving our leis, as stated on the website, and confirmed when they rang us, (only if the supply was available though), were told that, no he didn't have any. What he did do though, was drive around to a lei stall, and buy us two leis out of his own money. Now to us, this was just a wonderful gesture from this driver. They were absolutely beautiful, and the smell from them was divine. He gave us some paper towels to mop up the water on them, so we didn't get wet from them. I'm sorry that we didn't get the drivers name to give to you, but it was only my husband and I and another lady that he picked up. Not a bus that had about 20 passengers, all needing to be dropped off before you got to your hotel.There is construction going on, another highrise, next to the Hotel, but it never woke us up in the morning, and we were gone most of each day anyway. It was actually interesting seeing how they build something this size. If we had been on a much lower floor, it wouldn't have been quite so nice.We had a huge room, with a kingsize bed, big bathroom, kitchen, with a stove, microwave and full sized fridge. There was also a two seater lounge, a desk, another little coffee table, and another single seater lounge with a footstool. Our towels were changed every day, and if we had to rush out in the morning and hadn't washed our breakfast dishes, they were done when we got back to our room. We did ask for a new doona/duvet, one day, and they rang through to housekeeping while we were walking away from the front desk. There was a fresh one on the bed when we returned that day.Being at the Marina end of Waikiki was great. We were within walking distance to the Ala Moana Shopping Centre, and we actually did walk all the way to Waikiki beach and back. I would like to thank the person who advised about parking for free at the marina as well. We had read your review before we left Australia, and found out what we needed to know, so thank you. We parked the car later in the day, and were gone by the next morning, so we were never there for 24 hours, which is the restriction.There were two gift shops in the foyer, but one of them was closing down. It didn't worry us at all. Actually my husband bought a beautiful shirt, and so did I, at the one which is still open. Yes, maybe it is sad if you knew what the hotel looked like years ago, but there are hundreds of souvenir shops everywhere you look, so not having them there for you, just meant a little walk to find that perfect gift. We bought our groceries on our first day at the ABC store which is to the left as you come out the entrance of the hotel. Everything we wanted for snacks, drinks, breakfast, and tea/coffee etc. There is another ABC store to the right of the entrance of the hotel, but this one is a bit smaller. It still stocked the necessities though. This one you didn't need to cross the main road for, so it was a little easier, and quicker to get to.During my research, we discovered a Foodland store in Ala Moana Shopping Centre. We bought our meat there, and whatever else we couldn't buy at ABC. We also bought a kettle, as the coffee maker in the room didn't heat the water very well. It wasn't a problem though. We could have used the microwave if we wanted to, to heat the water. The kettle was only $8 though, so it wasn't a problem.We read some reviews about the lifts being slow. Well, yes, sometimes they were, but other times they arrived straight away. Unless there was a fire, I couldn't see a problem with having to wait anyway. We actually got into some conversations with other guests while waiting, so we passed the time. There is a bathers elevator if you just couldn't stand and wait. Sometimes they came quickly, other times, not.There was also a washing machine on our floor, along with a dryer, and ice machine, and drink machine all in the same room. The cost was $1.75 to wash, and $1.75 for the dryer. The soap dispensing machine wasn't working, but I had bought a bottle of detergent anyway, so it didn't worry me.The Gym was a 24 hour access one. It had three treadmills, two bikes, and a cross trainer, (like skiing), as well as other torture machines. There was a big container with cold water, and also towels that you could use. What a way to exercise, looking out at the Ocean. There was also a shower and toilet as well. The Pool was lovely too. You had to give them your room number before you pulled up a deckchair, which was good, as you don't want anyone walking in to use the pool. The first 15 minutes of every hour is for the Adults which I thought was a good idea, too.The walkway to the beach was very handy as well. It took you right round the Lagoon, and then you just kept going for the beach.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>managirl
<Content>I Love Ilikai LOVVVVEEE ILIKAI stay here almost eveytime I go to Oahu. Staff are fun, friendly and helpful. Rooms are a-okay. Security is very helpful. LOVE THEM Nice experience and close to everything!!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>abc08
<Content>stuck in the 70's This hotel should be torn down but reportedly, that is not cost effective...so it continues. It is a mix of timeshare, condos and hotel rooms. When we were there, the elevators didn't really work right and at times you had to wait over 10 minutes for the elevator. It became difficult to come and go because you always had to put up with the wait. The hallways are dirty and grungy. The rooms are actually ok but our room was terribly over-priced. No one should pay more than 200 a night for this place and they were quoting 300 and 400 a night for a two bedroom suite. Ridiculous given the age and location of this property. The restaurant was shut down, the pool was dirty, there is no beach and the city rooms are noisy. There is a very wierd collection of people that seem to stay here - some live there but it seems to attract people who are stuck in the 70's too. Apparently the guy who bought the buiding from Marriott had big plans for it but nothing has really materialized.Unless there is no where to stay, don't stay here.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	1	2	2	2	2	

<Author>JCAC11
<Content>Good hotel in Honolulu       View from our Lanai  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>jstanek051
<Content>My first stay at the Ilikai - it was great. Ilikai HotelMy wife and I stayed at the Ilikai for a week in mid February. We have no complaints. We had requested a room with two double beds, but that was not possible until our third night, so the hotel put us on the fourth floor with a partial ocean view. There was construction next door when we arrived, but the workers went home at 5:00 and it was quiet. They did not return to work until Tuesday. The room had a king and a sleeper sofa, both very comfortable. The room was large, and they cleaned the room, including dirty dishes, as soon as we left. Birds on the balcony left reminders that they were there, the room cleaner even cleaned thatOn the third day we were moved to the 21st floor with a city view. Although this was noisier, if you close the door you cannot hear the traffic. The views at night were beautiful of the city skyline, and you could check the morning traffic situation before leaving. When we had the ocean view, it was great during the day (when we were not in the room) but at night, the ocean was dark, so who cares if you have an ocean view? You can see it anyway.Now the elevators. We seldom had to wait any extraordinary time for an elevator. I have stayed in hotels and worked in tall buildings, and the wait was 鈥渘ormal鈥? Yes, during the morning 鈥渞ush鈥?hour when everybody is trying to leave, it stopped at a lot of floors, but at almost every floor someone had pushed the button. During midday or evening they moved at a nice pace.The hotel is clean and simple and well cared for. The help in the lobby and on the phone was responsive and friendly. The fact that the only operating restaurant was on the top floor did not bother us. Hawaii is a vacation destination. If you eat at hotel restaurants, you need to get a life. Get out and check the cuisine of the Island. There is a Pub around the corner with happy hour, fast food, small mom and pop restaurants and chains within walking distance and free transport to take you to any food you want.We went across the street to the ABC convenience store and bought some snacks and ice cream and kept them in the room refrigerator and freezer. We usually arrived back in our room after dinner, and if we wanted something, it was what we had purchased ourselves, and not had to pay the overpriced changes for a 鈥渟tocked鈥?mini refrigerator. You know, the $2 candy bar and $4 bottles of water.We never went to the hotel pool. We were in Hawaii, surrounded by water. Unlimited beaches, lagoons, water parks. We had a great time finding little beaches. Besides Waikiki beach, we went to Lanikai Beach, North shores Pipeline beach, the beach cove used in the movie 鈥楩rom Here to Eternity鈥?with Burt and Deborah. Who needs a hotel pool with all that.I would stay at the Ilikai again any time. I understand it is now under new ownership. But, I have no complaints now.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>emilyq
<Content>"pardon the inconvenience" ad nauseum Good:The rooms are quite large and quite a bargain. Though the building is ugly from the outside, the interiors are lovely with floor to ceiling windows and large balconies. Our room came with a full kitchen, and I believe that that is the layout for most rooms in this building.Bad: This building is ineptly managed. There were pardon the inconvenience signs at the following locations:Up escalators leading from street to lobbyMain elevators. Keep in mind that this is a 25 story building with probably 50-60 units on each floor, so five working elevators wouldn't be enough anyway. I don't know how many were actually functional. Some of them stopped on every other floor on the way down, regardless of whether there was anyone waiting. I overheard full-time residents complaining that this has been a problem for THREE YEARS. Bathers' Elevator (completely out of service). In theory this is the elevator you take if you are in a wet bathing suit, carrying a surfboard, or traveling with bicycle. Laundry room detergent dispenser (out of service)Dryer in laundry room (out of service)Only change machine in building for coin-op laundry (out of service)Also, there are large areas of this hotel that are just closed. Not out of service, but I guess run out of business. The restaurant, as well as most of the ground level shops. It has kind of a depressing feel. I was here for three weeks before I realized that there was a convenience store off of the lobby.Given all of these complaints, it says a lot about the rooms that I still gave this hotel three stars. It reflects what I value: quality of room at a good price. Also, the location was nice, in my view, because it is close to Waikiki without being in the middle of the craziness. Plus it makes the rest of Honolulu much more accessible.I can't comment on the hotel experience because I was not a hotel guest. Instead, I rented one of the condo units through an agent, Honey Jean Katsarsky, which was an entirely unpleasant experience starting the day after she cashed our check. Hotel guests, however, seemed fairly happy about the services they received, and I can vouch for the quality of the rooms.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>irishblueKy
<Content>Stayed here 4 years ago, will Never i repeat Never stay here again. #1. Hotel is under construction. #2, had a beutiful view, NOT, of the basically abandoned building, which used to be a part of the ilikai. It had plastic over some of the windows, etc.#3. Is basically and old folks home. Everyday by 9 a.m. all the homes peeps had already took all of the pool side seating, Oh, It used to have two pools, which wasnt bad. But unheated one went with the other property which evidently had been sold. #4. Canoes restaurant, is deserted also. It is as well, boarded up and plastic on the walls. #5, decided to go to the italian restaurant upstairs. We were party of 2 out of, about 20 other patrons that were dining at this time. We waited over 15 mins. Just to have someone look at us. We asked for, water, menus, etc. I finally had to basically, get a bit irate with anyone who even walked by. I work in the service industry and I know there can be issues with, waiting on other people. I have never stiffed on a tip. I, work for tips somewhat myself. This was the first time I almost stiffed them. but I did leave 2 dollars. I couldnt help it. This is just a few of the things we experienced at the ilikai. There were more, trust me. Go somewhere else. Do not go to this so called resort/hotel. You will regret it.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DJBBKB
<Content>Love the Ilikai.. will return       Taken From the top of Diamond Head. Wonderful view  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JpnMan
<Content>Mixed review We stayed at an Ilikai condo for $85/night, so it this is only partially related to the hotel. My sister almost got a hotel room for $130 (promo rate) but opted to squeeze in with us for free.There was a lot of work going on on one side of the hotel-half of it was closed, as was one pool, the Canoe bar, and some of the shops.Hilton also having a lot of construction on a new tower, so noise from our condo on that side.Having only 2/6 elevators (bathers was out as well) working was a pain until we followed other's leads and started to use the freight elevators. They are pretty, but we never had to wait after that.Hilton lagoon reopened, which adds a lot. Access to Hilton village helped compensate for run-down/going out of business atmosphere of Ilikai shops.Friday night hula was a treat-nice view of Hilton fireworks (5 min show).Expedia desk helpful.Huge free Marina parking lot behind the Iikai-5 minute walk from hotel. About 90-99% full at all times though.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>2	5	-1	3	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rhysdavids
<Content>shaky start, smooth ending       city side view from balcony  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TuristaTexas
<Content>Liked our room:)       city view from lanai  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>e1000
<Content>Ilikai : an hotel locked in time       Full kitchenette  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Time2Travl
<Content>Very spacious and well appointed room. I was going through places we had stayed and realized I had not written a review for this hotel. We stayed at the Ilikai with many friends during a sporting event and maybe that clouded our view. We loved it!I believe we were in Room 2626 (don't hold me to that) facing an adjacent hotel, but we did have a view of the water and of the city. I can't say enough about the room. Large, very comfortable king size bed made me want to stay in bed all day. It was so comfortable and the linens soft and exceptionally clean.The bathroom had a separate tub (very large and deep) and shower. More than enough counter space for everyone's belongings.The balcony (10 by 10 ft) had two tables with four chairs at each table and we still have enough room to move around comfortably.Service was great. We had one problem with the safe but that was handled promptly and with little interruption to us.I can't speak for the restaurants as we ate at the local places and the International market. We also enjoyed meals at a few of the local noodle houses.The best part of our stay was room, room, room. I would not hesitate to return to this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Walt_M_H
<Content>Still Ups and Downs at the Ilikai Be prepared to be flexible at the Ilikai--keep expectations minimal and you will enjoy your stay. A few things to note - the elevators going down stop ridiculously at many unneeded floors- going up they are OK.The city view room I checked into had a broken air conditioning unit that was noisy and full of ice, dripping water down on the carpet near the bed....but the management quickly moved me to a room that was very clean, comfortable and with a quiet and efficient air conditioner. I am glad I just did not grin and bear it but piped up right away to complain.That first room would have totally ruined my stay.I did not receive housekeeping on any of the 4 days I was there.I had to call guest services for the house man to deliver toilet paper, towels, soap, coffee. He came right away but I felt I was being obligated to tip for these deliveries.This is a bit unusual if you ask me.There are several good restaurants nearby within 5 minutes for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The trolley services are free to go shopping and other tourist places.The concierge was not knowledgable or pretended not to be???... so be prepared to do your own investigating as to how to get places.I think this hotel should receive a 2 to 2.5 star rating. The room rates are affordable but the service is below my comfort zone. I am a fairly flexible person so it really didn't bother me. The room was clean but the service was aloof...more or less self-serve.Beautiful lobby, landmark 60's genre being updated - slowly.Construction still going on next door...from 7am to 5 pm.Balcony windows are good quality and keep 90% of the noise out.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	4	2	2	

<Author>cdame
<Content>An older property, but still beautiful inside - great value! We had a short vacation in Hawaii and after researching many hotels via Expedia, we chose the Ilikai as it was the most reasonably priced for having great views and being a five minute walk to the beach.a) Property is old from the outside, the turquoise color can go, but it looks very 70's. At one time, this was Waikiki's very first high-rise, but sadly, there are many new hotels around that physically outshine the Ilikai with their modernity. But don't judge this hotel by the way it looks.b) Front desk staff was nice...nothing outstanding, but service was quick and they were accomodating. Only snafu was that we paid via Expedia and wanted to upgrade when we arrived to a full kitchen (Expedia doesn't give a choice for this). They wouldn't accept the credit card that we planned to use for these expenses because it was in my maiden name and I updated my ID. c) I highly suggest using the Expedia concierge desk. Michael H. was very helpful in letting us know about local attractions, restaurants, etc...and they book right there.d) Getting out of the cab ($35 cab ride from airport, about 30 mins), we were impressed. The staff greeted us, the waterfalls/landscaping is quite nice, and there was an escalator to take us to the lobby. e) Elevators were slow and signs noted that they were being updated. I took the advice of a reviewer here and we used the bather's elevator most of the time - much faster. At times, the elevators were a bit ridiculous, many people waiting, stops on random floors, etc. But we just chuckled most of the time. We were on vacation and weren't going to stress about that.f) Thanksgiving night, the upscale restaurant on the top floor, Sarento's, had a lovely turkey/dressing dinner which was fabulous. Lovely views. The elevator going to the 30th floor is all window, great views yet again. Crab cakes we had as appetizer were fabulous.g) Ground were beautiful. Each night, the lanterns were lit along the courtyard, seemingly, by shirtless/shoeless young men in Hawaiian garb. It was cute. Friday nights, singers/dancers perform in the courtyard. Not too much activity going on since the other restaurants were closed, but it's just beautiful to see the courtyard from our room or sit in chairs and overlook the marina/ocean.h) Our room wasn't fancy, but just fine for what we needed. NIce showerhead, convenient kitchen, great view of the courtyard/marina/city/ocean. Most nights, we left the sliding door to the balcony open and let the cool breezes in. Kitchen wasn't super clean - microwave was filthy. We didn't use it. i) Many people complained about the lack of the restaurants in the hotel being closed - we were disapointed, but there were a few shops in the hotel including a general store (prices marked WAY up, box of Wal Mart Raisin bran was $6.99, so only if you REALLY need something. But Walgreens was a $7 cab ride away, so evened out). The HiIlton Hawaiian Village was a two minute walk next door and they have MANY shops and restaurants. I was very satisfied with this...only downer was that there was no room service. We would have liked to have had breakfast delivered to our room to eat on the balcony, but that's what the raisin bran was for!Overall, we had a good time and are pretty laid back, so we were very satisfied with the Ilikai and I would stay there again. It's a great value for being so close to the beach. There is renovation going on next door - we didn't her anything, but that made our walk to the beach longer - we couldn't cut through the lagoon they are building w/the Hilton - so instead of 2 minutes, five minutes to the main beach. No big deal.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	5	

<Author>debnding
<Content>Not the same Ilikai as in years past!! We have been staying here for 35 years - were not informed that the main pool was closed, Canoe's Restaurant closed, Japanese Restaurant closed  with remodeling one whole wing - constant jack hammering all day long. Courtyard dark and empty and no lighting ceremony or music as in years past. Would not recommend .  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>bookixx
<Content>The Ilikai has gone downhill... After my recent stay at the Ilikai, I have to say that I would second guess any inkling I might have to stay there in the future. That is most unfortunate, as my family and I have many fond memories of staying at the Ilikai in years past, and we really looked forward to our most recent stay. After checking in however, I started to regret my decision, and wished that I had spent my money elsewhere. From the elevators being broken (the buttons didn't even work on the 25th floor), to the escalator being inoperable, to the ice machines on multiple floors malfunctioning, to the lack of communication among staff members, the stay was filled with frustrations and disappointments. In addition to that, upon check out, the front desk staff member who checked me out didn't even thank me for staying at the Ilikai! I have to say that had the front desk staff member been even mildly pleasant to me, it would have smoothed over some of the rougher spots of the trip to your hotel, but she didn't even have the courtesy or decency to thank me for my business. I am truly appalled at the lack of service that I received while at the deluxe ocean front hotel (per the website). It's pathetic for me to state that the best service that I received while at the Ilikai was from the valet. The new owner (changed hands a year ago) and Management needs to make some changes, as the website lays claim that the Ilikai has, extensive upscale accommodations and friendly, professional staff to provide impeccable service to meet your vacation needs. I saw/experienced neither of those claims. That's fraud in my eyes. It was sad to see the Ilikai in such disrepair, and upsetting that the employees treated me with such disrespect.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smalltowntexas
<Content>Beautiful hotel As soon as we checked into the hotel, we sat down with the concierge who happened to work with Expedia, Carlo. He was so helpful and booked all the tours we wanted with him. He is not at the likai every day so be sure to ask for him.Our room was to be a cityview, but were upgraded to a marina view with a kitchenette. The room was very nice and the bed was heavenly! Yes, the elevator could be slow if the hotel was very busy, but we did not have much of a problem. There is also an elevator for bathers and we took that at times since it seemed to be faster.The hotel was not as congested as many of the others which was relaxing. In my opinion, it was just as beautiful a hotel as the better known hotels in the area. All the tour companies picked up at the likai. Everyone was very friendly and helpful.On the downside, the escalator outside was not working and you had to climb stairs to the lobby which was a problem if you have bad knees. We wanted to have drinks on the lovely patio area in back of the hotel and watch the sunset but their restaurant was closed for renovation and no drinks were to be had.The trip to the beach was also a problem. Because there was renovations being done to the hotel next door, walking to the beach was long and not very nice having to dodge construction and car traffic.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>malanaraka
<Content>LOVED the Ilikai Don't judge the hotel by the outside. It's beautiful inside, the service is outstanding, the beds are comfortable. Plus it's a short walk to Waikiki Beach.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lizSingapore
<Content>i love illikai!it is the best place to be in the whole world! the place is excellent!it is the best place to be!there's everything you need!it's a paradise!the swimming pool is really nice!everythings nice!its first class!its like in heaven!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BoopBooGirl
<Content>Best for the Price and Location After reading reviews of the Ilikai and figuring out that it would be highly likely that I get the Ilikai via Hotwire...I went for it. Upon late night arrival, I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel has been totally remodeled and looks wonderful. It is clean and the staff is friendly as well as accommodating. I asked to have a water view if possible (even though I knew we prepaid for a less desirable view via hotwire) and they upgraded our room to a suite with full kitchenette and view of the marina. The room was better suited for us because we were traveling with our two small children. Our girls slept on the sofa bed while we slept in what felt like one of those heavenly beds at the higher-end hotels. Needless to say we slept well.The room was large and very clean (which is hard to find these days). The lanai was huge. I discovered Bath  Body Works soaps  lotions in the bathroom which I loved. I don't think you will find a better place on the water for the money. The property is situated with part of the hotel facing the marina and the other half faces the sandy beach. We could have spent anywhere from $170 to $225 on up for a fancier hotel (and not necessarily on the beach) but I doubt we would have had a nicer time. Our room was only $106 per night! Would I return--absolutely!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pasadenas44
<Content>Had good stay here       Arrival at Ilikai  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kerryjaneNewMexico
<Content>Quiet and charming We really loved this hotel because it was quiet and charming. I traveled with my husband and 9 year old and we all loved the beds, the roominess of our two room suite and the city and ocean views from the 23rd floor. The lobby and rooms were clean, the staff friendly and efficient. It is an old hotel and there were mostly elderly people around so don't stay here is you want action -- go next door to the Hilton Hawaiian Village. The elevators are quite slow so be patient. We appreciated the grocery store and gift shop downstairs and there is even a salon and doctor's office. If you want peace and quiet stay at the Ilikai.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Magnus-Maximus
<Content>Ideal for what we needed I always use Trip Advisor before booking any hotel so I was a little apprehensive about staying at the Ilikai after reading previous reviews. I'm happy to report that we did not experience any of the problems that previous reviewers have encountered. We took the airport shuttle to the hotel - $9.00 per person - it made a few stops before reaching our hotel but you can't beat the price! We arrived late at night so there were only a few passengers, during peak season this could get really busy though. I'm glad we didn't immediately rent a car as we were told that parking at the hotel has been increased to $50.00 per day (ouch!)The hotel gives a great first impression - waterfalls and sculptures in the lobby. Very nice. Valets are available to help with luggage; there are stairs to climb to the lobby (or you can use the escalator but it's hard with luggage). The receptionist was nice, not overly friendly but it was 11.30pm and we weren't feeling chipper either. We requested a late 2pm check-out time instead of 11am - not a problem.The room was larger than expected with a king size bed, sofa, kitchenette, large bathroom, all obviously recently renovated. The granite countertops are beautiful. Also in the room is an iron, ironing board, hairdryer and safe. We were very high up, the views are outstanding, we sat outside on the balcony many times. It is very, very noisy out on the balcony but you can't hear anything inside with the door shut - sleeping was no problem. The balconies have a table and chairs. The kitchen is adequately stocked with basic utensils and comes with a microwave, oven, full-size fridge, large sink area, coffee machine etc. Ok for two people, fine for a family of four with younger children, perhaps anymore would be too crowded. The bathroom has Bath and Bodyworks products - a nice touch - the only problem with the bathroom is how close the toilet is to the shower. Very strange! The bed was very, very comfortable. And great bedding!! The pillows are so awesome that I tracked down the company that makes them and purchased a couple of king size for my home. The best pillows I've ever used :-)We did not use the pool so I cannot comment on that only to say it looks very small and disappointing.There is a glass elevator up to the restaurant on top of the hotel. We didn't eat at the restaurant but went up and down the elevator several times - fantastic views.Tip: If you arrive late, as we did, and wake up jetlagged, disorientated and hungry there is a Starbucks conveniently located nextdoor. We needed the caffeine boost!The Ilikai is in a great location for all attractions, we walked everywhere. Although there is construction going on around the hotel we were not affected in at all and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Bren727
<Content>I liked it!!       View from Ala Moana Blvd.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>GgirlHawaii
<Content>Awesome View for the Price We booked our hotel thru a condo website. We were not disappointed. Yes, this hotel needs to be updated but for the price we paid, we couldn't have gotten a better view. Our view from the 6th floor Yacht Harbor was outstanding. No buildings, no construction, sunset view and quiet. Are you kidding? It was too quiet at night. We stayed here before and sort of missed the weekend when more tourists would come and hang out at the pool. There are two pools. One is being remodeled as that part of the property has been sold, we heard to a company that will be renovating it to a 4 star hotel. The other pool is right in the middle of the hotel and Hilton. The construction on the lagoon will be done by September according to the workers we asked. But if you stay at the yacht side, you won't even know there's a construction going on. We were there for 11 days, elevators weren't a problem except for 2x. That's 2x in 11 days in a building with 25 floors. To tell you the truth, we were anticipating delays due from the reviews here but it wasn't that way at all. The kitchen is fully equipped. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Yes, I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>houghtkw
<Content>Never stay here       water collection  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	2	1	1	

<Author>margod
<Content>Ilikai Loved the Great Waikiki Ocean Front Location         
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bcpaula
<Content>Downhill Slide For The Ilikai I would think twice before booking a trip at the Ilikai Hotel in Waikiki. I stayed here on business 5 years ago and the place has gone downhill since then. The elevators don't work every time. Even if you are supposed to go down to the lobby area, they sometimes go up to the 24th floor. At first, I thought I had too many Mai-Tais, but other guests were making similar complaints. There is a sign next to the elevators saying that they are renovating, but I don't see any work being done on them. My room's refigerator doesn't work and it looks like that has been the case for some time. The knobs on the a/c unit are missing, so I cannot adjust the temperature or fan level and the iron's control knob is missing as well. Almost forgot-the ice machine on my floor is broke so I had to use the stairs to get some ice!To be fair, the staff has been very polite and helpful, but the maintenance and quality control is really lacking here. They should spend less time and effort keeping the lobby area immaculate (it is very clean and beautiful) and more time fixing all of the little problems that add up to unhappy guests. They don't even have a restaurant that serves breakfast or lunch in the hotel. Hotwire.com rates this 3 and a half stars-NO WAY! There have to be other hotels at a similar price that you can stay at instead of here. I booked the Prince hotel last year for $30 more a night-what a difference!!! Unless I hear from other travelers in the future that the Ilikai has done a huge transfomation, I would never stay here againButch PaulaPleasant Hill, CA  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>robmur
<Content>Ilikai probably stands for noisy What can I say that isn't too cruel? Ilikai, At the beginning of Waikiki, at the end of the hotel-line. Really, a lousy, desolate, overprized tower-hotel; one side facing Ala Moana and the city of Honolulu. Very loud partially due to the very old windows (aluminum). Another side, facing towards ('cause you can't of course see it), Waikiki, is horrible due to construction noise for a new hotel complex (weekdays, 8:00 Am 鈥?5:00 PM). The third possibility, yes, faces the ocean (towards the airport-not a noise problem), which you can get for an upgrade of $500 per night! Yes, really! Lobby is shabby, terrace poor, only two very small and overprized shops, lousy outdoor bar, dirty swimming pool, non-functional elevators and therefore long lines, snappy staff. Valet parking for your rental car, $25.00 per night.The above still couldn鈥檛 kill my love for Hawaii.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	2	2	2	

<Author>Gl0ria
<Content>Ilikai Hotel The Ilikai Hotel is a good place to sleep at. There is no room service, no guest services what so ever and the Canoe Restrauant is open for breakfast and drinks in the evening but, If I remember correctly it isn't open past 9 P. M. So, don't count on having fun there. The Pool closes at 7:30 P.M. every night. Room service is great as long as you tip,otherwise you may not get clean towels or anything else such as coffee for the coffee maker. Also they passed the law in Oahu that smoking is NO LONGER allowed in hotels. The Ilikai Hotel will charge you a reconditioning fee of $300.00 if your caught smoking in your room or on your balcony. I don't smoke but thought I would let smokers know! I know this because there were smokers in our group. Also, the Hilton next door is doing some construction and the workers start work around 6 A.M. every morning.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amrkitty
<Content>Could have been so good! This is a beautiful hotel in a convenient location. The problems I had were the same other people have mentioned before:1. Ask if there is a convention being held at the hotel while you are there. The Yoga people made our entire stay difficult. I guess since they had been there longer they felt as though they ran the place. I overheard one of them say they were to be there 9 weeks (?) 2. The elevators are RIDICULOUS! When they are working, the go up and down erratically within the same trip, shake, squeak, stop at every floor, and Yoga people have learned that the only way to get where you need to go is to cram into the one working elevator that services 25 floors. Nothing like having sweaty sportswear against you in the elevator...3. You will most likely not get the room you requested. I realize this is not guaranteed when you book, but come on, I asked for a double room. I was angry to be paying this much to sleep on a fold-out couch. 4. They advertise that there is a car rental on site. There is, but they have a VERY small fleet, are open only until 1 pm, and you have to return the car to a different location. Extremely inconvenient. The upsides are:1. Location is good. You are on the quiet end of Waikiki Beach, but if you want to go where the action is, it's a short walk. 2. The snorkeling is great in the morning; only about a five minute walk from the start of the beach. Go down in front of Fort DeRussy park, straight out from the volleyball courts and Lifeguard station T1. About 30 feet in from the buoys you will find a cleaning station where fish hang out and wait to get the junk picked off of them by other fish. The only problem is it starts to get murky after about noon. 3. There is a convenience store inside the hotel where you can buy (relatively) inexpensive things for lunch and breakfast. There is fruit, yogurt, muffins, granola bars, frozen stuff, etc. that you can get if you don't want to spend the time and money eating in their restaurants.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>wwwench
<Content>great location  My husband and I just returned from a week at the Ilikai and liked many things about this hotel. However, the Ilikai has serious problems that urgently need to be addressed. Until I'm sure that substantive changes have been made, I will not be back.We stayed in a deluxe room with a balcony on the 23rd floor. The views of the harbor, park and city were drop-dead gorgeous and we spent many happy evenings on the balcony, toasting the sunset. Our room was large and lovely--not fancy, but comfortable and well-decorated--with two big closets (not enough hangers, but housekeeping brought more on request), two refrigerators, plug-and-play Internet, separate bath and shower, OK toiletries, abundant fluffy towels, and a comfortable bed with bountiful pillows and quality linens. (There were no bathrobes and no minibar, which seemed odd at this price point.) Light control was good and the air conditioner worked perfectly. We slept extremely well in this room.I loved the location of the Ilikai, a bit off the beaten track, overlooking the Yacht Club, a short walk to Waikiki beach on the east and Ala Moana Park on the west. At this wonderful park (conveniently located across the street from Neiman Marcus!) you can walk, run, bike, swim, surf, roller-blade, play tennis, picnic or just bask in the sun, along with real Hawaiians in their glorious diversity. I also loved Canoe's, the little restaurant off the lobby, overlooking the harbor. My husband being otherwise occupied by meetings in windowless rooms, I discovered the bar there--a convenient place with excellent food and a friendly staff, ideal for lunching alone. The staff was genuinely excellent. Valet parkers were speedy. The front desk was friendly and efficient. The concierge got us reservations, at the very last minute, at every restaurant in which we wanted to eat. Plus, when my hair needed emergency attention, she sent me to the Paul Brown Salon, where I got one of the best color-cuts of my life (by Toru Yamamoto--worth a trip to Hawaii!). Housekeeping came promptly when called (I always requested an early morning cleaning during my walk) and left everything spotless. Room service (from Canoe's) was glacially slow (an understaffing problem, we learned) but once the nice waiter arrived, the food was delicious. And the bartenders and waitstaff at both Canoe's and Sarento's (the expensive, top-floor restaurant, with fabulous views) were letter perfect. The only bad staffing area was the bell desk: at check-in, we were never able to get anyone to help us with our luggage, even after repeated calls. Bellmen were assisting other customers--forever! When we finally gave up and decided to carry our own bags, we couldn't even get a luggage cart. We ended up dragging and hauling everything by hand. Which seemed to be par for the course at the Ilikai, where I seldom saw a bellman and observed many guests schlepping their own bags.A more serious problem was the elevators, some of which were totally inoperable, none of which functioned properly. The beach elevator was completely dead during our stay. Ergo, the regular elevators were packed with people in wet bathing suits and sweat-soaked athletic clothes. The elevators either stopped at every floor or zoomed past the floors selected, to the dismay of the grouchy guests. Sometimes, when you got into the elevator, it wouldn't move at all. At other times, the doors would open and the elevator car would be ominously dark. The fan was broken in the elevator to the top floor restaurant, Sarento's--a glass elevator on the outside of a building in a torrid city, with no ventilation?! I got in anyway, but by the time I arrived at Sarento's, was literally drenched in sweat. This was not just an inconvenience, but a health hazard. There were no elevator repairmen on the scene, not ever, just signs on the elevators apologizing for the inconvenience (which, we learned from the long-term residents, has been going on since February!). Compare and contrast: when I stayed at the Four Seasons in Las Vegas in January and one of the elevators went down, there was a repair crew there within hours and the elevator was back on line the next morning. At the risk of sounding like a spoiled little princess: where I come from, functioning elevators in high-rise hotels are not just optional amenities, like bathrobes or minibars, but necessities. Getting them in working order is part of the cost of doing business, and if the Ilikai management cannot afford to repair the elevators, they should get out of the way and sell the hotel to somebody who can. Also, we learned one night when we ordered room service that most of the wine choices were not available because Canoe's restaurant was closing that Friday and nothing was being restocked. When I asked the bartender about this, he confirmed that management was closing Canoe's because, according to them, it didn't make enough profit. Also, they were redecorating. In the bartender's opinion, this was a ruse by management to replace long-time, unionized employees with cheap labor. The workers were invited to reapply for their old jobs if/when the restaurant reopened, but nobody I talked to expected to be rehired. If the sight of long-time coworkers (many of whom had worked there for 20-plus years) crying in each other's arms is not enough to ruin your trip to Honolulu (and inspire you to avoid the Ilikai like the plague!) how about the prospect of no casual, reasonably-priced restaurant in the hotel to have a drink or lunch? And what about room service? I didn't notice anyone hurrying to replace our old room service menus (from Canoe's) with new menus from Sarento's (currently open only for dinner) or the other restaurant in the hotel, Tanaka of Tokyo, which is quite expensive.Worst of all, the fire alarms malfunctioned. On our last night in the hotel, at about 3:45 a.m., the fire alarm sounded, and a voice (in English) told us to not to worry, but to wait for further instructions. Which worried me. (Isn't this what they initially told the guests during the MGM Grand fire?!) I got dressed and went out onto the balcony to see if I could spell smoke or hear the fire trucks coming. No on both counts. But I could see a flashing blue light in the lobby of Sarento's, the rooftop restaurant. Ten minutes later, I saw the glass elevator go up. Which also worried me. Shouldn't the elevators be off during a fire alarm?! Then, another voice (in Japanese) came on the emergency broadcast system and said...um, I don't know what it said, since I don't speak Japanese. My husband and I decided not to wait any longer, hightailed it down the hall, found the emergency exit (there were no safety lights in the dark alcove between the exit door and the door to the stairwell), and walked down 23 flights of to the lobby--where we were greeted by a harried security guard, who said there was no fire and we should go back upstairs. Which is when we learned from one of the condo owners that the fire alarms have been malfunctioning for months and have not been repaired by management--and that, because of all the false alarms, the Honolulu Fire Department will not come to the Ilikai unless someone (presumably, the harried security guard) calls them on the phone and confirms that there really is a fire. (So, if that person is burned to a crisp, or passed out from smoke inhalation, the fire department never comes at all?!) Call me a worry wart, but I see this as serious safety issue which, during a real fire, could cost people their lives. And with so many lodging choices in Honolulu, why would anyone stay in a hotel that shows such callous disregard for the safety of their guests by cheaping out on the fire alarms? Plus, if management hasn't been maintaining something as important as the fire alarms, what else have they also been neglecting? The electrical wiring? The fire sprinkler system?  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>akimi
<Content>going downhill fast The Ilikai gets worse and worse with every visit. There is no more buffet breakfast, just an overpriced although tasty menu.If you have stayed there before, be advised, there is no more large pool and there is lots of construction on the Hilton side. The little coffee shop has been consolidated with the small market. All the nice little touches are disappearing. The elevators are often out of order. The Ilikai is definitely transitioning towards condos and residents, with fewer amenities for the visitor. The escalator was out of order the whole time we were there. Of course it still is convenient to walk to Ala Moana with lots of great shopping and restaurants there. As long as you're not expecting the old Ilikai or paying a high rate, this is an OK place to stay.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Magicsands
<Content>Wonderful Hawaiian Vacation The Tiki Condo Suite #1541 at the Ilikai was Fabulous! It was very well appointed, clean and equiped with everything we needed to cook a nice meal. The linens were nice, the carpet was clean and new, there was high speed internet, cable and DVD. Beach towels and chairs were provided, as well. The view was absolutely beautiful of the Pacific Ocean, the Harbor and Ala Moana Park  Downtown Honolulu. We sat on the lanai and drank Mai Tais and watched the sunset every day. We still long for the evenings on the lanai with the spectacalar view. Sometimes during the day, the sun would be shinning and a light misty rain created double rainbows. There are two restaurants in the hotel, both had good food, but we preferred Canoes on the lobby level. We walked to the free Polynesian Show every night in the heart of Waikik and also to Ala Moana Shopping Center. We jogged in the Park. There were fireworks over the Lagoon every Friday night. The location could not have been better. For the price, this is the best view we have EVER had in Waikiki. Because we had read some negative reveiws about some of the units at the Ilikai we decided to look at photos of 1541 before booking. What you see is what you get. A lot of these suites are privately owned and many have been upgraded such as this one.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>brynmarie
<Content>a sad old lady I checked in with my sister on 4/25 and we were told ourrequest for a room with a view and kitchen only had a kingbed but for an additional $30. a night we could have one with 2 doublesso we took the upgrade. Part of this hotel has apparentlybeen sold to some time-share outfit so the section sold withthe main large pool was closed off leaving us with the verysmall pool between the Ilikai and the Hilton where a hugeconstruction project is going on. Cranes and constructionnoise all day long. Plus, attendees at a yoga teacher classbeing held on the premises took their break about 1015ameach day and at least 50 bodies dripping with sweat cooledoff in the pool. They apparently thought shower before entering the pool meant a shower when they got up not after working upa good sweat for a couple of hours. Our room had a lovelyview overloking the yacht harbor and ocean and wascomfortable with comfortable beds and duvet bedding whichwas immaculate. We had to call a couple of times to have theroom cleaned when we returned so made a habit of callingwhen we left to insure a clean room when we returned. Anewspaper was left outside the door the first and last morningwhich was nice to have with the coffee making set-up in theroom. We didn't try the two restaurants as one was only openfor dinner and the other had a sign that it opened at 1130amand it was 11am and I didn't want to wait so went elsewhere.There were delays for the elevators as they were being workedon as was the firealarm system which went off in our roomone afternoon and again one evening about 1130pm; I foundout that it would definitely wake me out of a sound sleep.Maybe they are waiting for the new owner/management tospruce things up as the entire place just seemed a little shabby.I can remember staying here in the 80's and it was wonderfulbut for the money spent I will stay elsewhere next time.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	3	2	2	

<Author>usctrojans115218
<Content>Above than average and great ocean view!       view from our room  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>BobtheWestie
<Content>Old, Sold, and it shows My wife and I in one room, and our 2 adult children in another, stayed at the Ilikai for 2 weeks. We were extremely disappointed with the state of this once grand hotel. There are older hotels in Waikiki, but they are much better maintained than the Ilikai.Half of the hotel's facilities are vacant, under construction, or have been sold, including the larger of the 2 swimming pools and the entertainment zone for younger guests.This is our first stay at the hotel, but not our first visit, having lived in and around Honolulu for 12 years since 1967. We visited many friends who stayed at the Ilikai over the years. We also occasionally took visitors to the Top of the I, but it wasn't easy to get to on this trip because of the sad state of the lifts.I do have to admit that the rooms are some of the most comfortable that I have experienced. But, as is often stated, you don't go to Hawaii to stay in your room.The hotel is only about a 10 minute walk from Ala Moana Shopping Center, but is about 20 to 30 minutes from the main Waikiki shops, beach, and entertainment district. Unless the room, itself, is your main conern, stay at one of the many Waikiki hotels. You can always catch The Bus to Ala Moana.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	2	4	4	3	2	

<Author>paridise
<Content>Special Hotel Was suprised how decent this hotel was! We had to be careful though because they leave water in the rooms if you open it you'll be charged 5 dollers! anyway loved the rooms! was noise and stuff but what do you exspect 'YOUR ON HOLIDAY' great location for the beach but if you want to go down town to where blue hawaii was filmed then you have a bit off a walk? its ok for a few night but u might wanna get a bus or taxi etc... no problems at all, the only thing was service which is VERY POOR nealry everywhere we went! thats what spoils hawaii apart from that amasing place and hotel!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>SydneySusy
<Content>Comfortable  Stayed there last week for 5 nts all up in Ilikai tower - 4 in a city view room, and 1 in an ocean view room. City view room has some road traffic noise with windows open, but nothing an average sleeper would worry about. The fridge was actually noisier! The rooms are just like the website- modern, very comfy (great bed) and have all you need incl kitchen, internet access, sofa, a/c. Would have rated our experience excellent except for the slow lifts - only 3 in service, others being refurbished. I'm very fussy when it comes to hotel rooms and Ilikai was excellent value in that regard.Location is great if you want to be away from the main hubbub of Waikiki but within short walk to Waikiki beach (via Hilton) or Ala Moana Shopping centre. Lots of eateries within 2 min walk. We parked out the back at the marina ($1 for 4hrs) one night but went the valet parking the other nights ($20/day) as it was easier. There's also a garage round the corner for $14/day, but you don't need a car if you're only staying in Honolulu as buses stop right out front, traffic an be pretty bad and parking downtown just costs more$$.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	3	4	

<Author>nocturnalgirl72
<Content>A work in progress Part of this hotel is a timeshare (Shell Vacations) and part is a regular hotel. Used to be the Renaissance now I think it is owned by Marriot. We had a timeshare room for 5 nights and a regular hotel room for the kids for the other 5 nights. The big annoyance at this hotel that affects everyone is the lack of working elevators. Extremely irritating to have to deal with 25 floors and having to wait forever for an elevator. Only 2 or 3 out of the 5 or 6 worked as the others were being renovated. The hotel was hot and muggy too due to the lobby being exposed to the outside but thank god the rooms had A/C. The Shell Vacations check in desk in inconveniently located across the courtyard, downstairs, and of course the escalators didn't work either. Also, only one pool was open as the other was closed. This hotel is located right next to HHV and their beach was only a few minutes walk. The rooms were nice and roomy. The timeshare room had a double bed, and a pull out sofa sleeper and a full kichen, and balcony. Big spacious bathroom, and TV with a ton of cable channels. Regular hotel rooms city view only had a king bed so one of the kids had to sleep on the floor. Plenty of room though. They wanted 60.00 a night to upgrade to ocean view/2 doubles and we were already paying $160/night. Parking is a pain and expensive. Across the street is a parking garage and its $14/day. There is free parking at the marina if you can find it but free parking in HNL is VERY hard to find so plan on paying for less frustration. In the hotel room, the A/C leaked and dripped water on some legal documents. Since the evidence was already on a plane I had to fight tooth and nail for a $25 credit which they finally gave to me. This hotel overall was a decent stay, but the East side of Waikiki (Kalakaua Ave) by the zoo was a better location this one and next time I would rather stay at the other end of Waikiki. Still this was a good location. Due to the lack of working elevators, escalators, and one closed pool, this is not a 4 star hotel but a 3. There are nicer hotels in Waikiki but then this one was not a dump either.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>AlohaBoundVancouver
<Content>Dissapointed With The Changes At The Ilikai I have to whole heartedly agree with the review I just read about the state of the Ilikai Hotel. I have stayed there on every trip I have taken to Hawaii in the last 15 years and was sadly disappointed on this trip. My husband and I were there in May 2006 and had a great time, access to all of the pools and facilities, service at the pool (both food and drink), and great staff. Sadly, only 8 months later the story was very different when we returned in January 2007. Only two of the elevators worked the whole time we were there, and even then you were a little nervous to use them!! There was little if any food and drink service at the one remaining pool, where most of the seats were reseved long before anyone was at the pool and would stay reserved until someone would arrive to occupy them late afternoon when the sun crept around. Even though there was a sign posted that chairs could not be saved for more than 15 minutes, I guess if you tipped the pool attendent enough the rules could go out the window. Canoes restaurant got rid of their buffet that you used to have for breakfast every morning and even the smoothies that they serve for breakfast had changed in preparation and were not the same. The staff just does not seem to care anymore. Its unfortunate that this once grand hotel has been reduced to nothing more than a shell of its former self. Next trip we are planning to stay at the Hilton Hawaiian Village as their reputation is second to none and we will unfortunately not return to the Ilikai again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Freq_Travel_guy
<Content>This is not the Ilikai we used to love!!! I've stayed at the Ilikai for over 20 years. Recently, it was a Marriott hotel chain, but they sold it and it is now independently owned. I'm sad to say, the hotel is a disaster. I'm not been dramatic -- everything that could go wrong in an hotel is happening in the Ilikai. The basic infrastructure is failing. For over two weeks, only 2 or 3 our of 6 elevators are working. The wait time can be up to 30 minutes to get downstairs. They have shut down and sold one of two pools to another company so the entire hotel is forced to share one small pool along with the condo association which has units in the building. They are mostly retired snow-birds who get down to the pool first thing in the morning, reserve their chairs and then disappear. On three different occasions we could not get a seat around this small pool, and there wasn't a single server offering drinks. While we did eat at the outdoor restaurant Canoe, we were startled by the rat that was snacking under our table. Yes, you read that right... it was a rat. The room cleaning has become sub-par as they have cut back almost 50 percent on the cleaning staff. Our room often wasn't cleaned until after four in the afternoon, and then it was often still filthy. The quality and quantity of the staff is deplorable. They joke about the state of the hotel and say they are the last of the Mohicans... they know the writing is on the wall. I have a history in this hotel and it breaks my heart to see it deterioate in such a way. Bu sadly, at these prices, I advise you to stay away.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	1	2	1	1	

<Author>Ted_Fez
<Content>Ilikai Pretty Reliable I have stayed at the Ilikai nine or ten times over the past six years. I frequently travel to Honolulu on business and typically choose from a half-dozen or so hotels. The Ilikai is located at the west end of Waikiki, about a 5-10 minute walk from Hilton Hawaiian Village. It is in a good location for me because my office is near the airport and I can avoid all the traffic of Waikiki.The Ilikai tends to be pretty reliably good value. It is not overly fancy and faces a marina (as opposed to beach), but one can get a nice marina/ocean view. The staff are friendly and the rooms are usually pretty nice. The hotel went through a renovation a few years ago with fairly good results. There is a nice workout room on the second floor for those that want to exercise. Canoe's Restaurant on the ground floor is an indoor/outdoor restaurant which is particularly pleasant for breakfast. There is a very nice retaurant (Sarrento's) with a fabulous view on the top floor for special occasions. There are also modestly priced restaurants within walking distance. I would recommend the hotel for just about anyone except those that want to be right on the beach or in the thickest part of the Waikiki scene.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>julietravel
<Content>Excellent service Excellent service from the Ilikai. The valets were quick and very friendly. The concierge set up our room with food and drinks waiting for us upon arrival and nice notes for each of us. The rooms are very clean and spacious. Beds were really comfortable with a feather top and pillows to match. The bell hop was waiting at our door with our luggage before we got to our room and filled our ice bucket before he left. Anytime we called for something (extra towels, etc.) it was brought up to us quickly. The sunsets are beautiful overlooking the yacht harbor. This is a nice, quiet end to your evening. We took our 2 kids, 10 and 12, and would walk the beach after dinner to the other areas with music and shows. The Ilikai is at the beginning of Waikiki and very easy to get to if you have a rental car. We had a convertible and the valet would have the top down for us and ready to go. We had an ocean view room with a kitchen. The housekeeping would even do our dishes each day. The construction going on at the Hilton didn't have any effects on our stay. The Ilikai is a very nice, clean, well maintained hotel with an excellent staff. It's close to everything like Ala Moana Shopping Center (and park), Kalakaua Avenue (all the shops, entertainment, etc.) and a 3-5 minute walk around the lagoon to the beach. It was just nice in the evening to sit outside overlooking the pier and watching the sunset without all the hustle and bustle going on at some of the other hotels. (You're not far from all the hotels down the beach with live music). We have stayed there 3 times and have always enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LouisaVienna
<Content>A happy ending in Hawaii I stayed in this fabulous hotel in December on my honeymoon. On arrival we recieved a free upgrade to the honeymoon suite....huge room with an incredible view of the beach. Flowers, champagne and chocolates were waiting for us in the room. A huge bathtub and an abundance of fluffy snowy white towels and loads of freebies were in the gorgeous bathroom. The staff were so kind and very efficient and really made us feel welcome. There are so many facilities on offer in this hotel I can't talk about them all but I would like thank the on site doctor. I had been swimming in the sea and developed a severe rash. I scratched all night and by morning I was in a terrible state. Reception sent the on site competent doctor to my room who prescribed a cream and the rash was gone within 24 hours. My honeymoon could have been ruined but he saved the day. I loved my stay in this hotel and will come back on my fifth anniverary when I have saved up my dollars!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Cooktolive
<Content>With noise like this, who could relax?? I stayed at the Ilikai in December after completing the Marathon. The room was nice - decor was warm, bedding and furniture very comfy and it was great to have a full kitchen. BUT..... with construction right outside our room during the day and a large air conditioning unit during the night, we did not have a pieceful time at all! Also, the walls and doors are so thin that we heard everyone who walked by our room - especially with the two inch gap underneath the door, which we had to muffle with a bathtowel. I would not recommend this hotel if you want to relax in Hawaii!!!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	1	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Erica-SantaCruz
<Content>Be advised, the Ilikai Hotel wasn't that great. We stayed at the Ilikai Hotel in Waikiki for 5 days and found it through a property manager. We had read reviews of it on Trip Advisor prior to our trip and knew it was a mixed bag. Initially, we had thought we were staying at the Ilikai Marina, which is two buildings away. The Ilikai Hotel had good points and bad points. The unit was beautifully remodeled with nice attention to detail. The bed, pillows, and linens were very clean and comfortable and pleasing to the eye. The lobby was very nice and comfortable also.On the negative side, the unit, and likely all the units in the Ilikai Hotel were very noisy. Each unit has its own AC unit and the noise is loud and constant. It was impossible to sleep with the sliding glass door open to get fresh island air due to the hundred other AC units going all night long. With the sliding glass doors closed and our AC unit on, it was also too loud.Even though our unit was called a one bedroom, it actually was a studio, which is common in Hawaii. There was no wall between the bed and the living room; it was just one room. If two couples were staying there or if people had kids, everyone would be in the same room. We could also hear the refridgerator running all night long as well.The view is an ocean view, but it was obstructed by buildings on either side, so it wasn't a full ocean view. Our unit was overlooking a huge construction site at the Hilton Hawaiian Village. All we could hear all day long was the beep, beep, beep of heavy equipment backing up.Knowing what I know now, I would not stay at the Ilikai Hotel again. Having checked things out around there, I would definitely stay at the Ilikai Marina (across the footbridge) in an oceanview condo. That building has unobstructed ocean views, central AC, and is away from the construction site. It seemed a lot quieter and nicer.Hope this helps someone.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dch043
<Content>Happy with Ilikai Stayed here on my first visit to Hawaii with my wife. I was attending a conference at the convention center.We reserved a city view room thru Expedia for $209.They put us in an ocean view on the 22nd floor, so I was very pleased. FIrst night there we had some Mai Tais at the bar and a sunset dinner on the patio/veranda and after enjoyed a small Hawaiin music/Hula dancing show.This hotel is next the Hilton, which is really almost a 10 minute walk. But compared to the Hilton village you feel like you have the hotel to yourself. At the Hilton village it is more like a busy city.Walking to the convention center is probably 20 minutes and a bit of a hike in the heat.My only complaint was the internet service at the Ilikai biz center was dial up. THey offer free wireless service in the lobby but I dont like to carry my laptop. I went to the Hilton to use their biz center.It is a 5 minute walk aroung the lagoon to the Hilton beach, but there is lots of free parking out back near the marina.Everything is a $6 cab ride away. Or you can walk the 20-30 minutes.Did not try lunch or breakfast there.I was happy with the Ilikai and would not hesitate to return.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mjgriffy
<Content>Calculated Compromise Formerly a Renaissance Hotel, formerly a condo, formerly a timeshare鈥?The Illikai is also a condo/hotel/owner occp/multi-use property. In my opinion, it is not in the center of Waikiki as it is closer to Ala Moana and the Hilton Hawaiian Village. To some, that may be a bonus. But to me (a walking shopping beachgoer) it is a too far from everything else. The building itself is in fine repair, but the condition of each unit will depend on from whom you are renting (time share, condo, hotel, etc). With nice pool deck and bars overlooking a marina and the Hilton, the room views can be great or average (and noisy) depending on which way you face. Most units are kitchen or kitchenette. I recommend upgrading to a higher level ocean view room, but then you would get into several hundred $$ a night. Above $300/nt I would really recommend staying somewhere else. For pictures and location information go to their website ilikaihotel then Google to find better rates. As always; I travel to Waikiki several times a year, I can advise that Waikiki is a nice tropical urban adventure. The city comes with the negatives of a big city, along with the overwhelming benefits of a beautiful beachfront resort. Generally, everything in Waikiki is 鈥渁 little tired鈥?although there have been continuous improvements in the last few years. If you are traveling solo, take Roberts Hawaii from the airport for $10 (no rsvr rqd).Two or more people, take a taxi from the airport to the hotel (should be under $30). In Waikiki, nearly everything is walking distance or a short shuttle/bus away. If you need a car for the day, you can rent one in Waikiki.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>stevedosi
<Content>Great place to stay Stayed for 10 days in an oceanfront kitchen room. Room size was huge with a great view. Laundry facilities were a plus for a long stay, but buy your supplies at the ABC across the street. The hilton is doing construction next door, but who stays in their room all day. The main pool was closed for renovation, but this was not a big issue. Staff was pleasant and accomodating. Canoes has great food. The dance show was entertaining. The location was easy access to all we needed to do. I would not hesitate to give this place a 2 thumbs up to anyone who needed a hotel recommendation.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Waikiki-recent-guest
<Content>A "Diamond in the Rough" We stayed on a 25th floor Ocean View room. The room was fine, but be forewarned, the neighboring Hilton is building a high-rise time share building right next to the Ilikai (Diamond Head side). The construction noise was VERY loud. We could not sit on our 25th floor balcony and enjoy the ocean views without the daytime sounds of ear-splitting, pile-driving machines and other construction equipment. The Ilikai also permanently closed one of their two pools because the adjacent (Yacht Harbor) tower was sold to another company. I hope they update their website to advise of this.One last complaint; We had a $100.00 Hotel restaurant and room service voucher. If you receive this, please note: It is NOT APPLICABLE to Sarentos (roof-top-expensive-incredible views) Restaurant. We learned this the hard way, after dining there- Front Desk Staff should have told us of this exclusion on day one but forgot (?). We ultimately used our remaining balance at Canoe's Restaurant, and we were not disappointed- EXCELLENT restaurant (ask for an outdoor, tiki-lamp-lit table!). Enjoy!Ilikai recent guest  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Christypix
<Content>You got to stay here!       mini kitchen!!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RealEstateKing
<Content>Overpriced!!!! This hotel was nice but, it was way overpriced. I stayed at the Ala Moana Hotel which was a much better value for what you get here.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>SHA3
<Content>Ilikai Is Tops!!!! We unexpectedly stayed at the Ilikai from 6/10-7/1 because the rooms at the Manamana Apartments (property of the Queens Medical Center) were deplorable. We flew in from Japan for my husband's heart surgery and after being in the Manamana for 3 minutes we knew we couldn't stay there. We'd twice previously stayed at the Ilikai and always loved it and they were able to accomodate us with no prior reservation for arrival within the hour. The Ilikai was such a haven for us to return to after the stress of his medical appointments. We had a partial ocean view room. Many nights we sat on the lanai listening to the ocean which was sooo soothing. The updated rooms were beautiful and restful. We especially loved having the in-room safe and refrigerator. The staff was always helpful and friendly, Canoe's food was great also. It was just what we needed during a difficult time. Would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AA-Platinum
<Content>Not up to expectations 锘縁irst things first....as of 12 July 2006, this is no longer a Renaissance hotel (the property was sold and the new owners are converting it to a Condo). As a result, no more Marriott Points. The flip side is that prices dropped by more than 1/3.Secondly, this hotel is way over rated, based on the comments from previous guests posted on Trip Advisor. My wife and I (along with our 5 month old) stayed here for a week in early July. In early April, we booked a Waikiki view room, but about a two weeks before we left, we were upgraded to an Ocean View. What we got was a view of a construction site (if you leaned out over the balcony, you could see the lagoon and ocean by the Hilton.The room itself was comfortable enough. We asked for, and were provided with acomplementary crib for the baby. We also requested and received a room with a kitchen, which was a real saver. However, as a result, there is minimal storage space. The bathroom was basic, with a shower stall rather than a shower/tub. The King-Size bed was comfortable, and there were plenty of pillows. Maid service was acceptable (although one day they never showed). We were supposed to have a newspaper delivered to our room daily (one of the local Honolulu ones). It came 3 days out of 7. There was good airflow so we had no need to use the air conditioner at night.There are two pools. One is small, the other smaller. It made it difficult to take the baby into the water since people were constantly on top of the baby.Our biggest complaint was that, although they knew that we had a baby with us (and hadrequested a quiet room), was that our room overlooked the construction site. The noise was so bad (and we were on a high floor) that my wife and the baby could not stay in the room during the day (I was at a conference).All-in-all, not a bad hotel, just not what we had hoped for.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Mtavish
<Content>Good location  We stayed at the Ilikai Waikiki for 3 days; Jul 1st-3rd. We had excellent service the entire time. We upgraded our room to Ocean View for $30/night; it was worth it. After a hot day in the sun, it is nice to relax on the balcony overlooking the ocean. The Ilikai hotel is on the shuttle stops, so there is no problem getting around town. The rooms were spacious and clean. Overall, above average and a good value.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Accomodating       sunset over the harbor, from the 24th floor  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What we expected The stay was pleasurable, we stayed in the ilikai tower on the thirteenth floor. We overlooked the hilton villiage and the beautiful pacific. The rooms werre stylish and the beds were very comfortable. It is walking distance to many attractions and a short driving disntance to the ala Mona shopping center. We enjoyed are stay and would defintely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Southernlady1958
<Content>Waikiki area hotel       Bedding we aquired  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>b555
<Content>Upgrades are everything We spent my birthday week in May, 2006, at the Marriott Renaissance Ilikai. It goes by the name Ilikai locally to avoid confusion with the Marriott Waikiki Beach Hotel. A shuttle is easily available from the beautiful airport. Several insights to share. Checking in can be confusing as there are 2 entrances. The main one is gorgeous with flowing fountains. The side one (actually another hotel's lobby) is used by taxis and buses often and connects inside to the front desk. Huge confusing lobby. Ask for help. When checking in ask about upgrades (for additional cost from $20-$35 a night). Some wings face east (and the beach and fireworks on Friday night) and others face the sunset. Yours might face town. Some have kitchens (highly useful as meal prices are shocking). The kitchens are sparcely furnished so you may have to ask for items from housekeeping. The higher floors don't cost extra and the balconies are comfortably large. Buy the upgrade!! Cooking simple meals in the condo and using the balcony for cocktail hour is the greatest. Use the consierge desk for advice. They are very nice. Ask them for a local bus sheet. The fare is $2 and they go everywhere, even to the eastside beaches, palace, academy of arts, and Sea Life. It's kind of a slow ride, but interesting to see the local folks and neighborhoods. Drivers are helpful. We enjoued Germaine's laua and the bus was included. There are so many brochures, maps and tourist guides easily available that some bargains can be found. Pearl Harbor takes a couple of hours and is well worth the time. So is the submarine tour with headphones. These are reasonably priced. Follow these tips and you will have a great time with the wonderful Hawaiians at an affordable rate. Be aware that taxes added to every bill really add up. Look for bargains. Aloha.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chuck539
<Content>Perfect hotel for Waikiki       The Renaissance Ilikai Waikiki  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Trev01
<Content>Nice hotel       Typical balcony  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TPerl
<Content>DISGUSTING! - Honeymoon Gone Wrong Upon planning our honeymoon vacation with Fun Sun Vacations (who we don't recommend as well) we were under the impression that we would be placed in a simple yet pleasant suite at the Illikai, and we thought it would be a wonderful and unforgetable experience . When we arrived in Honolulu or more specifically in front of the Illikai we were met with great displeasure and rudeness by the door staff. One of the employees had picked up our bags out of the van that had dropped us off and threw them over to the side of the roadway in order to make room for the tourists who were in the cars to follow. It seemed as though they acted out in this manner towards all tourists who were unloading their things in front of the hotel. So we picked up our thrown belongings and struggled with tryng to load them onto the escalator in order to get to the lobby of the hotel. There were about three doormen who WATCHED us do this and not one of them was polite enough to offer us some help (even though this is a part of their job description). It being our honeymoon, we didn't allow this disgusting attitude to ruin our day untill we spoke with the front desk. It was here when we were informed that our lovely and yet very expensive ocean view suite (already paid for in advance) was located in the old grungy tower that didn't even face the ocean. Alright, so you may be wondering what's next? Well we opened the door to our crusty mold infested suite only to find TWO SINGLE BEDS!!!!! Now what are honeymooners supposed to think? My husband immediately went down to the front desk and complained. However his complaint was taken lightly and we were told that that was to be our room. The next day my husband approached the front desk several times with this issue, once again however staff at the Illikai displayed no sympathy. It wasn't untill I stormed up to the front desk and began shouting, screaming and swearing about our situation, then we were placed in a room that was somewhat decent and somewhat equivalent to the price that we payed. Did we get any money back --NO. Was there an apology of some sort -- NO. This hotel must have been the most disgusting and disgraceful hotel in terms of accomodations and staff. There was no sense of pleasing the customer, not one staff member was polite or helpful. It was overall a miserable place to be in paradise. Oh, by the way don't be fooled! They offer oceanview rooms but they really are not what they say. You can see the ocean if you turn at a large angle, but the majority of the view is of the neighbouring hotel (and you'll have to walk quite the distance to arrive at the nice part of the beach). If you're planning on having a peacefully relaxing time that may not happen due to the noise of the construction right next door. All around this was absolutely the most disgusting hotel we have ever been to!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, would stay again! It was my mom's birthday, so we decided to splurge and take a trip to Hawaii to celebrate. The Ilikai was a great place to stay. Everytime we needed directions or any information, the staff was more than willing share their knowledge. It was close to everything! Instead of renting a car (the cost for parking anywhere in the area is insane!) we decided to take the Pink Line trolly up and down Waikiki or the bus. Both stops were very close to the hotel. The Ala Moana shopping center was a very quick walk (approx. 10 min) or just 2 bus stops away. The International Market was about a 20 min walk in the other direction. There's few places to eat on both sides of the hotel so everything was easily accessible. I would definately recommend staying here!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Relax4Life
<Content>Friendly Staff but doesn't live up to Renaissance brand of hotels I stayed at the Ilikai for a business trip.Positives:- Location is very good to get to most of the businesses located in town- Close to the Ala Moana Mall across the street- Most rooms have some view of the water without paying extra money- Balcony is a nice touch, but probably doesn't work well for most rooms (see below)- Down Comforters- Lots of kids (Good for families, not couples)- Very friendly staffNegatives:- Decor looks totally outdated, Needs a major facelift! You may be frightened when you first arrive because it looks more like an apartment building than a major hotel chain. Do NOT believe the deceiving pictures on the hotel website!!! That's where I went wrong.- The balcony on most rooms in the main hotel look into other hotel rooms- so if you expect to sit in your balcony without having someone possibly stare you down....NO luck here.- Not very good for office travel as there is no wireless internet- you only have direct access to the ethernet line which is a pain if you want to check email in the lobby, or near the pool.- Pools are crowded and small- Food is mediocre- but okay because there are a ton of awesome places nearby- Gym looks like it is in a scary basementOverall assessment:If you are a business traveler, there are better options (Hawaiian Prince Hotel next door is excellent). For the vacationer, I would say you would be happier staying somewhere else further down in Waikiki which will be more central to the beautiful ocean and nightlife. This hotel is expensive and certainly does not invoke the luxury vacation feel. Unfortunately, I believe the Ilikai is stuck in an 80s time warp where teassed hair and garbage pail kids are in.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>porsche968
<Content>Ilika in Waikiki: Great Plact ot Stay if you know the secret       The bedroom had a very comfortable queen size bed  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>socalweekender
<Content>Not worth the money! I can't believe how little a dollar is worth here. The problems we have been experiencing just won鈥檛 end.1. The valets don't do their job.Between leisurely walking to your car, and leisurely walking off to retrieve your car, they simply don't do what they are being paid to do. If I'm spending 600 dollars a night on a hotel room and 20 dollars a day to park my car there鈥攜ou鈥檙e going to open my damn door when I pull up. But they don鈥檛 do it! They stand around and just let you, the paying guest, open your door. What the hell happened to service?2. Nickel and diming. I am being charged 13 bucks a day to type this out. You can get a free wireless connection at a Holiday Inn, but you got to pay to be hardwired here.3. Stuff breaking. The AC unit thought it was a waterfall on the first day. It took two people coming three times to fix it. The batteries in the remote died, the toaster doesn't work, the light in the bathroom didn't work, but came back to life. Like the bathroom light, we sometimes get life out of the microwave.4. Where the hell is the gym? I just wondered around trying to find it. 鈥渃onveniently located on the second floor of the yacht tower鈥?okay, since when are the towers named? Never seen a sign for that. And, since I鈥檓 looking at the yachts, I guess I鈥檓 on the yacht tower. But there is no gym here! I couldn鈥檛 even find a map to find out where the gym was. ZERO instructions on how to get there. Not even in the mood to work out any more.5. Good luck at the pool!There aren鈥檛 enough first and foremost. There are two dinky little pools for 25 floors of rooms. Do the math. It is a zoo down there. And there are NOT enough chairs. Oh, but don鈥檛 ask if they have any extras. According to the pull attendant I asked, 鈥渨hat you see is what you get.鈥?Where the hell does the pool guy get off treating guests like that? This isn鈥檛 the wild, guest shouldn鈥檛 have to fight for a seat by the watering hole.6. No blended drinksWhile we are on the subject of the pool and stuff breaking, the blender at the pool bar was broken. Given another 鈥渄eal with it鈥?attitude by the bartender.The room is nice, the view is great, the hotel has a good location. But the attitude of this place is absolutely HORRIBLE. Would not recommend anyone waste their money on this place.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JacksonPA
<Content>A Classy Hotel This hotel is top notch. A beautiful room with a view of the harbor and beach. Excellent dining facilities, excellent staff. I usually stay at the Hilton but between the pro-bowl and multiple conventions no openings where available. The Ilikai was a very pleasant surprise. No complaints what so ever.In conversation with the bar staff it was reveiled that the hotel is being sold as of April.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing I just returned after four nights here. My brother and I stayed in room 1061 of the Marina Tower.Negatives:- Poor condition of room: stained carpet, mildewed shower.- Although the weather was beautiful and the room had operable windows, we couldn't stand to have the windows open due to the loud traffic noise coming from busy Ala Moana Blvd.- Although not far away, walking to Waikiki beach requires passing by homeless encampments (if you walk on the beach side) or navigating busy streets (if you walk on the city side).- Noticeably long waits for the elevator.Positives:- Staff was friendly and helpful, especially the folks answering the Guest Response line.- Free in-room safe- Attractive lobbyI've never stayed in Waikiki before (and probably never will again), but I've got to believe you can do better for your money.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Hotel My Husband and I stayed here for our Honeymoon after Marrying in Las Vegas. We were lucky enough to swap to this hotel from our original choice of Outrigger Reef on the Beach Waikiki, as there was construction work near the outrigger. The outside of the Ilikai could do with a lick of paint, but as you walk up the stairs/Escalators you are faced with a beautiful Marble whale water feature. The lobby was open plan and nicely furnished, the staff were very helpful. We chose to upgrade our room to a suite in the ilikai tower on the 24th floor, views out into the harbour and the mountains in the distance. In the at sunset they would hold a touch lighting ceremony and some evenings have a band playingby the pool. This hotel was nice, quiet (not many children)but unfortunatley I found Waikiki to be very built up and commercialised but the Hawaiians were very welcoming and the weather great with lots to do. If your looking for a livley place then Waikiki is for you, however if you are looking for tranquility then try the North Shore of Oahu (where 'Lost' is filmed) or Maui.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rockymt_woman
<Content>Mama with 7 Month Old...Loved IT!!! I loved our stay at the Ilikai. I met my husband there while he was on travel for business. The room was great. I had my 7 month old and the staff was great. The maid service delivered a wonderful little crib (not a portable travel crib). It had a sheet over the matress and a matching blanket. I am very cautious about my baby laying in bedding that isn't mine but it smelled nice and clean and he loved sleeping in it. The room was large. It was large enough to have my suitcase and my son's suitcase out as well as a stroller and a backpack carrier. And he still had room to crawl around. We had a kitchen in ours. Full fridge, sink, microwave and stove. We didn't cook but it was nice to have the micorwave and the fridge for the baby bottles and water bottles. The bathroom was large and I liked not having a tub and just a shower, it was a nice change.We like walking so we walked to the shopping center a couple of times and also down to the main part of Waikiki three times. I enjoyed the poolside entertainment at night and the atmosphere during the day. We ate at the Japanese resturant and it was real good. They were great with my son. We also had a couple of younger kids at the table and the chef catered alot to the younger ones. We had lunch at the Canoes and that was very good. We sat out in the patio seating and enjoyed the view. We found a lot of resturants near by and didn't need to look far for food.My used my stroller alot around the grounds of the hotel and everyone was very friendly and helpful with any questions or needs that I required for my son. I loved it.We stayed 5 days 4 nights and it was great. I did spend a lot of time in the room with no car and a 7 month old that needed naps and I enjoyed it!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good choice I stayed here for six nights in January and loved it. Warm hospitality, great views from your room, nice swimming pools, wonderful Hawaiian music by the poolside on certain evenings and Mai Tais there aren't bad either. Good location. Quality Japanese and Italian restaurants onsite. Classy compared to many hotels in Waikiki. Get a good discounted rate and go for it-- you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>betty005
<Content>Ok location, great room               More photos  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cooldoctor1
<Content>LOcation location location, POOR!       Dated front entrance  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyable stay       Dated front entrance  
<Date>Dec 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>noskaj
<Content>Hotel vs. Condos: There's a Difference There's an important distinction here: the Ilikai is two properties in one-- the Renaissance Ilikai Waikiki Hotel and the Ilikai Waikiki Condos. They are actually different units in the same property, but managed separately.I stayed at the Renaissance Ilikai Waikiki Hotel property for 4 nights, 5 days recently and loved it. The rooms are freshly redone, very clean, and well-appointed.I can't speak for the condos, but the hotel was super. Renaissance is a higher-end Marriott brand and demands a fairly high standard. I'd stay at this hotel again any day!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>mixed reviews, mixed feelings Work booked me into one of those vacation club condos in the Hotel Ilikai. I read the mixed reviews on this website with some concern (was tempted to change my booking). After a 7night stay (where, thankfully, I didn't have to spend much time in the condo), I can add my say...Mixed feelings - yeah, the hotel is in a good location and it DOES have a friendly feel about it (even down at the main pool and its pricey bar). Although its a 15 minute walk from downtown Waikiki, it is also only 10 minutes from the interesting Ala Moana Shopping Centre and 15 from the sensational Hawaiian Convention Centre. And walking around Waikiki is very pleasant!On the negative side..... perhaps I too am a snob because I'm disappointed that my room wasn't up to par... but then my room wasn't one of those lucky ones overlooking the pool and marina.. and I'm afraid I am snobbish enough to be taken aback by dirt, stains and various insects in the unit... not really up to par!I suspect those vacation clubs have the least desirable rooms and still make a good business out of their business deals.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>marklife
<Content>I Loved The Ilikai!! I recently stayed at the Renaissance Ilikai and I had a great time there! It's hard to believe some of the negative reviews I read before I left and I'm SO glad I ignored them too. These people are obviously spoiled snobs who need a reality check badly!!But as far as the hotel goes, I loved my corner 1 Bedroom Suite overlooking the pool and the Harbor. It was on a high floor so I was able to see the amazing view of Waikiki and when the fireworks were on display I was able to videotape them as if I was right there up close. The bed was amazingly soft and the furniture was updated and CLEAN!! I also had two balconies at my disposal so I could also see the view of Ala Moana Blvd as well (very busy street). I enjoyed the Japanese Restaurant too (can't remember the name), but the Tepanyaki style was delicious. The poolside bar was my favorite afternoon layover as I drank Lava Flows til my heart's content. I enjoyed the beautiful pool too but I didn't stay there long cause of the 'snobs' I talked about earlier, I just can't stay around snooty people. The hotel has plenty of shops to choose from too so I did alot of my souvenier shopping there and saved time from all the 'cheapskate' pennypenching like the other tourists do. So go visit the Renaissance and enjoy your Hawaiian getaway, I did!!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient to Convention Center but... Convenient to the Convention Center but I wouldn't stay here again. We had stayed here 20 years ago and I doubt much renovation has occurred since.There is no AC in the interior corridors or the elevators. The AC units in the rooms are insufficient.I found bugs in the bed; housekeeping promptly changed all bedding including pads and spreads.The concierge staff are more concerned with selling time share units than with assisting guests with requests.The evening entertainment in the poolside bar is pleasant. The work out facilities are very modern.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location - Even for the bed bugs            
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>SEAluvzHNL
<Content>Disappointed, but made the best of it! I booked this hotel through Hotwire. The price was excellent, and being a return guest from years prior, I knew the property well. When we pulled up to the hotel, we were greeted with a new, beautiful lobby. (They've renovated since my last stay, and changed ownership, Nikko Hotel to Starwood Property) We were floored however when the bellman told us that both Valet  Self-Parking was $20/Day! What a rip off! I checked my family in (2adults,2children). When the front desk agent gave me directions to our room, I knew right off the bat that we were headed for the older rooms. Sure enough, I was right. I knew ahead what we were in for! I was so disappointed to the small room we entered. The bathroom was tiny and the tub/shower was gross! The caulking was molding and breaking away, the bath mat that goes in the tub had hairs from the previous guest (yuck!) The light was out too, and we had to call maintenence to replace the bulb. We had a view of Hobron St and The ABC Store (busy intersection). The noise was terrible, but luckily we didn't stay in our room all day! I went downstairs to talk with the front desk to see if we could switch rooms, and he was more than happy to for a $30/day upgrade to the Ilikai Tower. It would be the same room type, but with a King Bed, and facing more of the busy street in front. FYI, this is the same room type if you book through ClassicHawaii Vacations! (that just floors me!) I know for a fact that rooms inThe Ilikai Tower are higher up, nicer, bigger, and rooms have more amenities, and telling him that I was a Marriott Rewards Member, and stayed many times prior to this trip didn't get me in! So, disappointed, I went back to the room and just made it work! The main pool was nice, pool bar service was pricey, and if you didn't purchase anything from their bar menu, you couldn't eat it by the pool! You had to sit out of the area (out of sight!) How rude! I have 2small children and they are picky eaters! But for the rap I went through at check-in, I did what I needed to do to keep myself and my family happy! Plus, other guests approached us too and they got the same rap from the bar server too! They ignored them too!Overall, my advice, pay the higher price and get a nice room in the Ilikai Tower. It's worth it! I know! Don't expect the front desk staff to be nice and show aloha spirit with a free upgrade. (it was Aloha Week too, what a time to show it!) Being a local girl, I was ashamed!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>chicca62
<Content>wonderful place We are a family of 6 and we had 2 rooms at the 23rd floor (ocean view) at the Ilikay for 5 nights. We enjoyed our stay there and would go back at any time. Rooms are wide, nice and clean. The view is gorgeous and and the location is really convenient.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Book It Dano For those of you seeking advice on whether this property is worth staying at or not, let me put your mind at ease. I'm going to give you the bottom line....Go for it ! We stayed on the 22nd floor with a deluxe ocean view. The view was in fact deluxe, and the room was huge, as was the lani. Our room was spotless ( no mold, no spots on the carpet, no bugs and we didn't hear our neighbors next door ) All the pitfalls from the previous reviews were not to be found. Yes, the hotel is tucked away with a marina on one side, but there's a certain charm to that. The beach isn't that far away, just a 5 minute walk and you're right smack in the middle of where the Hilton Hawaiian folks hang out. And if you keep going another 10 minutes you'll find yourself in the quicksand of humanity known as Waikiki beach ( which is o.k if you're in to people watching, that's about all there's room for ).  We ate breakfast at Canoes resturant every morning cause it was part of the deal. The food was excellent, but a little expensive if it were to come out of my pocket. Yes, I know, the cost was tacked on to the room, but that went on the credit card. It left me with my wad to spend on other stuff. Parking is 20 bucks. I saw folks parking in the marina for free, but if you want convienience and security, spend the doe. In closing, just so you know, my opinion isn't skewed by romance, or clouded by a honeymoon, I was there with my daughter to see a USC game. The Ilikai would be great for all the aforementioned though. Couples in their 20's may want to go where there's more action. Oh, and visit the North shore. It's more tropical there. So if you were to ask the late Steve McGarrett of Hawii five 0 fame, I'm sure he'd tell you to BOOK IT DANO. Have fun!!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Holiday of a lifetime The best palce for sun, water sports, restaurants and location. It even has a great medical center run by Dr John Magauran who gave me great attention and care.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RutgersGuy
<Content>Save $$$ with private condo rooms The Ilikai is mixture of hotel rooms and private condos. We rented room 1108 from www.ilikai.com and were very satisfied with it. The price with taxes was about $150 a night, much less than the hotel rates. The room had a nice harbor view and was very comfortable. With the queen sofa open, it was cozy but perfect for a family of 4.We did not spend much time at the main part of the Waikiki strip, so the location was not an issue, but we found it convenient. The room was nicely furnished and included a well-furnished kitchen where Pat had left some treats for us in the fridge. The downside of renting a private condo is that you do not have access to hotel services. You don't actually check into the hotel so they don't know you're there. You have to carry your own bags and may not get to use the hotel's towels at the pool. I don't know who would help if there were a problem with the room. Pat, the rental agent, lives in the Ilikai and I think there's a condo management office. I was a bit nervous about prepaying for our whole stay without any info about the agent, but it turned out to be perfect for us.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware of promises of 'ocean views'       looking at Waikiki beach from the Diamond Head Crater look out - so many hotels DO have views  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Experience--wouldn't recommend it I travel weekly, mostly for business--some pleasure. I chose the Renaissance Ilikai because it's a Marriott and I collect frequent traveler points. Most Marriott Hotels have upgraded their beds and they're great--another reason to stay at Marriotts. Overall, I've had great experiences with them.The Ilikai doesn't live up to any Marriott standard. It is an old hotel and our two-different rooms were very dated. The beds were old and uncomfortable. The furniture was dated--bamboo motif with plenty of wear. The carpets were soiled. The shower had mold on the walls and worst of all--long black hairs plastered to the shower walls from a previous guest. Also, there was not outlet to plug in my computer to work.The room we reserved was billed as Ocean View at $269 per night--what a joke! We were 10 floors above the street--the noise was deafening when we opened the window and you'd have had to hang out over the balcony to see the ocean (it was out there at the end of the street). We called and complained and next day they moved us down the hall. The room was exactly the same, but on the inside of the building, over the pool (also noisy). The carpets were soiled; bad bed, etc.! The last straw was waiting in line for a full 25 minutes to check out on the last day--two desk clerks were waiting on 25 or so people.The only exception was the food and service at Canoes Restaurant--it was superb. We ate in the restauant, had room service, and poolside--it was always great.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyable place to stay       Picture of Ilikai  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Ilikai       Picture of Ilikai  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fand
<Content>Wouldn't stay there again I had an unfortunate problem at the Ilikai: my room was on the 4th floor directly overlooking the pool. The noise was so bad that I couldn't sleep. There were a lot of children screaming at the top of their lungs in the pool. I called the front desk, and the person who answered said that she would send security to ask them to quiet down. It didn't quiet down. 20 mins later, I called the front desk and asked them to send someone out there again, and she promised that she would. This time I looked out of my window down at the pool. NO ONE went up to anyone in that pool and asked them to quiet down. 15 mins later I called the front desk again and asked to be put in a quieter room. The woman informed me that security had taken care of the problem. She ignored my request for another room. I told her that I had been looking out my window and that security had not gone to the pool. She transferred me to a manager. I asked for a quieter room. She ignored my request and told me that she would call the pool attendant. I watched out of the window and the pool attendant did get a phone call and went over to the pool. Finally, by 11 pm or so, all of the kids were out of the pool and it was quiet enough to sleep. I travel all of the time for business, and I have never been treated so rudely as I was by the Ilikai staff. I will definitely not go there again. But, that said, my room was nice otherwise, and I really like the Canoes restaruant. I think that people may like this hotel, but ONLY if you get a room up in the tower away from the noise. One more thing...the walls are paper thin so you may be able to hear your neighbors quite well, and vice versa.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Dedphred
<Content>Good Location, Huge Room Our room was huge and had two double beds. The biggest bonus was a full kitchen. We hadn't expected that and weren't able to truly take advantage of having a kitchen, but will keep it in mind for future trips. The pools at this hotel are small, but you are within a very short walk of a nice beach, so no problem. Our view was of the road and the mountains, but the outlook was quite pleasant considering it wasn't the ocean. We enjoyed our stay. The hotel staff were wonderful--helpful with suggestions of how to get around and what to see. We used their parking for $20 a day and figured it was a bargain. Honolulu is a fun place and we had a great time. We will return to the Illikai next time we go to Oahu.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stampjen
<Content>Paradise found       Our room  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shoplocal
<Content>Pleasant Stay at Ilikai       View from my room  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GoGatorsTampa_FL
<Content>Great hotel! We stayed at the Ilikai for our honeymoon in April. We had booked a standard room and were upgraded to a Ocean Front Deluxe because of the occasion. Our room was clean and had a fantastic view. It isn't right on Waikiki but that's ok because it's an overcrowded beach anyway. There are much nicer beaches that can be found just by driving around. Beware the cost of room service! We ordered a kid's grilled cheese, a hamburger, fries and a couple of cokes and it came out to $50!!  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than average       My kids near the hotel pool  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>dont waste your money! what a joke. after researching many hotels to stay at, i picked this hotel because of the high star rating and the name renaissance which i expected to be great quality. we stayed in a suite, which cost somewhere over $400 a night. for this price it should have been flawless. the location of the hotel is bad and miles from the attractions at waikiki, the outside appearance was very outdated and looked almost moldy. the room was horrible. the air conditioner didnt work, and we paid for an in room movie and the movie stopped in the middle of it and we were charged for it. the hot tub was out of order for 2 days for no reason. we had to call the hotel maintenance man over 5 times to fix things in our room, which meant we were required to tip him every time. desk people were rude, and the whole hotel wasnt worth $100. save your money and stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great Stay We recently stayed at the Renaissance Ilikai from April 15th until the 21st for my husband's hockey tournament. (Yes, there is hockey in Hawaii!!!) Wonderful and gracious service by all staff members encountered.One of the most delightful aspects of the trip was the food. I now understand how the hotel wins several awards at the Taste of Honolulu every year. (I saw the accolades posted in the elevator.) We thoroughly enjoyed breakfast and dinner at Canoe's Restaurant. Try the Eggs Waikiki in the morning - Kaluha pig hash with taro and an island style Eggs Benedict. We enjoyed the Mai Tai's at the bar, and had the Ahi sampler as an appetizer for dinner.The hotel staff was wonderful and the front desk was especially friendly and helpful. I also loved the morning restaurant staff (Ask for LuAnn) who remembered me from previous trips. She has a fun and accomodating personality and really brightens up your morning. We will return.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SCLorri
<Content>Great travel experience Our experience at the Ilikai was fantastic. The teal color of the outside of the hotel looks a little dated (like it did when the opening scene of Hawaii Five O was filmed there many years ago) but the inside was beautiful. One of our tour guides said it was the first high rise hotel in Waikiki. Our balcony looked out onto the ocean and the room was quite spacious and included a kitchen. The proximity of the hotel was quite suitable for our agenda with the main strip of Waikiki only a few short blocks away - nice walk through the park. The staff was friendly and helpful and made our stay in Hawaii one we'll remember forever.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not typical renaissance quality Over the years I have stayed at many Marriott and Renaissance properties. This hotel did not meet the usual standards. There are just a few things that one should know before booking at this hotel. First, it is not on the beach. It is a short walk away. Also, the hotel is located at the far end of Waikiki, and is not in the center of where most activity takes place. However, it is next door to the Hilton Hawaiian Village, which provides entertainment. The rooms have recently been refurbished, and are nice, however the bathrooms still need much improvement. The shower/bathtub is extremely small, and did not appear well cleaned. The restaurants at the hotel are very good. The 2 pools are basic, and small, but pleasant and not overly crowded. Be aware that there is a significant amount of permanent residents, many elderly, living in the hotel full time. Overall, the hotel provided a fairly pleasant stay, but do not expect typical Marriott/Renaissance quality.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place The Ilikai hotel was a great place to stay while on vacation in March, 2005. We had a room on the 22nd floor and had a fantastic view of the beach and the ocean from the lanai. The valet parking was very fast and efficient with personable serviice by the friendly staff.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it Friendly staff, great restaurants, comfy beds, and great location. I loved it here--never wanted to leave! The flowers at the front desk with bobby pins for your hair was a really cute touch. I would stay here again, and hope to.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>odd and old Tripadvisor give this hotel 4 stars which very generous because it is more like a 3 star hotel. The price is a value and so the hotel. The hotel looks like it did in the 60's. The staff friendly enough but nothing special. Our room's carpet was stained very badly and the furniture worn. There was nothing special about our stay. I dont recommend this hotel to families with small children we have a 9 year old and she was the only child in the whole place. Lots of retirees liveing there and just hanging out since half of it is a condo setting. The parking is 16 dollars a night but there is free parking in the back of the hotel near the marina. Conclusion=good budget hotel.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>yvodan
<Content>wonderful two weeks We have just returned from a 2 week vacation at the Renaissance Ilikai on Waikiki. The hotel was very clean, service excellent and the Japanesse and Patio restaurants also excellent. Very friendly staff all around. Once you have registered you notice that everything is all open and on one floor with 4 elevators to the rooms. The floral arrangements were beautiful throughout the grounds. Nice view of the harbor with a distant view or the ocean. Sunsets were very enjoyable from the patio area. Hawaiian entertainment on Thurs, Fri. and Sat. evening and also fireworks on Friday. Car rental on site and also hotel is located on the bus route. Many restaurants in the immediate area. About $5.00 taxi to mid town Waikiki beaches. Two weeks were not enough for this balmy island.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Medical Check Up I chose the hotel because I had just had a aortic aneurysm repair and wanted to have a doctor close by. The Hawaii Ueno Medical Clinic on the ground floor was exceptional and I availed of a complete medical.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spookiedoodle
<Content>Had a wonderful stay here!! We spent 6 nights at the Renaissance Ilikai on Waikiki from January 6th thru 11th, 2005. I booked the room on Priceline and was surprised to get it for $60 per night. I was not expecting the top quality that we got with this room, due to the low, low price. Remember that January in Hawaii is HIGH season and you would expect to pay much more for a top notch room. The room was very large, in the Yacht Harbor Tower and was extremely comfortable and quiet. The only disappointment was the fact that we could not get a queen or king room - ended up with a room with 2 doubles, but it was non-smoking. Could have gotten a king smoking room, but prefer non-smoking. The hotel staff were extremely friendly and helpful. We needed to do a very late checkout because we had a 9:30PM flight back to the mainland. The charge for a 6PM checkout was an additional $50.00, but we thought it was well worth the cost. We had a convertible and did not want to drive all over Honolulu on our last day with a car full of luggage. This rate was called the Linger Longer rate and I would recommend it to anyone who needs a very late checkout. We truly enjoyed our stay at this lovely hotel and would highly recommend it to anyone!!!!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelhappie
<Content>Great overnight stay... We were attending a wedding and stayed overnight in a kitchen with ocean view room on the 20th floor. Although the view was half blocked by one of the Hilton towers, it was stilll a nice view to wake up to. We had a King size bed plus sofa bed and a full kitchen with granite counters. There's a coffee maker with coffee and tea provided. The bed was very comfortable and we slept soundly. I'm sure a kitchen would come in handy for those wanting to cook breakfast in the room. The hotel is good for families who need the extra room. Although our bathroom only had a shower (not good for those little kids that need tubs). The staff was gracious and gave us a late checkout upon request. Newspaper left at door in the morning. It's only a few minutes walk to the Hilton property where you can enjoy their beautiful lobby. The only problem would be the large amount of elderly people who live there and stared at our loud children as if they were the devil himself. Also, the pools are small and plain. Overall, a good choice for the money, but not for the younger crowd who might want to be more in the center of Waikiki.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic rooms and deal This is an outstanding hotel with a great beach. All rooms are enormous with kitchens and balconies etc etc. The HILTON lagoon and its wonderful sandy beach is a two minute walk out the back. I parked my car at the marina next to the hotel for free. One of the waiters told me he does it all the time. Since hotel lot has gone up to 20 dollars as of this month, there is also 14 dollar parking at the garage at the Hobron street entrance which garage is connected to hotel by a bridge. Yes its a fifteen minute walk to tourist shops, but that keeps this hotel quiet and peaceful. The larger of its two pools is heated and spacious.Loved it at my priceline price. See biddingfortravel for more.Also did their timeshare presentation. Once they realized I was just there for the gift, I was out in thirty minutes.Just loved it.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best in Waikiki I have never stayed in such a superb hotel. I forgot my blood pressure medication and the hotel doctor immediately came to my assistance.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChampagnePrincess
<Content>Wow, what a room! What a deal! Simply asked for a nice room at reception and just like that, we got a kitchenette room in the new tower, on the 3rd floor, facing the marina. It was gorgeous and huge. It had a full kitchen with an island and bar stools, a couch, lounge chair, king bed and sunset view. The patio was huge and came with a table and two chairs. We even got a newspaper each morning. Not bad for $69 a night through Priceline. We used our Entertainment Book and used several dinner coupons at the hotel's restaurants. Canoes was great - the best grilled ahi with lemon sauce I've ever had. Also ate right across the street at the pizza restaurant and enjoyed it. Don't go to Oahu without purchasing the Entertainment Book. We saved hundreds of dollars. The shows in Waikiki were real super savers. (Blue Hawaii Elvis show - savings $64) All meals - half price. Can't beat the deals. Lots of great shopping right downstairs in the hotel - so convenient. If you have kids they have special arcade deals that looked really reasonable. The pools were pretty small, but because of the high winds, we skipped them. The nightly torch lighting ceremony was nice, short and sweet. Make sure you take a jacket, at night it gets pretty chilly and windy. A short walk to the Hilton Hawaiin Village, should not be missed. It's so huge. Can't wait to get back to this hotel. Would recommend it to anyone. If your kids like McDonald's, it's right across the avenue, out the front door. Stay at this hotel - you'll love it. Also, it you get a chance, walk into the chapel, it's gorgeous.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very reasonable hotel I spent five nights at the hotel in December 2004. The hotel is in a fairly neutral location in that it is at the extreme end of Waikiki beach, about five minutes walk from the actual sand. It is also at least 15 minutes walk from the main tourist shops in Kalakaua Avenue and 10 from the Convention Centre and Ala Moana Shopping Centre.I had an ocean view with a King size bed. The room was a very good size with the amenities you would expect including safe, coffee/tea making facilities and a small refrigerator. There was also a good sized balcony which as appears to be the norm in Hawaii lacked a light making it difficult to read once the sun had gone down.The only possible cause complaint was that at times the wait for the elevators was excessive - one word of advice is that there are also bathers and service elevators slightly hidden that give another couple of options.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing value for a HUGE room Stayed at the Renaissance Ilikai at the end of October for one night. Because of getting bumped of our flight leaving Hawaii we ended up staying at three different hotels on the trip. Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach, Radisson Prince Kuhio, and this hotel. The Outrigger on the Beach is probably the best hotel I've stayed at in Waikiki but this hotel room was very nice as well. Got a great last minute deal on Priceline and ended up paying about $60 for it. As far as just the room is concerned this was HUGE for Waikiki. The view was nice overlooking the harbor, the ocean and on the viewing deck a nice view of Diamond Head. Not much of a beach directly in front of the hotel and that's what keeps me from rating it excellent.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone that wants a spacious room in Waikiki but be forewarned that it is NOT on the strip side of Waikiki but is closer to Ala Moana.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lynz1027
<Content>Ok, but wouldn't stay again. We stayed at the Renaissance Ilikai Hotel as part of our honeymoon stay. We were there the week of November 1 and checking out November 5. First, I must say that the hotel is very hard to find and get to. We called for directions to the hotel 3 different times and finally were able to find it after looking for almost 45 minutes. I want to state that we booked this hotel on Hotwire at the rate of $92 per night, which I thought was a decent rate for Hawaii, and especially in the Wakiki area. The hotel staff was courteous upon arrival but they informed us that there would be a charge of $16 per night for parking. Kind of ridiculous since the hotel has been there since the 60's and the ramp is paid for by now. Anyways, we were upgraded to a room with a kitchen and refrigerator and stove. Upon entering the room, we realized that it was actually very nice. The decor was very up to date and it had Bath and Body ameneties which was nice. I read that they did a renovation to the hotel a short time ago so I was impressed. The thing I did not care for about this hotel was the location. It was in the Wakiki area but the nicer part of Wakiki is on down the road. The hotel didn't really sit on the beach and the part that it was on didn't have any people on the beach. So if you wanted to go to the part of Wakiki beach that had people surfing and so on, you needed to go down to the other part of the beach. If you are wanting a nice hotel in a great part of town I would definitely recommend the Sheraton Moana Surfrider hotel. It was an absolutely beautiful hotel that sat right on the beach. Also the Hyatt that was across the street from the Sheraton was also a nice hotel.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED IT! We booked one of the condo Units for a week in Sept.2004 It was a wonderful room with a view of the Harbor and Ocean. The rooms larger than most and very comftable bed with a ton of pillows not rock hard but down filled, a livingroom with chairs, table and couch, a breakfast bar and stools, a balcony with table and chairs.Spa and treatments at the pool. Saved quit a bit eating breakfast and most dinners in the room. Their is a Foodland in the shopping center at Ala Mona about 3 bloocks away. The hotel has 2 pools and has a show and fireworks poolside friday nights. It was very nice to sit and relax with a drink after our long flight in. It has several small shops, a general store great for price about the same as larger stores great for getting drinks and small items for fridge. It has a short walkway that connects it Wikiki beach in front of the Hilton Village. Now Wikiki is crowded most times but for the feel of the beach it is nice, a park is there and a sidewalk that runs the entire length of the beach. Parking is bit higher than most places $16 a day but it is valet and your car is secure in a enclosed garage. The valets jhonny on the spot , helping with packages, giving directions. Fresh lays and flowers for your hair avaiable every day in the lobby help yourself. All the help very nice and helpful. The maid will even do the dishes in your room! The resturants all very good and priced right. The Harbor Pub across the street connected by a overpass walkway turned out to be our favorite. Best Pizza we ever had! Downtown is very walkable from the hotel with a lot to look at along the way.WOuld stay here again in a heart beat.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>How I Spent My Tax Return I loved the open-air lobby and the giant bouquets of tropical flowers located in the Renaissance Ilikai. The views--the ocean in front and Diamond Head to the left--was exquisit. The staff was very helpful, whether it was a change in room or simply asking for directions. Even though it isn't located directly on the beach, it is surrounded by a boat harbor and tide pool (smaller children may enjoy trying to catch the small schools of baby fish!). I didn't find the jaunt to the beach bad, especially since there is a walkway from the hotel leading directly to the beach. The room was very nice and clean, although the bed was extremely uncomfortable and the TV minute. Also, room service has limited hours which aren't condusive to tourists. The restaurants are nice and most tour buses pick up at the hotel for island sightseeing. The location is central to shopping, yet far enough away from the hubbub to still be able to sleep with the balcony doors open at night. All in all, a very good and memorable experience!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed Bag While the hotel is a mix of Condo's and hotel rooms, we found the size of the room and the fact that we got a full kitchen to outweigh many of the negatives. The rooms were huge with a nice balcony and a full kitchen, I know have been told not all are equipped with the kitchen. It's not right on the beach, and the pool is nothing to write home about but the restaurant and gym along with very accomodating staff made up for that. Being right next to Alo Moana Park which I think boasts the best beach in Honolulu helps to keep you away from the crowds. The positives outweighed the negatives we check in this Monday for a week.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the price       view from my harbor side room balcony  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More than a Few Steps to Waikiki Beach The Ilikai is isolated by a lagoon and fence from the other hotels on Waikiki beach. You have to walk quite a long distance to access the beach not a few steps as the hotel claims. Once you reach the nearest beachfront area, you won't be able to go into the ocean unless you're wearing shoes because of the coral and lava rocks. It's quite a walk, but head toward Diamond Head and the public beach areas for better surf. The Ilikai is 40 years old and definelty in need of a face lift. The pool is very small. The hotel has little shade and the sun scorches the tiny balconies and quickly heats up the rooms. Forget sitting on your balcony or opening the curtains in your room until sunset. Our room was not ready and using our Marriott reward points was a big hassle at check-in. This is definelty not the quality you would expect from a Renaissance property. On the positive side, our room was spacious and clean. The restaurant serves a great breakfast buffet.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Pleased I was surprised the hotel was reasonably priced and is nice... the lobby is nice but not extremely fancy, but the rooms have recently been renovated and the decor is new and very nice. The air conditioning worked well. The bathroom was renovated, but the bathtub/showers are older- but very large and clean. We didn't use the pool, but it looked good. I'm really picky about hotel rooms' cleanliness - and I was pleased with this hotel. The hotel is next to a marina and is on the water, but not the beach. You can easily walk to the beach - about 1/8 mile. I used to live in Hawaii and I recommend you stay in Honolulu, but venture out to other parts of Oahu (and other islands if you can) to get the best vacation. Visit the North Shore (Waimea Beach/Sunset Beach), Kaneohe, Kailua... visit other beaches besides Waikiki (most locals don't even go to Waikiki Beach!!) and do some hiking! It's some of the best hiking in the U.S.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel This hotel was great! It was very clean!! The staff was very friendly. I would stay there again. The only down fall of this hotel, the beach access. It is a little bit of a walk, yes you can see the ocean from most rooms, but the boat harbor is infront of that! Otherwise overall it was a great place to stay!   
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Below Average If you are at all familar with the Renaissance brand of hotels, you will be sorely disappointed. The Renaissance Ilikai is a strange hotel-condo mix...some balconies are cluttered with bikes, bbq's and other junk, so you feel like you are neighbors with a full time resident...which you are.It is a strange concept for a hotel, and it in no way embodies the Renaissance brand. The hotel is in dire need of repair...everything about it is old and decaying.Lobby is nothing special. Hotel feels like one of those giant conference hotels, but this one is half condos, so you feel like you're in a strange pseudo-hotel. The pool and grounds are nothing to ride home about, and the room was what you'd get at Days Inn or Motel 6. I think they are making the televisions in new cars larger than the one that was in our room...if that tells you anything.All in all, I felt like I was in the twilight zone the entire time. The hotel just doen't feel like a hotel. Maybe it is better suited for those guests staying for extended periods of time. The staff were all polite and congenial, though.I was only there for one night, thankfully. If you're like me, and you know what other options exist in Waikiki, you'd be very disappointed when you get to this hotel...trust me, I'm not a picky traveler, but this hotel sucks.For about the same price, go to the Marriott Waikiki Beach Resort at the other end of Waikiki. A much much nicer property, all fresh;y renovated, and in a much nicer part of Waikiki!Stay away from this Renaissance! It's the pits!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luvmickey
<Content>Great for our family of 5 Great hotel for family! We spent four nights at the Ilikai with our 3 sons, ages 15, 12 and 8. It was away from the hustle and bustle of the main part of Waikiki Beach, but right next door the the Hilton Hawaiian Village. We had an ocean view room with 2 dbls, 1 sofabed and kitchette. Wonderful views and close to a big beach.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Doctor When I was ill the hotel's Dr John Magauran saw me immediately. He's the best doctor I ever had.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Away! This hotel is old and dated. It is half hotel and half privately owned condominiums. The lobby and elevators are like something out of the movie Cocoon - tons of old people, staggering around, loitering in the lobby, and playing cards and dominoes. It's just this side of a Nursing Home fee. The Hotel itself is full of Clampetts. Fanny packs, wet bathing suits, screaming kids. The room was OK, but the hallways are like a frat party and the elevator was right next to my room. I expected more from Waikiki. The beach and the Ilikai are the Wal Mart of Hawaii. Stay away!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>can be noisey We stayed here in november 2003, the good points are as follows hotel was very clean, very friendly people, also couldnt do enough for us. maids kept the room very clean, and the resturant food was the best we had ever tasted, but very expensive. The pool was very clean. The bad points are as follows, we had a yahat harbour tower double room, found that to be sometimes quite noisey as they have these conventions which there was loads of us soldiers whom made quite a bit of noise calling out goodnight to their friends, this normally happened on the weekends, at one point we were woken up at about 12.30 by them all fighting down below, police was called and it soon was dispursed. we had a problem with our window and if my boyfriend hadnt have held it it would have fell out down below and killed somebody, the whole window came out off the runners. the manager couldnt apologise enough he gave us a free meal in the resturant and sent up a free basket of food, other then this very serious event we would stay there again, as a lot of the other hotels along the beach were a lot noiser then ours. also we found cathleen in the reception more then helpfull.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>forever loved! My family and I have been staying at the Illikai for years. My grandparents have traveled there every year for over 40 years and my family and i have enjoyed a month there each year for the past 7 years. It is a wonderful location half on waikiki beach half on the harbour. Short stroll to ala moana shopping mall. The best rooms to choose would be the end double rooms with 2 bedrooms, lounge, 2 bathrooms and kitchen. The two balconies create a sense of space and the view of the harbour and beach is spectacular. All around the Illikai is a favourite in our family and i highly recommend it!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon Paradise! My husband and I stayed at the Ilikai for the first part of our honeymoon vacation, and it was a lovely starting point. We were greeted by a very helpful bellhop staff who insisted that they do all the work and that we were on vacation! The lobby is beautiful, open and spacious and the staff were very friendly. When making the reservations, I found outthat this hotel had just undergone a $2 million renovation, and you could tell! Our room was beautifully decorated with all new furnishing in a comfotable tropical look and feel . The city view from our 24th floor room was absolutely stunning! The view got even better in the morning when we watched the daybreak over the mountains. Our lanai was large enugh that we actually had a panoramic view of the mountains to our left and the ocean to our right. It was an incredible hotel to stay at in a very nice area that is busy that is right in the heart of Honolulu.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PDLJ
<Content>Ilikai - pluses and minuses Just spent 5 days at the Ilikai attending a convention at the hotel. We were upgraded to a one-bedroom suite in the Yacht Harbor Tower with an ocean view. A beautifully renovated suite with full ocean views from two balconies. Unfortunately, the view of Diamond Head was blocked by the main Ilikai Tower, but the views of the sunsets were incredible.The suite had a cozy bedroom with a queen bed, average-sized bathroom with a tub/shower combination, and a spacious living room with a sofabed. All very fresh and clean. Service was excellent on all fronts with the exception of one concierge (not a regular, I don't think) who didn't know anything about the L'Uraku restaurant and denigrated Japanese restaurants on Kapiolani in general - he couldn't have been more wrong about one of the top-rated restaurants in Honolulu.The hotel's location is not as convenient to Waikiki beach but, quite frankly, Waikiki is overrated and overcrowded as a beach. The hotel is very convenient to the Ala Moana shopping center and its excellent food court. Parking is expensive at $14 a day (self parking - valet parking is $19). Food is expensive and service is slow, but the quality is ok. The business center is a concession and expensive. The two pools are nice, but small.Many of the rooms are owned as condos and serve as year-round residences for the owners. As a result, late night partying is seriously discouraged. Our convention had to shut down a karaoke night by 12:30 and a post-dinner get-together in one of the conference rooms was shut down at 12:30 as well.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>1Travelingon
<Content>It was alright.. This was the second place we stayed, I left a review for our first place the Laie Inn (located on the windward side of island) with TripAdvisor also. Anyway, we stayed here three nights, we got a 45 day advanced purchase price of $120.00 through Expedia for a city view.  We were upgraded to a partial ocean view which both looked over the city and the harbor to your far left. The room was clean and adequate, I would have liked to have had a microwave though. The room is a little worn but not bad. They really gouge you on water though, one bottle is $4.50! The breakfast buffet was $17.95 for adults, we had our 2 children also, so breakfast for all 4 would have been close to $60.00 a day! We chose to eat at a coffee shop across the street from the Hilton Hawaiian Village. The hotel did provide little extra's like Q-tips, shoe polish and cotton balls, and the pool towels were nice and plush, better than the room towels. The lobby is nice, the concierge was very friendly, only one lady was working and we had about a 25 minute wait, but she was very helpful once it was our turn. It is quite a stroll to Waikiki beach, you are hot and tired by the time you get back from the beach. If I had to do it all over again, first of all I would have stayed the entire time on the other side of the Island, but if I had to stay in Waikiki it would be the Hilton Hawaiian Village, our friends stayed there and received (because it was available) a 2 room upgrade, and the village has the ambiance of a tropical island that the CITY of Waikiki is lacking. They have much more to offer, we were trying to save money though, but really because of the location we did a lot of walking which is seriously something to keep in mind if you are handi-capped or out of shape. The buses are $2.00 per adult, per ride and it ads up fast, they have a 4 day pass also, again a family of 4 ends up being around 50-$60.00. On top of that, in order to get to any Hotel you have to pay for a Taxi, Limo or Shuttle, it's not going to be any less than $20.00 one-way. The prices of everything are very high in Waikiki unless you can get to the swap meet at the stadium, a giant flea market had some good deals, but even better is to shop where the locals go all over the rest of the Island. Your best off to hit Wal-Marts and Safeway when you first get there, pick up all your ammenities that are going to cost you twice as much in Waikiki. Hotel parking at the Ilikai is $8 or 9.00 a day, they have Alamo on site. We rented a car for the first 3 days of our trip leaving the airport and paid an extra $30.00 to drop it off at the Ilikai, it was worth it, no hassles, we took a cab back, there was a coupon in the Oahu Gold free coupon book (found most anywhere) for I Do Cab it was $17.00 to the airport, they arrived on time, and we gave him a $20.00 bill total, the least expensive way to go, cabs are usually $25-26.00 to airport before tip. There was nothing really bad or really good about this hotel, most of the clientle was senior citizen while we were there, and they had weddings and group meetings going on all the time in a ballroom, but they are not a bother to the guests, however you have to walk by them while in your swimsuit if your coming from the pool and they are gathered outside smoking or taking a break. Women receive an orchid for their hair upon arrival, there are stores, deli and restaurants (good ratings on food) on site. I was very disappointed in the fact that they advertise a very large lazer tag facility for kids, (this was one of the reasons I chose the Ilikai), however it is closed or by appointment only on Mon-Wed. the days that we were there! My son was really looking forward to it and was extremely disappointed. The pools are not large, but adequate and clean. The whirlpool had some broken jets. The window on our 9th floor room did not lock easily, it was a chensey lock and there is only a bar about a foot high, nothing to stop a small child from falling out, I feel they should have at least one more safety latch. The lobby is open-aired and pretty, as well as directly outside the lobby, pretty but small area, just not alot to offer.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed feelings On October 24 - 26, 2003, I stayed at this hotel. My primary motivation for staying at the hotel was the corporate rate that was offered.Although the lobby is very nice, the rooms show a lot of wear and tear. The carpet was dirty and the bathtub was not properly cleaned.Overall, the price gets a B grade. Location is about a C grade. Overall appearance is about a C grade.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good experience this hotel keeps getting mixed reviews and i guess it depends if your in a condo or a hotel room. Our experience was great, we had 2 connecting rooms and both were decorated nice and were very clean. the beds were very comfortable and the bathrooms were great, nice shower . we had trouble with the safe and the serviceman was there in minutes. we also had problems 2 other times(toilet and smoke alarm ) and again they were fixed within minutes of our call. my 3 sons had a great time at the pool and the food was actually pretty good. the location was great for us, we walked everywhere.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice, with a few exceptions. We had 2 rooms at the Ilikai for 2 nights, and had mixed results. One room was a double and the other had a King size bed. Both rooms had a full kitchen, with a full size fridge, oven, microwave, and dishwasher. Large bathroom. Both rooms faced the city, and the view was nice, although you were looking into the condos accross the street. The room with the king size bed had some a/c problems, as it was too noisy and not cooling well, but it was not too big a problem. 2 pools, one heated, and poolside service at both. Waikiki Beach was a short walk past the Hilton. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel is at the far end of the Waikiki beach strip, but within a short walk of everything.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>college frat houses look better The light can't filter through the mold on the lamp shade, the carpet not suitable for the dog house. A 50's style atmosphere reflects the last decade the place was cleaned or renovated.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very pleasant hotel   showReview(1189957, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Condos are furnishings are worn and shabby   showReview(993409, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's nice and clean, but location and staff need work...   showReview(983917, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hit-or-Miss Experience   showReview(963368, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not up to Renaissance standards   showReview(860867, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best bed I have ever slept in!   showReview(828930, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay   showReview(744599, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I wouldn't recommend it unless you're on a budget   showReview(701110, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ilikai to the RESCUE   showReview(495966, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The service was AAA!   showReview(405472, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ksk_iii
<Content>銇с亱銇勶紒锛併亰銇娿亶銇勶紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(23390271, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>銇嬨仯銇ｃ亾
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄銉忋儻銈?!   showReview(23102701, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	3	4	4	

<Author>yucky74
<Content>銇倱銇炽倞銇伅鏈€楂?#x201d;   showReview(22994605, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ゃ儶銈偆銇勩亜銇с仚銈堛€?#x201d;   showReview(21745072, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌村牬銇с仚   showReview(20752951, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儵銉偄銉娿伀杩戙亜   showReview(20752679, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hhuuggoo
<Content>Courtyard ist OK   showReview(16442209, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儳銉冦償銉炽偘銇伅銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19171294, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇屽簝銇?#x201d;   showReview(19170657, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>婊炲湪涓€佹棩鏈汉銇伅浼氥倧銇氥兓銉汇倖銇ｃ亸銈娿仹銇嶃伨銇椼仧   showReview(19170456, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇屽簝銇勶紒   showReview(19170438, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銉冦儠銇偟銉笺儞銈广伀鎰熷嫊   showReview(19168077, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸搴冦亜   showReview(19164993, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚℃牸鍎厛銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19163827, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绶忓悎鐨勩伀鑰冦亪銇︺倐銆佽唱銇亜銇勩儧銉嗐儷銇с仐銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(19156200, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈忋倞銇ㄤ究鍒┿仹銇欍亴鈥?#x201d;   showReview(19929377, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉ㄣ儍銉堛儚銉笺儛銉笺偪銉兗...   showReview(19928337, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱亾銇珛鍦版潯浠躲亴銈堛亸...   showReview(19927778, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>DLX銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儞銉?..   showReview(19927074, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌烘腐銇嬨倝绱勶紤锛曞垎锛圱...   showReview(19925331, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉ㄣ儍銉堛儚銉笺儛銉笺伄鐩伄...   showReview(19924630, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇ㄣ亜銇ｃ仸銈傘偄銉┿儮...   showReview(19923631, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏄斻€佹棩鑸郴銇犮仯銇熸檪銇?..   showReview(19920205, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉銇ㄣ€侀暦鏈熸粸鍦?..   showReview(19920021, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>2003/2/28...   showReview(19918962, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

