<Author>Justice911
<Content>Nice Hotel But.............. Nice size room but my carpet in the room was very damp. I wasnt sure if it was the humity or what. Beach was nice but needs to be cleaned, Walking barefoot might pose a problem. Had issues with being charged everynight different charges due to a hotel computer glich. Hotel staff informed me this has hapend to many other guests. In addition, there were no signs directing you to the hotel from the airport. I got lost on the way there and wasited time trying to find it. Hotel was pretty close to the Bacardi tour and fairy to Old town San Juan. Hotel staff were nice and very helpful. Hotel isnt as big as you see on the photos. One side of it belongs to the vacation club. I agree with most reviewers not much to do in Dorado I spent most of my time outside of Dorado with a rental car.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	2	5	5	4	5	

<Author>coolcaesar
<Content>It's all right as long as you know what you're getting! I stayed at the Embassy Suites Dorado Del Mar recently while on a four-day vacation in Puerto Rico. I read all the recent reviews on TripAdvisor and thus had a good idea of what to expect.Advantages of this hotel include: located in a safe, quiet, pleasant luxury suburb of San Juan; small private beach with breakwaters to ease the waves and lots of rocks at each end to keep out the riffraff; very quiet and peaceful at pool and beach on weekdays; gorgeous, soothing and well-maintained landscaping and architecture; well-equipped fitness center; and wonderfully delicious complimentary breakfast (which is a real cooked-to-order breakfast rather than just continental as at most hotels). All staff encountered were courteous and pleasant.Disadvantages of this hotel: Mandatory 12% resort fee and $7 parking fee (why couldn't that be just rolled into the room rate?); huge crowds of raucous local Puerto Ricans on weekends at the pool and beach who are apparently staying at the Aquatic Club time-share on site; awkward parking situation; the concierge is never in; speed bumps galore coming to and from the main highway (at least eight, I think); cranky computers and printers in the business center; and large but shallow kid-oriented swimming pool that needs refurbishment (it has a few cracked and/or missing tiles here and there).No sign of the Chilean soap opera. Guess they finished filming!As for the room itself, it was well-maintained and clean, with only the slightest trace of a musty smell, and in excellent shape. The bed was warm and comfortable and the furniture looked practically new and in good shape with no obvious scratches or tears. The only major problems noted with the room were a tiny bit of rusting seen on the tiles in the bathroom, a mediocre-quality sealing job on the edges of the walls and fixtures in the bathroom, and a psycho A/C system that seemed to be capable of only various degrees of cooling (cold, very very cold, and ridiculously freezing) and was unable to provide heating or just a straight-through fan. Bring a cozy sweatshirt to stay warm at night.Anyone visiting this hotel in the next year should be warned that the parking lot clearly visible on Google Maps or Windows Live Maps satellite photographs to the southwest of the hotel has just been torn up. The hotel is building a real parking garage (apparently to ameliorate its chronic parking shortage). Unfortunately, this means that you will either have to park in the tandem parking in the temporary parking lot built to the southwest of the old lot, or they will direct you to park on one of the golf course paths on the east side of the hotel, where the hotel employees also park.Also, as many people have noted, try to avoid getting a room facing towards the southwest because that means you will be facing the noisy giant two-story tall air-conditioning unit that keeps the whole complex well-chilled, as well as the construction site for the new parking garage. Fortunately they gave me a room facing the east, so that wasn't a problem. As others have noted, the problem with most of the east-facing rooms is that you don't get much of an ocean view, but that is actually a good thing because the hotel complex is so close to the ocean that anyone actually facing the ocean runs the risk of being kept awake by ocean waves constantly crashing loudly on the breakwaters (at each end of the beach). Another issue is that in the winter, with the sun rising low in the sky to the south, the sun shines on the beach and pool area only from about 7 in the morning to 4 PM in the afternoon. After 4, the pool is in a deep shadow created by the hotel itself and the only area with sun is a small area of the beach at the west end, which gets sun through to about 6 PM.Finally, there's the issue of the distance from the city. Obviously, because the resort is 10 miles from San Juan, you will either have to rent a car or use taxis. If you don't rent a car, you will be stuck in the resort most of the time, which may be a problem because the Embassy Suites is rather small compared to the super-resorts where one wouldn't mind spending an entire vacation (the gigantic Hilton Waikoloa Village comes to mind). If you do rent a car, then you get the dubious pleasure of navigating Puerto Rico's insanely wild traffic. Keep in mind that staying in Dorado outside of the city means having to get up at 5 AM to fight San Juan's morning rush hour traffic to catch a 8:15 AM flight back to the mainland (unless you live somewhere close enough to PR that you can take a later flight). And the morning rush hour in San Juan starts at 6 AM, which implies you can look forward to sitting in bumper-to-bumper traffic all the way to the airport on the last day of your trip. Overall, I had a good idea of what I was getting into (no hotel is perfect), and I thoroughly enjoyed my vacation at the Embassy Suites Dorado del Mar as good value for money. Puerto Rico has the highest homicide rate in America and I enjoyed being able to retreat to a beautiful hotel in a safe, quiet neighborhood at night after exploring the island during the day.But if you need (1) a larger, deeper adult-oriented pool for real swimming/diving, (2) an actual beach for walking, not just lounging around all day, (3) a white sand beach with turquoise water rather than an ordinary brown sand beach with blue water, (4) a hotel that includes all fees upfront in the room rate, (5) a hotel that is in the city, (6) a hotel that is far, far away from the city, or (7) a hotel that doesn't have a crazy number of speed bumps and makes you park on a golf course, then you might wish to look elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>saw1964
<Content>Really Great! We had a great stay! The rooms were large, clean and in good repair (the sofa's were a little tired). We had a most beautiful view of palm trees with the sound of a fountain in the background.The breakfast was excellent! Nice variety of fruits, standard breakfast fare and eggs/omelets made to order. We were there during Thanksgiving and the buffet they served was a nice mix of the traditional turkey and stuffing and lots of regional fare. Manager's complimentary happy hour was crowded, long lines for drinks, but that's no surprise really. The staff was friendly and helpful. We are planning on making this an every other year family vacation, no need to look for other hotels, this one was great!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dblanken
<Content>Very nice resort hotel This hotel was excellent. The room was very nice, with relatively new furnishings and carpet. The hotel grounds were beautiful, very lush and well maintained. The only thing I didn't like much was the beach area, which was a little dirtier than I expected (bottle caps and other trash occasionally) and the sand didn't extend very far into the water before you met rocks. The trash issue was seen at every beach we visited in Puerto Rico, but it seems like the hotel would take a little better care of this small section of beach. I live in SC, and I have to say the beaches in SC are so much nicer. Also, there weren't a lot of waves due to a line or rocks protecting the cove. Personally I like waves, but this might be pleasant to some. The pool area was fabulous! Also ,the free drinks were spectacular, with lots of selection for good tropical drinks. Also, the town of Dorado was nice, and there was a great grocery store and other shops not far away (within walking distance ~ 1/2 mile). All in all, the place was really nice, with the only thing keeping it from 5 stars being the beach, but I doubt you'll find anything much better in all of Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>edrub
<Content>Lack of organization I just came back from a class reunion weekend celebrated at the Embassy Suites. The reservations were done around 10 months ago through one of the classmates who volunteered to make all arrangements for everyone participating. When I arrived Friday with my family, I went to the front desk, the employee found my name on the computer, and then I was sent to the Aquarius, which is next door. Finding a parking place was nearly impossible, which is odd considering it is supposed to be the group parking lot. To my surprise upon entering Aquarius, there was a long line. After one hour of waiting in line, I contacted my friend who made the reservations and she said that I was not the only one from the group who had problems with the reservation. She proceeded to talk with the manager on duty, who gave her a couple of different reasons of why they where having problems with the group reservations. After three hours of waiting in line (everyone waiting was already in a bad mood, and also having problems with their reservations), we finally had our room, but I already missed part of the evening that I expected to share with the classmates who I have not seen in a long time. As I met some of my friends they also expressed their problems with their reservations. Some were told that there was no room available and they had to wait until later that day. Others were sent to Dorado Beach, which was at a driving distance, to spend the night and come back the following day to get their room. They waited most of the day and some did not get their room until late that Saturday afternoon. As I was getting ready for our class dinner, I received a call from a hotel employee and was told that their records show that I was supposed to be there for only one night. I explained what happened with the reservations and the group that I was with, and the caller put me on hold for a very long time and never got back to me. The following day we received an envelope with the hotel statement inside, but it did not show the $150.00 that I gave as a deposit for the reservation. When I went to check out, I pointed it out to the front desk employee, and she and the manager had me waiting another hour while they checked. The classmate who made the reservations had to get the copy of my check and reservation document in order straighten the situation. It seems to me that they have to upgrade their computer system, or possibly fire the computer programmer. This will probably save them money as well as keep them from losing more clients.The service on the hotel was OK, but our stay was prematurely dampened with all this reservation problems. Needless to say, my recommendations to friends and family will be poor.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	3	2	

<Author>NeenahGirl
<Content>Best Beach Value We stayed at the Embassy Suites over Easter weekend after a planned check out from the Hyatt vacation club down the road. Hands down the Embassy Suites wins for amenities and price.The great - the protected and private beach was safe even while other beaches in Puerto Rico were closed for unusually rough surf this past March. The pool has a variety of depths and play areas, some are even shaded, to accomodate large numbers with varying degrees of swim skills. Rooms were clean and comfortable with unobtrusive and attentive housekeeping. Concierge desk is helpful as is the front desk staff. Fellow patrons were friendly.The good - Plenty of beach chairs, great breakfast, attentive staff and a family-friendly pool. Clean, spacious and in an incredible complex. The ferry to Viejo San Juan is a short drive away. There is easy access to the highway system and the restaurants in town are gracious and good.The mediocre - Our room reservation was for an ocean view; we ended up in a room that overlooked a parking lot, then a neighborhood and finally the ocean. The staff corrected the mistake after the first night. Ocean front rooms have king beds only with pull out couches making it a tough decision....do we get two beds or make the kids sleep on the pullout for the sake of a spectacular view?The noisy - The open atrium is rockin' until 11:00 on holiday weekends. The suite bedrooms were quiet enough, but the living rooms were too noisy for kids to sleep on the pull out couches. Be prepared to join in the fun.Bottom line - You'll want to return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Fortwood
<Content>This might be a nice hotel for vacation, but not great for business travelers I stayed at this property for five nights for business. It is somewhat difficult to find the entry since the address does not appear in the GPS, and the map appears on the google map is incorrect. I highly recommend reviewing the direction to the hotel before setting out. The bathroom relatively clean with a few mold spots on the celing. The chairs had lots of stains on it and looked dirty. The room was relatively quiet although it could get quite loud on Friday night when they bring in a band in the evening. The room stayed very cold no matter what I did to the thermostat. The internet connection was problematic. It does not allow VPN connection. I was disappointed in this since they charge for in-room wireless interent connection. The food choices are not so great at the hotel, and I found parking to be very inconvenient and difficult. It seems like most of the guests are having really good time, so I think the property is really good for vacation. But I found it somewhat dissapointing for business purpose. I tried this hotel because it was recommended by the people I was visiting as an alternative to staying in San Juan to reduce commute time, as it will cut down about 20 to 30 minutes of driving if you had to go to the western part of the island.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	4	3	2	

<Author>DBJJ2008
<Content>Fabulous Time!! I just returned from 10 days at this resort with my son and husband and we had a fabulous time. The hotel was extremely accomodating and all the staffers were extremely friendly. We made plenty of friends. The rooms were very nice and clean and the linens were very fresh. The only negative thing I would have to say is the Spa treatments weren't really worth what I paid. I had originally booked a spa treatment on the beach and I thought, they had a separate section (which they don't) like a real spa, but they don't. they wanted to give me a massage on the beach with everyone around us. I guess I should haved booked it in my suite, but didn't think I would be comfortable there. Anyway, I had it indoors in the fitness facility which was not quiet at all. A massage was meant to be relaxing and tension releasing and I found it extremely difficult to relax with the sound of the treadmill just outside and hotel guests talking up a storm and laughing. (should have just cancelled it!). Anyway, they do not have a spa, so it wasn't worth it. Other than that, the food was great, they had nightly entertainment, and the Manager's cocktail hour daily was fun. Overall, a really nice vacation.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Mom822
<Content>Things you should know.... My husband, son  I decided it was time to take a special family vacation - not the typical Florida or Cape Cod excursion. We decided on Puerto Rico and the Embassy Suites. I must say that overall, the majority of the staff at the hotel were very friendly and accomodating. Breakfast comes with the room which is nice for children. The rooms were clean and when we requested things from the front desk, they were brought up immediately. The issue we had was the pool area. No one tells you that the time shares condos that are located right next to the hotel also have access to the Embassy pool. When we 1st checked in the woman told us we MUST wear our white bracelet in order to swim in the pool as it shows us as hotel guests. However, on the weekend, both Saturday  Sunday both my husband  I saw a TON of people without bracelets. There was no security anywhere! It is also very frustrating that we were paying a lot of money for cocktails from the pool bar and people all around us are drinking bottled (glass) beers from their styrofoam coolers!! While we enjoyed our time in Puerto Rico I think it is fair to say that if we went back we would NOT stay at the Embassy Suites again.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>todebald
<Content>Just poor! This was my second time in this hotel, another 2-week stay. Unfortunately that one was not up to the price paid. I had requested a golf-view room; I got one, nice although overlooking the two huge air conditioning hotel fans which are constantly working and particularly noisy. So I requested another one and was granted a room on the 3rd floor right above the ballroom. Extremely bad location, and unfortunately no other room available! Parties were going on Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday etc. with music playing until very late in the night, in fact early in the morning. Terrible when you are there for business. Neighbours in adjacent rooms were particularly noisy, which demonstrates poor room insulation. It was almost impossible to enjoy the pool which did not open until 8am (it was supposed to open as soon as 7am) and would be instantly crowded by hordes of bawling kids. In addition, the internet connection never worked in my room and was never fixed although raised to the hotel staff; and you get to pay for it every day! Breakfast quality is hardly average, and personnel at front desk were overall not really caring. Also, avoid using the laundry service, as my shirts were delivered with damaged buttons! Finally, the food in the restaurant appears to be overpriced; and so is parking. Is that because mid-May was just a bad period? I'm really unsure and was overall quite disappointed. It is unlikely I will stay there a third time, although the hotel location is great.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	3	1	1	1	

<Author>luvs2bike
<Content>Not up to Embassy Suites standards I have stayed at numerous other Embassy Suites, but this property did not live up to the standard I have come to expect from Embassy. The room was nice but nothing special, the same with the lobby. The parking lot is unpaved and shared with a golf course. The pool is shared with a timeshare resort and is packed with kids. The beach is puny, not at all what I expected from the pictures and description.A wedding was going on in one of the ballrooms, and the music played until past 2 a.m. The comp bar was very busy every night and very slow. The breakfast was good and the front desk was very helpful. The hide a bed in the living room was pathetic. My son and his wife ended up putting the mattress directly on the floor the second night. Overall, we were quite disappointed, especially considering this is supposed to be a resort.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	2	3	4	4	4	

<Author>bbdubois
<Content>Our 40th Anniversary Stay was GREAT We celebrated our 40th annivesary at the Embassy Suites Del Mar Beach and Golf Resort. We could not have been happier.Upon arrival the staff was courteous and helpful. In our room was a beautiful flower arrangement, wine, posters of welcome and congratulations on our 40th, a beautiful picture frame, and hearts on our bed.We had a oceanview room on the 6th floor that had a beatutiful view. The pools and beach were wonderful.We enjoyed the daily breakfast that was prepared as we asked and the manager's reception in the evening was great.While we were staying the Puerto Rico National Honor Society was having a convention. To find 200 or so very respectable young people who dressed very nicely and were very quite was reassuring to us of our younger generation.Keep up the great work Embassy Suites. We will look to stay in your facilities in future travels.bbdubois@msn.com  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>4q2
<Content>Dining Options I stay at this property regularly on business. The facilities are good and clean. The pool/beach area is nice. The staff is helpful and courteous. The golf course is not great but very good for a resort course. There have been a couple of reviews that mentioned poor local dining options. I disagree but know the area well. My favorite is La Terraza, an outdoor restaurant just west of the hotel. Downtown Dorado has El Ladrillo which is well known for their outstanding Spanish features and also houses a local gallery. There is a Tratoria (Italian) in the shopping center just outside the Dorado Del Mar gate that is very good Italian food. I don't think those would disappoint anyone and may not be on the hotel list. I'm sure the staff would assist with reservations or directions to any of them.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>OnondagaHill
<Content>Loved the Embassy Suites Dorado Del Mar! We stayed April 10-20th, 2008 at the Embassy Suites Dorado Del Mar. It is a beautiful hotel, with a lush courtyard and nice pool area with several pools. A haven for children! The pool and beach area had plenty of chairs at all times for you. There are some shade trees also to sit under if you wish to avoid the sun.Hotel Room: Clean as can be. This entire hotel was extremely clean. Considering all the people coming and going, the cleaning crew really kept everything spotless. The hotel rooms are spacious, the bed was the most comfortable bed stacked with at least 5 pillows. You can control the air conditioning which was nice and quiet, very comfortable. A mimi refrigerator and microwave was in the room along with 2 tv's.Driving/traveling: You need a car. There basically is nothing to do in Dorado. We went to the El Yunque Rainforest, got lost getting there because we found no sign to turn to Rt 191. I guess someone said there is a small sign that you can barely see. We visited Old San Juan, El Morro Fort, went to Barceloneta to some outlet stores, Arecibo to see the lighthouse/historic park. Paid $38 for the 4 of us. Not worth it at all, plus $2 parking. Not worth it! Found a Marshall's and KMart in a shopping mall near Catano. That was fun.Hotel Parking: They charge $7.50 a day to park your car. The parking lot is in disrepair. It is shared with the golfcourse. Several times we had to park way at the end of the parking lot. I don't mind walking that far, but having to pay for such an inconvenience is not worth it. Nothing you can do.Restaurants: We at at Oregano across the street at the golfcourse. Food was excellent and prices were good. Ate at the pool's Blue Seahorse. They offered nice spinach salads, or Ceasar salads, wraps, nachos, chicken fingers, burgers, etc. Everything we had there was good. The complementary breakfast was fabulous. They offered made-to-order omelettes with whatever veggies/cheese you would like added in. Also offered were bagels, toast, hot oatmeal, pastries, french toast, pancakes, sausage, bacon, cold cereals, fruit: bananas, grapefruit, melon, canteloupe, yogurts, apples and oranges. You could help yourself to tea, coffee, milk and soda. It was outstanding. In town there was a Ponderosa with a nice salad bar, Church's chicken, Applebee's, Pizza Hut, Subway, Burger King. We visited a local seafood restaurant down near the public beach, food was good. Aslo went to a fancier restaurant in downtown. It was pricey, but my steak was awesome.There is a grocery store (Grande) that you can walk to (about 1 mile away). They have everything. There also is a Wal-Greens for any item you may need.Staff: The staff at Embassy Suites were so very nice. You could ask them for anything and they were always most accomodating. If you need directions, the front desk will gladly help you. I can't say enough about the kindness of all the staff, from the front desk to the cleaning crew to the kitchen help to the pool towel people. All were just wonderful. My 10 year daughter really enjoyed Luis who did the children's activities. He was alot of fun with the kids.The beach area: I didn't care for the sand. It was brown and we found 2 nails and other debris including bottle caps and other sharp objects. I would recommend you bring water shoes or wear shoes when you are on the beach. The water area is ok. Don't expect that blue caribean water, it is not.Enjoy your stay here. You will enjoy Embassy Suites. I'd visit here again. I just wish one didn't have to drive so far to get to places outside of Dorado.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>msnroadwarrior
<Content>A very bad experience I will never stay there again - more problems than you know how to handle. While I would admit it is a beautiful hotel, let me tell you about the problems:1. Parking lot - wait two hours to get through the gate. Attendant was MIA2. No hot water one day3. A/C broke in room4. Filming of soap opera - pool closed, parking restricted, etc. - a major inconvenience5. Restaurant closed early - after 14 hours of flying, could not get food or drink6. Poor food the next day when I could finally get something to eat.7. Business center - one printer broke, other out of toner8. Wireless internet kept going out - the hotel said they were working on it, but three days?Never again, and I stay in hotels over 190 nights per year, over half at Hilton properties like Embassy Suites  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>teaman7478
<Content>Perfect Family Vacation Our family of 6 had a perfect vacation in Dorado. We rented a van, which was key. We enjoyed a snorkeling trip and trips to Old San Juan as well as other hotels in San Juan.Restaurants were average, but the pool  beach are perfect for a family. There are activities for the kids each day. There is a game room and ping pong. The weather was perfect. Warm, but a constant tropical breeze. The staff was always courteous. If you need to pick anything up, outside of the gated complex is a drug store, as well as numerous fast food restaurant chains.The manager's reception was a perfect way to end the day at the beach. We look forward to returning to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>bh2469
<Content>Very nice resort in Dorado, PR       Private Beach area  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>travelingmomOhio
<Content>beautiful location The hotel is beautiful and peaceful. The pool is very big although it was often full of kids. The beach is lovely and there are plenty of beach chairs for every one. The hotel lobby is typical Embassy Suites. The location is far from the hubub of San Juan which can be nice but really leaves you with only a few options for activity unless you want to deal with traffic and waste a good bit of time in your car. Also very limited choice of restaurants and no real shopping in the area. Great golf course though. The hotel has a three restaurants, one closes at 5:00pm, one isn't open on Mondays and Tuesdays, one has a pretty average menu--good but nothing to get excited about. There used to be some casinos in Dorado but they have long since closed--despite what some websites and guide books may tell you. If you stay here you will need a car or really want to just get away from everything.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>sernja2007
<Content>Loved this place, would go back tomorrow We were there for 2 weeks in August and they were still filming the Chilean soap opera! Maybe it goes on forever! It was fun watching them set up the scenes and it did not interfere at all with our stay.Lovely hotel, and the choices for restaurants in Dorado go on and on. We were a group of 7 and ate at a different place downtown every night. All restaurants in town were excellent offering the freshest seafood. Breakfast at Dorado is great, lunch by the pool is OK, dinner, eh, could do much better, go elsewhere. I don't golf, but the golf course is lovely and full of iquanas and birds. There is plenty resort area to walk around and see, they have children's activities and everyone is friendly. Only swim in the marked areas, or sea urchins can be underfoot. Bring your snorkel and some fish food to sprinkle and fish will swim all around you.My only quibble is the location of the massage room -- they have tiny room stuck in the basement in the back of the icey, cold fitness room. The Embassy suites could surely afford to create a small spa area upstairs where you could soak and have a sunlit massage. It just seems cheesy to go for a massage in a dingy basement next to an underground garage  noisy game room. Come on, Embassy Suites, get with the Spa scene!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>camroline
<Content>Good family value       catamaran trip  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>tripsiino
<Content>Dorado Beach Hotel We stayed at the hotel for 5 nights. The front desk staff was very pleasant and friendly. The hotel was very attractive. The location is great. Its a great place for families and kids. They have a lagoon pool a kids pool and a protected bay that keeps the waves minimal. The service at the poolside restaurant was very slow. One day when we ate lunch there we must have waited an hour to get our food. I think the waiter must have totally forgot our order because 30 min after we ordered he came back and told us our food would be a while. We also didn't get service of any sort for the first 15 minutes we were there and had to go to the bar and ask for service. The breakfast and happy hour are great bonuses. We did have a problem when we did some laundry on site and the maid who was cleaning the laundry room had used bleach to clean out the dryer. Our entire load was ruined. When we complained to the front desk they waived our resort fee which was nice, but that didn't really cover the loss of some of our favorite clothes, and some brand new things we had purchased just for the trip. Otherwise we had a pleasant stay and the room was spacious and clean.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>BigMacII
<Content>Nice Family Friendly Location This is our third trip to the Dorado area: one at the old Hyatt Dorado Beach (prior to children) and the last two at the Embassy Suites. As we have two your children (ages 30 months and 9 months), the Embassy Suites again lived up to our expectations. The family had a great time, as my sons loved the pool area and the abundance of other kids.Transportation: As this location is 45 minutes from San Juan without traffic, I would highly recommend renting a car. Also, the restaurants in the hotel are somewhat limited so it allows freedom of choice for dining options. There are major roadways that resemble the US road and street system. The symbols are the same but the language is in Spanish. The speed limits are posted in Miles but everything else follows the metric system. If you can drive in NY, Boston, or Philadelphia rush hour traffic you will be ok on the roads.Location: Dorado is a sleepy ocean town without much nightlife and no casinos at this time. The hotel is in a gated community in the middle of a golf course. Hotel Facilities: Standard Embassy suites room with added bonus of balcony. We were thankfully upgraded to ocean front/view room on top room that had a great view of the small beach and medium sized pool area (pool side bar, restaurant, playground, baby pool, and numerous lounge chairs). The gym is outfitted with new Precor? equipment and does focus on the aerobic stuff with limited barbells. Also, there is a game room and coin laundry in lower level area. The beach is small but really hotel use only as access to the area is limited. The beach is protected but does get rocky about 10 or 15 ft out from shore.Extras: Happy hour 5:30 to 7:30 and free breakfast is a great touch. The breakfast is a great bonus with youngsters. The General Impressions: The staff was very friendly, welcoming and helpful. It is very family friendly resort (small kids). There are area restaurants and stores for food and supplies, as I will admit the restaurants are somewhat weak. As my son is very picky, we utilized the Applebee鈥檚, Langhorne (Bayamon), and Chili鈥檚 (near Aricebo) as he seeks familiarity.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MFar
<Content>Nice place in Dorado We stayed here because we were visiting friends in the area. The hotel is fine, but it is an Embassy Suites hotel. It is not going to be a 5 star establishment. We found the English speaking staff to be very friendly and the hotel offers a wonderful breakfast. The pool area is great for the kids. What we did not like about the hotel is that it was far from many of the activities that we wanted to do. Also the hotel does have a beach, but it is not that great. There are many other better beaches in the area that one should drive to.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	2	3	4	4	3	

<Author>fromfla
<Content>I Can't Wait to go back! My husband and I flew down to PR for a long weekend to escape the winter weather. We flew into San Juan, rented a car, and drove to the Embassy Suites Dorado. The property is beautiful and well maintained. The pool area is nice and they have drinks/food available at the bar until four. The staff is extra friendly, even though we were only there for four days they all remembered us and greeted us by name by the second day. The beach is small and there is not much nightlife in the area but if you are looking for a place to relax and unwind this is it. We are going to make this trip an annual every January. You can't beat the weather and it is not too crowded.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ludlu
<Content>wasted money, vacation...misleading information - awful Given the photos on the Hilton/Embassy website one might assume that the hotel you see is the hotel you get. It is NOT. The right portion of the photo is not the hotel at all -some said it was a timeshare property. The hotel extends behind the wing you see in the photo on the right. What you get on the back side is a view of dumpsters, parking lot and beyond the homes in the distance you will see the ocean. Upon arrival and immediately upon entering the room we were shocked and disappointed. I returned to the front desk and told the staff about my numerous calls and that this was not at all what they described or what they advertised on their website photos. I lodged numerous complaints because in planning I thought I was careful and had personally phoned the 800 number and the hotel itself making sure to clarify what it was that we were seeking. Ocean, ocean view -the beach- we live in a landlocked community and wanted the beach. I was reassured that the room would have at a minimum a partial ocean view and we would be accommodated. The first evening the manager more or less told me too bad, the next morning the am manager offered to move us to the other side. There we looked over a gated community and if you sat in the right corner of the patio the beach was visible. If we could have returned to the airport and gone home w/o $$ penalty- (5 travelers) we would have. We especially wanted to leave after the day we spent traveling on a dry run to the other side of the island to set up our snorkeling and night swim outings. A long trip from Dallas this was to be our big family island vacation. The oceanfront beach offered is a miniscule bay with moss/scum on the bottom of much of the area you can walk. Likely due to the lack of movement within the man made cove. That drive to the other side of the island to do any of the things one might want to do, snorkel, deep sea fishing, ferry to other island or swim in the evening with glowing fish - well the traffic is worse than metro DC, Dallas and any other city we have lived or traveled to and the drive took us 3.5 hours one way. We were advised at the hotel that it was worse during the week. The breakfast buffet was the highlight. The servers wonderful. I have not eaten eggs since returning though. The all inclusive happy hour in California included frozen non-alcoholic drinks for the kids, not here they charged 3.50 or more for them. This is a desolate area of the island and if you want to eat anywhere but this hotel - forget about it. A deli/bakery in town is delightful but that is it. Yes they have KFC, Burger King etc. not what we went to an island to eat and even there you better be bilingual. One of our best vacations was on family business but was at the Embassy Suites in Oxnard, CA. That hotel is beautiful; staff treats you like you are in a 5 star resort. Trust that all Embassy Suites are not equal and do your homework better than I did. Also, be prepared, Puerto Rico is quite dirty and the people are not particularly friendly. Quite a shame. Too many islands too many choices I recommend you make a different selection!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	1	2	2	2	2	

<Author>dee2929
<Content>Awesome Place - Great Service- Will stay again and again.       Iguana at Hillside  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelgirl48
<Content>Just Awful First of all, I'd like to say that this was not my first stay at this property. My friends and I were return guests because we'd been so impressed with the property during our first stay. When it opened in 2003 we had been among some of its first guests. We had a great time then and very much looked forward to returning.What a difference 4 years makes. As has been mentioned by a number of reviewers here, a soap opera was being filmed during our entire stay. If I'd been alerted to the fact that the property would pretty much be monopolized by the cast and crew, I'd have chosen another property. There were times when the lobby, the restaurants, the beach, or the pool were not available to us.We also found that the restaurants and larger bar in the hotel closed at 5pm! That was definitely not the case during our first visit. There was no experienced, capable concierge available during our stay. Another disappointing change from our first visit where the concierge was knowlegeable and helpful. Apparently, all their contracts with such vendors as major car rental companies, and tour operators have been severed. We had to rent a car and drive to excursions and sites ourselves. The staff at the pool charged with dispensing towels, cleaning lounge chairs etc., needed more than retraining. They needed to be fired. They were downright rude. When we requested towels the young man on duty said in spanish to his two female co-workers Toallas grandes para las gordas. Translation: Big towels for the fat girls Unfortunately for him, 3 of the 4 of us are spanish-speaking.Add to all that the furnishings are shabby at best, the beach was absolutely filthy and they've added a playground area around the pool for children that was also filthy and needless to say that as a seasoned travel and a travel agent, I'd never recommend this property to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	2	1	2	

<Author>Travellfor3
<Content>WHAT A FIND!!!!!!!!!! Our family spent the week of Christmas here and we had a wonderful time!!! We've stayed at the Westin Rio Mar near the rain forest side of the island and also the Ritz Carlton in San Juan another time. We enjoyed ourselves just as much at the Embassy Suites Dorado and at half the price!!! The staff was wonderful and they worked so hard to accomodate you. Every morning there is a buffet breakfast with a chef who will make whatever omelet you want and this is included in your room rate. They offer complimentary happy hour each night from 5:30 to 7:30 with great beer and wine and the bartenders couldn't have been nicer, especially Jose!!!The rooms were just fine, nothing too grand but also nothing to complain about. Most importantly, our king bed wa very comfortable and our 10 yr old daughter said her pullout queen bed was also very comfortable. Each room has seperate bedroom and living room w/pullout and a fridge and microwave. Although we never used our room except to sleep, shower and change. There is a good golf course right on the property and the most beautiful course 5 mins. down the road at the Dorado Beach club that is open to the public to use.The pool is wonderful and the property grounds are beautiful with palm trees and manicured shrubs all around. The beach is small but great for swimming as the water is very calm due to the jetty that is very far out. Food was simply ok, except breakfast which was great. However, there are so many resteraunts around the area that it didn't matter. Definitely rent a car. All in all we would absolutely come back again. If it is a Spa and being waited on hand and foot then this is not the hotel for you. If it is a beautiful relaxing vacation and having to go get your drinks rather than being served them you will love it here. Never crowded and never had a problem finding a chair!!!Also, you get an hour of tennis court time free each day included in your room rate. We paid $56 over at the Westin.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>swandive208
<Content>We enjoyed our stay!       Ocean view from our room  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Phaser
<Content>Good and not so good... Went on a 3 day business trip with my wife and then a 1 day pleasure stay.The hotel overall was nice although it is showing some of its age.Some areas near the hotel were nicely designed/landscaped/maintained. BUT, other areas had a 3rd world appearance, e.g., an employee side entrance/dock and my pet peeve the guest parking lot. Parking was $7/day but guests should be paid to park there! It is absolutely 3rd world atrocious, could never pass in the US especially an Embassy Suites and ESPECIALLY an Embassy Suites that requires paid parking. To go from the parking lot to the hotel required not stepping in sizable potholes, tripping over broken/uneven pavement, soiling and wetting shoes and luggage.Check-in was disappointing--I have been a Diamond VIP for years yet am still aggravated that attention isn't paid more closely to upgrade requests per online reservations...in fact, automatic upgrades should be the norm for Diamond VIP (but isn't) despite my communication to Hilton--too much variability between hotels0. After checking in to the room, I proceeded to go back down and politely inquire for my original request of an ocean view and was graciously given another room but still an unnecessary hassle.The pool is one of the best features of the hotel (NOTE I am not much of a pool fan). It is large and sweeping with 3 different areas/levels with cascading from one to the next, with shade from palms interspersed. Water quality was very good with no obnoxious chlorine smell (which actually is an indicator of possible by-product of bacteria kills).The small beach is fairly nice with great breezes and surf since it is located on the windward side of the island.Of particular note was the entire lack of mosquitoes and bugs. [Let this be a warning--see my yet to be written piece per our stay at the Hilton in Ponce on the leeward side (southern) of the island 2 days later.]The breakfast was typical Embassy Suites level. However, a dinner meal turned out to be disappointingly bad.The manager's reception has booze but nothing of note to munch on, although the Caribbean band set up near the pool was great.The fitness room was being refurbished and I was VERY disappointed in the temporary digs with lack of equipment and not cool enough--only 1treadmill was operating--NO EXCUSE.Our room overlooked the plaza/pool/beach but noise was not a problem. The band usually quit around 11PM. We had problems with a sluggish shower and toilet drain which required maintenance 3 different times.Overall attitude and service was good but not great--I guess I am too used to great attitudes and service from Mexicans (don't bash me, my wife is a Mexican).Getting to the hotel is not easy but was tolerable in my trips between it and Arecibo about 55 miles away to the west.For 3 nights Tue.-Thur. we paid (my company) $139.99 + 7$/day parking + the usual and unusual fees/taxes. Our 4th night Fri. was $149.99 plus out of our pocket.Overall, my wife thoroughly enjoyed her time at the hotel and I did too although I have higher expectations of quality/consistency of Embassy Suites  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	2	2	1	

<Author>Over40travelclub
<Content>Disappointment I just returned from Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico is warm and friendly. I booked a week's stay at the Aquarius Vacation Club through Interval's International Getaways. The location is great as the resort is located near the ocean. However, the Aquarius Vacation Clubrooms are horrible. The interior and exterior of the resort is old and outdated. I had a good view from the room that I stayed in, rightoff the beach area. But the carpet seemed to be the same that was origially installed when the resort was built...very worn, disclored.The linen was dingy, dull and spotted. The drapes were spotted as well. The exterior doors were water stained. Mildew was in the ceilings. The floor in the bathroom was not cleaned. [hair around tubarea and dirty floors] The shower curtains were dirty at the bottom from laying on the bathroom floor that they never seem to mop. Could have been an extremely nice vacation but the place was a hole in the wall. The resort offers nothing. All the amenties, restaurant, bar, gym are in the Embassy Suites adjacent to the resort. And dont think that you will be given the same privileges as the Embassy guest. That's right don't expect free breakfast nor the happy hour if you are a guest at the Aquarius Vacation Club. The two places share a pool, beach and common areas. I changed my room after check in but itdid not make a difference. Even though I was advised that the Aquarius Vacation Club was completely booked during my week's stay, It was not up to the standards that I expected. It is worn and unkept  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>daisytcam
<Content>beautiful location spent the last week in August in Dorado with my sister and niece and we could not have been happier with the look and location of the hotel. I did not give it an excellent rating only because we were limited in restaurant choices on the property (could have been due to the slow season) but the italian rest. was closed so we only had one to choose from for dinner and that is where they hold the breakfast buffet at so nothing fancy. They do have a strip mall right at the gate of the property with a mcdonalds, burger king, kfc etc. and the 24 hour walgreen right across the way is a godsend. lolThe hotel is immaculate inside and out, very helpful staff everywhere we went and the pool overlooking the beach ws sheer bliss. From what little we could see of the golf course, it was beautiful.Rent a car if you are staying there as it is away from the sites. We got an excellent package with priceline and since i know the island, i would stay at this property again.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>edgar9867
<Content>Filming soap opera, everything closed Nice hotel but right now they have been filming a soap opera for 8 months and will continue to do so until the end of March 2007. Pools have been closed, beach has been closed, lobby completely blocked. No activities allowed if filming close to pool, beach or lobby. Last day there they actually closed the outside pool bar/restaurant for filming. You are notified about this at check in and not before. So far a restricted vacation this is the place to go. Ladrillo restaurant in town was fabulous.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>oconn11
<Content>Not for Tourists or Travelers       Ruined clothes  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	2	

<Author>Vacationer45
<Content>Could be better I was suprised by the issues at this embassy suites hotel since I had always been happy with other embassy suite hotels. During our stay, the pool, beach and other hotel grounds were crowed with locals who had purchased a time share that is contained on the hotel grounds. Not only where there no chairs for hotel guests, the pool was crowded and the time share representatives were circling the area pushing their sales pitch to weary guests. Hotel guests had to pay for daily parking-not free with your room. Our room was not cleaned by houskeeping until approx. 7:00 in the evening. Although some of the staff were friendly, many were not. We had no internet service during our stay, no room keys, and never recieved an itemized bill as promised. I have stayed in many hotels on the lovely island of Puerto Rico, and would never stay at the Embassy Suites, Dorado again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	2	1	

<Author>azifeyekare
<Content>Ugh.... This trip was not all bad, but the negatives do out weigh the positives.First, you do need a rental car to get around, but be wary of the drivers, because they will cut across a 4 lane highway without signaling once. On the positive, the hotel is very beautiful and we had a wonderful view of the Atlantic. The staff is very friendly and polite for the most part and the cheesecake was to die for. On the negative side when we checked in at 4:30pm, we had to wait an additional 90 minutes because it wasnt ready. They were filming a Chilean soap opera right above us, so every morning we would wake at 7am to banging and noise above us. I have to agree with the other reviewer that the place felt like it was overrun with locals. It was packing with local business people from Merck and the hotel seemed to cater to them first. Several times, the Paradise Cafeteria was closed off to host their events. On Thursday night, the Merck people had a reception in a conference room that we could hear on the 4th floor. When we called to the front desk, they acted as if they didnt know what we were talking about and told us that they checked with the room right below us and didnt hear anything. Hello? Anyone in the lobby could have heard it. So my girlfriend and I decided to get dressed and join the Merck party. Why not? They were too wasted to care. Their was no conceirge the entire week. We had to enlist the help of local waiters to plan our trips to Cuomo and El Yunque. Be advised that the Blue Seahorse bar closes at 5pm. So if you want a frozen beverage or food and you are by the pool, you have to dry off, get dressed and go inside to the Calypso bar. And the manager reception does not include frozen drinks. The bottom line was that this experience could have been alot better. The hotel is beautiful, but management needs to get on the ball.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>1	3	3	4	3	2	3	2	

<Author>Becky826
<Content>Stay at the Embassy was great! We are a family of 5. Our stay at this resort was wonderful. Their complementary breakfast was great. Pool and entertainment was also good. The staff is very friendly and helpful. You definately need to rent a car to get around to outside restaurants.The room was clean and beds very comfortable. Only down side was the beach. It was not very clean. Good for tanning only or maybe a quick dip. I definately recommend it to families with young children.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>TK_DC
<Content>Dependable, Comfortable, Family Friendly If you are a fan of Emabassy Suites (I am) then you wont be dissapointed. Good breakfests, free happy hour and two room suites. Not posh, but comfortable and nice. Nice beach, nice pool, freindly staff.Family Friendly!The only downside is that the drinks (when it's not happy hour) are pricey. You'll need a car to get around to local restuarants: Avoid La Terriza, but thumbs up for the Tratoria and the Zen Garden.Another plus is a Walgreens and a 'Grande' supermarket right outside the property. Last note: They are currently shooting a soap opera on location. Once and a while, it was momentarily inconvienient.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>buchito
<Content>Excellent stay and good entertainment       bed settings  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MyaOl
<Content>Quick Overview on Embassy Hotel is nice. It鈥檚 a suite so you get two rooms. One is a dining\living room with its on kitchenette (microwave and mini fridge), The other your bedroom. Overall the rooms were clean. Not spotless but good enough.Beach is public so it was not as clean as I would have liked to see it. Although it鈥檚 public, there鈥檚 really no access to outside people. The reason I think its made public is because the hotel is linked to a time share called Aquatics so you get the people from there as well. The beach is very small and narrow. The water was calm. The down fall of the time share is that you get more people than you need to while you are vacationing. Beware that you will get asked to join. If you sit and listen to them talk for about three hours (yes three hours) you get a $100.00 gift certificate to a restaurant and a two night stay at another location. Breakfast is huge. Choice of eggs, bacon, hash brown, sausages, omelets (cooked to order), farina, pastries etc.. Manager Reception, free drinks at the bar from 05:30-7:30pm. Be ready to wait in a LONG line. There is also popcorn and nachos for the kids. Nice atmosphere because it鈥檚 near the pool and they usually have live music.The restaurant across is horrible. It鈥檚 called Oregano and it鈥檚 a wanna be Italian. Great service but not the best food. But hay it was free with our voucher. RESORT FEEAllot of travelers complained about an additional fee on this web site. I learned that if you book through Travelocity it鈥檚 already included in the price. If you book with hotel.com or expedia- the hotel charges you once you arrive. You may want to contact the hotel direct to confirm what carrier charges what.Parking.We had to pay $7.00 a day to park our car. Most if not every hotel I ever stayed at, parking was included. As a guest, I don鈥檛 see why you should have to pay to park your car. SurroundingsYou'll find within a 5 minute DRIVE, a taco bell, KFC, McDonalds, Wendy鈥檚 etc.. There is also a supermarket and a Walgreen鈥檚 within the same distance. Old San Juan is about 30 minutes away and so is the airport.Overall nice time, it鈥檚 all about what you make out of it. So as long as you are surrounded by good friends and family everything else doesn鈥檛 really seem to be that big of a deal.Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>mayapr99
<Content>Love the Embassy at Dorado We just returned from the Emb. at Dorado. It was a perfect stay. The staff was helpfull and friendly. The hotel was spotless, the rest was gourmet, try the crusted sea bass on mango sauce.The beach is protected and very clean. It is a hotel for relaxing.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SCChuck
<Content>Will stay here again This is a great hotel with a lot to offer. The rooms are spacious and clean. You should have a view of either the ocean or golf course. The complementary breakfast (cooked to order) and manager's reception (free drinks) really added value to this vacation getaway. The pool was very nice, but often crowded and the beach was protected and calm. There are two different hotel restaurants for dinner but one is closed on Sunday night and the other is closed on Mon-Tues nights. The food was good and reasonably priced at both restaurants. The poolside grill was also very good and we found we could share their large Cuban sandwhich and fries and have more than enough for lunch (after stuffing ourselves at breakfast).The only real downside to this hotel is the $65 cab fare from the airport or downtown. All we wanted to do was relax at the pool and beach so the free drinks and breakfast quickly paid for the taxi ride.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>vliza
<Content>Wonderful Experience At The Embassy       atrium  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nena8173
<Content>Gorgeous hotel! Loved the Private beach! This hotel was beautiful  great for the price! I booked my stay in a hotel in San Juan that was $150 a night  we got there  it was a roach motel/casino. So we cancelled our stay  complained  the guy said hey what do u expect for $150 a night in San Juan? So I was like lets stay in another town, my husband is from PR, so he took me to Dorado  we founf the Hyatt  it was about $500 a night  the security guard told us Embassy suites was much cheaper  better! So we went  he was right! It was less than $200 a night for a great room, a suite, actually with a balcony  a lving room/kitchen. It had a lounge/bar downstairs w/ live salsa bands playing on the wkend  a pool  jacuzzi outside w/ a poolside bar/grill  a private beach  outside by the pool there was palm trees  tables  at night you can listen to the 'coqui' tree frogs sing.  there was a private beach past the pool, plus restaruants on site. It was amazing!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lopez277
<Content>Great Experience We travelled to Puerto Rico a few weeks ago and stayed at this hotel. I must say...we had a wonderful time. I travelled with my two girlfriends and just needed to get away from our kids! We arrived a few hours before check-in and were accomodated quickly. We found the Staff to be attentive and courteous. We rented a car, so we travelled a bit around the island. The hotel staff was helpful in recommending restaurants and locations nearby. We felt safe in the area. Not too far from San Juan but just far enough to relax. Happy hour was a hit!  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>unicorn3
<Content>nice hotel, but limited My wife and I and two kids (22  14) just returned from a week at this hotel. (We encountered several days of rainy weather, but I won't let that affect my hotel review.) Overall, the hotel was fine--room clean, staff friendly and helpful, nice pool. However, there are some definite limitations I wish I had know beforehand. First off, the beachfront is very small, perhaps the equivalent of a block long. Second, anytime you want to travel to the east (e.g., Fajardo, El Yunque), you have to pass San Juan going and coming, and the traffic is awful. Third, there are no water sports or other lesiure activities at the hotel, except for golf and tennis. On the plus side, the breakfast that is included was fine and filling, and the free happy hour drinks from 5:30-7:30 were also much enjoyed. For dinner, however, the on-site restaurants were so-so. In our two visits, it seemed we could either get good food or good service, but not both at the same time. However, the front desk recommended a number of good restaurants nearby. Also, they provided preprinted index cards with directions to various tourist attractions, which was very helpful. For those who are not confident drivers, be advised that driving in PR can be a challenge. Drivers rarely use signals, often tailgate, and love to cut in and out of lanes. On the other hand, we never saw a single accident, so it appears that the natives are accustomed to this style of driving.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Tripp'sDad
<Content>I'd say average beach resort Due to the new passport regulations we booked this trip to Puerto Rico. Overall the resort was fine. Family of 4 enjoyed a week's vacation of fun in the sun. The hotel was clean and in nice condition although some of the grounds needed better care. Around the perimeter of the resort we noticed more trash under bushes than one would expect. My wife and I were a bit disappointed with the beach because it was so short. We like to take long walks on the beach. The pool area was spacious and we never had any problems finding chairs. The hot tub did get a little crowded on a few occassions, but it was manageable. I thought the pool side bar was a bit expensive. $6.50 for a Pina Colata with rum, $5.50 without. Breakfast and afternoon receptions were perfect.The golf course was in great shape. The adult rental clubs were top quality however they didn't have any junior rental clubs for my son. They did piece together 3 or 4 very old pieces of junk so that he could join me.We took cabs everywhere we went. Typical round trip ran $16. We encountered a wonderful cab driver, Louis Rosado - [--]. He provided wonderful history of the island, culture, buildings and people. He was very reliable. $60 fare from the hotel to the airport. I'd highly recommend his service. We'd call him, or have the restaurant call when we ordered dessert and he be there when we paid the bill.Staff (and infact all locals we encountered!) were very nice.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	2	

<Author>get-out-of-the-cold
<Content>Overrun Overrun sums up this place pretty well. This is a nice property but it is attached to a time share and believe me, these time shares get used. It looks like lots of locals buy them and use them with their extended families. This place was packed. A number of times I looked over at the hot tub and there were so many people in there that every seat was taken and people were standing in the middle. Fortunately the pool is big enough to absorb the masses. Getting a chair can be kind of difficult but we could always get one. It is also expensive. Expect to pay top dollar for drinks and food by the pool. And don't forget the 8% resort fee on top of the 9% tax rate for your room.The servce was very good. The breakfast was outstanding and they can really handle the traffic well. I never stood in line long. The free drinks from 5:30 to 7:30 nightly were great. The lines for food and drinks probably weren't as busy because the timeshare people cannot take part in that.The property was clean and nice. The rooms are spacious and clean.The parking situation is kind of crazy but workable.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>egerstan
<Content>The Embassy Suites Dorado, ok but not outstanding We were looking for a place to spend spring break with my daughter that also offered golf. We found a deal with Embassy Suites through AAA. Overall I would say the hotel itself was fine; there is a nice private beach, pretty pool area and the staff is helpful. We enjoyed the breakfasts (more than enough choice) and the poolside restaurant but felt somewhat limited in dinner choices. Because the hotel is so far from the town, not walking distance, you either have to drive to a local restaurant or eat onsite. The Italian restaurant is only ok and the Paradise restaurant seemed overpriced and more than we would want for most nights. But the room was comfortable, the hotel well maintained and absolutely no one was on the golf course. It's about a 40 minute drive into old San Juan and we went a couple of times which was fun. All in all, ok, not great.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>chris92
<Content>Good Stayed there the first weekend in March.The Good:Nice room, great balcony, good pool, decent beach, hot breakfast included, clean.The Not So Good: My reservation said all taxes included  low and behold an 8% tax at check in (resort fee). The reservation was made through the Hilton website. The food at the pool bar  the restaraunt was sub-par. Drinks were around $7 (8oz)  strictly poured. The bartenders are in no hurry to get that drink to you quickly  yes I did tip. My room wasn't made up until after 4:00 every day. You'll need to rent a car (beware) or take a taxi to do anything outside the resort.The Low Down:I guess it was almost worth the money. We stayed for 3 nights and were definitely ready to go. Driving in PR is nuts. Get the insurance if you go that route  avoid rush hour if possible. If we were to go again, I would get something closer to San Juan or another place that had better choices of restaraunts near by or in the hotel. Though, El Ladrillo was very good. About $100 for two.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>papi1096
<Content>Family Fun Family friendly. Stayed 1 week in Feb 2007 during school vacation. 2 adults 3 children. A little difficult to find. Hotel at the end off a private road in a gated community. Beach front property, private beach, hot tub and swimming pools, suites are roomy and very clean. Hot breakfast included. A little exspensive paid about $300 a night. At ck out was charged another fee some type of room tax that was not included in the room rate. I think it was about 8% of room rate a night. also parking is 10 a day.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	5	3	

<Author>NYLiam
<Content>Nice Hotel, Good Value               
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>heleneroper
<Content>Wedding and stay at the Embassy Suites I was married at the Embassy Suites on Dec. 8, 2006. My now-husband and I worked with a travel agent who made all the arrangements for us. We had about 50 people come with us for the wedding - and everyone loved it! I was a bit apprehensive after reading the reviews on here, but I can honestly say it was a beautiful, perfect experience. Most of our guests stayed in the hotel proper - and I would definitely recommend that, as the few people who stayed in the other part were not quite as happy with their rooms or service. We thought our room was very clean, very well serviced and had a great view of the ocean. We never smelled anything musty or had any problems. When we rang for something to be brought, it was brought almost immediately. The breakfast was a great perk - and we didn't encounter many of the problems other posters have talked about. The manager's special (2 hours free drinks) was a wonderful way for us and our guests to begin our night. We (and some of the guests) arrived on Monday and other guests arrived throughout the week. We were married on Friday. After our reception ended, the wedding party moved out to the lobby where there was a live band - we partied until 3 am! The only downside was that there was not a wedding coordinator who worked with me on the day of the wedding; luckily, I'm very laid back and was able to work around this. Not all brides would have been this way. We were married on the beach overlooking the ocean and in my mind, it doesn't get any better than that. I definitely believe that everyone who was with us would not hesitate in booking a trip back here. I will say that the weekend got very crowded with kids in the pool, etc, but up until that point it was perfect. Also, a car is probably a good thing to have. We walked to Pee-Wee one night and it wasn't a bad walk, but not everyone would be up for that. We also made friends with one of the taxi drivers and he made sure to assist us, taking different groups to Old San Juan, San Juan, and some of the local restaurants. I would definitely recommend this property to anyone who asked me.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BoricuaBoston
<Content>Loved It! My wife and I stayed at the Embassy Suites Resort in Dorado it was a little hard to find at first, but when we finally got there it was nice. It鈥檚 a beautiful place nothing fancy but very comfortable, the room was big and the balcony roomy The rooms and bathroom are very clean. The staff was exceptionally friendly they went out of their way to make the most out of your stay. There鈥檚 not much around I would suggest a car. If you have a car there is Walgreen鈥檚, Pizza Hut and maybe McDonald鈥檚 or something like that close by. The pool was very nice and right next to the beach. There鈥檚 a game room and the manager鈥檚 nightly reception was a nice perk (free drinks from 5:30-7:30PM). On a scale from 1 to 10 I would rate this hotel an 8. It鈥檚 worth the money. There are two restaurants I only ate at one of them. The food was good but not a lot to choose from. I鈥檓 not sure if there was a kid鈥檚 menu. We loved it and most definitely will be back.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelLover3
<Content>Awful Service This place looks good in pictures, but after you deal with the service  maintenance issues, you'll have a different impression. Our group waited HOURS (yes, more than 1) to be checked in (this was after the check-in time!), encountered horrible service at all of the bars  restaurants (not only incompetent but rude), and the facilities were not well-maintained. The photos provided look nice, but they're probably at least several years old. Everyone in our group is easy to please, yet we were all ready to leave after just one night's stay. Luckily, we were able to find rooms at a different resort outside of San Juan, and the trip was saved!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Danaljes
<Content>It is not a resort I went to the Embassay Suites and I expected a resort. When I walked in the door, I felt like I was in a motel. The lobby and the room smelled very musty. The hotel was full of locals and we left after an hour. The pictures on line make this hotel look much better then it was. If you are looking for a motel, it would be fine. This property is not a resort.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	1	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>WanderingPencil
<Content>Dorado Del Mar Was Decent We spent a week at the Dorado Del Mar between Christmas and New Year's. Overall, it was a great way to spend a vacation. The hotel was clean and well-maintained and the staff was friendly and accommodating. Our room was also clean and generally well-maintained. We stayed in a king suite. The king bed was very comfortable and seemed to be fairly new. I cannot say the same thing about the sleeper sofa in the living area where our daughter slept. That was sadly in need of replacement. As a sofa, the cushions were flat and rock-like. When the bed was opened the mattress was also hard and lifeless. Housekeeping (or maintenance) was very accommodating and brought up another sleeper sofa mattress, which helped for the time we were there.The breakfast buffet included with the room was generally decent, really typical breakfast buffet type food, but perhaps could have been warmer. The restaurants associated with the hotel were okay. We ate there a couple nights, when we didn't feel like heading elsewhere. Oregano, in the golf course clubhouse across the driveway, had reasonably priced Italian food and tasted much like a Fazoli's or Olive Garden may. The food at the restaurant in the hotel was okay, as hotel food goes. Not great, just okay.The beach in front of the hotel was pretty nice, but could have used just a little more maintenance. Since some guests apparently couldn't be bothered with picking up after themselves after finishing their food and drinks, there was litter that could have been cleaned up. Maybe if they had a few more garbage cans, people would get the message? But, on the other hand, the pool and hot tub were very nice.The Dorado Del Mar golf course was an enjoyable lay-out, but the sand traps could have used some sand. I expected the traps to be wet, as there was scattered light rain daily while there, but they looked like they had not had any sand in them for a long while and missed the upkeep I would expect from a course that charges $108 a round.As a side note, we made a couple of trips into Old San Juan, about a 35-40 minute drive away in our rental car. We visited El Morro and ate at Buren. I can't tell you what the address was, as we came across it as we were wandering around, but the food we had was excellent and would recommend giving it a try.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>pickatty
<Content>Nice relaxing week, even at high season       View from patio  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>xmascookies
<Content>all around excellent choice My family traveled to Puerto Rico over the Thanksgiving holiday, staying for a week at the Embassy Suites in Dorado. We had a terrific experience. To a number, the staff was warm and helpful. The suite was spacious enough for our family of four. Having breakfast included in the rate was convenient and ultimately saved us some money. The hotel has series of pools, some of which are shaded as the day passes so guests need not be in the sun all day. In addition, there is a small ocean beach with a very minimal undertow, so children and elderly guests are able to enjoy it. Although there are more beautiful beaches on the Caribbean side, this was perfect for a family. Each hour, there's also a short children's program on the beach which is a welcome diversion for the kids and gives them an opportunity to make friends. We enjoyed the hotel so much, we spent three full days just enjoying the beach and pools. We also visited El Yunque and old San Juan which are some distance from the hotel. There are ferries from Catano, which is short drive from the hotel, but they were are in repair during our visit. Driving in and out of San Juan is not for the faint hearted. Give me Boston or LA! Although most hospitality employees are bilingual, others are not. It's prudent to have know at least a modicum of basic Spanish for the inevitable times that you find yourself lost in the city.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jimny
<Content>OK for families but there are problems I spent Thanksgiving week 2006 with my family at the Embassy Suites in Dorado Beach, Puerto Rico. The hotel is a typical suites arrangement, with breakfast and a cocktail hour included in the price of $235/night. The breakfast food is passable but certainly not restaurant quality. The only food arrangement worth noting is the Blue Seahorse bar/grill at the pool, where lunch is available from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. The food here is tasty and the portions are large, and an idea is to eat a large (if mediocre) breakfast and then do dinner at the pool bar/grill before it closes.The hotel has a very nice beach and a beautiful series of interconnected pools. There are pool toys and floats that can be bought or rented, and many people simply stay at the water all day. Other activities include tennis ($10/hour) which I did twice, and golf (which I did not do). The two tennis courts are in mediocre condition and not terribly well maintained. Noise is a big problem at this hotel. Once or twice a week there is a band playing in the center atrium until nearly midnight, and there is no escaping the sound. This is an odd situation because there are so many young children as well as several golfers who want to play early in the morning when it鈥檚 cooler. For private events the hotel has a ballroom; be sure your room is not over that facility because the noise and vibration from the music are astonishing and will make you very unhappy.The local shopping is all fast food and typical of low level U.S. shopping centers (e.g., the nearby strip center has a Western Auto), and it is over one mile away. You must rent a car near the airport; do not consider using a limo service to the hotel (as some guests did) because you will be totally stranded. This is a particular problem at dinner time, because there is only one restaurant (upscale) open every night and an Italian restaurant open Wednesdays through Sundays.The best attraction in Puerto Rico may be the rain forest (El Yunque) but it is nearly two hours away past San Juan. The roads and entrances are poorly marked and you should assume that most of a day will be spent going to/from and at this activity. By the way, the directions provided by the hotel were mostly wrong; instead, get a map. Of course, the architecture of Old San Juan itself is fascinating and worth a day trip, although many of the lovely homes have been turned into tourist shops. In summary, the Embassy Suites Dorado Beach is marginally acceptable for the price and for those looking for a family friendly resort. Many of the staff understood this mission; some did not and that made for a few unpleasant moments. If you want sun and water, this may be a reasonable choice. If you want more activities, access to fine dining and culture, luxury or quiet, this may not be your best choice.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>mscuilla
<Content>Great Value The resort is a great place, especially when you take into account what you get for your money! The rooms are great spacious suites for the great price. The pool area is great and real close to a good, not great, beach area. The beach is not as small as other reviews stated. The golf course has a great layout with the back nine being much better than the front. My only comnplaint was they had an outing one day and would not let any guests go out! Saturday morning is very busy and I could not get a tee time early even though when I called from home they said the course would be empty and to just walk on. The course is also over priced, but I guess not for an island resort course. The resaurants at the resort did not look that great (although we did not opt to eat at them), but we got great reviews of other places from tripadvisor's other reviews and loved El Ladrillo and El Marinos. We got a recommendation about a place Alberto's and found it to be average at best. But the other two places were great. The breakfast was awesome. Some people criticized it, I don't know why. They cooked hot omelets or eggs, fresh pancakes and had waitresses asking if you needed anything - just ask for them to reheat your food and it was done. Fresh fruit, cereal, bagels, pasties, french toast, etc... I figure about a $40 value for free. Also the cocktail two hours was great - free cocktails (everything but frozen drinks). Really a nice deal to get a few drinks before dinner and keep from spending another $40 a night at dinner on drinks. We would definitely go back, especially with our yound kids. This time was a nice romantic getaway.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Azahares
<Content>Impressive!       Peek of the ocean from our balcony  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>54kerry
<Content>Good choice for families Our family of 4 (including a 3 year old and an infant) stayed at the Embassy Suites in Dorado in March 2006. We have traveled rather extensively, and were content with our accommodations and the property in general. The room itself was absolutely fine - spacious, with a nice balcony and a water view. It worked very well for our needs. The hotel had a very nice pool area which we all enjoyed, including a nice wading pool for the kids. The beach area was perfect for our little ones, though the lack of waves might bother some. We generally went out and about during the mornings and returned to the hotel mid-afternoon to relax at the pool  beach, which worked out very well - the pool and beach were rarely crowded. The location of the hotel was good in that typically we didn't get stuck in too much traffic when we were headed out (either to El Yunque, San Juan or Arecibo), versus others we know who have stayed closer to San Juan who've experienced a lot of frustration with the traffic. The ferry from near the Bacardi factory made the trip into Old San Juan an absolute breeze (at least once we found the ferry terminal). Our primary complaint with the hotel was the food, as also mentioned in other reviews. The restaurant within the hotel was very bland and uninteresting, and the Italian restaurant across the street wasn't very exciting either (and quite frankly, when in PR I really don't need to eat Italian food). The breakfast was convenient but unexciting - the lack of fresh juices and fruit was surprising. We did venture out a few times to other restaurants in the area, but none I'd really recommend. The most authentic, interesting food we had was in Old San Juan at a little luncheonette called Cafe Manolin - inexpensive, tasty and very friendly service, filled with locals. But we never found anything similar in the Dorado area. That said, if we needed to be in the Dorado area again, I'd return to the Embassy Suites, especially if we had the kids with us - you just can't beat the convenience, and overall we enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Ama12
<Content>Poor staffing The place and the rooms are visibly beautiful but the service is quite poor. The just have one or two men for help w baggage, the service in the inside restaurant is slow and the food is not great. The restaurant on the front Oregano is really good. They tend to over book. The room service is always late, and the worse when I arrive home I notice they robbed me some personal things.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>2	4	4	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>becky47
<Content>Excellent stay at the Embassy Suites, Dorado Del Mar Just returned from a stay at the Embassy Suites in Dorado. We chose it because it was away from the city and could accomodate 3 adults with ease. We had a room with a view of the ocean and we could hear the waves at night. The staff is the most professional we've encountered at an Embassy Suites. Whenever we had a concern it was addressed immediately. The grounds are well maintained and immaculate. The sound of the couquis at night are relaxing. The breakfast is excellent.The first day there my daughter and I relaxed on the beach while my husband swam in the ocean. We ate in the hotel restaurant on the first night and our waiter gave us great tips on where to eat on the island. The parking was fine. Even with several conferences my husband always found parking. This hotel was a great base to explore both sides of the island. It usually took us no more than 1/2 hour to get to Old San Juan and about the same time to get to Camuy Cave.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tomsak
<Content>Nice hotel for families Just returned from a family vacation to Puerto Rico. 4 of us, 2 preteen girls. We stayed here on 8/1-2 and then switched over to the Westin Rio Mar by plan. See that review separately.This hotel offers what many families have come to love about Embassy Suites...a large clean suite where the sofabed can serve as separate sleeping quarters, the fridge and microwave, 2 TVs. It is a resort but don't expect, well, the Westin Rio Mar.The breakfast buffet is fine, gets very crowded at prime time (9am), but well below the standards of many U.S. Embassy Suites locations in terms of the variety offered. For a Caribbean island, I would have at least expected some fresh fruit (nowhere to be seen) as well as fresh juices. The OJ came out of a mixer nozzle warm and was undrinkable. Add your own ice from a bucket touched by the hands of hundreds. The Manager's Reception was fine and on par with most Embassy Suites. They charge $7 for parking which is a bit much. (Definitely rent a car wherever you go in PR for flexibility and excursions). $10 charge for wireless Internet as well unless you are a Hilton Honors member. The grounds were very nice, good pool, nice clean beach but small and protected by rock jetties. This cuts down the waves for the littles ones but detracts from the ocean feel. However, it is quite a nice setting. There is not much else to do at the resort, no scheduled resort activities. The golf course looked just OK, too hot to play in my opinion. You don't get the trade winds here to the same extent as in Rio Mar which is more exposed to the easterlies. The staff was very nice, friendly and accomodating.About the locals...for a mid-week stay, the place was indeed very crowded at the pool with local Puerto Ricans on vacation. There is an attached time share building called Aquarius which must pack them in and they get to use the hotel facilities. Americans were most definitely in the minority. It does calm down at night.Bottom line, for the slow season, you can work a much better deal at the Westin Rio Mar and experience a true resort vacation. I am just glad we stayed at the Embassy Suites first before the Westin as my family would probably still not be talking to me.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Livin-in-the-moment
<Content>Great time in Puerto Rico       from the beach  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>okislander
<Content>Great for the KIds We had a pleasant experience at the Embassy Suites Dorado Del Mar. We selected this resort due to its close proximity to golf courses. We also were traveling with our two boys ages 4 and 1. The pools were wonderful for the children and the spacious rooms were a plus. The beach was a bit of a disappointment due to the seaweed but the boys enjoyed playing in the sand and we didn't have to worry about them being knocked over by large waves. The free breakfast and the managers receptions were nice and we were always able to find a place to sit. Drinks at the pool bar were very good and reasonably priced for a resort. My favorites were the Mudslide and the Dorado Vice.Now, for the negatives. During the weekend the pools were very crowded with locals, the clientele was not what you would typically find at a resort. On Mondays all restuarants in Dorado are closed except for the fast food. Restuarant choices in the area are limited but we did have a great meal at La Morenas. There is also no good shopping in the area and San Juan is at least 45 min drive. While in PR we did visit the El Yunque Rainforest and El Morro. We enjoyed them both. The rainforest is a bit of a drive (about 11/2 hours). I would recommend visiting both if you have time. According to the golfers in the group, the Dorado del Mar course was okay but they really enjoyed one of the courses at the Hyatt. Although the Hyatt is closed, the golf courses are still open.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>pattism
<Content>Pros and cons... Our overall experience was positive at the Embassy Suites and we knew what to expect based on the reviews posted here. Overall, it was clean, there were no problems checking in or waiting for things, felt the staff was very attentive. The rooms are spacious, very comfortable beds and clean. The daily breakfast was good ( a little too lukewarm sometimes but not bad), some prepared food or you could wait for cook to order. There was a line but it moved quickly. We didn't like that on weekdays breakfast ended at 9:30-my 3 teenagers didn't like getting up that early on a family vacation. Weekends it ended at 10:30. The managers reception at 5:30-7:30 daily was very nice-free drinks...they say 2 but noone checks. Food and drinks by the pool were very good, priced as you would expect at a resort. The pool area is beautiful...multi-level pool with waterfall edge on the beach side. The beach is so-so-it is somewhat manmade as it is lagooned off by a jetty wall. This caused seaweed to accumulate in it once you got 30 feet out so that was a turnoff to some. Not a long expanse of Caribbean beach if that is what you are looking for (if so, go to the Westin--beautful hotel and beach). The major complaint we had with the hotel was that it seemed very crowded with local resident people. Seems like they must use it as a pool club or offer incentive rates during the summer because it seemed to be 90% local residents and 10% visiting travelers when we were there. Made it very crowded and a bit loud.Also, we felt the choices for dining out in the area were not good. Went to La Terrazza, 2 out of 5 meals were passable, 1 was good, 2 were not edible. Other area restaurants were closed one night unless you want fast food. Had to travel to Bayamon for dinner one night. We stayed here because my husband had to work in SanJuan...if we could stay anywhere we would try the Westin next time. Looked beautiful although previous reiews of it were not so positive.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>GROFREE
<Content>April vacation week Found this website extremely helpful in deciding to stay at this property so I thought I would return the favor and post a review. Overall, this property was great. We were there during Massachusetts April vacation week, which also coincided with Easter weekend. We arrived on Good Friday, a major holiday on PR, so a lot of things were closed. Check in had the potential to be slow but my husband is a Hilton Honor member so we got to use that line and it made check in a little quicker. The property was sold old for Easter weekend. It was about as crowded as you could get. We tried to hit breakfast by 8:30 and never had a problem getting a table. Mostly it's a buffet, if you order an omlet or fried eggs, that will be the hottest part of the meal, everything else is pretty much luke warm. Having read the reviews we went to the pool after breakfast and reserved 3 chairs. By noon on Sat and Sun. I'm not sure there was a lounge to be had. The rest of the week was busy, but not like Easter weekend. We ate at El Ladrillo, as recommended by others, and it was a great dinner. Expect to pay $100 for dinner for 3. Our other favorite restaurant was Morena, again $100 for three. Atmosphere was terrific, presentation superb. Take a right out of the gate and take the road along side the Gulf station. We actually ate at Morena twice, picking it as our favorite restaurant for our last night on PR. Manager recommended Las Brasas, Argentinian steakhouse. Don't waste your time, no atmosphere and the food was mediocre at best. PeeWees was a good lunch spot and had dinner there as well. La Terraza was very good, but not as good as El Ladrillo or Morena. Oregano was ok, we went there on our first night. Other restaurant at Embassy Suites seemed to always have a themed buffet for $25-$28. Not a big buffet fan. Never made it to the Hyatt, casino seems to be closed at this point.Ask at the check in desk for a map of the area. They have one with all the local restaurants and grocery store...we didn't get on until about day 5, when we asked for a restaurant recommendation. It would have been very helpful earlier in the week.Bacardi rum tour was fun, better than we expected. Comes with 2 free cocktails.Old San Juan, a good day trip. We experienced a lot of frustration with the traffic. Tried to get several places and got stuck in traffic for 60-90 minutes and would give up. The manager's cocktail hour 5:30-7:30 was more than welcome on those days!Found everyone to be very friendly. Most people spoke English without a problem and were helpful when we forced our 16 year old to use some of her Spanish! I wouldn't hesitate to stay at this property again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gvf
<Content>Loved It!!! Just returned from Spring Break and I have to say that I have visited many places throughout the U.S. but this was one of the BEST!!Puerto Rico is a BEAUTIFUL island with MANY things to do and see. We were only there for four nights and that was definitely not enough time. You defintely want to RENT a car if you want to see other parts of the island getting around can be a bit challenging but be patient. The hotel offers directions to every attraction. But be ALERT because signs are not posted clearly and traffic is CRAZY!!!!Our hotel was a bit distant from many attractions but it was nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of San Juan. Being from a big city myself I definitely did not want to be anywhere that reminded me of home. And yes parking at the hotel is $7 a day but who cares you're on vacation. It's not an all-inclusive resort so don't expect all the perks.The hotel is primarily a FAMILY hotel. So if you are on your honeymoon I do not recommend you stay there. There are kids everywhere. Which was great for us because we have a 7 and a 9 year old. The hotel was CLEAN with a beautiful beach that was very safe for the kids. The pools were GREAT. The restaurants were quite PRICEY but that was expected. It was nice to have the complimentary breakfast which offerered EVERYTHING and it was not crazy at all. We were seated immediately and we always arrived after 8am.The managers special was a TREAT as well. It ran for two hours which was plenty for my husband and I.I HIGHLY recommend this hotel to any FAMILY. Overall it was a WONDERFUL experience my family LOVED it and we would deinitely return.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great family vacation We just returned from our 4 night stay at the Embassy Suites and I can't say enough about it. We went with our 2 kids (2 1/2 and 9 months) and it was a perfect place for us. The price is extremely reasonable and includes breakfast and a manager's reception. The breakfast was more then adequate, I don't know what some people possibly expect. They had everything from eggs and pancakes to yogurt and cereal. We never hit the crowd because our kids are early risers, so we were usually eating by 8:30 am. Besides, you're on vacation, so take it slow!The pool and beach are perfect for kids. We weren't a bit nervous about letting our 2 1/2 year old run from the kiddie pool to the zero entry larger pool. And the beach is so calm that he had his freedom there too. My 9 month old napped in the shade of his stroller and then took a dip in the pool with a floatie we brought from home. You can rent floaties by the pool for $15/day or $5 for an hour. Then we would eat lunch at the pool bar and return to our spacious clean room for afternoon naps (the kids, not us).For dinner, you can order in from Dominoes Pizza or Pizza Hut if you choose or eat in the hotel at Oreganos- decent pizza, pasta was eh. We also took car service to a local restaurant (Il Ladrillo) which was delicious and to the Hyatt Cerromar which has a Johnny Rockets (good for kids) and a delicious Chinese/Japanese restaurant.The manager's reception was outside by the pool. Mostly kids getting free Shirley Temples, but we took a glass (more like a plastic cup) of wine here and there while my son had ice cream from the store in the lobby.We really enjoyed our vacation. Everyone was extremely friendly and accommodating. If you're a family- go, go, go. If you're a couple looking for a romantic vacation- look elsewhere.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mv99
<Content>A very nice secluded place to stay My wife and I enjoyed our recent (but short) trip to Puerto Rico. We stayed at the Embassy Suites in Dorado for 3 nights. The hotel is relatively new and located in a private residential area on Dorado Beach. It was a nice get away from the hustle and bustle and cold weather of New York City. The hotel is a Embassy Suites hotel - the lobby is open with greenery and waterfalls; the suites are clean and spacious; and though our room didn't have a full ocean view, we could still see the ocean from our balcony which was nice and relaxing. The hotel is very family oriented, so expect kids of all ages. The pool area is really cool and the beach though small area wise was more than enough. Plenty of sun, drinks, and food, they even provide massage service on the beach!!All of the hotel staff, with the exception of the concierge, were extremely friendly and helpful. The concierge was very pushy and tried to sell us hard on renting a car from him. We didn't want to drive during our trip so we passed. My wife and I are vegetarian and the waiters/waitresses at the restaurants were more than accommodating with the lack of vegetarian items on the menus. They tended to our every want and concern. The made to order breakfast is more of a buffet rather than what ever your heart desires, but it's still a nice touch. The Italian restaurant in the golf complex across from the hotel was also very good. We actually ate dinner there two out of three nights. But be aware, it's closed on Monday and Tuesday.The hotel is secluded from the rest of San Juan, from the rest of Dorado for that matter. It is difficult and can be expensive to venture out of the resort if you don't have a car. If going to Old San Juan, I recommend taking a taxi to the ferry port ($35 dollars to ferry port and 50 cents for the ferry) and taking the ferry to Old San Juan. The whole process of taxi to ferry and back was actually very easy, because the ferry drops you off right in Old San Juan. The hotel's taxi driver, Louis, is great. Also, be aware the rain forest is approx a 2 hour drive from the hotel. All is all a very nice and relaxing place to stay if that's what you're looking for.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience at embassy suites dorado We were very surprised by the great experience we had here. We usually stay at resorts that are a notch higher that the embassy suites-but the rate/breakfast deal was appealing. We were there w/ our 2 kids-ages 5 1/2  almost 3. The hotel itself is beautiful-grounds, pool area, maintenance, esp. compared to other (older) embassy suites. The beach is small-but GREAT for kids. the pool is perfect for beginning swimmers, as well as non-swimming little ones. The breakfast was always crowded, but managable. the rooms were well kept  perfect sized for 4 people. The two negatives are this: some of the service was poor-meaning slow. however, overall the people working were pleasant  tried to please the guests. The other negative is there is NO nighlife whatsoever. There are some great local restaurants where the food was worth it-but if you like to stay up past 9pm-there is very little to do in Dorado. overall, i would definitely recommend the hotel  would return there.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Embassy Suites Dorado, PR- excellent trip We returned from a week at the Embassy Suites Dorado Del Mar, Puerto Rico on MArch 7 ( flight home was a nightmare thanks to Continental, but that's another story) I can't say enough good things about the hotel and staff- it's a perfect place for anyone looking for a low key, relaxing vacation in beautiful surroundings- beach is small but more than adequate if you just like to float around and cool off, pool area was large enough that you could actually swim around without crashing into people and the hot tub in a corner of the pool secluded by plants was never that crowded. The staff kept our room immaculate - i would say to try a room on the upper floor as the weekend entertainment can get very loud- but if you close your inner door, you won't hear it-although there were quite a few families with young children, we must have hit a week where the hotel wasn't fully booked because we were able to find quiet areas to retreat to. Free Breakfast could be busy but that varied and we were even able to grab one of the few tables on the little balcony area overlooking the gorgeous courtyard on several mornings. If you ask the cooks to throw the lukewarm pre-cooked meats and potatoes on the grill as they cook your made to order eggs, it greatly improves the meal-The free cocktail hour was a nice littel break after a day in the sun, sefvice was good and drinks were premium brands. Not for big drinkers though- 2 per person limit- which was plenty for us.Everyone working there, from the front desk to the kids who helped set up chairs and give out towels, seemed to really enjoy their jobs and get along with each other and would help with anything we asked. the restaurant across from the lobby, Oregano, had a good variety, good value and the food was better than we expected. Go into town to El Ladrillo for a treat- the local art on the walls is an extra plus- a little pricey but well worth it.There are stores close by outside the complex - no problem finding things you might need- plenty of familiar chains around.if you go to the Bacardi plant, ask about the ferry in CAtano and take that to Old San Juan for 50 cents- don't drive! the traffic can be brutal and there's no place to park- you can grab a cab once there or walk up to El MOrro-Just be careful if you drive not to miss the turn off as you get close to Dorado- get good directions, as there is no sign for Dorado going west from the airport once you get off the main highway- exit for Dorado is right after toll -if you aren't looking for lots of action on the premises, this is a great place to use as either a relaxing hideout or a central location to travel to other nearby tourist sites. but we found the grounds and hotel itself to be so inviting, we didn't leave to do any sightseeing for 5 days!Don't bother going to the Casino at the Hyatt with the free shuttle - disgusting, smelly and run down- not worth it!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>magzsr
<Content>Very Relaxing Stayed 02/03-02/20. Excellent staff all around. local restaurants Mangiare,Las Pedrillas,not sure of spelling and Mare,not sure. were very good. Relaxing no wave beach,pools and hot tub great. skip the $15.00 breakfast. Had a room that was supposed to sleep 4,cant happen. Too small for 4. Went to the caves,took the ferry to old San Juan,spend the day. Bacardi rum factory. Mostly relaxed on the beach sipping adult beverages soaking in the sun. great vacation  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Spot for Vacation       Rain Forest  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>agatsal
<Content>Wonderful Time Family of four with two teenage daughters stayed at Embassy Suites Dorado during Presidents week. Overall - above average experience. Great value. Well priced spacious suites. Suites are clean/fresh/well decorated. Despite of full hotel - never felt 'crowded'. Only exception - breakfast time - there could be 10 minute lines for made-to-order omelets etc. Grounds well spaced. Nice pool. Small beach. Extremely pleasant staff. Easy check in. Helpful front desk.Wireless access on grounds (poolside, lobby etc.).Parking adequate. Two restaurants (in hotel restaurant - overpriced.Other one - good food/well priced).Would go back.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you have three kids... My husband and I have the dilemma of traveling with three kids. Most hotels will only allow four to a room, or have suites that will sleep five at outrageous prices. Embassy suites works for us because they allow five to a room. Having said that, this will probably scare away the the couples with no children who want to stay here, and it probably should. This place is loaded with children and teenagers! We spent eight days feb 20- feb 28th and we had a great time. The pools and grounds were really clean and we found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. The rooms could use a little sprucing up, the carpet and sofa were a little worn, but overall it was very clean, no mold or mildew etc. There really is no night life (the weekends have loud music in the center atrium you might want to ask for a high floor) or tons of things to do which is exactly what we wanted. We wanted a vacation where we could just hang out, relax and connect with our children and that is exactly what we got. I strongly suggest that anyone staying here for an extended time rent a car. Parking was never a problem for us, $7/day, we always found a spot. The walk to town (fast food, Walgreens, grande supermarket) is about a mile. We loaded up our cooler for the beach and refrigerator in our room and we bought snacks for the room and for hanging out on our terrace overlooking the ocean. By the way, the ocean is not the turquoise blue that you will see on other islands in the Carribean, not a big deal to our family but thought it was worth mentioning. Also, the ocean is more like a lagoon, very calm because of the rock jetties in front of it, which is great for younger children. If you want crashing waves, you won't get them here. There are sea urchins, I would definitely think of bringing water shoes. I felt the resort was safe, gated community, lots of friendly security staff, and we saw a lot of police presence in town(not needed, just patrolling). The complimentary breakfast was crowded but not crazy, and not horrible (how can you ruin an omelet?). The complimentary cocktails and snacks were great if you felt like winding down with a drink, you could drink them by the pool or inside the cocktail lounge. The pool grounds can get a little crazy on the weekends, the local owners come and stay with their families, but it was by no means out of control. The weekdays are just more quieter. I would definitely consider staying here again, I hope this review was helpful!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>would mostly recommend We had a spacious one bedroom on the eighth floor of building two, with a nice balcony overlooking the ocean, pools, courtyard and mountains in the distance. Very nice to sit out there, especially since the laptop computer worked with a fast wireless internet connection - it did not work consistently inside the room itself.The staff was quite pleasant and polite, parking was sometimes tight - once we returned and there were no spaces to be found at all, even in the employee lot. Other days it was almost full, so we found a spot right away.Breakfast was OK, way too crowded and haphazardly organized and laid out. The breakfast staff tried but seemed overwhelmed. Perhaps it is better at 7 AM as the sign suggests.The ocean beach is quite good for little children as the man-made breakwater keeps the water calm - keep in mind the water is only about three feet deep at the deepest and most of the bottom is rocky and a little rough on the feet.Overall we liked it better than El Conquistador, where we stayed last year with the constantly out of service funicular driving us crazy.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RobRochester
<Content>great experience...... from father and son . From Rob and Robby,Rochester,N.Y. My son and i stayed here the week of february recess and it never seemed crowded at all. everything from check in to check out went very smoothly . Some reviews mentioned the problems with parking and the so called cheap breakfast,but let me tell you,the parking is fine,if you rent a normal size car or a full size like we had there will be no problem at all.The ego people that rented the escalades,hummers,and luxury convertibles,like we saw ,well there you go . Each morning the fully cooked to order breakfast was one of the best i've ever had,you never went away hungry or dissapointed. The grounds are kept in top shape and the pool and beach were exceptionally clean .The crew goes out of their way to set you up with the chairs and towels and picks out the best spot to lay out. The two room suite was large,clean,updated and had a wonderful view of the ocean and pool area. No mold or bugs that people wrote of in their reviews .The woman who cleaned our room took great pride in her job ,especially cleaning up after a teenager..... The staff was very friendly and always wore a smile on their faces.If you play golf like we did all week ,you wont be dissapointed .Bring the camera for the tenth hole and the view of the ocean is breathtaking. We can't say thank you enough for the perfect vacation , and i mean absolutely no problems at all. On a final note i must say the staff,guests,and new friends we met, made this vacation one of the best,so thank you to all who stayed there through the week of february 25th. We have traveled all over the caribbean , and if we don't come back here next year ,i know we won't have the same experience somewhere else.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dpara
<Content>Work The System For a Good Time Our first trip to the Embassy Suites in Dorado was quite an experience. Navigating the roadways was a challenge and we got lost a number of times. But on this, our second trip here, we felt like old hands and were able to hit all the right twist, turns and unexpected freeway exits to arrive at the hotel a mere 30 minutes after picking up our rental car. A quick drop off of kids, luggage and mom was followed by an equally quick return of dad and car when the hotel parking lot proved to be full. In a smart, but more costly move, we elected to valet the car our entire stay for quick entrances and exits. Check-in was smooth once we were able to obtain the attention of a desk clerk. Lines predominate here and at the concierge desk as neither seems adequately staffed. Once through the line, we were whisked up the glass elevators to our ocean-view suite on the fifth floor with a lovely panorama of the pool area and ocean. A wonderful breeze wafted in and we drank in the 84 degree weather before quickly changing and heading to the pool.We spent the majority of our time here as our children preferred the pool to the beach area although we did mange to build a few sand castles and attempt to snorkel the calm, walled in bay-like beach. The hotel boasts four pools: three joined by a series of water falls with a children鈥檚 pool off to one side. Parents can feel comfortable letting little swimmers navigate all pool areas as none exceed four-feet in height. And while floats and pool toys (and umbrellas!) can be rented for $15 a day, we had elected to bring our own (make 鈥榚m blow-up ones for easy packing). Our days passed easily enough just hanging out at the pool on our rafts. That鈥檚 because we are old hands at more than navigating Puerto Rico鈥檚 roads. We are also old hands at navigating the Embassy Suites system. Like the front desk and its lines, things take time in all areas of the resort. We knew to order lunch from the poolside restaurant at least 45 minutes before we thought the children would get hungry. We also knew to hit the local grocery store (just 5 minutes outside the resort area) to insure that we had snacks and the makings of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for those times we didn鈥檛 gauge our children鈥檚 needs correctly. We also knew our room would not be made-up until late in the afternoon. And, we also knew to avoid the hotel for evening meals (or risk never eating dinner at all).We also knew to hit breakfast early so there was no need to wait for a table. And speaking of breakfast, the one offered by Embassy Suites has everything you need for a good 鈥?but not great 鈥?meal: made-to-order omelets, breakfast meats, cereals, breads and rolls and an array of non-chilled juices (but accompanied by a big bucket of ice to offset that problem).While the main attractions at this hotel are the beach and pool area, it also offers a small game room (with many games out of order while we were there) and a gym. Massages are also available and, of course, the ubiquitous Embassy Suites Manager鈥檚 Reception with free drinks and munchies presented every evening from 5:30 鈥?7:30 pm. You need to enter this hotel in a vacation frame-of-mind. Make the system work for you. Enjoy what there is to offer -- sun, pool, beach, warm and balmy weather, free drinks -- and don鈥檛 stress about the rest. The Embassy Suites Dorado makes a perfectly acceptable vacation for a family with young children as long as you can work the system to your advantage.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>victoria1970
<Content>Perfect Getaway We had a wonderful short getaway in the Embassy Suites Dorado in January 2006. We arrived 3 hours before check-in and we were quickly checked through without a problem. The 2 room suite with a door between the living room and bedroom and two TVs was appointed nicely. The view from the terrace was spellbinding. The pool area was large and inviting with shaded areas. The only problem there was that despite their being 4 pool areas there was no place to swim with the water over 3 ft. The beach was pleasant and the hotel is only 5 minutes away from lovely Dorado beach. Breakfast was fine and the happy hour was a pleasant diversion. All in all, we loved it and the value was unbeatable.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lopeytt
<Content>Good for families My husband and I stayed here only because my sister and brother-in-law and their kids were there. The kids (age 4 and 5) loved it. A nice sloped pool, plus a kiddie pool, and a calm little beach that was good for wading. The complimentary breakfast wasn't great, but again, good for the kids since my nephew likes lucky charms, cheap little bagels, and bacon for breakfast. If you will be there on a Friday or Saturday, be forewarned that there is REALLY loud music in the atrium those nights, so request a room on the top floor. It wasn't bad up there once we closed the door between the living room and the bedroom to block out the sound. The biggest problems we had were agonizingly slow check-in, confusing parking procedures, and bad, expensive bar food.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what I expected from Embassy Suites Stayed at the hotel Dec. 27, 2005 for 3-nights at a two-bdrm villa which is part of the Aquarius timeshare resort adjacent to Embassy Suites hotel (rented through Embassy Suites). Check-in was a disaster, arrived for 4:00 PM check-in, did not get into our room until about 6:00 PM. The hotel itself is very nice, but the aquarius room was pretty run down, carpets need to be replaced, bathroom toilets were plugged during our whole stay, musky smell...needs upgrading. The breakfast buffet was nice and quicker than I thought it would be with as full as the hotel was during the holidays. We had lunch/dinnner at the hotel which was good, service was bad though for our lunch, our waiter went on a 1/2 hr break while taking care of us, and left no one covering for her. The ground are nice, but you don't have a lot of room to walk around, not much beachfront property. Not even one hammock to lay down on, just two hard wood benches to sit an enjoy the ocean view. Also forget getting a beach chair, unless you go at like 7:00 AM, they were all reserved by people placing a towel and book on them and no one to be found using them for hours, just people reserving them which stinks. I would not stay at this place again, much better places in Puerto Rico to leave you hard earned bucks.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>LarryNY
<Content>Very nice hotel Stayed at this property Christmas 2005. I am not a huge embassy suites fan. Although you get good value for your money, I always find the properties lacking in some intangible..they seem generic i suppose. Void of character. However, I must say, i was impressed with this hotel. Considering the price vs other Puerto rico properties, it can be considered a true bargain. While planning this trip, i found most other big name hotels sought $300-$500 a night, while ES was only $225 including breakfast (which was just ok-but-free, so who could complain) The location of the hotel in Dorado was not very convenient to the rest of the island. you are 7 minutes from the highway, then a total of 30 minutes to san juan, 1 hour to the rainforest Luquillo area. there really is nothing close by, so if you like to explore, be prepared to drive lots. the pool area was beautiful. It consists of an above average inifinity pool looking out to the ocean. bravo. the view will take you far from the winter up north, and put you into tropical bliss. my only complaint here is the lounge chairs..just the basic strap type, and cushions would be nice. the beach: very serviceable..not the most beautiful, but i dont think anyone would find the beach here a drawback from enjoying the property. the ocean is calm. the staff were mostly pleasant. many would go out of their way to greet you, and were helpful. this place seems very well managed on new years day when the hotel was fully booked, they had extra staff to accomodate the masses. impressive. the rooms were standard ES size, but in very good condition as the hotel is relatively new. not many quality dining options in Dorado, so once again, be prepared to drive to SJ or other areas. In Dorado, A la brassa, steakhouse just ok, nothing special, the italian restaurant on the ES property better, but again, just OK. In conclusion, if you want a beautiful property, and a very very reasonable price, and dont mind driving to see the island, you will be very happy at this property.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better Than Average Overall, our family enjoyed our stay at The Embassy Suites in Dorado. Pros: 1) nice, unique beach 2) clean and comfortable rooms 3) friendly staff Our rooms were spacious and clean - no complaints. Housekeeping came whenever we asked and was very accommodating. Friendly staff! The beach is more of a lagoon, as others have posted. Still, it's nice. Also, the poolside cafe has good food!Cons: 1) location 2) unprepared for busy holiday seasonThe hotel is about 30 minutes away from downtown San Juan. Thus, we weren't as close to restaurants and evening activities as we would like, but there are plenty of taxis available to travel back and forth between the hotel and downtown. With six people, we typically spent $120 for round trip. Rent a vehicle early if you feel comfortable driving. It's worth the money, especially if you take excursions to Fajardo and the rainforest.Other than the location, our biggest complaint was the hotel was understaffed for the holiday season. I typically waited 30 minutes to an hour to talk to the concierge everyday. Also, no one working at the hotel, whether in housekeeping, the front desk, or valet, ever answered the phones. However, I suspect the hotel operates much smoother during lighter weeks.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent Value We stayed at the Embassy Suites from December 21 to December 28. The 2 bedroom suite had ample room for my wife and me and our 3 teenagers. It was clean although the furniture was somewhat uncomfortable. The beach and pool are quite accessible and very nice although as the hotel got busier there were not enough beach chairs. It is a great place for a relaxing beach vacation although there is not much else to do - my teenagers were bored after a while. Also the beach is very protected with no wave action at all.Hotel service was fine except our kids were late sleepers and we sometimes had to remind the cleaners to service our room in the afternoon. Breakfast hours (ends at 9:30 during the week) are more in line with a hotel serving business travelers than vacationers. Resort restaurants were ok but limited -you definitely need a car to get around to eat in other places. Service in the poolside restaurant is horribly slow.All in all considering the price vs alernatives I think it offers good overall value.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nyorker3331
<Content>think well before you go just got back last night... a busy week in the hotel which did not feel very crowded the whole time.. need to wake up early to get chairs at the pool and the beach... good place for kids to enjoy the pool and the beach area. nothing much to do in the area... hotel offers no activities at all.. you are on your own.. food was one of the worst we ever experienced in many family vacations we took...stuff seem to be very nice but not really aware of what is going on..they all yes you but nothing is realy done... we had a great time but will not go back there...  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Staff Very Accomodating The hotel staff were very polite and went out of their way to help us with anything we needed. The Bellman, (in particular Pedro and Steve) went out of their way to get us transportation when it appeared there were no taxi's in the area on Christmas night. They drove us (and picked us up 3 hours later) to our retaurant in their own car.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Fabs
<Content>Three star hotel and timeshare Hello, just got back from Aquarius timeshare. This is a very good hotel if you just want to stay at the hotel and have ok food. We are food junkies and ok is not good enough. We rented a car and went out to eat every day.Most of the time we stayed local and had good results. Pee Wee's was ok my family loved it, I thought it was too much like fast food). La Terrazza was very good (paella was the best I have EVER had). Most meals for a family of 4 (remember we are foodies and that means 2 appatizers and dessert) was around $150 with tip.THE best meal we had was at Villa Dorada D'Alberto at Dorado public beach and that meal was only $80. If we had more time we would have went there numerous times. In old San Juan we ate at Barrachina village, it was so good we went back again for lunch one day.They include the tip no matter how many are in your party so make sure you check the bill. Don't go to Burger King unless you speak fluent Spanish, they speak NO english. We ordered breakfast and ended up with whoppers and fries. The hotel was very nice,it was clean, the staff was courteous. Weekends are very noisy,local timeshare owners flood the place on Saturday and have loud parties all night long. On Monday it empties out and is paradise again. Just plan all your excursions on the weekends and it won't bother you. We were told that the water isn't as nice in the winter,when we arrived it was murky and you couldn't snorkle. By the time we left , the water was clear and there were fish everywhere.Bring your own snorkles,the hotel charges $25 dollars a pair. We would go back to this hotel again. Any questions feel free to contact my e-mail.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, but ! Hello...Embassy Suites Dorado. We had a bedroom condo on the groundfloor. Perfect for going to the pool and the beach. We only hung out at the hotel, was not in the mood to drive 1 1/2 hrs to San Juan, rain forest or any of the shopping. The grocery store is 2 miles from the hotel. Hotel is 26 miles from airport and took us 45 minutes. Tourbus was late and was $75.00 per direction. No much to eat in Dorado area, some restaurants out on the main road, PeeWees and Mahi Mahi was good and prices no too bad. Okay, but some problems. Hope this helps!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved This Hotel We Stayed at the Aquarius Vacation Club part of the Embassy Suites (timeshare) This is a great family hotel. The pool is magnificent and the view of the ocean is beautiful. I sat out many a morning with my infant daughter and a cup of coffee enjoying the ocean and pool views. The only down side was that as a timeshare guest you have to pay $14.95 (very high price for buffet) for breakfast and there is no where in town for bfast other than Burger King or McDonalds. Walgreens is across the street and open 24 hours and supermarket down the road. I highly recommend staying here. The staff were super nice and very attentive. We had a great time and would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sox4Ever
<Content>Love Embassy Suites Dorado Del Mar Beach  We Just return from a week in Embassy Suites Dorado we were there from Aug 13 thru Aug 19 and we love the place very clean thru out the Resort and very friendly staff. Our room was very nice over looking the golf course and beach and pool area the room we stay at was #2621.Golf: Fast greens, the Bermuda grass used on the fairway was very heavy need it a 6 or 7 or an 8 iron to get out if it. The 10th hole over looks the ocean brings a camera or like we did a movie camera must film there or take pictures very nice hole. The gold cart has a cooler and they put ice in them for you so bring something to drink to put in a small cooler. They have a driving rage also and a putting green.Pool: The pool area was beautiful with palm trees and lots of chair and they give you towels for your used. The pool bar was nice a round bar so you can order drinks from any were around the bar and they also have high chairs for you to sit at the bar, pina colada was $8 and you get it in a plastic tall cup with the Embassy Logo on it you get to keep the cup if you bring back the cup and ask them to refill it with the same drink it will cost you $6 only two dollar off. There is a open bar from 5:30 to 7:30 VERY DAY free drinks for the guess so DRINK UP!!! We did.Beach: Was ok a little rocky not the best beach water was not very clean. There is a much better beach that we love and its about 15 min. down the road call Cerro Gordo it cost $4 to park but the water was just beautiful very clean and clear not rocks white sand small waves and the have outside showers for you to wash off any salt water and sand before you go to the car they also have bathrooms. There is a small shack that you can order native food but it takes a long time for your food to be ready since they make it right there an then wend you order it. So you better off bringing your own food.Eat: We eat at the LaTerraz restaurant food was great we eat Mofongo.We also eat at a Wendy typical Wendy food also eat at a Subway again typical Subway food. There was a place we love at Old San Juan cal Cafe Puerto Rico by Plaza Colon the food was great you can sit outside we eat there two times very friendly waiters.Places: El Yunque (National Rainforest) was beautiful there is a waterfall that you could go swiming in so bring your bathing suit there is a trail you have take to get to the waterfall that took about 40 min to get to the waterfall. Bring your camera great place to take pictures, it's a must to visit El Yunque.Old San Juan was beautiful also went shopping took alots of picture there very busy lots of people since all the cruise ships dock there, the food was very good.Our stay in Puerto Rico was just wonderful great weather sunny every day and hot the people were very helpful and friendly. So if you get a chance to go to Puerto Rico stay in Embassy Suites in Dorado we are coming back in two years and we are stay in Embassy Suites Dorado Del Mar Beach  Golf Resort for Sure!!!!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful surroundings but will never stay again... We checked in at 4:00 didn't get a room until a quarter till 5 (and that was because we complained.) There was a family who was waiting before us for a room they didn't get one until closer to six. We got to our room, and it had ants running up the wall. When we called, they sent someone up with bug spray. We had to call again to get a room change. One night we called for towels at eight o'clock we didn't recieve towels until eleven o'clock at night with pounding at the door and that again was after calling them three or four times. We met other people staying in the hotel and they had said they had ants in their room. We asked them what room they were in, they were in our old room. I don't think we will rush to stay there again. Beautiful grounds,very centrally located, but service not so good in my opinion.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>2	5	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Think Twice About Staying Here My family just returned from 8 nights at the Embassy Suites in Dorado. We stayed as timeshare owners. After reading other reviews AFTER we booked our vacation, I was prepared for less than an Excellent hotel, but was still disappointed. We rented a car based on other reviews. A car is a must as this hotel is not within walking distance of any stores, restaurants or attractions. This hotel is not near anything, except the Hyatt which has a casino. Driving is an experience! Be prepared for cars changing lanes without signaling and basically cutting you off.When we arrived, the parking lot was totally packed and disorganized. The parking lot is not sized to accommodate the golf and hotel guests. Also, to our total amazement, we were charged a nightly fee of $7 to park the car. We have never incurred a charge for parking a car at any timeshare location prior to this one. Upon check-in, our room was not ready until 6:30 p.m and that was after complaining to the manager. The pool and beach area are very nice and great if you have children. The pool is max depth of 4 ft. in one small area only. The pool has 3 levels and all are viewable from the seating area. Though the beach is on the ocean side, they have built jetties which allow the waves to break further out. The water is very calm and safe. The food at the hotel is expensive and we were not impressed. The rain forest was a great place to visit and Old San Juan. Both are a drive away. Aside from these two attractions, and the casino, we did not find much to do. The hotel had some activities for the children, but not every day. There is a large supermarket down the road, but you definitely need a car to get around. The kitchen is not well equipped so be prepared to cook in saucepans. The sofas need to be replaced. I would not recommend this place to anyone. If you are going to Puerto Rico, stay in San Juan unless you lenjoy sitting by the pool and beach all day.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet and clean surroundings! The hotel is situated in a gated community surrounded by a golf course. Very clean everywhere. RENT A CAR if you are planning to stay there. The shuttle was only available to go to the Embassy Casino in San Juan, and only a couple of nights a week. The two restaurants on site were the only good food we found in entire Puerto Rico. A little costly, but not much options except the fast food places outside of the resort (you would have to drive out of the resort in your own rented car, hotel doesn't take you out). The pools were nice. 4 different pools. The free drinks and free breakfast were great. People are very friendly. The only problem we found was the direction cards that the travel desk gave us, there was always something missing, and we ended up getting lost. If you don't speak Spanish, it's not easy to find the way around. Overall it鈥檚 great for a family. All of the rooms are suites with a living room and a kitchenette. The beach was ok, a little rocky going deep. Pools were better.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>buffetfan
<Content>Outside Great,Tower room fine, side wing room poor -parking is a disaster       Best place to sit! View of ocean,can be shaded if want and away from pool noise. Claim it...  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>babylobgirl
<Content>loved it My family and I stayed at the Embassy Suites Dorado and had a great time. The room was spacious for us, 2 adults, a 16 and a 9 year old. the breakfast was good, can be crowded and the managers reception was great. The weekends tend to be crowded due to the fact that many natives are also vacationing. The hotel had something for everyone, although the activites were somewhat lax. In order to use the facilites we had to wear wristbands, white for the hotel, yellow for time shares. the management needs to be more diligent with them as no one was checking, esp. at the towel stand. Despite bad reviews the beach was nice, water very clean, although a bit rocky. The staff were all very nice, despite the language barriers. i would definitely recommend this hotel to those with kids, those without should check out the Hyatt. Food in the area is plentiful, try the local establishments, did go to PeeWee's, skip it if you can. overall a great vacation.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>keysgirl
<Content>Great Family Vacation Hotel We just returned from a fun filled 10 days in Puerto Rico which included a four day stay at the Emassy Suites Dorado Del Mar Beach  Golf Resort. We had our 3 kids with us and another family who had 4 kids with them. We all agreed that it was the perfect hotel for a fun family vacation. The 2 suite rooms are very spacious - and the fact that they have 2 televisions in each suite made our lives very easy too. The daily cooked to order breakfast was wonderful. The omlett station was a great way to vary your breakfast each day along with all of the other choices that were available. Everyone got what they want each morning. The beach was wonderful - put your chair in the water, read a book, listen to music and relax! The protected lagoon area was great with the kids since you didn't have to worry about the breaking waves or the currents. The pool was big and beautiful with lots of room for the kids to swim. The front desk staff was very friendly and very helpful, however the Tour and Travel Desk Staff need some work. They must have had a special on Kayaking trips because each time we asked about tours etc, the answer we got was how about a kayaking trip?. We ended up just using the free internet in the lobby to look up directions, times, and information. Due to the location of the hotel, we had several choices when it came to food and beverage. You could eat at the hotel, or just outside the gates were chain restaurants like (Church's Fried Chicken) or when you drive out of the hotel, take a left and go down to Dorado Beach area for the local restaurants. We found the Walgreens that was across the street to be a daily stop for us. We stocked up on a styrofoam cooler and ice for the car and filled it with water and soda and snacks for our daily trips around the island. Overall our stay was excellent and we would gladly return to the ESDDMB on our next trip to Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AlRodrigo
<Content>Nice for relaxing. I stayed at the Aquarius Vacation Club and had a excellent stay. The check in was quick and very courteous. When we walked into the room everything was in place and clean. We stayed in a two bedroom, which was comfortable. The villa had all kitchen utensils, with washer and dryer. The pool area is clean and has shade areas for guests who do not want sun all the time. It has a small beach area which is suitable for kids, no waves due to the rocks surrounding the beach. This hotel and Embassy Suites share the common areas facilities. Every employee that I came in contact with was very courteous. This is a timeshare hotel, and basically you are on your own and do not have the aggressive sales pitch I have encountered in other timeshare hotels. Apparently they respect your space. The hotel is near golf courses and beach areas in the town of Dorado. At the entrance there is a shopping center with supermarket, fast food restaurants and full service restaurants. You are within an hours drive from the Arecibo Observatory, which was an interesting visit. Also San Juan is within a 1/2 hour drive. Overall my stay in this resort was good and would return.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KaneRene12
<Content>Will Go Again Despite some negative reviews, my boyfriend and I booked a week here. The hotel and staff were great! Our housekeeper even came in and washed our dishes even though we had a dishwasher! The only downside is the lack of transportation to San Juan. However, if you rent a car, which I would suggest anyway because there are so many wonderful places to see in Puerto Rico, you'll be fine. (Just use extra caution as Puerto Ricans often forget to use their turn signals!) All in all, I would recommend to anyone and I will be going again!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kmh316
<Content>Embassy Suites in Dorado We just came back from a week at the Aquarius Club-Embassy Suites in Dorado and had another excellent time. We rented two units: a 2 bedroom and an effieciency. While the effieciency was small-2 full size beds a small sink, refrig. and coffee pot it was fine for my me  my husband, and 2 yr old son. My parents, brother, his wife and sister stayed in the 2 bedroom with no problems at all. Their unit was very comfortable and clean. They had what they consider the pool view but was not much of a view. The pool and beach are beautiful and maintained very well. We did have a car, but decided to take the 20 minute walk (one way) every morning to the Panderia (next to Payless Shoes) and had an excellent breakfast everyday instead of paying $15 per person at the hotel. Two complete breakfast came to approx. $10-13. However, you do need a car for anything else you want to do outside the resort. It was prom weekend while we were there, so the hotel was packed with locals. But it was okay. Everyone is so nice. Anyway, I could go on and on about the wonderful time we had at this place that I'm just going to highly recommend it to everyone.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Hotel We just came back from Puerto Rico. We first stayed at Embassy's in Dorado. The staff was the friendliest and most helpful that we have encountered. They certainly always went out of their way to help answer questions, give us informative tips, and were just plain friendly. Even though the beach area was a bit rocky, it was still beautiful. The rooms were clean. The town is quite far from all the hustle and bustle of San Juan and cabs are pricey. If you are looking to rest and relax, this is the hotel. Great place to take children.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JH33194
<Content>Excellent service My family went to Puerto Rico in 2004 for a week. We stayed at the Embassy Suites in Dorado. It was very nice. The staff was wonderful, the pools and beach were beautiful, the fitness room was fantastic. Everything was great. The restaurant in the hotel was delicious. The free made to order breakfast was something we looked forward to every morning and the free happy hour in the evening is great! Free drinks for the adults, free pop and popcorn for the children.The pool side bar and grill had pretty good food and great scenery.The rooms are wonderful! Every room is a two room suite. There are no inside rooms, all have a view of the beautiful Puerto Rico. Driving distance to any shopping area or other restaurants was not to far.The golf course was nice but we did not use it. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone going to Puerto Rico!  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TomnDar
<Content>This place is Great! After spending a week at the Embassy Suites, I can whole hardly, say I will be back. The people we came in contact with, and the level of service provided are great. No matter where we went, everyone from the cab drivers to the wait staff, and the front desk personel were the best. I have never been anywhere before where the general population (I mean everybody) understands what tourist dollars mean to the economy. We at at some of the best restuartants anywhere (you've got to go to the brick El Ladrillo if nothing more then to see the artwork, not to mention the wine cellar). We were the type of people who explore but don't speak spanish and it just didn't matter. If you happened to be in a place where very few spoke english, they would find someone who did. I've had much worse experences in my home town of Chicago! This is a place that if you don't go and see, you lose! Just one thing, rent a car, because you don't want to spend your time in a tourist area like Old San Juan only. Get out and see the countryside, it's not like anything else you've seen unless you live in their.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>visitpr
<Content>Great Hotel/ Not so nice area. We just returned from a 5 day vacation at the Embassy Suites in Dorado. Here are my comments:Hotel Rooms: Very nice. You cannot ask for anythign better. Very spacious and nice dinning area.Hotel Lobby/ Breakfast/ Free Managers reception: All very good and very good for the pricePool: Excellent. Lots of shady spotsBeach: Very small and rocky. Water is calm during the day, so ideal for swimming.Dorado area: I thought the area was sort of third world. Not amny eating options..just a few fast foods. Local restaurants did not seem to be very clean. We ate the PeeWees as well, which we thought was just average ( if not below average!). Getting to other parts of the island takes a lot of time from this hotel, beacuse of the traffic especially on week days.BOTTOM LINE: Not sure if I would stay there again, more so for the location and than the hotel. The hotel is just fine.  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dt8762
<Content>Quiet but nice               
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall, very good Let me just say that I LOVED having a suite and thought this was just a great set up when traveling with a little kid at a very reasonable price. The pool was very nice. As others have said, restaurants are limited, but we drove to a few within 10 minutes and had perfectly fine meals. We were there the weekend after Easter weekend and did not find it to be crowded at all.They have enclosed the beach so it is not too wavy. WAter shoes would be a good idea. It wasn't the greatest beach I've ever been on, but it was pretty much okay. I have to say that our 4 yr old son LOVED the rocks and was extremely entertained building structures with them and playing in the sand. So there's always a positive side.We found everyone to be friendly and breakfast was fine, if a little hectic with so many people.They did have very loud music playing in the bar just outside the atrium until around 10:30 Fri and Sat night. If you plan to have anyone sleep on the sofa bed, you might want to keep that in mind.I would definitely go back.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good value, clean, spacious, disappointing beach Went to this resort in March with 4 kids. Be prepared, they do not have a kids club even though one of my travel guides said they did. The good side: Hotel was very nice, clean, suites were very spacious. Service was great, always friendly, prompt and accomodating. Pool was beautiful, really nicely designed, perfect for kids of any age. Landscaping was great, attractive, well maintained. Weather was perfect. They did have some fun kids activities, but again, they don't really take care of your kids, they will just enteratain them for 15-20 minutes at a time with a few activites a few times per day. But I felt that I should be there watching so that wasn't a huge break for me but was fun for the kids. And the entertainment staff was very friendly with the kids. Our view was not considered ocean front but we could see the ocean anyway and it was absoutely gorgeous.The bad side: The beach was very rocky near the water and in the water. It actually hurt to walk in the water. You really could use shoes. ALso it was not particulary clear at all. Not too much nicer than the East Coast beaches in the US. It was calm because they created a barrier with rocks but, again, not much for a Caribbean beach. Also there was quite a bit of seaweed. But I don't think this area of Puerto Rico is really known for great beaches so that is really my own fault. Food choices were limited. Only 2 restaurants. Room service was prompt and not bad. It got extremely crowded over the weekend, and was mostly families from Puerto Rico. My kids made friends with some Puerto Rican girls which was cute but they couldn't communicate a single word to each other. All in all it was a nice family oriented resort and if the beach had been nicer I would have been very happy with it. I do think it was a good value for the money. My biggest diappointment was the beach because if I am going to go all the way to the Caribbean I really want a perfect beach. One tip - if you are going away with kids go to a place with a kids' club or else you are not going to get a vacation!!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Miss_Bret
<Content>The good, bad and ugly. First the good: VALUE! If you have a family, this is a great place for saving money. There is enough room for 4 people and the kitchenette can help you save on meals. Complete breakfasts are included and the pastries are superb. Free drinks at happy hour can also save you $$$. GET A VIEW! Definitely get a suite with a 鈥榮pecial view鈥?and ask to be put on the upper 3 floors. The hotel might be run down (read on) but the view from these rooms more than makes up for it. SERVICE: The entire staff was professional, friendly and polite. The BAD: The GARBAGE. Granted; the larger items are picked up daily but the smaller ones are not. Cigarette butts and small litter strewn the outer lawns and I actually saw a used condom in the roughage. The BEACH is gravelly, unattractive and there are scant palm trees for shade. The sea basin which you are supposed to swim in is awful.The UGLY: This hotel looks like it is 40 years old with few improvements since it's construction. EVERYTHING is run down and desperately needs a good power washing. Your kids may not notice (or care) that the pool area looks like hurricane Andrew hit it, but you probably will. Folks: this is the BOB EVANS of hotels. If it is just the two of you鈥?and you want a little better experience, move on.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for a family vacation The resort is great for a family with small children. The pool area is just right. The hotel staff is excellent and always very helpfull. The beach area is very small and leaves a lot to be desired. It needed to be dredged of the sea weed and rock and replaced with sand. If you are looking for a sandy beach, go off prem.The golf gourse can be challenging but expensive. The hotel resturant is good but the menue is limited. Breakfest was good.If you have never had Italian food, maybe try the Italian resturant, but if you have eaten Italian food, don't eat here.You need to rent a car. PeeWee's and Alberto's resturants are places to consider. Above all, do not drive into San Juan! Drive to Cantano and take the ferry. Get a road map, not the tourist map and plan your car trips befor hitting the road. Driving is agressive. There is nothing within walking distance but trips to Aricibo, San Juan via ferry, Bacardi distillery are worth it.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place       Looking east from the beach  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for Golf  We are a family of three (including my grandauther). The hotel is very relaxing. Has exotic plants and a cool atmosphere. There are several golf courses around the area. It's great for young kids, specially the pool. Dinning was not so great in the hotel but we were recommended to go to PeeWee's for real good food and they were right. It's nearby the hotel and PeeWee is a great guy and he is always passing thru the tables making sure everyone is OK. We went 3 times because of the service. Another restaurant we liked was Zen Garden in the Hyatt hotel. Good oriental food.The golf courses at the Hyatt were better than the one at the Embassy Suite.It's a very quite hotel perfect for relaxation and that was what we were looking for. If I get the chance I will be back to the Dorado area. We went to Old San Juan and it was lovely. Brick roads, old buildings built by the Spanish 500 years ago. It's like you see it in the movies. Puerto Rico is very nice and the people are very friendly. I would recommend the island to anyone specially Dorado ( teenagers might not agree with me because the is not much night life in Dorado).  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>NJSunPrincess
<Content>Low key Family Resort We are a family of four, our kids are nine and eleven years old. We were thrilled with our room. It was on the seventh floor, end unit, great views of the mountains and ocean. Very quiet and spacious. The employees of the hotel were extremely gracious, accomodating, and friendly. Much nicer than other Islands. The grounds are well maintained. Yes, the pool and beach area are small but perfect for parents who need to keep an eye on their children. The ocean water is clean, clear and calm much nicer than in San Juan. My son kept busy with volleyball, dodgeball, bingo and soaking in the not so hot hottub. My daughter enjoyed swimming in the beautiful ocean and also soaking in the hottub. We are so busy in our everyday lives that the lack of constant structured activity is not a problem for us. We are happy to just feel the sun on our faces, sand between our toes, cool drink in our hands. My husband felt the buffet breakfast was below average. I was content with my egg beater omelet cooked to order every morning. We enjoyed the manager's reception, I recommend the Cuervo Margaritas with an extra shot on the side. The kids enjoyed the snacks and Shirley Temples. We are in agreement that the restaurants in Dorado are not very good. The only exception is PeeWees. A casual restaurant, with delicious chicken, ribs and fish. The owner, PeeWee, makes every guest feel welcome. He even ordered a cake for my father in law's 75th birthday. The only other place worth mentioning was Mangere. Expensive, slow but nice service. We often drove the mile into town to get carry out for lunch. Plenty of fast food places, a great grocery store and even a super nice Walgreens. We dined in San Juan a couple of nights, STAY AWAY FROM TANGERINE AT THE WATER CLUB!!! Laughable portion sizes, no view of the ocean as stated in Fodor's guide, really over priced and over cooked fish. This is a nice, low key family vacation. Not the right choice for couples seeking a Sandals experience or probably not great for families with older children needing more activities.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DebiDBenny
<Content>What happened to the beach? I go away for the beach, what happened? They have better beaches in Florida. Just returned from the Embassy Suites in Dorado. The hotel is charming, the staff extremely nice, the buffet breakfast if you're not early forget about it. This is the first vacation I ever went on and didn't utilize the beach. Very rocky, and small, had to get your own lounge chair from a huge pile. Not worth it! My husband and I went at the wrong time, the kids - too many! Go down the street to the Hyatt Cerromar for the beach and pool, if you can afford it.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again! We just returned from a week at the Embassy Suites (Sat - Sat). We were very disappointed! We were a family of 4 (w/children 12  14). The room had a sofa bed and a king bed. The sofa bed was horrible and not suitable for 2 older children to sleep on and the king bed was uncomfortable also. By Tues, we requested another room with 2 double beds - really no better comfort, but at least we had more beds! Maid service was late almost everyday --- between 4-5 PM. The beach was small and more like dirt than sand. You had to drag your own chair from a pile of chairs onto the beach. My son stepped on a sea urchin in the water the first day and we needed to extract the needles from his foot. The pool was packed with small children. Hotel food was very ordinary. Get to the morning buffet early or you are standing to eat your breakfast. Went to the Oregano Restaurant one night --- not great food and very slow service to just get a plate of pasta! Golf course was not well maintained either. Much better maintained courses at the Hyatt Dorado. Best meal for had: Old San Juan --- The Parrot Club. Take the ferry near the Bacardi factory and see Old San Juan and forts. Rain Forest was also a fun day, but it is almost 1 hour and 45 minutes to get there. Fun restaurant: Johnnie Rockets at the Hyatt (burgers and milkshakes and dancing waiters). Also, eat at the Surf Room at the Hyatt --- expensive, but excellent seafood and view of water! Not a luxury resort by any standards and too many families with small children for us.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Also known as Aquaris Timeshares Hello...Just returned from a week at Aquaris Timeshare (Embassy Suites Dorado). We had a one bedroom condo on the groundfloor. This was perfect for going to the pool and beach. You could walk out from your patio directly out to the pool area. The pool was very nice, and the beach was nice too. The hotel is facing the North (Atlantic Waters) so you don't have the crystal blues waters you find in the Caribbean. We only hung out at the hotel, was not in the mood to drive 1 1/2 hrs to the caves, rainforest or any of the shopping. Best way to get to Old San Juan is take the ferry from Canto, parking is $3.00 ferry ride is $.50 and you may have to leave your keys when you get there, we had NO problems! The ferry is East of the Bacardi Factory which you could do on your way into Old San Juan or return, the last tour is @4p. If your going to be out in this area of Dorado rent a car! The grocery store or center of town is 1.5 miles from the entrance of the hotel. Hotel is 24.5 miles from airport and took us 45mintues on a Saturday afternoon. Taxi to and from the airport could be $75.00 per direction. We rented a car with Thrifty for $205.00 per week for a midsize and parking is $7.00 per day at the hotel, that is if they ask you if you have a car...hint, hint LOL! Renting a car double double check for any dents, scratches or any type of damage, they will give you a check out slip. Not much to eat in the Dorado area, first night we ate at Pizza Hut, okay you think your going to an island, remember it is consider the 51st state, so it is VERY commerical. Only resturant out on the main strip we saw was PeeWees, and my Mahi Mahi was very good. We did find a local Bakery Denials spelling? It is just past the library the outside may scare you with all the bars, but what doesn't have bars in Puerto Rico. Here is another tip...get you achohol before you leave the Puerto Rico airport cheaper then the grocery store. Malibu Rum $7.00, Baileys $15.00, Bacadri $9.95 and flavor Bacardi $10.95...don't forget to buy on your departure either going to US can bring in any amount. Best grocery store is Amigo which is off the main road in Dorado turn at Wendys! I know if your staying at the hotel your stay includes breakfast and drinks. If your staying at the Aquaris don't feel bad they don't let you in...your not missing anything for breakfast or if you really want pay the $14.95 per person...but not worth it to me. You have a small burner and micro cook your own breakfast much cheaper, yours will be hot and fresh! With regards to drinks you have a blender start blending your own umbrella cocktails, as the happy hours is only mixed drinks. Grocery prices are not too bad, and neither is gas .44 liter. Hope this helps!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>hopejudith
<Content>Embassy Suites Just returned from a week at Embassy Suites. The breakfast buffet was fine but the other food in the hotel was horrible and very expensive.Staff was very helpful.Watch out for your booking details. We booked a suite. When we checked in the hotel tried to switch us to a standard room. Despite the advertising, Not all rooms at the hotel are SUITES.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>den
<Content>Great for kids - Food not so good We just returned from a week at the Dorado. We had a two bedroom, with large living room/kitchen/dining room (combined in one large space). The accomodations were excellent. We have 4 children, and felt that we had plenty of room. The service was very good (except for the concierge) and everyone, from the bellman to the cleaning people were gracious. The pool is great for kids - there is a nice baby pool and a walk-in beach entry to the larger pool. The hot tub is small. The beach was also great for kids, since it was so calm. The beach was much prettier than I thought it would be, based on other reviews. There is no babysitting or Kids Club. We did play Bingo every afternoon which the kids enjoyed. There are very few activities at this resort other than the pool and beach. There is a small game room downstairs. I had a massage which was great.The downside is that it was very difficult to find good food. Sorry to say, but one of our best meals was from Kentucky Fried Chicken. We ate at Oregano's (on premises) twice, and one meal was not good (I felt ill, actually). We ate at the pool restaurant once, and it was OK for average food with above average prices. We ate locally at Villa Alberto's and had an over-priced barely edible meal (but great service!). We ate one night at Zen Garden at Cerromar and it was lovely and food was quite good. We would go back, no question. Now that we know where adequate food is, we'd probably do better.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disapointed resedint       Nice pools  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>solid and safe Stayed at Embassy suites Dorado for four nights (Jan. 4th thru the 8th). Not exactly a luxury resort, but a good safe choice. Suite with two double beds was clean and comfortable. We actually did get a partial Ocean view from our room. I booked a king suite over the internet, when I was checking in the desk person suggested the two double suite. When I checked out the rate was $15 more per night then the rate I booked. I questioned it at checkout and was told the higher rate applied to the romm with the tow double beds. I complained that I was not told that by the person that checked me in. The checkout clerk conferred with managment for a secon and then corrected the bill to the lower rate. No big deal. Pool are was great. Hot tub not very hot. Small beach was OK.Played golf, got a rate of $50 after 3pm. Just able to get 18 in. For a location on the ocean only one hole, the 10th had an ocean view, and then only on the green. It still was fun playing in the constant stiff breeze.As Hiltonhonors members we were able to order free drinks of our choosing during the managers reception. The two hours was plenty of time to load up on alcohol! Had lunch, one day out by the pool. Food was solid pub, bar food. Not bad as some of the other reviews found.Oregano's, at the golf course was OK decent pizzas and Pasta dishes, resonably priced.Previous reviews spoke highly about PeeWee's. It was closed, we found, for two weeks for vacation! Kind of an odd time of the year to close in a resort area. Also, when we asked for directions at the hotel no one seemed to know it was closed, we found out when we drove there!Not much to see in the area, so we took day trips with our rental car to Jobos beach near Isabela, cool blowhole' to view in the rocks.. Nice laidback beach for swimming and snorkling. Also took a day trip to the rainforest, nice hikes in the rain. And then went to Luquillo beach. Which was closed for Three Kings Holiday, but you could park outside and walk in anyway, which we did. The food Kiosks outside the beach were fun for a light lunch and a beer.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go to Anguilla, St. Barts, St. Johns, Turks Caicos...NOT Puerto Rico I am a seasoned traveler and have stayed at many resorts within the Caribean. We've stayed at PR before, at the Hyatt Resort. Last time we were in PR was about 7 years ago. We felt like it was a good time to head down for the holiday weekend and check out the new Embassy on Dorado Beach.I relied upon the reviews from travelers on this page for my decision. Like all people who use Embassy, they enjoy the family atmosphere, breakfasts, cocktails. Most Embassy's that I stay at are hotels and I expect them to be that way. Most are for business purposes, but this was the first resort property I stayed at.My expectations were that of any Embassy I had stayed at before. I didn't expect a 5 star experience, but enough amenties to compliment a resort atmosphere.As far as the property goes, I found all the amenties to be in line with typical Embassy Suites hotels. Rooms were nice. Pool was nice. Work out area was sufficient. Game room and laundry facilities were available.The place where this Embassy lacks dramatically......and the entire area of Dorado for that matter is SERVICE. I am convinced that the Puerto Rican people DO NOT WANT AMERICANS ON THEIR ISLAND. I knew a few years ago there was discussion concerning PR becoming a state and the people have voted it down, well guess what, they don't want your money either.We had horrible experiences from no valet attendants to assist you (even though you're paying $14 a day for the service), rooms that could not cool off quickly enough, loud music that lasted until midnight on the weekends, drinks that were 6 oz's and cost you $9.00, servers at the bar that would eat french fries or other items off the orders you placed.....right before they delivered them to you.I could go on and on about the problems with this hotel as it relates to the lack of service and the uncouth behavior of the people, but it translate into the area where the best restaurant is Wendy's.If you're considering going to this island, DONT!! Consider spending a few more dollars on one of the other islands in the Carib that wants the American dollars. The Puerto Rican people are too concerned with who's on their cell phone than to stop and help you.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PRexec
<Content>the good, the bad, and the ugly Don't expect a charming, out-of-the way beachfront resort if you choose to stay at the Embassy Suites Dorado Beach. Instead, be prepared for a very ordinary stay in a very ordinary part of Puerto Rico. The hotel looks like any other Embassy Suites, only uglier since it stands out as a giant, boxy monotlith stuck out in the middle of nowhere. The food is also uneventful to say the least. We ordered chicken nachos at the poolside resaturant and found them to be almost inedible. Picture a plate of dyed red and green chips, topped with watered-down guacamole and melted cheeze-whiz. The free breakfast is passable, especially the made-to-order omlettes which are actually pretty tasty. Our room was spacious and very clean. And, the ocean view was well worth the extra $20 per night, since we were able to open our balcony door and enjoy the ocean breezes and sound of the tree frogs at night. The staff was courteous and helpful. No problems there. The pool area was very nice with fabulous veiws of the ocean. All in all, we enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Prices in Puerto Rico during high (winter holiday) season are out of sight, so I guess this all-suite hotel can be considered a bargain. If you're looking for a fancy, upscale resort, I suggest looking elsewhere. You'll be disappointed. If you're satisfied with a cookie-cutter Embassy Suites in a not-so-very interesting or beautiful part of Puerto Rico, with clean, nicely appointed rooms and a great pool/ocean area for families, you'll be pleased.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>firstkms
<Content>Nice place to stay My family stayed at this hotel during the first week of Nov. We actually stayed in the time sharing portion run by the Aquarius Vacation Club. Nonetheless, we still got access to the hotel's facilities and were impressed. We liked the pool and the private beach although both are relatively small. Overall, we enjoyed our stay. I wouldn't consider this place a full blown resort as the activites they offer are somewhat limited but it is a nice hotel to stay away from the hustle and bustle of San Juan. They may want to consider adding another computer for guests to suf the internet. There's only 1 and at times there can be a wait. The hotel is about 25 minutes west of San Juan. Also the directions they provide coming from the airport are somewhat confusing.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Loren05
<Content>Great Tropical Hotel Just returned from a relaxing stay at the Embassy Suites Dorado. We loved everything about the hotel. Make sure you are a Hilton Honors member so you can get free cocktails at the lobby bar instead of just the beer and wine at the pool bar. The breakfast buffet was great and there was plenty of seating and many people cleaning up the tables. All the staff were really nice and helpful. Free use of the computer in the lobby was nice to email home. The pool was great and we loved the small beach. We brought our own snorkel equipment and were able to see lots of coral and tropical fish in the little bay. Had a good lunch at the pool restaurant that was moderately priced. Walked to town and had dinner at Pee Wees one night. A TripAdvisor traveler had recommended it and we were glad we went. The walk was easy as we didn't have a rental car. We also ate at the little mexican restaurant next door to Pee Wees and it was good but more expensive for simple food. The pizza and salad at Oreganos across from the hotel was great and very convenient. We were at the hotel mid week which was nice because it wasn't crowded. Go for the cheaper Net Direct rates at Embassy Suites.com. Our room was on the top floor overlooking the golf course and mountains. No need to pay for an ocean front room when you are always outside at the pool and beach. We found we spent very little time in our room. The room was very clean and well laid out. The refrigerator and microwave are handy if you bring snacks. We will definately stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SCashCalifornia
<Content>Great for the price My father's family lives in Puerto Rico. Ordinarily, when I visit, I stay at my aunt's house in Cerro Gordo (can't beat free and GREAT home cooking!). Last week, my grandfather passed away, and since a lot of family was coming from the states, we had the travel agent book us a flight, room, and car knowing that my aunt would be hosting others.My husband and I stayed in a room/suite with a king bed on the 5th floor overlooking the driving range. Since we weren't there for vacation but for a funeral, we did not take advantage of all the hotel had to offer. We did spend a few hours at the pools (beautiful!) and took a brief walk on the teeny tiny beach - very clean. The hotel was not crowded, but we were there in the off season. The room air conditioner worked wonderfully in the humid post-Ivan pre-Jeanne storm week. Both our room and my sisters' rooms were clean and well-furnished, everything worked wonderfully. A call for extra towels was answered promptly, although the request for a knife to cut the lime for the rum  cokes was never fulfilled. Oh well, after a few Don Q's who cared if our lime is peeled, not sliced?Someone mentioned the slow check in - we had the same experience. However, since most people are on VACATION, take a deep breath and sink into the rhythm of the island - everything moves slowly except the worktruck drivers with the unsecured loads around blind curves on the wrong side of the road - that's just Puerto Rico. The staff was very courteous, and even though our travel agent only booked 1 room when we asked for 2, the lady at the check in counter took it all in stride and checked us in.The breakfast buffet which is free has a wide variety of food - eggs, meat, cereal, fruit, yogurt, coffee, juice, etc. Can't complain about free.Over all, a nice experience. In fact, the rooms are so spacious we probably could have all shared one with no problem. When we return to PR we will most likely stay there again instead of my aunt's as it was affordable, spacious, and clean, and we don't have to share a bathroom with my aunt and cousins, as well as displace people. I will still go there for the food tho - way better than a restaurant and the cafe con leche is to die for!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best in Dorado We stayed at the Embassy Suites in July of 2004. Very clean...GREAT pool area (esp. for kids). The beach was on the small side, but we found that we stayed by the pool more anyway. We visited the two Hyatt hotels in Dorado (not the rooms, but the restaurants, casino and lobby areas) and thought that the Embassy Suites was by FAR the nicest hotel in the area. Having a two-room suite was great! One thing to be wary about, though, is the view...there really isn't much from most of the rooms...you might be able to see a sliver of the ocean, but not much. If you stay in Dorado..you absolutely must RENT A CAR!!!!! There are plenty of fast food places to eat in Dorado, but you'll be about 30-40 min. away from San Juan and the taxi rides are incredibly expensive!! Be ready to drive about 1.5 hours to the east coast (Culebra, Fajardo, etc.) And also be ready for VERY VERY confusing road signs....and the drivers in PR...they drive like bats out of you-know-where!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Embassy Suites-Dorado Puerto Rico-Great Family Vacation Our family (parents  2 kids: ages 7  11) enjoyed a lovely week at the Dorado Embassy Suites! It proved a fine destination for spring break - with well appointed, nicely decorated, suites with terraces, most facing the ocean. There were two TVs; the door between the suite's master bedroom locked the kids out on their own side, allowing adult privacy. A perfect, self contained resort with a great golf course adjacent to the property (and 4 others just minutes away). We stayed on the top floor (7th)  really enjoyed the ocean view! If you want an ocean view, ask for it, as the rooms that face the front of the hotel, view the golf course. Having a fridge  microwave was nice - we stocked up on bottled water  sodas at a local drugsotre. The hotel is rather isolated, making a rental car important if you want to explore the island. While the hotel dining choices are limited, we enjoyed many delicious dinners at a local, casual restaurant called PEE-WEE's'(next to McDonald's). It was so good that we had to go again - and again! There are (too) many familiar fast food operations just a 5 minute drive from the hotel. While the hotel offers a listing of fancy eaterys in Old San Juan, they also have a small binder featuring local restaurants with delicious Puerto Rican  American offerings. A 24-hour Wallgreens accross from the hotel's gated community, sold everything from pool floats, sunscren, snacks and inexpensive t-shirts (a nice alternative to the more expensive hotel gift shop)! We loved the breakfast buffets and found the manager's cocktail party each evening a relaxing bonus. The kids liked having the chance to have pina coladas (without rum!). The hot tub was a popular spot during those evening parties! The multi-tiered/level pool (max depth is @ 4 1/2 feet) is just perfect for kids  parents, also featuring shallow areas for little ones. There were also schedlued kid activities - beach bingo, baloon toss, kick-board swim relays, etc. - free  fun for the kids. While we'd heard the beach was small, it was bigger than we expected! The water is calm  shallow because they've build stone walls to create a protected cove.... a perfect spot to toss a float in the ocean  relax! Lots of sand. It does get rocky about 15 or 20 feet from the shore. Great for kids- no big waves  very safe.... the beach does not connect to other beaches along the shore - so you can not walk to other hotels or beaches. Plenty of chairs, chaises etc. Rental umbrellas, cabanas, kayaks  floats are available. The staff was wonderful  pleasant. Virtually everyone (short of the maids) spoke English well. If you go, get a GOOD map - don't depend on the free tourist maps. There is a washer/dryer laundry room available in the hotel - it was great to pack less, knowing we could do laundry. Would we go back? ...YES! The hotel staff is friendly  helpful; the facilities are relatively new, bright  well maintained. Given the range of choices, the Dorado Embassy Suites provides great value in a lovely location. Note: we were there over Easter weekend - the hotel was VERY busy. Students in PuertoRico were on school break the week before Easter and many families escape the nearby San Juan area for Easter weekend. The Monday after Easter was remarkabaly calm  quiet at the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed... Just returned from a 4-night stay at the Embassy Suites in Dorado, P.R., with my husband and 18-month old daughter. We took advantage of the hotel?s online web special which included an ocean view suite. When we got to the hotel, we were told that the only ocean view suites available were smoking rooms (we asked for non-smoking). They then downgraded us to a partial ocean view (full parking lot view) but still charged us the same amount. The woman assured me we were still getting a good deal, but the whole thing didn?t sit well with me. The a/c in the room was not working when we got there, the walls of the room are paper thin, car horns and alarms were going off in the parking lot below us, and they put us in a corner room near the ice machine which was very loud, as well as some kind of staff-only area where we could hear the staff talking and rolling things around until about 9-10pm at night. My daughter and I couldn?t fall asleep with all of the noise. We even had to call security one night because the people in the room next door were slamming cabinets, doors, and yelling out loud at 10pm. If the walls weren?t so thin, it probably would?ve been okay.I was also extremely annoyed that the ?Kid?s Club? room was a big room with nothing in it except a ping pong table. There was no ?Kids Club? as far as we could tell and definitely no board with activities for kids even though I called the hotel a couple of days beforehand to specifically ask about it! The only thing to do with a young child is the swimming pool which is the one great thing about this hotel. The pool area is very nice and clean. There is also shallow end that is fantastic for the smaller toddlers to splash around.Overall, most of the staff was extremely friendly and pretty helpful, especially in the buffet area. The wait staff was great about smiling and stopping to say hello, as well as play with our daughter. The bell staff were quick to answer our needs (like fixing the a/c and bringing up a crib for our daughter). The front desk staff is a different story; slow, unhelpful, and unfriendly. The concierge ladies weren?t very friendly, but they definitely helped us out with things to do in PR. The buffet was good, but very busy and in too small of a space. The Manager?s Special was good, but kind of dead, we thought. Lastly, the beach is beautiful, but as others have mentioned, very small.I would definitely research other resort type hotels and other areas of the country before staying at the Embassy Suites again. I was not impressed by this hotel at all and blame the management staff for hotels deficiencies. The staff does try hard to help you enjoy your stay ? too bad management doesn?t seem to care.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Bother with Embassy Suites in Dorado We just returned from an 8 day trip where we stayed at the Embassay Suites in Dorado, P.R. The hotel was obviously poorly managed. There were problems with housekeeping (some days the maid did not show up) dining rooms (buffet breakfast was cold, messy and very disorganized - too many people in too small a space), concierge service (the concierge was hardly ever there and when she was, there were 12 people waiting to speak with her), groundskeeping (they powerwashed the pool area and turned on sprinklers in the middle of the day soaking everyone and driving them away from the pool area with the noise of the power washer). The pool area is nice however, when they began power washing it was impossible to sit out and relax - the noise was horrible. The service in the two restaurants was third-world. The servers had no concept of time, moved very slowly and we often waited over an hour for food. Really terrible and stressful. The hotel is also trying to sell timeshares of some of their units and there were local people paraded around the hotel everyday. These locals, for their trouble, are given a free night's stay at the hotel for sitting through the presentation. This causes an incredible swell in the hotel occupancy on the weekends - the hotel is full of locals and eating at the already dangerously overcrowded breakfast on Saturday and Sunday, becomes downright risky. The hotel's response to this is to put up a sign encouraging people to have breakfast early and avoid the rush of people however, they should put up a sign saying Having breakfast after 6:30 a.m. could lead to trampeling injuries including the possibility of death. The sign should also state that eating after 6:30 a.m. does not guarantee you a plate, fork, knife, cup, saucer or and juice, coffee or milk. It's okay though because the food is awful anyway and you'd be better off skipping the breakfast altogether. Unfortunetly, there is little here that does not disappoint. The daily managers cocktail reception offers only stale popcorn in plastic cups and a cheap party mix of pretzels and chips. The drinks are served in 6 oz. cups that are finished with three mouthfuls requiring you to stand back on the line to get another one before you make it back to your chair. I would not recommend this place to anyone - everything about it was cheap, cheap, cheap.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2004
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for families After staying at the Caribe Hilton and then another resort in Aguadilla, this was heaven. Extemely friendly staff from the moment you arrived, free breakfast every morning, and drinks from 5-7pm. Family friendly, wonderful pools, food very reasonable (grilled cheese, drink and fries $4.95), very neat and clean rooms, laundry facilities and safe location. Had their own small beach which was cleaned every am and staff came to you on the beach. Secluded and sheltered so kids can swim. Would go back in a minute. Ranks above Caribe Hilton on cleanliness and on same level for friendly staff. If you have children and you just want to swim and relax, this is the place for you.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bill993
<Content>Stayed at Embassey Feb 2004 great time Great hotel. Clean and friendly people. The beach at the hotel is small but clean. No sea weed since there is rocks making a little bay for the hotel. about 1/4 mile away there is a great public beach with calm waters. The only complaint is the hot tub out at the pool had no hot water. The staff said it has been broke for a while. Besides that I had a great time with small refrigerator and coffee machine in the room. Manager's reception was definity long enough. 5:30 to 7:30. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sp2001
<Content>nice place   showReview(1658369, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Roofie
<Content>Good time at the Embassy Suites Dorado   showReview(1539962, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ARBUFL
<Content>Quiet Family Hotel   showReview(1520682, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An insider look to Dorado   showReview(1507061, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay, but disappointed   showReview(1118620, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mastmi
<Content>Embassy Suites Dorado del Mar Excellent!   showReview(1022843, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vshawz
<Content>perfect getaway from NJ   showReview(986556, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happytobeonvacation
<Content>very enjoyable   showReview(855979, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great hotel, bad location   showReview(634511, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great spot for winter family vacation   showReview(470509, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bridge24
<Content>un' esperienza da ripetere   showReview(14906367, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel, aber eine Renovierung w盲re teilweise n枚tig   showReview(15571679, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>QcFrenchconnection
<Content>Vacances extraordinaires   showReview(6744133, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

