<Author>JLennonLuton_UK
<Content>Loved the AB Skipper I was a bit dubious about not staying close to La Rambla for this trip, but was delighted that we booked the AB Skipper when we arrived.Staff were very pleasant throughout the duration of our trip and their English was superb.The only downside (or so I thought) was that the hotel isn't located directly on the beach. However, after we got settled in our gorgeous, clean room, this was quickly forgotten.Breakfast was superb and finishes at 11.30am on Sunday mornings.Staying at the AB Skipper felt more like a holiday than a city trip.Would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Eidu
<Content>Luxury by the sea We just returned from our holiday in Barcelona and truly enjoyed hotel AB Skipper. The location is marvelous: you can enjoy the cooling breeze from the sea and still reach the city centre in no time. The metro station is right there (yellow line takes you 100 meters from La Rambla or alternatively take the yellow line to the opposite direction to reach a big mall) and touristic buss stops in the next block (take the buss in the morning and you鈥檒l get a seat in the upper deck). Also taxi is very cheap (5鈧?from La Rambla to the hotel). In the beach boulevard there鈥檚 variety of restaurants, also some high-class choices. Also McDonalds and Pizza Hut are there. Bars and lounges can be found on the beach level.The hotel is very clean and comfortable. The atic pool is a gem: lots of sun beds and chairs and great views to the sea. The ground level pool is not so enjoyable, there are few sun beds and the sea breeze doesn鈥檛 get here. The were several computers that guest could use, free of charge. The gym has air conditioning and it has a decent amount of equipment, enough to get your daily exercise done. Service in the hotel was excellent. The front desk was always willing to help. Our room was marvelous. We had de luxe room and really appreciated the terrace that had a sea view. Since the terrace wall was all glass, the rooms felt very airy and spacious. The toilet was first class, with bath robes and slippers and high-class products. What was superb was the turndown service during which they also wiped the bath room floor and changed some towels. Breakfast had a variety of choices, we liked especially the fresh fruit, nicely peeled and chopped. Cava, red and white wine was there every day.I can鈥檛 think of any complaints. Some reviewers complained about the sirens. We spent five nights and only on Saturday night we heard sirens. The sound can be heard very clearly, so I understand that it can be annoying if it happens many times.I truly recommend this hotel to anybody who wants to have a memorably stay in Barcelona. The room price is high, I admit that, but you really get value for your money.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>holidays001
<Content>We thoroughly enjoyed the AB Skipper and the friendly staff We were not sure where to stay in Barcelona - particularly that this was our first time in this wonderful city. Fortunately we came across the AB Skipper - as it offered all the necessary requirements (close to the beach; gym, swimming pool(s); and internet). Amenities in the bathroom were appreciated. The choice of the teas were most welcome and made returning back to the hotel after an exhausting day something to look forward to. On arrival at the hotel we were allocated rooms on the 6th floor - overlooking the pool. This was ideal as there was very little noise from the street. The location to the beach, promenade was excellent, the metro around the corner and very convenient to travel to the centre of Barcelona. Most tourists tend to stay in the Ramblas area - but certainly would recommend anyone to stay at AB Skipper (Port Olympic). Close proximity to the nightlife of Barcelona and a choice of restaurants to choose from. We travelled with our teenage children who thoroughly enjoyed the hotel and to top it, the breakfast was delicious. Should we ever return to Barcelona there is only one place that we would return to. AB Skipper hotel and staff thank you for the memorable time we had in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rlf_vancity
<Content>Nice, not great, and not a 5 star We were booked into this hotel for a conference, after being bumped from the Hotel Arts next door. While the AB Skipper is new, modern and bills itself as a 5 star, we would not return on our own dollar. While it was nice, nothing was particularly outstanding and the value for money was quite poor.The pros.... The hotel is new, modern and the rooms are fairly big. The bathrooms are very interesting, and the staff is very attentive once focused on an issue. The rooms are exceptionally clean.The cons...The location is terrible - it is not beach side, and is not central to the downtown area....rather just crammed indistinctively between some run down apartments, a busy road and an office tower. The room was rather dark, and we had to be moved because our first room smelled badly of smoke even though it was supposed to be non-smoking. The breakfast was adequate, but not exceptional and not what I would expect for over 300 Euro per night. No hot water in the tub, and the bathroom products were not replaced even once.The worst part was that the hotel was overrun with corporate events, and habitually closed down its public spaces for these events. I tried to use the pool on three different occasions, only to find it closed each time! Overall, not good value for money. While nothing was *bad* per se, the AB Skipper just wasn't exceptional in any way. It is certainly not the 5 star it bills itself out as.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Liveformyholidays
<Content>Great base to explore Barcelona A modern hotel right by the Olympic harbour and two minutes from the beach. It's very comfortable and high standard, the restaurant excellent quality and reasonably priced. This hotel is near the metro and the stop for the open top bus and about 15 minutes walk to La Rambla (or in our case a 6 euro taxi ride).Great modern bathroom with all mod cons including decent powerful hairdryer, slippers, robes etc all the usual you would expect in a good hotel but don't always get. Hotel also has two very nice pools - would be a good hotel to stay in with kids because of this and proximity to beach.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Eaden
<Content>Eccentric modern hotel, but good I wasn't the only person in my work party who had an embarrasing story to tell when I checked in to this hotel - I just couldn't find the toilet - I knew it was hiding somewhere, but it was so cunningly disguised I almost had an accident. Finally found it lurking behind a sliding door in the bathroom (either the shower is open or the toilet!) Still, this is uber modern and chic and I am just a bit too much the wrong side of thirty. I also had a bit of a challenge getting out onto the balcony. And I was sober. Still, gizmos apart, this is a very elegant hotel. It's good for the conference centre area (a taxi ride) and is a little walk from the sea, but it is a bit out of town too. Very nice non alcoholic cocktails in the bar, a very good breakfast too.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>TravelingMx
<Content>Ok experience... overpriced!       Bathtub  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	3	5	3	

<Author>MH75
<Content>Great Hotel! I recently stayed at the Hotel AB Skipper for one night and I wish I could have stayed longer, this is truly a contemporary and modern hotel, the rooms are comfortable with so many little extras. The bathroom is modern and chic with quirky design concepts, and the sliding shower door doubles up for the toilet door! The room had a very comfortable bed, mini-bar, bath robes, slippers, iron  ironing board, wardrobe lights up when you open it, digital safe to put your own pin number in and large enough to take my laptop!! There are cupboards with additional pillows and blankets if you need those extra comforts, adjustable plasma TV with information about the hotel, was even able to set my wake up call through the TV, obviusly many of the channels are in Spanish but who needs to be watching TV when the beach is only 2 minutes walk away? The roof terrace is beautiful as well as the spa, would definitely recommend taking a trip up there. Didn't actually get to eat in the hotel restaurants but the menus looked amazing. The beach front has some amazing places to eat as well some clubs, I ate at CDLC, trluy scrumptious food brought to you while you kick off your shoes and relax on one of the beds while relaxing music plays in the background, then later it turns into a happening club where the music gets louder and the people pile in. Another place of interest is Ice Barcelona if you fancy getting out of the heat for an icy drink!!! You are given hats, gloves, coats and scarves, apparently temperatures in there are -7 degrees and everything is made out of ice including the bar and your glass!! This is a truly great place to hang out and I would recommend Hotel AB Skipper, can't wait to go back in April!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>wilson17
<Content>too many problems for 5 stars I stayed for 2 nights at this new very modern hotel near the water. The hotel outside, lobby and rooms are beautiful in a modern, minimalist style. But there were too many small-moderate problems. The air conditioning, which turns off whenever you leave the room, starts very slowly and has controls that are difficult to understand. Someone sent to help me didn't understand or at least couldn't explain the controls, even after several calls on his cell. But it finally turned itself on and worked well (for a day that was not particularly warm). Wifi internet is advertized, but there was no hint of a signal in the room. Another guy came with a cable, and wired access was fine. The light switches are difficult to figure out. The shower was well designed, with a good water flow, except that there was always a leak from the sliding door. The bathroom sink looked nice, but the faucet design caused splashing at all but the lowest flow rate. The bathroom had no Kleenex or face cloths and the room no clock. The TV worked the first night, but for the entire second night made funny noises and gave the message no interactivity at the moment. This was additionally a problem as the only alarm in the room was part of the TV, and one morning they forgot my wake up call. But the bed was comfortable, towels plush and room spacious. The conference rooms were nicely appointed, and several conference meals were excellent. Included breakfast was excellent, as were nightly chocolates.Overall good potential, but really too many things to fix.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Crickett28
<Content>Enjoyable (but a little annoying) stay at the Skipper My husband and I stayed at the Skipper for 4 nights this winter. It is truly a very nice hotel, but had some shortcomings for a true 5-star hotel.To sum up, if you are looking for a plush modern hotel with amenities near the water, then the Skipper is a good choice. However, if you are seeking a completely stress-free, no hassle, luxurious 5-star hotel (especially for the price), then I might look around a bit more until the Skipper fixes some of its teething problems. We were greeted by a young British girl who presumably deals with the English speaking guests. While very friendly, her way of highlighting the hotel's advantages was a bit odd, to say the least. Rather than pointing out local sights, restaurants, or transport, etc, she instead rhapsodised about the 'brilliant blow dryer' in the room, and pointed out in some detail the rather obvious features of the room (eg. 'this is a TV, this is the air conditioning). Gee, really? It would have been far more useful if she had instead pointed out that the taps in the sink would, without fail, splash a load of water all over the floor every time they were used. Or that sometimes there would be no hot water in the tub. As some previous reviewers have pointed out, you will need to read the guide to operate the tub! I will say that the shower itself was great, with good water pressure for Europe, even if it did leak all over the floor whenever used. The room itself was really nicely appointed - a big bed, comfy chairs/sofa, adequate desk, fully loaded minibar, loads of storage space, and we had a great view into the city. Lots of toiletries, although the very anti-environmental plastic packaging on every single product was a bit overkill. There is a snazzy coffee machine and kettle in the room, with lots of coffee and teas to choose from. I ordered room service for a late afternoon snack and the food was delicious. However, we found so many little things to be a bit annoying, which added up to a somewhat bigger annoyance. For example: - The bank of light switches for the suite gives no indication of what switch controls what light, and you will invariably wind up turing them all off and on several times before finding the right one. Not a big deal, but annoying if one of you is trying to sleep, and the other is flashing lights on and off in an attempt to find the bathroom light. - There is a pillow menu in the room from which you can choose various types of pillows. A neat idea, and one that we took advantage of. After a night sleeping on my selected pillow, I decided that it didn't really work for me (but fun to try), only to realise that the maid had taken away my original pillow! I had to call housekeeping to have one of the original pillows delivered to the room. Not the end of the world, but I would have rather been sleeping than waiting up for a new pillow to be delivered to the room. - There are menus all over the room, listing things the hotel can provide: food, drinks, baths, pillows. However, the housekeeping/front desk numbers don't seem to appear on them or anywhere near the phone, so you will have to go thumbing through the hotel guide just to find the extension you are looking for. - The card key for our rooms did not work on a couple of occasions, so be sure to have a spare one on hand when you go out. - The 'do not disturb' sign was ignored on several occasions. I was awoken once, notwithstanding the do not disturb sign hanging on the door, while having a nap to have chocolates delivered to my room! Really, I could have waited. The next day, one of the maids proceeded to clean the bathroom while my husband was sleeping in the bed - he woke up rather surprised, to say the least! Conversely, we put out the sign to have the room made up for several hours in the morning, but when we came back to the hotel mid-afternoon, nobody had heeded it. - The bar in the lobby turns off the lights in the adjacent bathrooms during the afternoon. While I applaud their efforts at not wasting electricity, there does not seem to be any way to turn the light on if you need them! There are no motion detectors or switches that I could find at all, and I wound up actually cutting my hand on something while groping around in the dark. Very unpleasant. As the Skipper is situated next door to a hospital (and a medical centre with groovy architecture), the sound of ambulances can be heard constantly throughout the day and night. If you are not already a 'city sleeper', then a pair of earplugs would not go amiss. Of course, this is no fault of the hotel, but be forewarned. So, enough with the complaints. On the plus side, the location is great if you want to be near the waterfront. I went for a run next to the beach in the morning, and it was just beautiful. You can walk to the bars and restaurants of El Borne (if you are accustomed to walking - it might be a bit far otherwise). However, the Olympic tube stop is just a 5 minute walk away and will take you wherever you want to go without hassle. Watch out for pickpockets! As a side note, Villa Vinteca in the Borne is a fantastic wine shop with a huge selection for reasonable prices - you can go very inexpensive or break the bank, but they really know their stuff. There is a secluded little spot on the first floor of the hotel (2nd floor if you are coming from the US), around the corner to the right when exiting the lifts. It has lots of cozy chairs and a selection of reading magazines and books for browsing. A good place to chill for just a bit if you don't feel like sitting in your room or at the bar. If it's warm, head outside though! The staff that we dealt with were friendly and helpful. Clearly, none of the above are enough to rule out staying at the hotel completely. It is pretty swish, in a modern minimalist way. And I will caveat that all of the above bothered me more than my husband, so who knows, you may think it's perfect! No matter where you stay, Barcelona is an amazing city.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Okemosian
<Content>Sleek and pleasant with some quirks We stayed at the Skipper 8 nights for a combination conference/getaway. We found the staff quite accommodating and friendly and the hotel very pleasant. It does have a very minimalist decor but it grew on us. And the location is excellent. It's nice to be so close to the beach and some great beach-front restaurants, and to be fairly close to La Ramblas, etc. That said, we found a few things somewhat quirky, certainly the bathroom facilities. They don't supply kleenex (well, a teeny packet of tissues) or washcloths. They do offer combs and toothbrushes and other nice amenities. The shower was amusing - there is a 5-step instruction card to turning it on, which can be fun when you are seriously jetlagged. Likewise, the bathtub, outfitted with the same oh-so-sleek system, was a puzzle. We had to call down to the front desk to seek help with getting hot water. And in the end, it was not very hot - there is apparently some scald control built in, and I like my baths hot, but...And the shower leaked all over the floor each time, right into the toilet floor area. And the lighting, well, it makes you look positively cadaverous. The sink is trough-like and shallow, and the faucet controls reminded me of stick-shifts with no indicators. Much water was sprayed in all directions in trying to adjust them. It was all actually pretty humorous but I felt sorry for housekeeping, having to mop up so much water every day. So the bathroom was very sleek-looking but not the most functional/practical we've ever encountered.  The bed was very comfortable. The noise level for us was pretty high as we were closest to the hospital nearby. Sirens at night, but we got used to it. Maid service was just fine. We and many of the attendees we were with had repeated trouble with their room key cards failing. We swapped ours out for new ones about 4 times.   We ate only in the bar (not restaurant) area a couple times, and here's a tip - if you aren't interested in the five or so sandwiches etc. that they offer, just ask them to make up a plate of tapas. A much better deal, better food. For some very good and inxpensive sandwiches, soups, salads, just head to the beachfront - there's a very pleasant indoor/outdoor cafe/sandwich place nearish the casino (stay away from the casino, a rip-off) And there along the beachfront we also recommend Agua, a restaurant apparently quite popular with the locals. (Try the three-cheese risotto - to die for. )  The conference facilities were good and the free Internet on business pcs there was nice. Elevators were fast.  Having been in Barcelona only once, I probably would try somewhere else on a 2nd trip, if only to see something new, not because our stay at the AB Skipper was negative. It was very nice, on the whole.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>PJBManchester
<Content>Fantastic weekend in a 5 star hotel We have just returned from a two night stay (26/27 Oct) at this fantastic hotel. We had been a little unsure about it's location but we shouldn't have worried, it suited us just fine. A short walk to the beach and a 15/20 minute walk takes you to the old town. The room was lovely and we really appreciated the fab toiletries, bath robes and slippers. We chose to eat out for lunch and dinner but can recommend the superb breakfast. The staff are more than happy to arrange eggs cooked to order or your choice of coffee, just ask. The reception staff, especially Claire, and the porters are also worth a mention. We will definitely return to this hotel....  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>London_Mo
<Content>Looks fancier than it is       By one of the pools  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	2	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>TaraRice
<Content>Great Hotel for a Barcelona Break We stayed at the Ab Skipper for a week in August, after getting a good B and B deal on lastminute.com. The hotel has some great features - we loved the weather forecast and the chocolates on our bed every night, as well as the free welcome drink on arrival. The room has a lot of good extras - e.g. bathrobes, slippers, toothbrushes, even perfume. This was in the standard room. The hotel has 2 swimming pools but we found that it was hard to get a sunbed at times (we stayed in August and it was warm enough to sunbathe). The breakfast was amazing - they had everything you could wish for. We didn't eat in the restuarant in the evening(it was always empty) but there are plenty of great places to eat either on the beachfront or in town. The nearest tube station (Cuitadella Vila Olimpica) was less than 5 minutes walk from the hotel and we often caught the train a couple of stops to get nearer to the centre. However, you could also walk to the Harbour in 10-15 mins and the Rambles was about a 20-30 min walk. The hotel staff was friendly and spoke good English. All in all, a very nice hotel and we would recommend this to friends and family.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	2	4	4	4	

<Author>Decky67
<Content>Excellent stay ! Spent 5 days here in August.Our room was ultra modern with lcd tv, mini bar, balcony overlooking pool  sea, loewe bathroom products, rainforest shower, evening turndown.Breakfast well worth including in the price - offers both continental  various cooked options.Rooftop pool - fantastic ! Doesn't open till 10am which means German  English guests can't reserve beds at 5am then go back to bed !!Magic stay in a great city - would ONLY stay here when I return.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bolli102
<Content>Great Hotel Fantastic hotel5 star hotel - and it was....Staff excellent helpful and friendlyRooms fitted out to a high spec, to include double ended baths and separate shower, large comfortable beds, mini bar, coffee n stuff, bathrobes and slippers. Beds turned down in the evening with a delicious chocolate and the wether forecast on a card.Menus - Food, pillows and even a bath menu!2 pools one on the group floor and a roof top pool with bar and views over the harbour and the city.... chilled out music - bathrobes provided so very chilled out ideal for romantic weekends. - I could have stayed longer that 4 days but hubby would let me!Breakfast catered for all tastes - if your looking for a greasy fry up this is NOT the place to go...Close to the sea, bus tours five mins walk away as well as good local restaurant , drinks expensive in hotel but then you would expect that.We will be going back...  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>TannerLondon
<Content>A perfect birthday surprise Returned yesterday from our stay at the AB Skipper and have to say that it more than met expectations. I booked a Delux room direct with the hotel as part of a surprise 40th birthday present for my girlfriend. I mentioned on the booking Comments that it was a birthday surprise and wanted a room on an upper floor with a sea view. Upon arrival the we were greeted by Olga at reception who spoke excellent English and was very friendly. She informed us that we had been upgraded to a superior room, located on the sixth floor with a sea view. Good start!. Room was the best I've ever stayed in: spacious, modern, great view of the beach and sea, huge king-sized bed, bathroom with jacuzzi, separate shower and seperate toilet, all the necessary toiletries you could wish for etc etc. We spent the first day on the roof terrace with pool, chilling out after an early morning flight. I won't go into detail but it was faultless. Early evening we received a complimentary bottle of Cava, which was a nice touch. On the day of my girlfreinds birthday we returned to our room about 6 to find Room Service had dressed the bed and jacuzzi with rose petals. I'm not one to normally write reviews, but this hotel made, what would have been a great stay anyway, a very special stay. They also booked some great restaurants for us. The Lomja De Tapas, in the Born district, great tapas and unpretentious. Birthday meal was at the Torre D'alta mar - sits at the top of Torre de San Sebastian which is a cable car tower and has 360 panaoramic views of Barcelona 75 metres up. Top class with top class prices, but a special occassion restaurant. Enough said. I will return next time I'm in Barcelona and needlesstosay recommend.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JB60TRAVELS
<Content>Great Stay We enjoyed our 3 night stay at the AB Skipper. We had been in Barcelona before and wanted to stay at the beach this time. The previous time we stayed up closer to the 2 Gaudi buildings on P de Gracia.The location is not close to the tourist sites, but such sites are easily reached by public transit or a 6-7 euro cab ride.Our room was not ready when we arrived at the end of our cruise, but as the hotel was not full we were offered a free upgrade. The front desk staff all spoke English and were very helpful. Breakfast was included and the overall choices and quality were very high.The hotel was very clean and quiet. We had a king bed which was very comfortable.The TV in the room had several English language stations, including CNN.Our room was close to the street but we were not disturbed at all at night.The air conditioning worked very well, which is importanat in the Barcelona summer. The hotel has 2 nice size pools with an ample number of avaialble sun beds. There is an area with 4 computers with free internet access in the level below the main lobby. The only issue that we had was that the shower was slow to drain.We needed a taxi van to the airport so we spoke to the front desk clerk the night before our departure. He arranged for it and it was waiting for us the next morning at the time that was arranged.We considered the AB Skipper and the Hotel Arts for our stay. The AB Skipper was about half of the price of the Hotel Arts and we were very happy with the choice that we made.We would not hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scones-and-jam
<Content>best hotel we have ever stayed in! My husband and I have just returned from a wonderful stay at the Ab Skipper Hotel in Barcelona.Initially we were a little disappointed with the quite stark decor of the reception area but once we clicked in to the minimalist, funky style we grew to appreciate it! The rooms were lovely and again modern in design with a great bathroom with a 'rain' shower. Nice touches were little cakes in the bedroom on our arrival and chocolates on the pillows at night. The bed was the comfiest I have ever slept in and there was even a 'pillow menu' to allow you to select your favourite pillow-type!There were two pool areas - one rooftop and one on the ground floor. Great service around both with really comfy loungers and complimentary towels which were replaced frequently. We had breakfast at the hotel which was amazing! Endless choice of fruit, juices, cooked breakfast, pastries and cava. We didn't eat there in the evening as it was very expensive but there are lots of great restaurants in the Olympic Port area.The position of the hotel was also great - a couple of minutes walk to the beach and Port area and also a couple of minutes to the metro. We walked from the hotel to all of Barcelona's main attractions - although would recommend a metro to Gaudi's Sculpture Park which is definitely worth a visit.All in all a fantastic hotel in a fantastic city - book it now!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>rajshah
<Content>Ab Skipper is really good We have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Ab Skipper( july30-aug 4th) and we really enjoyed our stay here.The rooms are comfortable and spacious . The bathrooms was also big with good supply of nice toiletiries . As the Hotel is very new , the bath towels are lovely and fluffy! The rooms are cleaned very well and do have free internet , however the wifi works in frequently but you can get a wired connection. For a city hotel , the 2 swimming pools are an added bliss. The Breakfast food quality is very good and the service is pleasant. The location is near the Port olympic area , which is a short (10 mins) walk to the city centre. The beach is only a 50m walk. Being vegetarians , we were surprised at the number of really good vegetarians restaurants. For pizza, La veronica is unbeatable and is located at 2-4 Rambla del Raval. Also La Bascula at 30 C. dels Flassaders is good for crepes, pastas,sandwiches ,fresh juices etc. Juicy Jones at 76 c.Hospital is good for freshly squeezed juices, lovely salads , sandwiches and is inexpensive., Amaltea at 164 Diptacio is another good veggie restaurant. So is Buenas Migas at 6 Placa Bonsucces.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>mattrLondon
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed in this hotel from 20 to 23 July and found it to be very good. The location (Port Olympic) is slightly out of the way, but it is only a 10-15 minute walk into the city. If you are looking for a hotel in central Barcelona then this is not for you - but it is certainly close enough to walk everywhere and it has the advantage of being vey close to the beach with amazing views of the Med. The hotel is very new and so the facilities are very good - the rooms are well appointed and the pool areas (there are 2, one on the roof of the hotel and one at ground level) are superb for a non-resort hotel. The staff were efficient (both on the desk and in the bar and restaurant), although not overly friendly. We found the food to be very good and the cocktails at the bars were great.Overall, I would not hesitate to stay again and would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>WayneyC
<Content>Service poor for a 5 star!! I wanted to take my wife for a long weekend away to Barcelona and had planned to stay at The Arts but it was full.I then heard that the Skipper was a good alternative and booked for our 5 night trip.Generally this hotel gives a good standard of quality but with a few rather large annoying problems listed below.1) The key card to our room did not recognise the lock every time we tried to get in the room. We would then had to go to reception to replace the key and there attitude about the problem was rather poor and quite rude on occassion trying to blame it on us putting it in wrong! You dont expect that from a 5 star.2) The hotel is located near the hospital. There was numerous occassions that ambulance sirens would go off during the day and night which were quite annoying.3) Our stay was over a weekend. We had a lovely room overlooking the pool and sea but obviously being the weekend the hotel was quite busy with drunken revalers drinking at the outside bar til gone 4.30 one morning!! It was quite noisy and difficult to get to sleep.On a good note the rooms were spacious and the bathrooms appointed very well. I agree with some of the other reviews about the shower leaking but to be fair its not that bad.Breakfast was one of the best buffets that we have had in a hotel but at 23 euros you would hope it would be.Would i stay here again? Only if i couldnt get in to the ARTs.Please Please can the staff have some more training on how to act in a 5 star hotel rather that a 4 star.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>sdbrown_us
<Content>So-so stay at the Skipper We were disappointed with our stay at the Skipper. Although very new and clean, it seemed to lack atmosphere and the service you would expect from a 5 Star Hotel. The front desk was efficient, if not (overall) friendly. The room was small and everything seemed hidden in the walls. The bathroom was really small and the shower wouldn't drain properly.On the otherhand, the Breakfat Buffett was nice. The food selection and quality were very good. The price seemd within our expectations.On another note, for some reason they didn't explain clearly, the Skipper front desk would not honor my Expedia hotel room rate..Bottomline....If you want to stay close to the beach at a Five star property, try the the Hotel Arts, 2 blocks away.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VeryFrequentTraveler
<Content>Moderate Hotel My husband and I stayed in the AB Skipper hotel for one weekend in June. He had a conference at the Arts Hotel and we originally wanted to continue to stay there but they had no availability. The AB Skipper is a moderate hotel. For a 5 star hotel, it is quite disappointing. Our rooms were serviced only once a day (usually the housekeeping comes again in the evening but not at this hotel). Also, they have wireless internet and we were quite impressed by this when we first were told this. However, the internet only works if you are in certain areas of the room. So we ended up having to sit in the corner of the bed to have internet access. Very strange! Also, at night, the lobby has these incredibly bright ceiling lights - which totally take all the potential ambiance away. Overall, the AB Skipper was moderate, to say the least. If you're looking for a hotel that is right near the beach and that is not too expensive, this is the one for you. But otherwise, if you have higher expectations for a 5 star hotel, stay at Hotel Arts!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>annabanana1230
<Content>Take someone special and they will feel very special indeed I took my Boyfriend here for his birthday and booked the Deluxe Suite with a Terrace/balcony on the 6th floor which has a view over the sea. Price wise this was really reasonable for what you got.This is the best hotel I have ever stayed in there are some simple touches that make your stay great. There is a menu for what type of pillow you want and there is room service twice a day with great toiletries. The room was modern and very comfortable with huge wardrobes you can just sling your suitcase in so it doesnt clogg up the room. The bathroom was huge with a big bath and seperate shower.To top it off on the evening of my boyfriends birthday, we were sitting on the Balcony and we had a beautiful bottle of Cava with a plate of chocolate covered stawberrries delivered compliments of the hotel. I could not recomend this hotel enough It is not far from the ramblas but closer to the beaches with a massive choice of fantastic restaraunts nearby.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>YveyCorkIreland
<Content>Good location near Beach and marina This is a newly built hotel in Barcelona near the Marina and beach area. The rooms are fabulous and the bathrooms very spacious with separate bath and shower, however we had problems with the temperature of the water being too cold. We complained but it took them nearly another 12 hours to fix it, the tap with the thermostat needed to be replaced. The hotel did not offer anything extra to us due to this problems which for a 5* very much annoyed me, as we were only there for 3 days. The two swimming pools are fabulous, one is on the roof overlooking the beach. One of the porter was most friendly to us - he spoke to the maintenance person in English regarding the water. Location is good and metro is just across the road, to walk along the beach and marina is very closeby and also the casino is around the corner, near all the lovely restaurants. Breakfast was included in our deal, but when we were checking out they tried to charged us, we had to ask for the manager and nearly missed our bus to the airport. All in all it is a good hotel - but I suppose it has teething problems being new, however they should look after their visitors better if they want more to come back!  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	4	2	5	

<Author>hardt0please
<Content>Amazing in every way       View from the roof pool terrace  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>zacca
<Content>Excellent hotel by the sea We have just returned from a weekend at this new hotel in the Villa Olympica area of Barcelona. Everything was excellent from the moment we checked in. We had a room on the 6th floor with a balcony and sea view, the room and bathroom were immaculate. Robes and slippers are provided, the towels are huge and fluffy, the toiletries are Loewe, there is a professional hairdryer, a walk in shower with a rain showerhead. The room itself has a flat screen tv and dvd player, tea and coffeee making facilities, and the closets have internal lights that come on when the doors are opened.The pools are now both in use, we used the rooftop pool, a lovely place to be with views over the city.Only one problem, if you are a light sleeper and do not wear ear plugs, there are continually sirens sounding through the night, I had very little sleep as everytime I went to sleep it was to be awoken by these sirens( from ambulances, hospital nearby)that aside, no negative comments whatsoever.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>viajeramadrile帽a
<Content>AB Skipper: surprising satisfaction Welcome to Barcelona, the land of some of Spain's best hotels..... if you know where to go. And AB Skipper is defintely one of them!Having been many times to the Arts I was upset that I couldn't get a reservation end March, a major event happening in the city. But as I know the location and was having a dinner there I chose he AB Skipper, right alongside the Arts, thinking it would be well, ok.It was fantastic.It got everything RIGHT: the design (smart, new, fresh), the people (young, smiles, cool), the service (just perfect), the rooms (nice size with ENORMOUS bathrooms), the amenities (Loewe? Love it!), the special touches (want a romantic bathtub full of rose petals and champagne flutes? you got it. Need to know the weather tomorrow? The forcast is on your pillow beside the chocolate, part of the turn down ceremony), the breakfast, (delicious everything.....), the vibe (perfect... music in all the right places).Please go and enjoy the AB Skipper. It's probably one of Barcelona's unhailed bests!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	3	4	5	

<Author>kingdannyb
<Content>Great location but where's the pool ??       Ground Level Pool  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>gigiToulon
<Content>H么tel avec du personnel pas sympa du tout   showReview(13678537, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Viatgercat
<Content>Estupenda estancia   showReview(8054651, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

