<Author>TorontoBigb
<Content>Great hotel and helpful front desk After reading some of the comments regarding traffic noise , I requested for a quiet room, facing the courtyard. The room was nice and comfy and not a stir was detacted during my 7 days stay. The full hot breakfast , which was included was good and plentiful. The day time staff , Juan, was the most helpful person in town. He speaks excellent English! I certainly will come back to Barcelona, and I will definitely stay here again  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>AucklandNZTravellers
<Content>Great place This place was lovely for our 3 night stay in early October. It was quiet at nights, and located about 10 minutes walk to Las Ramblas and 5 minutes walk to the Hop-On - Hop-Off bus. We heard to stay in the Las Ramblas was very noisy and glad that we did not. This was well located with lovely comforts.We had 2 rooms, and they were both spacious. Breakfast was great (while you had to pay extra for it). The staff was very helpful, however one person at the desk did tell off another in front of us, and it was rather embrassing. That said, it that did not distract us, as both staff members were extremely helpful to us.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>doglover3
<Content>Lovely Hotel       Street side guest room- 1st floor  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	-1	4	

<Author>kardex2dog
<Content>Great Location Stayed in Barcelona at the Granvia for 4 nights. The hotel has a lovely lounge - old and elegant. The staff were all very nice - some spoke english but let us practice our Spanish which was great fun. The room was plain but very clean. The location of the hotel was fabulous. We were able to walk to the Plaza Catalunya and explore the Rambles and the old area very well. The room faced a large street so was a little noisy which was fine when we closed the window. I would recommend this hotel - clean, simple, and safe.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Hodgie72
<Content>Absolutely the worst experience I have had in a hotel I booked a 4-night stay at the Gran Via on the recommendation of a friend. Upon arrival the receptionist completely ignored me and continued to stare at his computer despite the fact that I was stood in front of him. Eventually I was shown to a twin despite explicitly asking for a double. Back at reception the extremely rude receptionist informed me that 'its a double, but its not a double - understand?' Well, no, but I did when I was shown the room - the bed was about four feet wide and the room itself resembled a monastic cell. Back at reception I was told to take it or leave it, and that my partner was too big for the bed, not that the bed was too small. I took the twin for 1 night and checked out the next day, moving across Placa Catalunya to a lovely, friendly modern hotel for about 5 euros more per night. Even checkout was a horrible experience, conducted largely in silence with the receptionist gesturing for my credit card and pointing at the screen to show the amounts (and yes, he spoke English). I should point out that I am not difficult to please and have never felt the need to write in these terms before, but this place is an absolute shambles.My recommendations to The Gran Via are:Sack the receptionist and ensure he is never allowed to talk to the public again.Buy some decent furniture.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>emjorden
<Content>Horrible experience! The hotel staff was incredibly rude and disrespectful. On 2 ocassions, 2 different staff members attempted to brush off my husband and I because they did not think we were guests. When my purse was stolen on the subway, the front desk denied they had a phone book (which he later brought out after he realized we were guests) and was reluctant to look up the US consolate phone number on the internet for us. Not to mention they knowingly gave us a room without airconditioning. When we asked the hotel to fix it, they said they couldnt get anyone out there that day so they gave us a new room across the hall. That night they knowingly put another set of guests in the horrible hot room.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	4	1	1	2	

<Author>GreywolfStamford
<Content>Great hotel, great location and nice staff       Front entrance-Nice  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pomfrita
<Content>Pretty grim Clearly a once grand, now sadly faded hotel with indifferent staff and grubby furnishings. There is an imposing marble-floored entryway and opulent salon, featured prominently on the hotel website, but once you get in your room the luxury ceases. (I would have settled for comfort.)The safe in our room was broken. The bed was very uncomfortable, the coverlet dirty, and the pillows in poor condition. The room faced a busy street and was quite loud at all times. There were no blackout curtains, so light was also a problem at night. The shower was extremely small with a thin curtain that billowed in and stuck to the skin, and there was no place to set a bottle of shampoo or soap except on the floor. In trying to reach down to grab the soap, I stood up and caught a shoulder on the water handle, inadvertently scalding myself! The breakfast room seems to have been renovated most recently so is a bit more cheery, but the food was indifferent, with stale pastries (I even spotted a bit of moldy bread) and a sign stating that clients are requested not to remove food from the breakfast room. (Three cheers, however, for the automatic espresso machine!) On the plus side, the hotel is very easy to get to from the airport via the aerobus and very centrally located, but then, so are a number of better hotels nearby.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	3	3	

<Author>madambutterfly26
<Content>hated the noise We selected Hotel Granvia based on good reviews in a popular travel guide and reasonable price. I was a bit wary as to how busy the street Granvia would be so I requested a room on the back overlooking the terrace. The hotel replied that I would definitely get a quiet room on the back. I foolishly neglected to print this reply out and attach it to the usual confirmations. So we arrive ridiculously jetlagged and are assigned a room right on the front overlooking Granvia which has to be one of the busiest streets in Barcelona. Sleep was difficult to say the least. The hotel staff at Granvia are extremely unfriendly and almost unpleasant. I would not stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>GoddessT
<Content>Great location, good value. This hotel is grand and the public areas are beautiful. We had a triple room which was spacious, clean, and quiet, with a large closet, writing desk and in-room safe (extra charge). The beds however were too hard, basically a thin mattress on a hard board. Everything worked well in the bathroom, but there was a bit of foul odour from time to time. The eating room was lovely and the breakfast buffet was truly excellent (extra charge). Front desk staff were basically okay, although one young man rushed to carry my sister's suitcase up three stairways at midnight when she arrived by train. There is an elevator but it was briefly out of order.The location could not be better-walking distance to all the central highlights. Other than the hard beds, we loved this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>wunderlustee
<Content>Modest Hotel in the middle of Everything! For my first time in Barcelona, I picked this hotel based on location, price, and this review site. I am a single woman and I found this hotel to be absolutely convenient and extremely charming. The people at the front desk were very sweet. I had a room near the courtyard, meaning very little street noise, so it was a sanctuary of sorts after a day of walking and sightseeing. The ONLY drawback I can think of is that the walls between rooms were thin. It was rare during my 4 night stay, but I did hear my neighbors from time to time. Summary: Clean, Friendly, Reasonable, Convenient, Safe, Recommended.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LERAPA
<Content>Convenient and Quaint My daughter and I spent 2 nights at the Granvia while exploring Barcelona. We wish we had alloted more time. The location was very convenient--and what was not accessible by foot was easily reached via the subway station a block away. Furnishings were a bit warn, television selections were sparse, and the service at the desk was a bit cold, but overall the charm and convenience made for a very pleasant stay. Breakfast was very good, also.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	2	2	3	

<Author>plannerStockholm
<Content>Really disapointed!!! Watch out!!! We (2 adults and 2 daughters 8 and 14 years old) stayed at hotel Granvia for two nights. At reservation by e-mail we asked for a quiet quadruple room hoping it looking out to the garden. When we arrived intead we got a dark an smelly room at ground floor with a window looking in to some sort of dirty airshuffle without no direct daylight and curtains that was hanging loose. After reading all the nice rewiews when planning our trip and choosing this hotel early in the spring I was very disapointed with such a really horrible room. There was no daylight and no real window. The bathroom was spatious but the rest of the room was not. The television was old and did hardly work. The fridge the same. The furniture felt old and dirty. The personal was quite unpleasant or at least never really friendly. When I asked to change the room they said that that would be possible first the next evening, but as we only stayed for two nights we didn麓t feel it was worth it. The personal didn麓t mention it anyway the next evening so I suppose that it was a tactic that worked out. What made me most angry was that we had booked this room 6 month in advance, but ended up with the worst room of all. I felt really cheated! I had hoped to make this memorable stay for our children. I will never stay in this hotel again! To be really honest I must mention that the breakfast was good though.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bluechick
<Content>Relieved I stayed here with a friend in January 2008. We had just travelled from Madrid where we had had the tiniest room in the world in a noisy hotel. So when the desk clerk said we could have a twin room overlooking the courtyard which was quieter, or a twin room facing the street which would be noisier but bigger we were happy with either option. As it was we got a perfectly spacious room overlooking the courtyard. Not the shoebox I had envisioned!The decor is getting a little old but it was clean and roomy, in a fantastic location, and the desk staff were helpful and friendly. They also had free internet which was a bonus too.The hotel was a little bit more expensive than what we had hoped to pay but for what we got it was good value.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>stephinberlin
<Content>Hotel Granvia is incredibly convenient The hotel is very centrally located near many modes of public transport but also in walking distance to almost everything that we wanted to see. In fact, we walked everywhere except one time we took a bus. It is also in walking distance to the airport bus. Nice, clean, small hotel. Pretty entrance way and simple rooms.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SJCNewcastle
<Content>Gran Via going down hill We stayed at the Gran Via a few years ago and found it reasonably priced, comfortable and charming (our room was pleasantly furnished in an antique style). The location remains the same-only a couple of blocks from the Palca Catalunya-therefore incredibly central-just jump off the airport bus and you're there. However, things seem to be going down hill-perhaps they gave all the best rooms away by the time we got there, but we found our rooms a bit shabby, the furniture scruffed up and the drains in one room smelled. The day porter was not too impressed when we asked to change rooms. Prices have gone up too. It's sad to see what used to be a shabby chic former palace become more shabby than chic.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>jberk
<Content>Great location, horrible day desk clerk The location and cleanliness of this hotel is very good, but our entire experience was soured by a mean, rude desk clerk. I booked the room via e-mail on the recommendation of the Rick Steves travel book. The clerk told me that he had a room available but that I must send my credit card number. I did not feel comfortable doing that over e-mail so he told me to just send the last 4 digits. I did this and then did not hear anything else from him. I assumed everything was fine. When I arrived at the hotel with copies of the correspondence he started yelling at me and telling me he never got my e-mail. He had rooms available to accomodate us, but still felt the need to yell at me for what was probably his fault. We needed another night at the hotel upon our return from Mallorca a few days later and he again made a stink saying that a festival was starting that day and that they were completely booked. He made no effort to help find us a room elsewhere. I cannot believe this man is employed in the service industry.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	-1	-1	

<Author>KimTin
<Content>Nice hotel I and two of my friends booked a triple room thru bookings.com after reading the reviews posted here.As promised that triple room is spacious for a European 3* Hotel and moderately clean as well.The location is excellent:The hotel is in the center of the town. The closes metro stop is 1 minute walk from the hotel (50 meters) The Tourist buss is also basically located around the corner and with that you are able to go thru most of the marvelous turist attractions.The reception assistance for the few questions I asked was mostly I donno Sorry. This type of service for the simples questions feels odd and lasy as a foreigner, but it is the general service culture in Barcelona and I noticed the same type of service everywhere (Except the 5 Star Hotels/Restaurants Ofcourse). appologize for the generalisation..Need not to worry.. There is a excellent Tourist info office under the Catalunya square 5 minute walk from the hotel from where you can get answers/tickets to almost anything:)I met the notorious rude old receptionist that some have mentioned in their reviews and I have to say that he was a charming old man and is quite friendly as long as you do not demand/expect too much from. e.g. I asked on friday about the weekends footboll game cause we wanted to buy tickets and he answered that he does not no, but it is on Saturday or Sunday and it would be best for us to ask him on Sunday cause then he would definately have the weekends information list pla pla pla.. Well obviously we went to tourist info and purchased the tickets on friday.Simply put,Rooms are good value for money, the location is excellent and the service is polite, but not very helpful.I strongly recommend this hotel to people whom are independent travelers.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travel_nut24
<Content>Would stay at the Hotel Granvia again We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. It was very clean and our triple room was very big with tons of space for your luggage and storage. It was quiet, we were in room 208 which was very nice. We had a pretty big bathroom as well and the room was always spotless. It was reasonably priced for europe. We didn't take advantage of the breakfast, it was too expensive and we don't eat much for breakfast anyway.The location of the hotel is perfect, you couldn't ask for a better location. It's very central and close to everything. It seems to be in a very safe neighbourhood and we were able to walk to la rambla, gothic quarter and port vell without any trouble. Placa Catalunya is right around the corner with subway station and tourist information as well. There is tons of shopping in the area as well!!The staff was okay. They weren't rude, they just didn't speak to us unless we spoke to them first. It would have been nice to have them at least say hola. We never had any trouble when we asked for a taxi and no problems storing our luggage at the front desk. We were there to see Barcelona, not socialize with the staff anyway, so it was fine.One downfall was the lack of info about hotel ammenities. There was no info book in the room (like every hotel I have ever been to) to tell you what services are available in or around the hotel. For example, we had no idea the hotel had a terrace until now when I read about it in someone elses review. I also discovered the internet on my own and assumed it must have been free for guests considering the computer is sort of tucked away on the second level. The staff made no mention of any ammenities either.Over all, we really enjoyed our stay. The hotel is very charming and nicely decorated. We found it to be very clean, quiet and the staff was just very business like. We would stay again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	-1	5	

<Author>Travel_Chick5
<Content>Absolutely Great for a Solo Woman Traveler! I went to Barcelona, Madrid, and Toledo at the beginning of the summer, and I stayed at the Granvia for four nights at the end of May. For a solo woman traveler, this place can鈥檛 be beat! LOCATION: The Granvia is located in the very safe Eixample area, very conveniently positioned about three blocks from the Placa Catalunya (where the airport shuttle drops you off). It was also within walking distance to the Barri Gottic and the Ramblas, but far enough away to be safe. There is a city bus directly across from the hotel that goes up to Montjuic and the Joan Miro museum, and another bus close by that goes up to Parc Guel. The hotel was also very close to several nice restaurants and shops 鈥?and it was near the El Corte Ingles, the massive department store that has a killer grocery store in the basement with everything you could ever want (including cheap bottled water, organic foods, fresh fruits, and yogurt -- which I badly needed after a week of consuming nothing but meat and beer). Best of all: I felt perfectly safe walking back to the hotel alone after dinner 鈥?even at 11pm or so. OTHER PERKS: Not only was the location great, but the hotel also had free Internet access (they have two computers in the wonderfully decorated parlor/drawing room upstairs, which you can access whenever you want to). There was also a lovely little area outside of the drawing room that had plants and benches. In the evenings, I noticed several guests relaxing outside with drinks, enjoying the nice weather.BREAKFAST: I really liked the breakfast buffet 鈥?it was well worth the money to me (I鈥檓 the type of person who absolutely cannot function without getting some food and coffee in my system before I leave the hotel). The buffet was huge, and from what I could tell, you could go back as many times as you wanted to in one sitting. I think it was 6-8 euros per day, but I can鈥檛 recall. There was this absolutely wonderful cheesecake-like baked thing that I just fell in love with, and lots of yogurts, fruits, cereals, and 鈥?of course 鈥?meat. I also loved the coffee machine 鈥?once I figured out that I had to hit the button 3 times to fill up the cup. There鈥檚 usually one woman working at the buffet to help you out 鈥?which is nice if you鈥檙e jetlagged, confused, and in bad need of caffeine like I was. STAFF: Overall, the staff members were great. It took a few days for them to warm up - as they were very professional - but eventually they did. I was particularly fond of the front desk clerk, who went out of his way to answer my questions on several occasions. The front desk staff and the security guards spoke fluent English, but the breakfast women and the maids did not. ADVICE: In general, don鈥檛 expect overly-effusive, 鈥渉appy,鈥?gushing responses from the staff in hotels and restaurants in Spain. The service industry in Spain is very professional, and they do their jobs efficiently and well. They don鈥檛 usually stand around or smile, joke, or laugh with you right off the bat. I noticed several Americans getting a bit huffy over this. My advice: don鈥檛 take it personally! These folks are at work, they鈥檙e busy, and they just want to do their jobs (the goal of which is to serve you your food or give you your hotel bill, not to become your best friend). It took me awhile to 鈥済et鈥?this at first, but once I did, my trip went much smoother. I think it鈥檚 helpful to know this in advance. That way, when they ARE friendly and helpful (which happened on many occasions) it makes it that much nicer of an experience. :)ROOM: I had a single room with a double bed. I requested a quiet room and it was exactly that. The bed was very firm, and very comfortable. The room was immaculate, for which I was very grateful. There was a mini-fridge stocked full of waters, beer, and nuts and a little form on the night stand that I filled out when I took anything from the fridge. They totaled it at the end of my stay (and it wasn鈥檛 really that expensive). There was also a safe deposit box in room as well, which they charged for by the day. Note: This occurred at EVERY hotel I stayed at in Spain, and wasn鈥檛 expensive at all. It was well-worth the $1-$3 a day for the safe. In this particular hotel, I told them up front how many days I wanted to use it for, and paid for it in cash. Last thing: I emailed the hotel, and then booked directly with them via fax and got a nice discount. Overall, I was very, very pleased with this hotel, and I would most definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eztur
<Content>The tiniest room in the world... I've been to this hotel with colleagues. I had a single room, which was extremely small. The smallest room I've ever been in. The furniture was old and smelled a bit. The bathroom was small, and my bath tub was the usual width but only about a meter long. Very small!Breakfast is okay, but no more than that.The personnel at the front desk is not very enthousiastic, nor helpful. Their english was poor.I did like the airco and the fact that all our rooms were next to each other.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Bobi73
<Content>Ups and Downs Our initial opinion of Hotel Granvia was very favorable. The hotel clerk was friendly, spoke excellent English, and made us feel very comfortable. Our triple room was spacious and reasonably clean. The bathroom was small, and the towels a bit thin, but packets of shampoo, etc. were available, along with a hair dryer. Wi-fi is included, though it was somewhat difficult to maintain on the 5th floor. (The rooms start on the 3rd floor) The bellman was friendly and helpful. This is an old, sparcely furnished hotel, and the beds were hard, but not awful.There is a nice parlor and an outside courtyard on the 2nd level, as well as the restaurant, which we didn't use. The desk clerk we had the next morning was extremely unfriendly, and then was yelling at us when we weren't ready to take a taxi that my husband had told him not to call yet. We returned to the hotel a week later for 2 nights and had the same unfriendly reception. We were extremely relieved to encounter another friendly clerk when we were checking out, but the attitude of the older clerk with thin black hair was enough to make us steer clear of returning. The price from the website and location were excellent; close to Los Ramblas, but very quiet. Definitely a hotel to consider, but take your thick skin!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	2	4	4	

<Author>Daphne007
<Content>Good value on rooms, poor experience with staff The Granvia has a great location for seeing Barcelona and rooms which overlook the courtyard are very quiet -- first time we stayed we had a balcony which is worth requesting. But don't expect any welcome or warmth from the staff. While the hotel is a good bargain for location and quality of rooms, by the time I left I was completely fed up with the rudeness of the staff. Some smirked rudely at attempts to speak to them in Spanish and getting a cab to the airport was an excercise in torture. Too bad the staff can't be nicer to visitors as the rooms and the upper lobby are not bad at all!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	5	2	1	4	

<Author>TooManyShoes
<Content>Great Location, but........ Hotel GranVia has a wonderful location. The building and furnishings were a nice mix of new and Faded Lady. But the staff ranged from indifferent to rude. When we arrived before noon (because the ship docked quite early) to leave our bags and do a preliminary check-in, the man at the desk was actually angry! Who knows what was going on elsewhere in his life. Maybe he was acting out on the hapless tourists, but we will never forget his jaw-dropping rudeness. The GranVia staff were the only people in all of Barcelona who were rather unpleasant to us! Barcelona is a beautiful city. We will certainly go back. However, we will look for a different hotel next time.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	1	2	1	

<Author>AJFlorida
<Content>Loved this hotel -- Very comfortable and convenient This hotel is on Gran Via street about 200 yards from Plaza Catalunya, 3 min. walk from Rambla, 5 min. walk from Casa Mila and Casa Battla, 30 feet from a Metro station and next door to a car park. You can't find anything more convenient. The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable with a good AC. We stayed in a triple room where the third bed was built into a sofa and did not have to be squeezed in. The public areas were fancy and there was free internet.Con's: This is not a fancy 5 star hotel. Service is adequate but not much more. Reception is always too busy to help you too much and the Bellman is missing most of the time but all this did not matter much to us. Breakfast is fine but probably not worth Euro 13  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>NeverDriveInScotland
<Content>Great hotel, excellent location Stayed here for 3 nights in June 2007 in a triple room which was quite spacious and comfortable with a large bathroom. Hotel's public areas are beautiful. Free internet available in the lounge. Staff was friendly. Convenient location within 5 minute walk of Placa de Cataluyna, Las Ramblas, Passeo de Gracia, airport bus stop, and cafes. Metro and public bus stop within a block. On our first afternoon while trying to rest, we were disturbed by very loud music during happy hour from around 4-6 in the afternoon. Otherwise noise was not a problem, although the walls seemed a little thin and we did hear other guests at times. Our room was on the interior so weren't bothered at all by traffic noise. My only real concern was the lack of electronic locks/key for the doors. A hotel of this caliber should have this safety feature.Overall our stay was pleasant and I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ttrail199
<Content>Hotel was great! We had a short stay at the end of May, 2007 at the hotel and really enjoyed it. The location was terrific since it was only a few block walk to Plaza Cataluna. Our room was large, it overlooked the bustling street and it was very clean. The staff was helpful. All factors led to a great overall stay. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>RokeCalifornia
<Content>No room with confirmed reservation! We booked a room for 2 nights well in advance, and advised the hotel twice by e-mail we would be arriving late. When we arrived about 9:30 after a train ride from France, we found they had no room for us!! There was a problem. No kidding. They ended up sending us to another of their hotels far from the city center, with essentially nothing within walking distance. I couldn't believe they gave away our room after we had confirmed and repeatedly told them we were arriving late. To be fair, we did return the following night, and found the accomodation to our liking.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LongWeekenderHaworth
<Content>A Pleasant Surprise Got back from our 3 night stay at The Gran Via last night. After reading some of the previous mixed reviews we were wondering what to expect but were greeted warmly by the man on reception and our room (112) was absolutely fine - a fairly large room with ample storage space (including a small walk in wardrobe), a firm double bed, a balcony looking over the courtyard at the back , which proved to be a good choice as we couldn't hear the traffic from the busy road at the front of the hotel. We only had one pillow each and asked for 2 more at reception but they had not arrived by our return that first evening, but they soon sorted us out after a reminder.We had fresh clean towels every day and the linen was clean and of good qualityThe room was quite warm which we thought would perhaps be a problem in the summer months, although there was an air conditioning unit which wasn't working - it was probably turned off at a master switch. We were unsure of what to do for breakfast as most hotel's offerings of continental breakfast leave you still hungry, but we needn't have worried as there was such a reasonable selection of both hot and cold food of which you could have as much as you liked. The coffee was delightful!! The breakfast worked out at 10 Euros per head and the amount we ate would have cost so much more had we gone to the nearby cafes. Also the breakfast room was immaculate and very grand with 3 chandeliers and ornate furnishingsThe hotel was a bit dusty in the corridors and the carpets needed hoovering but overall it was clean. For a hotel of this age we were surprised that the walls were so thin, fortunately we had considerate neighbours. The hotel is close to Las Ramblas and ideally situated for the upmarket shops on Passeig de Gracia and the 2 Gaudi museums. The stops for the tourist buses are about a five minute walk away. Also the Metro is just 50 metres to the left of the hotel.Beware of the 7% tax which will be added to your bill on departure.If we were visiting Barcelona again we would happily stay at The Gran Via.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>flacoLA
<Content>Funereal This gand old mansion has seen better days. We knew we were in trouble when we were greeted by the brittle, dried up Christmas tree standing in the lobby. The staff is sullen at best and the rooms where depressing. True, the public areas have a certain eccentric, faded-grandeur but they leave one feeling that Franco's ghost might appear at any moment. This all could have been laughed off if it weren't for the price.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	2	2	2	

<Author>romaboots
<Content>Lovely Stay at the Gran Via My husband and I have stayed twice at the Gran Via, once in Sept. 2004 and again in Sept. 2000. The location can't be beat as it's within walking distance of many of the major sites, museum and shopping. Our rooms both times were spacious with large comfortable beds and nice furnishings. On our second stay we had a room with a balcony overlooking the street and rooftops of Barcelona. The breakfast room is lovely and the hotel has a restored elegance that is very charming. The service was excellent and we highly recommend the Gran Via.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lovetotravel-TA
<Content>very Beautiful hotel The Gran Via really has it all. It is absolutely lovely, clean, well located with a helpful staff. I have booked again for next year. Would not stay anywhere else..  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>FirsttimeinOz
<Content>Great location but a bit noisy at the front! After trawling many stes we chose the Gran Via for location  value for money (by Barcelona standards!). It was a great location, literally just around the corner from the Placa de la Catalanya, where the airport  tourist buses depart plus the main shopping  tourist areas.The reception service was good, letting us check in early  leave luggage securely on our departure day. Rooms were spacious, nicely decorated  clean; even a decent hairdryer!We had two twin rooms (thought I'd booked doubles but it didn't really matter!) on the front of the building and it was a bit noisy in the mornings when the traffic got going however, there was a nice view of buildings  the surrounding area (we were on the 3rd floor though).Didn't have breakfast included but no real need as cafes etc just around the corner.Not quite as glamorous a building as I'd expected but adequate without being too basic or too expensive. We booked via hotel.com.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DiTone
<Content>Beautifully restored palace Altho' we knew it was a restored palace, we didn't expect it to be so well restored! It is jaw-dropping with its huge, museum-like space. The room with breakfast (the best coffee we had found in our entire trip) was a huge and beautifully appointed drawing room and even the computers available were in some sort of large and gorgeous room overlooking a patio area. Walking distance from most everything you would expect to visit in Barcelona - what a great and energetic city!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>jlsk
<Content>Great hotel in a fabulous city We stayed at the Hotel Gran Via. What a grand hotel. It was 100% old world charm. Wonderful location. Staff and accomodations were top notch. Barcelona is beautiful and exciting. Lots to see. Great tourist bus system too.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Julay
<Content>Basic, Clean, Great Location.......... Nice little hotel in a great location as many other reviewers have mentioned. We stayed there for 3 nights in August.Looks like most of the hotel rooms have been renovated but left the beautiful charm of the old hotel.Room was small, but very clean with a full bath. Double bed. AC worked fine. TV in the room and also a mini-bar.Free internet on 3 computers in the hotel and 2.50 Euros per night for the key to the safe (not 7 Euros as someone else mentioned). I am Spanish (but live in the US) so may be they rip off the foreigners. That would be a shame.My wife is 6 months pregnant so I asked the cleaning ladies for more pillows and they were very nice and gave me 3 extras.All in all a good deal for a decent hotel in a great location.Would definetly recommend.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>italymaven
<Content>Why So Mean? This hotel, with a good central location and adequate rooms, suffers from rude and hostile staff. We asked them to make a reservation at one place for dinner and they said it wasn't necessary. We got to the restaurant and there was no room. We asked for a reservation at another place, they said they didn't know of it and so we would have to find the phone number and call ourselves. Directions (if provided) were often wrong. On the plus side, breakfast was bountiful for a reasonable price.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean rooms, great location Stayed at the Gran Via hotel 5 nights in a double room. The hotel is in a great location. You're just a couple blocks from Plaza Catalunya (main plaza). We spent very little time in our room- only to sleep and bathe. The room and bathroom were always clean- great water pressure when taking a shower. While I stayed in a double room, my sister and two others stayed in a triple room. This room was a little bigger and nicer than mine. If you're looking for a hotel with lots of luxuries, this hotel is not for you. When I travel, the most important things I look for in a hotel are cleanliness and location. This hotel satisfied both. The room that we stayed in was average sized. It had closets, drawers and a mini fridge. Our room had a great view of the street, Gran Via. The beds may be a little firmer than what you are used to, but I slept just fine. I don't recall if the bathrooms had dryers or not. I don't recommend eating breakfast there- it's expensive and not that great. Since you are so close to the plaza, I suggest you grab something at one of the cafe's there. If you need internet service, this hotel has two computers that you can use free of charge. They are located in what they call the salon. The hotel is relatively small, and has a small lobby. We made our reservations online directly with the hotel and paid 124 euros per night, not including taxes.So, would I stay at this hotel again? Yes.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>moushy
<Content>Great location, shame about the service Hotel Granvia has an excellent location - really near the Placa Catalunya and within easy reach of major attractions, including all 'modernista' buidings and Las Ramblas.The hotel itself was a little disappointing. This is european standard 3*. The first room we were shown looked out onto an enclosed internal courtyard. The courtyard had a glass roof so the air inside the courtyard was hot and stuffy - this made our room intolerable. My husband ended up sleeping on the cold wood floor to cool down. This first room was cramped, dirty and the air-conditioning did not work. When we went to ask for the air-con to be fixed we were told that it was not working in any of the rooms. We requested a room transfer and this was arranged. The second room was a definite improvement - much larger, cleaner and with a window that opened onto fresh air.The breakfast was of a good standard - plenty of choice. But, overall, the service really let this place down. We asked the concierge: 'can we have a cup of tea' (being english!) and his reply was a curt 'no' as he peered up from behind his newspaper. The lifts didn't work during our stay. The rooms were not super clean.The price and the location are great though.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exellent Location This hotel is situated in an excellent location near Catalunya and between the pg. de Gracia shopping street and the lively Ramlas. The rooms are basic, some with half baths, ie. a small bath tub that allows standing room only - but the water pressure is good. Walls are too thin - I was lucky that everyone in the adjacent rooms were courtious and didn't make alot of noise at night. Didn't spend much time in the hotel, since the there is a lot to see, so I can't comment on other amenities. Didn't eat in the hotel. They charge you about 7 euros a day for the key to the safe in your room - ( i hate when hotels do petty things like that!) The rooms were cleaned every day and standard items were replaced. The reception staff that greeted me spoke English and was helpful. I would stay here again for the location and convenience. Barcelona is wonderful!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic massive quad room, great location We stayed at the Gran Via for one night only, we travelled with our two children and had a quad room.. I think we must have had the biggest room in the hotel - it was like an apartment minus the kitchen. Huge ceilings with grand double doors to enter - It had a living area with a huge fireplace, bookcases table, etc and there were four beds still with loads and loads of space. You had a walk in wardrobe area and then a huge bathroom. To top it all you had your own little balcony with chairs overlooking the roof terrace which to our amazement had a childrens old fashioned play area! Perfect!! Its such a shame we were only here for one evening. It cost us about 100.00 english pounds. We can't say what the other rooms were like but ours was like a palace - great location in the middle of everything as well. I can't remember what the room number was unfortunately - I know we had trouble finding it because the room number wasn't on the door and we had to ask  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel, great location! EXCELLENT location in the heart of town. Walking distance to many Eixample sights. About 8 minutes from Las Ramblas. Staff pleasant. Room clean and comfortable. Breakfast was good. My only recommendation is that you take a Spanish dictionary as not all the staff speak English, which is reflective of the Spanish population. They do all speak French. Price reasonable for what you get; location is everything. Safe neighborhood with nice restaurants around the corner. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BISI
<Content>GranVia - great location for the price I recently spent two nights at the GranVia - the location on Gran Via just off the Passig de Gracia and very near the Placya de Catalunya was perfect. And a metro stop (to Line 4) is just 1/2 block from the front door. Metro stops to other lines are available at the Placya as is the autobus to/from the airport.The hotel is in a gracious older building with a beautiful grand stairway in the lobby. There is a salon (with free internet access available) and a room for those who wish to have breakfast (I chose not to). There is also a beautiful terrace with fountain and many flowers, plants, etc. While my room was small (a single), it was clean, air-conditioned and well appointed including a mini-bar. The bathroom was also clean but small. This is not a 4* hotel but I wasn't paying 4* prices, either. My single was 80 Euros per night. Hotel staff was friendly and well informed. They suggested a few different places for dinner, handled my early morning wake-up call and morning taxi to the airport without incident. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great location, reasonable price but not expecting 4* accomodations!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ltmoira
<Content>Faded grandeur but with a lot of personality       A double with twin beds  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bostonbased
<Content>great location, a bit too noisy hotel location is super, close to many interesting areas/sites. staff were very friendly and helpful. smoking in public areas may be improved with recent no-smoking laws, but in December the entire hotel smelled of cigarette smoke, like most other places in Barcelona. free internet in hotel common room was very nice, but a couple of days really slow, internet cafe across the street was less than 1 euro for 15 minutes (high-speed access). walls and courtyards did not protect light sleepers from hearing normal tone-of-voice conversations in the next room or when a neighboring room had their courtyard window open. rooms nicely renovated, comfortable, firm mattress, and BBC on the television. did not try hotel breakfast, as so many cafe's nearby with affordable coffee, pastries, etc.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location This is a great hotel considering the rate, location and level of service. We had a great stay of 5 days - so close to best part of the city and major attractions! Rooms were adeqate and well decorated with clean and modern bathrooms. Only negative was heating which was not adequate. We will stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>frog2
<Content>location location location This hotel could not be in a better position. Walked out of the airport, onto the bus (3,50 euros), straight to placa catalunya, then walked forapprox. 5 mins. to hotel. Walking distance of everywhere: Las Ramblas, all the main shopping streets, cathedral, waterfront and could not be better for restaurants and public transport. Breathtaking public rooms. v. comfortable bedroom which was cleaned thoroughly every day, with three changes of bedlinen during our one week stay. No complaints whatsoever. No food other than breakfast,which we didn't have, but so close to everything, that didn't matter. Took our own travel kettle and coffee, etc., bought croissants the night before at the local supermarket, then hit the town. Wonderful.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel OK with Old World Charm We were looking for a hotel with an authentic, Spanish feel. We wanted something different than what we could find back home. To that end, the GranVia was just what we were looking for.The hotel has a great location. It is very close to Las Ramblas and other tourist sites. We overlooked the courtyard so our room was quiet. The room was small but clean. Most importantly, we felt safe. The hotel is very old and has not been updated, but it is charming. We could not get any English channels on our TV and we had a couple of problems (they forgot our wake-up call and didn't replace the washcloths the second night) but overall we were satisfied. If you are just a bit adventuresome and looking for something a little different, you may want to give this hotel a try. If you want to be pampered and have all the modern accoutrements, then this hotel is not for you.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jon Potter
<Content>OK overall, but disappointing...       bathroom  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It is rubbish!!!!!!! Ok, a bit harsh, but I spent 4 hours looking for a nice hotel for a romantic long weekend (was a surprise present), checking the reviews....my first choice, the Atrium Palace, was booked up, so ended up here as it generally had good reviews. What a load of rubbish, should only be a 2 star hotel (last time I was in Barca I stayed in a 2 star that was better than the Granvia), not the 4 claimed here (and 3 by themselves!). Ok, it had a bit of character, but the reception was poxy (and dirty) , the staff unhelpful, the place was scruffy everwhere. The room was ok despite being a twin (we booked a double bed), and quiet at the back of the hotel, but the finish in the bathroom was again very poor. We checked out a few of the other hotels for similar money (and considered moving out for the final night into the Atrium Palace, but in the end just accepted it was a place to sleep only), and they were what I would call proper hotels with nice decor, clean, well staffed etc, etc. My recommendation would be don't go here, look for others (such as the Atrium Palace) as they are the same money and loads better.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>NOLATravellers
<Content>Gran Via Hotel Terrific Gran Via is located just off LaRambla and has several strong points: a secure (27USD/day) car park adjacent; larger suite type rooms and one of the best hotel breakfasts we have ever encountered. On the down side, we and another couple requested double beds and both received 2 twins. The rooms aren't posh (very austere toiletries, mediocre lighting) but roomier than most. Don't expect a concierge type service from the desk; even asking about a restaurant that had been recommended was a waste of time. The breakfast was a feast in a charming parlour room, hot items refreshed constantly, great fresh brewed coffee, easily a choice of 30+ foods and also a carve your own jambon! One caution: exiting a restaurant one evening in the old city, one of our party had her purse stolen. We hear this is a very common occurance in Barcelona. Oh, and be sure to go to Cal Pep. It is the best tapas in the city!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>anaha
<Content>Charming Hotel My daughter and I recently stay at the hotel Granvia in Barcelona Spain. Both my daughter and I loved the Granvia, it is a wonderful hotel for the money full of charm and character We will definably stay at the Granvia if we visit Barcelona again all our family is in Madrid.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Romanchick
<Content>Outstanding Hotel My husband and I were so fortunate to stay at the Hotel Gran Via. What an amazing hotel for the price. Beautiful building in the most central location in Barcelona that is safe, great for shopping and plenty of restaurants. Walking distance to Gaudi's aritistic houses, and the fashionable Passeig de Gracia. There was also internet availability in a huge sitting room in an area of the hotel. The internet charge was nominal as well. We did not take advantage of the $10 Euro breakfast buffet, but it did look pretty good from what we saw.Our room was huge in comparison to other rooms we stayed in while on our European trip. The bed was on one side of the lengthy room while a charming sitting area was on the other side. The room had some beautiful antique furniture, plenty of light, a big closet with built in shelves, large clean bathroom and nice foyer to put luggage, etc.You would be foolish not to stay in this place. It was the deal of the century as far as I'm concerned.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location  Just returned from Barcelona - stayed here 5/15 - 5/18. Great location! The underground is 100 yards from the front door. several good restaurants were within walking distance. Plaza Catalunya one block away where you can pick up a double-decker bus that will take you around the city to the top tourist attractions. There are three routes and you can cover them all in about four hours if you just ride and transfer at the connecting points. A two-day pass was 21 Euros. We picked out the sights we wanted to see and then returned later. Las Ramblas is a short walk beyond the plaza. Great fun on a Sunday! The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean. Each had two chairs, a desk and ample closet space. We had a connecting room that would be nice for a family or friends traveling together (Rooms 201  202). They faced the street but the traffic noise did not keep us awake. The photos of the hotel on their site are exactly what we saw. The only thing I would not recommend is the breakfast. It was 10 Euros and not too appetizing. We did better at a place called Pans. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bonnwe
<Content>Loved the Granvia (pronounced Granbia) A block and a half from the Placa de Cataluna, this 53 room hotel is a renovated city house. The entrance has a grand staircase and a pleasant and helpful staff. There is free internet on the salon level and phone calls to the USA cost only 30p per minute! My 7 minute call cost 2.30 euros. We had a lovely room in the back looking out on the large terrace which included a water fountain and a playground for children. Our room was very large and the bathroom superb...the shower devine. My daughter thought the beds were a bit hard, but I had no trouble sleeping. Our room had been renovated, had an area rug and was very clean. If I had to be picky, the decor was electic and the chandelier was missing some pieces of glass. I would definitely reccommend the hotel and it would be my first choice if I ever visited again. Call direct for a better price than the hotel sites give you.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Location, minor faults       The lounge at Granvia  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location       FRONT VIEW  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Buda36
<Content>Great location, rooms okay We just got back from a 2 night stay at the Gran Via. As the other reviewers noted, the location is simply fantastic. 30 seconds to the metro (a major metro intersection), and a very short walk to the Ramblas and Barri Gotic. If I could I would give the hotel 3 1/2 stars but because of the rooms I have rounded down. A word of warning, do not take one of the interior rooms overlooking the covered courtyard (rm. 212 is one of them) The walls were paper thin and our when our neighbors talked (at 2am) it sounded like we were in the same room. (earplugs were useless). Also all of the noises from the reception area echo up and into the room. We asked to be moved and the staff were quite friendly and immediately moved us to another room at the back of the hotel which was fine. The rooms were clean, but small. Also the breakfast is not recommended. The quality is not worth the 10 euros, and there are many places nearby. The first floor has a lovely sitting area and there is a fantastic roof terrace that must be great for summer evenings.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cootes_paradise
<Content>Starting a reno The hotel was in process of a reno in summer of 2003. It was good in terms of location...can't beat it...the room was very dowdy. The bathroom was more updated than the room. Hopefully they've continued the reno. Everything was clean.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic location I agree that the location is fantastic. The hotel itself is not very modern or impressive looking inside in the public areas, and neither are the rooms. My room (a single) was quite small. It was a good price and very convenient and quiet. I did not eat the breakfast or have any negative interraction with the staff.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cinanina
<Content>Great location This hotel is ideally located. It's quiet, right in front of a subway station and in the center of Barcelona. My room was very big. It can be a little tacky while wanting to be in grand style, but is really OK specially when considering the price. I'd go back. We never had breakfast here.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel in great location The location of this hotel is excellent - within walking distance of the Ramblas and many restaurants and bars. The hotel is comfortable, and posesses great character. Our room at the back overlooking the terrace was quite small, but functional, and although you could hear noise from other rooms, there was no outside noise at all. Reasonably priced, and very comfortable, our only complaint was one rude staff member who was there when we checked in (all other staff were friendly and helpful). Would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bluepoppy49
<Content>Exactly what we wanted Not having been to Europe before, we didn't know what to expect as far as hotels were concerned. I had checked through travel books and found this one mentioned quite frequently. It didn't get rave reviews, but there were a lot of positive things about it, so decided on that information and also reviews from tripadvisor that it might just work for us. I had requested, when booking it over the internet, that we would like two beds and also a room at the back of the building. We arrrived later in the evening, so didn't think that we would get what we had requested, but we did. It turned out to be very quiet - didn't need the ear plugs that we had taken. The beds were comfortable and the linens fresh and clean. The room was small, but very clean and well cared for, with hard wood floors, marble bathroom (with hairdryer), lots of cupboard space and air conditioning that could be adjusted. It was in an excellent location, close to La Rambles and Plaza Catalunya. The staff were quite pleasant and helpful when needed. We didn't eat in the buffet, but the dining room looked lovely, as did the salon and the terrace. We were taking a cruise from Barcelona, which didn't leave until later in the day, but they kept our luggage for us after the checkout time, and called a taxi for us when we were ready to leave. We loved Barcelona and would like to return again one day and we would definitely stay at Hotel Granvia again.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place The Gran Via in Barcelona is a great oasis. Upon confirming my reservation, I asked for a quiet room. They were very happy to accomodate me, and, I received a quiet room. The room is nothing special, but it has a separate bathroom, a good mattress, and a tv. The hotel is only a few blocks from the Placa Catalunya, right across the street from the Metro, walking distance to the Gothic Quarter and La Ramblas. What is nice about this place is that there is free internet (2 computers) in a very large and grand room with chandiliers. There is also a very large roofed area with tables and chairs. The room was priced at 70 euros a night (I had to check the interenet for a better price than the one offered by the hotel). The only drawback was being charged 1 euro for everytime I picked up the phone. While there are other hostals in Barcelona that are cheaper, I would definitely recommend this hotel due to its price, location, and charm.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Phamer
<Content>Above Average Hotel, Great Location! I stayed here 2 nights with my wife and 3 year old son before our Mediterranean cruise and would rate the hotel as above average. My breakdown of the hotel:Location: terrific, right near Las Ramblas. We even were able to walk to Sagrada Familia and back.Rooms: quaint. My biggest complaint is that the beds are soooo tiny! We originally booked 2 beds, but it would be too cramped for my wife and I to share a bed, so we changed to 3-bed room. The charge for the extra bed was more than I expected. They would not accomodate us with a rollaway bed for our son, forcing us to get the expensive room. The bellhop does not know any English, so it was hard to understand him when trying to figure out the bed situation.Common Rooms: A little worn, but overall, pretty nice. I felt like I was staying in Europe - I was not expecting nor desiring a typical American hotel.Cost: Okay for 2 beds, expensive for 3 beds.Breakfast: Not worth the money, nor very good. Eat out!By the way, the cruise was awesome!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gibso
<Content>Great location,Decent hotel Overall a pleasant stay at the hotel granvia ,the hotel is in a superb location close to placa de catalunya and gaudis casa battllo and within walking distance of the ramblas.The public areas are very impressive and the courtyard is a nice haven from the bustle of the city.The room was equipped with everything you would for a short stay ,clean and tidy.I found the staff to be efficient without being over the top and they allowed us to leave are bags at the hotel until 7.00pm after check out so we could enjoy our final day.This hotel could do with a little tlc around the edges but as a good base for visiting barcelona you could do worse.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice wrappings, little else we are just back from spain, including a few days at the gran via in barcelona. this is a hotel with handsome wrappings, but little else. agreed the lobby, the staircase, the dining room is handsome, but you can't live there. our room was freshly painted, but otherwise on the shabby side of things. not only that but the tension shower curtain kept falling and the flexible shower was next to impossible to use.day management was OK, the night management seemed disinterested and unconcerned about our problems, except for the young bellman who was responsive. on the whole, except for price and a great location, i will not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not trust. BE WARNED!!If you book online for this Hotel but decide to cancel your reservation within the stated time limit they will still take money from your debit/credit card.We booked with them online through ----------- booking agency and changed our minds and booked with another Hotel in Barcelona, cancelled the booking with Granvia Hotel but still they robbed ?93.00 pounds from our account and the booking agency says there is nothing they can do to retrive this money.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lsf222
<Content>Great location The location of the Granvia is excellent. It is near the Passeig de Gracia(Modernista buildings) and Las Ramblas. We walked everywhere! We stayed at the Granvia for 8 days visiting our daughter who was studying abroad. We were located in the back of the hotel. The room was quiet, spacious with huge ceilings. We never ate at the hotel which had an expensive breakfast. We opted instead to go next door to a wonderful cafe or had breakfast at different places everyday. Would stay again!!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great central hotel We stayed for three nights - very pleased with the standard of welcome, room, etc. Faded grandour rather than outright luxury, but at the price, great value. The breakfast was OK, but you could probably do better for the money (but not the variety) in a Ramblas cafe. I will certainly return as it is in a central location, very close to the coach drop from the airport and the main sights. Very helpful staff. One word of warning - unless you like to be in the bustle of Barcelona, I suggest asking for a room at the back (they moved us from the front after the first night!).  
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Gran Via felt like home We had a wonderful experience at the Gran Via. The hotel itself is beautiful, if you like old things. It has a beautiful glass awning, a lovely salon room (with 2 computers including internet access), an attentive, friendly staff, and a not-cheap but nice buffet breakfast (10 euros), super-tall ceilings and clean rooms. It has the kind of faded elegance I prize very highly. Even the wear on the carpeted steps felt comfy, like Grandma's lined but sweet face.Definitely get a room in the back, because the cars zooming along the street are noisy in front. Also, don't try to sleep past 11 a.m. no matter how late you were up because the cleaning staff will knock on the door even if you have a Do Not Disturb sign on the door!The hotel is very centrally located. Walk through a park and you're at the top of Las Ramblas, and walk a few blocks the other way to 2 incredible Gaudi buildings. The S. Familia Church is also within walking distance.We will definitely return to the dear old Gran Via.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service was lacking We stayed here the first two days of January and were very dissapointed in the front desk. We made a reservation for three (2 adults and our child) - and the hotel gave us 2 single beds and expected our son to sleep on the floor. Said it was our fault because we didn't specifically ask for a crib or bed for him. Then, our rate was for bed and breakfast but when we got there, they said the rate was only for the room. Make sure to get a detailed confirmation for them. The room was fine, things are bit worn and shabby though. Location is good - could be a decent hotel - but they need new people working at the front desk!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Hotel OK My mother and I stayed here in late October 2003. Our room was big but furnishings were sparse and worn and amenities were a little paper single use shampoo pouch; merely adequate overall. The lobby and lounge areas hinted at the hotel's former elegance. Friendliness of the staff depended on who was there, but no major problems. Our room on the back of the hotel was very quiet but we heard several people complaining of noise in their rooms. Location close to Plaza Catalunya was great and the reason for choosing this hotel. We would definitely go back again keeping in mind that the amenities are not the reason we are there.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thumbs up for the elegant GranVia This hotel is in a very central location next to Playa Catalunya where you will find all the main shopping areas and eating places. The rooms were spacious with excellent en suite facilities, lots of wardrobe space and the single beds are a good size. The old fashioned decor creates an elegant ambience and we were made to feel very welcome on our arrival. The breakfast is excellent and well worth the 8 euros. The range of food is very good and you can eat as much as you like from the buffet. There is a beautiful lounge with internet facilities and an outside seating area which must be lovely in the summer time. Gran Via is a very busy street and you can hear the noise of the traffic throughout the night but do not let you put that off. We had a double room and a single room. The single room was cosy with wardrobe space, sky tv and a lovely ensuite shower/toilet. The hotel is very clean and reception is open 24hrs where you can leave your key and secure items. I arranged booking via email and had no problems at all. Cost is very reasonable compared with a lot of hotels in the same area and well worth the money. Would recommend and revisit.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, bad service We stayed in the Gran Via in December 03 - the location is very good, near 2 central metro stations and in the centre of a very safe area. Its a short walk to the Barri Gothic (10-15 minutes). However the staff we quite rude on occassion and not very helpful even when spoken to in Spanish (Castillian). Also, the sheets and towels seemed irritated the skin of both myself and my girlfriend and as an earlier review pointed out, there was a whif of clorine off the towels. The obviously use some very strong cleaners. If you have sensitive skin - avoid!The decor was a little tired - carpets well worn but the price was ok and the location could not have been better really.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MollyDancer
<Content>Great location, room in need of renovation   showReview(1513125, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>foobor
<Content>Below my expectation.   showReview(1511688, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful and next to Plaza Catalunya   showReview(1438429, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value    showReview(1371678, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gran Via Hotel, Barcelona   showReview(932263, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GRADSCHOOL1
<Content>Nice hotel   showReview(913992, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value with charm!   showReview(861524, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel   showReview(830133, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mickyryan
<Content>Great place to stay   showReview(738591, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrunaComo
<Content>Una bellissima vacanza   showReview(23138475, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>BPro77
<Content>Geht so...   showReview(20880377, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	1	1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien mais loin du centre ville   showReview(20552740, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Al check-in la reception ha...   showReview(20188625, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel Excellent rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(19630183, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jutta2881
<Content>Zentrale Lage unschlagbar. Hotel in sch枚nem alten Palast untergebracht   showReview(19014253, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Chambres exceptionnelles bon rapport Qualit茅 Prix   showReview(19630182, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ci torno sicuro   showReview(18532479, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel Excellent rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(18532478, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu 茅loign茅 du Centre Ville   showReview(18532477, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel veramente ottimo   showReview(17433066, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent rapport qualit茅-prix   showReview(16596413, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentrale Lage   showReview(15565660, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sono rimasto molto colpito...   showReview(16729289, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sauber   showReview(15565659, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>preis-leistung gut, sch枚nes ambiente   showReview(15565658, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>spero di tornarci   showReview(14735345, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Hotel mit gutem...   showReview(16726452, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres content   showReview(14735344, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel liegt in der Mitte...   showReview(14593265, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Positivo . Non ho avuto...   showReview(13929956, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione/servizio da migliorare   showReview(13979990, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel   showReview(13199383, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excelente ubicaci贸n,excelente...   showReview(13163363, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La prossima volta lo trover貌 pi霉 in fretta   showReview(13199382, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sono stato a Barcellona in...   showReview(13111425, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>consigliato   showReview(13199376, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Fr眉hst眉ck   showReview(11312703, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parsonale molto cortese e...   showReview(11405921, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>BUON ALBERGO, MA FERMO NEL...   showReview(11405922, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel si trova in un'ottima...   showReview(11405923, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Una de las habitaciones resulto...   showReview(11405919, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11430207, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>D茅莽ue par le confort et vraiment personnel peu agr茅able   showReview(11430206, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Splendido soggiorno   showReview(11405247, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien situ茅 mais un peu vieillot   showReview(11376495, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Innenhof - aber nicht bewirtschaftet   showReview(11376494, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Stilvolles Haus   showReview(11354706, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>LA POSIZIONE DELL'ALBERTO 猫...   showReview(11405924, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>He viajado con mis dos hijos y...   showReview(11405925, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Accogliente, centralissimo, ben...   showReview(11405926, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel. ottima colazione...   showReview(11405927, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Preis/Leistungs...   showReview(11405928, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonne disponibilit茅 du...   showReview(11405929, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo 猫 centralissimo a...   showReview(11405930, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Der Ausblick aus dem Fenster...   showReview(11405931, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>En resumidas cuentas....M谩s...   showReview(13532531, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2004
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le prix dela chambre nous a...   showReview(11405932, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

