<Author>ronnstra
<Content>Elegant hotel behind the Sorbonne We stayed at Le Jardin de Cluny for 3 nights, and enjoyed it very much. The hotel is generally in good shape and spotlessly clean, and the rooms are very elegantly furnished (we had a deluxe room). The service was good and the reception staff friendly and helpful. Everything in the room and in the hotel (the parts of it that we saw) was well maintained and worked well. Except for the bathroom door in the room, that was made of transparent, white glass and touched the bathroom floor (when the light in the bathroom is on at night, the whole room is lit up).The hotel tries to keep a green profile by inviting the guests to sort their garbage, and some of the food served for breakfast was ecological.Wi-fi internet was included in our room rate, and worked fine.The room was very quiet, no noise from the street or from other rooms. However, sounds from outside the hotel room door was easily heard (and vice versa). Breakfast buffet was very good and served in an atmospheric cellar- like room in the basement. At 14 euros it was more or less worth the cost (in particular if you arrive late and make it a brunch). The hotel is conveniently located in a quiet street 5-10 min walking distance from Place St Michel. The neighbourhood in the other direction (around Maubert Mutualit茅 M茅tro) is quieter and far more local and Parisian, with several good food shops and eating places, and a small morning food market.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>iandel
<Content>Recommended I have stayed in a few disappointing hotels in Paris, so this place was a pleasant change. The room, though small, was modern and spotlessly clean. The bathroom and shower were excellent. The location is ideal - very close to Notre Dame - and you can get there direct from CDG airport by getting off the RER at St-Michel. The Metro at Cluny La Sorbonne links you to the rest of the city, although you are so central you can almost walk everywhere. There are plenty of restaurants/cafes in the vicinity - Brasserie Balzar on Rue des Ecoles is very good.The staff were friendly  at 鈧?25 per night (excluding breakfast) it was almost good value (for Paris at least). I would definitely return.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>FiCairns
<Content>Great Paris Hotel       Flat panel TV  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kennyk1
<Content>Why Stay Anywhere Else? My wife and I stayed at this hotel in early October, 2008 for 5 nights. This was our first time visiting Paris and we chose this hotel because of good reviews in Trip Advisor. What a charming French Hotel! The standard room was small by U.S. standards but had everything one would want- the room was spotless, the bed was especially comfortable, the shower water was as hot as you want and the flat screen t.v. was a bonus. The staff couldn't have been more helpful, especially Andre and Morgan. Although our room faced the elementary school across the street, we heard no noise, and there was no car noise from the street. The location, around the corner from the Sorbonne, made for a great atmosphere when walking nearby-a mixture of students, French merchants, mothers with babies in strollers and older people, great for people watching. The Metro is 2 blocks away ,cafes , wine and cheese shops, and an open air market are at the end of the block. I have no idea why anyone would not want to stay at this hotel, unless large and opulent is what you want. But if you want to experience a perfect French hotel, this it!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>janet07washington
<Content>Very Nice My husband and I stayed here for 16 nights in September. I did alot of research and picked the Jardin de Cluny. It did not disappoint. I have been to Paris before and really prefered this location, perfect! The staff is very nice. The hotel was quiet anda great home away from home. We had room 501 on the top floor overlooking the street on the back side. Comfortable bed and they keep the rooms very clean. I would stay here again. We did the breakfast which was quite varied and something for everyone.The Thai/Chinese restrauant 1/2 block up across the street was good and reasonable in price. Also, if you walk back behind the hotel a couple blocks, you come across alot of eateries that are less in price. Another note, there is a laundromat 1/2 block away! We used it a few times and it was great.The French were very friendly and nice. We did not encounter any rudeness that you always hear about. I believe that label is wrong!Enjoy Paris! It is truly wonderful and full of surprises around every corner...  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jemimagold
<Content>Stylish boutique hotel in the St. Michel area       Our Room  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AJGLothian
<Content>Excellent Hotel Rooms a little small, but it's a European city centre. Staff friendly and helpful. Very clean rooms and public areas. Central for all Paris sights.Tried breakfast on one day only -- very good.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>suzeclarke
<Content>Great Location but tiny rooms This hotel in a great location however the rooms are very small and get exceptionally hot. The reception staff were very good and spoke excellent english and were very helpful.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>RVJV113
<Content>Great hotel, service and location! A Paris resident recommended Best Western as having great hotels in Paris, and they were absolutely right. We loved everything about the Jardin de Cluny. The rooms were small (typical for Paris) but spotless. The location was perfect, we walked everywhere except for the Eiffel Tower. The street was quiet with lovely neighborhood restaurants nearby. We had 2 children with us (1712) and felt perfectly welcome. And, the people at the front desk were as friendly and helpful as could be. All this, and the price was very reasonable for a 4 star Paris hotel. Our secret tips would be to skip the hotel breakfast for 15Euros and go around the corner for a fabulous crepe breakfast! Also, there is a small grocery store down the street where cases of water are a great deal (as opposed to paying 3Euros for a small bottle at the tourist locations).  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>poppy39
<Content>excellent! Excellent hotel, very central as just off the busy Boulevard saint germain but on a very quiet street so no noise! We stayed in a superior room which was large for a room in Paris - good sized twin beds with enough space to walk round them! The bathroom was also of a good size for a city hotel with lots of surface space and a bath/shower. Would recommend it after many visits to Paris over the years this was the best hotel by far.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>ValC123
<Content>Great centrally located hotel This hotel was good value for the money. It is centrally located, within walking distance to most tourist destinations. The rooms, though small, are clean and tastefully decorated. The washroom was a decent size (we stayed in a double standard room). Reception was friendly and welcoming. Skip the overpriced breakfast (15 euro, although standard in hotels in France) and opt for coffee and croissants at a cafe.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Mrs_Lewis
<Content>Surprisingly good hotel After much searching online my mumand I booked a Eurostar package combining our return fare and night in a hotel. We wanted something very central so searched around the Notre Dame area. I read a few reviews before we went for this one and so glad we did. I think it may have been refurbished recently - our room was small but well furnished with very comfy (twin, as requested) beds, very clean bathroom and flat screen tv. The lovely surprise was a pretty balcony with a view over the paris skyline - we were on the 5th floor of 6. Some of the rooms seem to face on to the courtyard so I recommend trying to get one with a balcony if you can.The lady manager was absolutely charming and made it a great stay. My mum and I hardly ever go away and if we'd had a grotty hotel it really would have spoiled it so I feel very lucky to have found this one 5 mins walk from the Seine.Breakfast is 14 euros and worth it as it's down in a sweet little cellar with a good spread of breads, cheese, ham, eggs etc - set us up well for our day of sightseeing.Lastly, I recommend walking over to the Ile St Louis for dinner in the evening. It's a lovely stroll and there are some great small restaurants. Seemed perfectly safe walking back and there are several bars to call in for a night cap on the way home...  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cari_The_Dancer
<Content>Couldn't be better! Having read the other reviews we decided on this hotel.We are so glad we did.  The hotel WAS 2mins from the metro station, the hotel WAS 5mins from Notre Damme, the hotel WAS welcoming and friendly, yes the room WAS small but immaculate, clean and lovely fluffy towels.Great area with so much to do and see.......On the main road there is a little coffee shop where you can get breakfast for 2 Euros 90 .....a bargain for paris. There is also a lovely little Greek deli (on the way to Notre Damme) that you can stock up on Mezze, over the road from the deli there is a supermarket where you can grab a bottle of wine, some plastic glasses and a bottle opener....then take yourself down to the Seine by pont neuf and join the other couples and families for a romantic night by the river....cheaper than eating out.....perfectly safe and all within ten mins of the hotel. I would recommend to take a picninc blanket with you for extra comfort. We did this for 3 out of the 5 nights we stayed.The Latin Quarter is lovely, go up to Mouffetard (I think that's how you spell it, about 10 mins walk from the hotel) for drinks and food and a nicer atmoshere than the fixed price menus of the tourist hell that is rue de la huchette, a street away from Notre Damme. The fixed rice menus seem chea but the quality is shocking and the crowds are awful, you'll know where you are when you see the smashed plates outside the French/Greek restaurants there.Although I would reccomend the Jazz Club on huchette, Le Caveau De La Huchette. Full of great characters and everyone was up dancing until the wee hours. It is housed in a medieval cellar and is worth the trip just to soak up the atmosphere and people watch, get there early to grab a seat as after 10pm it gets quite full..and hot!! If you can swing dance definately go.I have travelled around the world and stayed in some great and some slummy hotels this was definately one of the better ones.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SashaTexas
<Content>Terrific hotel in Paris! This hotel was terrific! Quite clean, quite comfy, breakfast was delicious. Staff was great, Andrea has been mentioned in other reviews of this hotel and I have complimented her in a review to the Best Western chain. I have visited Paris many, many times and have never stayed in the same hotel twice. But from now on I will only stay here. Am going back in October and have already requested room rates from Andrea. This hotel exceeded expectations!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DVINFC
<Content>Great hotel in great location We had never been to Paris and knew very little about the hotel, the neighborhood, etc...We were so thrilled when we found the hotel (quite easily off the Metro), and the wonderful staff. We spent 4 nights in the standard room. Not very large but updated, comfortable, quiet, air conditioned, and well appointed. Free internet as well. The staff, especially Andrea, were very helpful and friendly. We loved the Latin Quarter, which is in close proximity to Notre Dame, and believe it or not, walking distance to the Louvre and other points of interest. We could not have been happier with the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>planmagsN_ireland
<Content>romatic break 4 nights stayed in hotel 17th july 2008 great hotel staff so friendly and helpful rooms very clean also mini bar in roombreakfast is buffet with lots of it also champane every morningso near all main sites 5mins walk from norto dame no need for metro walking distance to Jardin des plantes best square in paris great restarents and bars lovely place and open to late at night but not noisy.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TropicalTravellerUk
<Content>Great little hotel Clean, quiet, recently-renovated, with helpful staff and in a superb location 鈥?we were delighted with this hotel. The little touches made it even better 鈥?free newspapers in the lobby and free champagne on ice in the breakfast room. Excellent!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>poshtotty
<Content>Comfortable and well equipped Great location for exploring the latin quarter and St Germain, but still an easy walk into the centre of Paris. We just used it as a crash pad, so were barely here. Excellent double glazing and a quiet side street location. Super clean and good facilities. Compact room, but what do you expect in a big city hotel!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Nix069
<Content>Nice Hotel Stayed here at the end of May for 3 days. The hotel staff were very warm and welcoming and everything was clean and tidy. Our only gripe was the room was absolutely tiny, it was beautifully decorated but the bed seemed smaller than a double and we could only get ready one at a time as there was no room to move! Towards the end of the stay I was feeling a bit claustrophobic. But a nice hotel and cheap for the centre of Paris.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>CapitalTraveler
<Content>Recently renovated hotel in great location We stayed at this hotel in mid-May for a wedding we were attending in Paris. We didn't have particularly high expectations, but were very pleasantly surprised by the property.As others have said, the location could not be better. In the heart of St. Germain-de-Pres, just a hop skip and a jump from some of the livliest parts of the Left Bank. A short walk to Notre Dame and the Seine, too, as well as the Maubert Metro station. About as central as you can get if you want to stay on the south side of the river.As for the hotel itself, while the rooms are small, they all appear to have been very recently renovated with nice hardwood floors and bathrooms with modern fixtures and designs. We showed up with our 18-month old, and they put us in room 501, a room that seemed a bit bigger than those our relatives were staying in, and just fit the little portable crib we brought for our son to sleep in. Some relatives complained that higher-priced rooms were no bigger than average-priced rooms, but we had no such problems.Staff was almost universally great. One woman at the front desk was a bit brusque with us, but the man who was there most of the time was extremely friendly and helpful...spoke perfect English and indulged me when I tried my broken French on him. For the price and location, I think this is a great choice for a budget hotel in the heart of Paris.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>prestongirl
<Content>Excellent hotel       the indoor garden  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Tom08London
<Content>A great base to explore Paris We stayed 4 nights - initially we had a double room and were disappointed with the queensize bed so we changed to the twin option which was equivalent to a kingsize bed (both beds adjacent to each other). The new room was freshly decorated, clean and most pleasant. Very friendly and approachable hotel staff who provided tea making facilities for our room when we asked. A nice touch was the freely available Guardian and Herald Tribune newspapers at reception. Wonderful location - close to sights, cheap but good restaurants and the underground - took only 5mins by train to gare du nord for the Eurostar!!  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gosmart07
<Content>Loved Le Jardin De Cluny Hotel Le Jardin De Cluny was the perfect launching place for our first trip to Paris. We relied heavily on reviews found on TripAdvisor and elsewhere in making our plans. We finally chose the Hotel based on relative convenience to the Metro, room size (two twin beds in a 15sq metre room), a more reasonable rate, and good comments about the staff. From the first e-mail, the staff was prompt and helpful. They provided directions from the airport and Metro; they agreed to a rate found elsewhere on the web including breakfast for two, and also provided a sounding board for Ballet tickets. (Thank you to Morgan, Medjid and Andrea!)We reconfirmed a week or two before arrival, and received a cheery reassurance and welcome. And, when we arrived, Andrea greeted us with early check-in to our room, and even helped to load us into the lift with our luggage. She also provided extensive information on transit and sights, between other front desk business. The information was very useful to us, given our 鈥渞ookie鈥?status, and we changed our first day itinerary as a result.The chambermaids, breakfast staff and other staff were all extremely polite and helpful. As requested, we turned our key in when we left the Hotel, and each day when we returned the room was spotless. I would say that we were a pretty low-maintenance pair of guests. We have traveled to other countries, so our expectations were set accordingly. Having read that rooms are sometimes switched on guests at other Hotels, we were a bit nervous at arrival, however, our room was exactly what we anticipated from the description we had received. The Hotel is on a quiet residential side street, so other than some noise from the TV in the room above, typical for a small hotel such as this, we found the location very quiet. Our room looked out over both a street and the bathroom window opened to the courtyard. We were very comfortable, and had enough room to leave our two suitcases out in the room through out our stay. Our understanding is that the Hotel was fully booked during most of our stay, however, there was always a sense of quiet and peace at the Hotel. We saw a mix of business and pleasure travelers, most of shorter stays than ours, and very few younger children.We chose to eat on-site, thanks to a good inclusive rate, and really enjoyed simply rolling downstairs to the breakfast room in the cellar (shades of Orwell). The coffee was delicious and strong, and the other offerings were extensive enough to give us 7 days of varying choices: chopped fresh fruit, various breads and croissants, multiple flavors of yogurts, meats and cheeses, cereals, eggs, etc. While this is not the Ritz, it was wonderfully welcoming and comfortable. The Hotel is small, but well-kept, and the staff really made us feel at home. They assisted with locating a pharmacy when a cold took hold, and also helped locate an internet caf茅 for us when the Hotel computer鈥檚 hard drive fried and we needed to access e-mail. We never felt unsafe in the Hotel or the area, which is filled with students, business people, tourists and residents. (And their dogs - watch where you step in Paris!)There are 3 Metro stations in the area of the Hotel, The Cluny stop being the closest at only a couple of blocks away. We enjoyed the walk to the St. Michel station, where there were more options for various lines. While we bought the books of 10 tickets, we were on the cusp of wishing we had purchased the Carte Orange. We did buy the Museum Pass (6 day) which clearly saved time and money for us -- we covered a lot of territory and this put us right at the head of the line! We did not try taking the bus, although the Hotel recommended this highly. There is a small store selling staples, drinks, wine very close to the Hotel, and multiple bistros, brasseries, cafes and restaurants to choose from. We highly recommend this Hotel as excellent value, great staff, accessibility to transportation, and peace and quiet  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Ouiparis
<Content>Not Much to Complain About the Jardin de Cluny! We just returned from our whirlwind 4-night holiday in Paris. We found the Jardin de Cluny to be a very convenient base for our third time in Paris. It's right near the Latin Quarter and St. Germain areas. The Metro stop (Maubert-Mutalite on the #10) was a 2-3 minute walk from the hotel. There is a small convenience store right around the corner, where you can stock up on water and other snacks. We were given room 506, one of the deluxe rooms, which faced Rue de Sommerard. Others have commented on the lack of a bathtub, but 506 did indeed have a full-sized bathtub. The sink had ample space to rest your toiletries. The decor was to our liking; no chintz, but contemporary prints for the curtains. Also, the king-size bed was actually one whole mattress instead of the usual two mattresses combined.Le petit dejuener (breakfast) was nothing to write home about, but the coffee was good and strong. The spread also featured eggs for boiling, the usual array of croissants and other pastries, yogurt, and fruit. Espresso and scrambled eggs were available upon request.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>vairolaw
<Content>Great location, modern but small room, friendly English speaking staff My daughter and I stayed four nights in this hotel 2-17/21. It is just a few blocks from the Pantheon and Notre Dame. The neighborhood is great for food, bars, little deli type places for crepes and getting to other parts of paris. Very safe and college oriented area. No rowdy students as we found most college kids in paris are very sophisticatedI would recommend walking to the St Michel train station for all major transit connections to other PArts of paris, which are minutes away. We actually walked from the hotel as far as Des Invalides (Napoleon Tomb) passing thru the Cluny Musee, Luxembourg Gardens and the train to Eiffel Tower and Arch de Triomph.The hotel is modern and clean as are the rooms, plasma TVs great plumbing and fixtures. The arera below the lobby has a spacious sitting area with TV.Our first time to Paris was made better by finding this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>chinagirlAmsterdam
<Content>Lovely, excellent hotel in Paris I had a very nice, goodsized room on the fourth floor, with streetview. The room was very stylish furnished, the bathroom with tube! looked brandnew and was very clean. I felt very at home. The neighbourhood is great and you can walk for hours through the small streets, the Iles....The people at the reception were very friendly as well. So I had a great stay in Paris, and in this hotel. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Alex04
<Content>Good base and location Good location close to Notre Dame, Louvre and Metro. Staff friendly and efficient. Had two standard rooms and one superior which were a reasonable size, clean and in good decorative order; we only slept in them. The lift was a bit small if you had a lot of baggage.Would recommend.Alex A wright  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>jarcar
<Content>Great location. This hotel is in a great location near the Louvre, Notre Dame and lots of nice bars and restaurants. We booked a standard room which was small (like most hotel rooms in Paris) and a bit dark as it was at the back of the hotel. However, the room was very clean and had a lovely bathroom. The staff were friendly and very helpful.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>AustralianinHolland
<Content>Great service and definitely a must for budget travellers A friend from Australia booked this online. I was meeting them and I just went along and booked the same hotel (so I could stay at the same place.) I was pleasantly surprised.The staff spoke english very well, were very helpful and very pleasant.The location is very central to all the major sight seeing points and walking distance to many good cafes and restaurants.The internet rates were very reasonable and the little lounge downstairs was great if you wanted to have a drink after hours or just have a tea/coffee.Would definitely recommend this place for budget travellers. Just a note - the elevator to my room (on the 2nd floor) was ok, but friends of mine (on the 5th floor) had to take a tiny elevator that only fit 1person and 1 suitcase. Rooms were also very small, but clean and updated...but if you are in Paris - how much are you going to be the room anyway?  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>travelled_from_TO
<Content>My favourite hotel in Paris When in Paris, whether for business or pleasure, if I can, I always stay at this hotel. The staff is friendly and helpful, the location excellent, the rooms clean and well appointed.This is a downtown Paris hotel in the 5th so set your expectation accordingly. I travel extensively in Europe and the Jardin is defintely one of my favourites.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>DeMammy
<Content>Very Enjoyable stay My husband and I recently stayed here for 3 nights. It is very modern, clean, and quiet. There is a metro station just around the corner. We never bothered with breakfast so I can't comment but there were many places nearby to pick up coffee and pastries. We found the staff to be very helpful. I would definitely return.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>origamicrane
<Content>nice hotel very friendly staff good location although room a littel small nice hotel just minutes walk from notre dame. staff excellent very friendly and helpful. no car park but there is a public car park within 5 miuntes walk which cost 24 euro a day. hotel room was small bath room was clean but the room itself looked a bit dark anf gloomy and gave the impression that it could have been cleaner.Very small 2 person lift so if you have alot of luggage on your travels you should bear this in mind. although there is a very nice restaurant just down the road le vire prevvre  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scousewitch
<Content>Some problems On the whole this is a good hotel with friendly staff but take care to be precise when booking a room. I had booked a superior double room with bath and shower, but was actually given a room without a bath which was extremely small (to the point of not being able to walk around the bed unless sideways!) and had very noisy air con unit (305). Also the bed was tiny, smaller than a double. When I asked for a different room I was told the hotel was full and would not be able to move to another until the following day. The room I was given the next day (504) was much, much better. Significantly larger with seperate toilet and bathroom (with shower and bath), and quiet and efficient air con unit. And the bed was huge too.When checking out I was charged the same price for the tiny room I occupied the first night and the larger room I had for the rest of my stay. When I queried this I was told both rooms were refurbished rooms classed as superior and so were the same price.Although the decor in both rooms was of a high standard in no way were they comparable in size/price. I heard the receptionist refer to the second room I was in as a deluxe superior so would suggest anyone considering staying at this hotel makes sure that is what they request.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RH155
<Content>Wonderful service A fantastic hotel with incredibly helpful, friendly staff. Lovely rooms, great bathrooms, good breakfasts. Great location - walking distance to St Germain d'Prix, buses, Metro. Longer walk to Musee d'Orsay, Louvre and more. Exceptional staff.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DallasRover
<Content>Nice Choice for a sightseeing We just got back from a three day visit to paris, our first trip. Thehotel was chosen over the internet based upon reviews as well as location.....The staff was very helpful and friendly. We had booked atriple room and we given one of the family rooms on the top floor. Everything hotel related is smaller in Paris and this was no exception, though we had two seperate beds and lots of closet and bath space. The room was comfortable with two rooftop windows that looked out on , well, other rooftops. It was nice to get some outsideair later in the day beyond the usual air conditioning. The decore was interesting, dark colors with lilly floral wallpaper, but clean and well kept.The location was excellent for someone wanting to be close to all the sights but away from the crowds. You are two blocks away from NotreDame, the river, the river boat stops, 2 minutes to the Cluny and 5-10 minutes to an abundance of restraunts and cafes. In the area the prices are about 60% of the prices around the Champs area. Theres a neat small outdoor market at the end of the street as well as a quite helpful wine store next to a cheese shop.Overall a good tourist choice. Oh, the 'cellar' is the breakfast area. Its a very neat space though we didnt have breakfast at the hotel. There is a bakery just doen the street with great choices!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>momtoemma
<Content>good little hotel My 13 year old daughter and I stayed here for 5 days in August. We had a deluxe twin room on the top floor (502). Good size room for Paris. Our toilet was in a separate little room (like a very small closet) and therest of the washroom was across the room. Odd and a little inconvenient (ie hand washing) but no problem. No shower curtain and water pressure was very poor in shower.Good points: location- was great, very close to RER B if coming in from Gare du Nord (Eurostar) or CDG- very easy even with luggage- no more than 5 mins easy walk with luggage. Also metro line 4 and line 10 very near and some main bus routes-lots of restaurants and cafes-Starbucks and Haagan Das ice cream cafe-staff was friendly and helpful except they failed to pass along a phone message to me (no voice mail)-internet available in basement lounge area for I think 8 euros per hour (we used it for about 15 mins but they said no charge!)rooms clean, smallish flat screen tv with BBC and CNNRoom was probably about 12 feet by 15 feet, (not counting bathroom area), and we were told we had one of the largest rooms. We saw a couple of other rooms and they looked very very small. This room defeintely had enough room to have 2 twin beds, table, and floor area for luggage, and you could still walk by.air conditioning worked well, and the large windows opened to a very quiet back street.No real negatives but I would note the following:1. breakfast is 14 euros/person- very expensive2. in our room when it rained (as it did 3 days of our trip), there was a very very annoying dripping sound onto the roof above our room- so loud it would wake you in the middle of the night, as it did both my daughter and i.3. shower was poor water pressure, and no shower doorOverall I would likely stay again but get a deluxe room if you can.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>valleygirlCardiff
<Content>Great location and unbeatable price for Paris Weekend Just got back from a wonderful weekend in Paris.The hotel cannot be beaten for location and price. We booked through the Best Western web site at a charge of 109 euros per night, admittedly it was booked a few months ago and we got their Best Rate.The staff spoke excellent English and were very polite and helpful. Like most large city hotels, the rooms are quite small but you spend such little time in them anyway. We didn't eat breakfast at the hotel as there were so many great little cafes just around the corner.Splashed out on our last evening and went to a beautiful restaurant just up the hill from the hotel. Think it was called Le Coupe de Chou, not sure of the spelling, perfect evening.Would certainly stay at this hotel on a future visit.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	-1	3	

<Author>europeangirl
<Content>fantastic hotel in the centre of paris,excellent location Stayed for 3 nights in this wonderful gem in the centre of paris. The room was spacious,spotlessly clean with lovely friendly people on the desk. few mins walk to notre dame and all the bars and restaurants. Bagged an excellent rate of 109 a night on the bestwestern.com website (hotels own).I would recommend this hotel to anyone,I couldnt fault it!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SAC181
<Content>Good location, clean and quiet. Chose this hotel due to some of the good reviews on Trip advisor.Stayed in room 301, superior double room and we were very pleased with the standard. Very clean and modern and quiet. Air con worked well. Hotel staff very helpful and polite and spoke very good English. Easy to get to via metro and RER. Would definetley return. Would recommend trying the bistro Maree Vert located close by as recommended by the hotel receptionist. Great three course meal for 34euros a head, great service and ambience. All in all very pleased, had a great time.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hotpants3
<Content>Location a plus We stayed at the cluny for 5 nights got a really good deal on one of the websites, booked it after reading the excellent reviews. The hotels location was excellent , rooms average, staff very helpful, Tea/coffee can be requested when booking. Could not fault hotel in any way great value for money. Would most certainly recommed the Le Jardin De Cluny Hotel. Thank you to the staff for making are stay a very comfortable one.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Peter123Needham
<Content>Very pleasant stay We chose this hotel for the location, a short walk from Notre Dame and all the activity of the Latin Quarter. It is also convenient to several metro stations.Our room was very comfortable for my wife and me, plus our 12 year old son on a rollaway. It's what I would have expected from a small European hotel - not spacious, but adequate and clean.I'd read others' complaints about noise, but our room, #02 on the ground floor, was quiet, even though the windows overlooked a side street.The front desk service was friendly and helpful. Their English was much better than my French.We didn't try the breakfast in the hotel, preferring to enjoy one of the neighborhood cafes,A few other tips: Despite what looked like a long line on our 11 AM arrival the Musee D'Orsay, it moved very quickly and we got in within 30 minutes. The Museum Pass allows people to by-pass the line entirely, but may not be worth it unless you plan to visit multiple museums.Finding our way from CDG to the station at St. Michel - Notre Dame via the in-bound RER train was easy enough. The outbound to Orly was a bit more challenging, involving a a couple of switches. Note that some of the stations don't have elevators or escalators, so heavy luggage can be a problem.The restaurant that the people at the hotel recommend, the Brasserie Balzar, is OK, though not great, and a five minute walk from the hotel. Adam Gopnick wrote about it in the New Yorker a few years back, but ownership has changed and it may be coasting a bit on its reputation. Or maybe we just had a cranky waiter.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>akolt
<Content>OK stay Booked this hotel at the last moment through WorldRes.Excellent location in the Latin Quarter. Room ( I was upgraded to Superior without my knowledge and was charged additional 25Euros per night when I left) was very small but suffcient for 2 night stay and for the price. Room was clean + very quite which was very important for me. Overall OK. Did not take the breakfast so do not know the quality. I prefered to have a cup of coffee at one of many coffee shops on blvd St. Michel for a fraction of a price.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>travelzilla
<Content>Good experience The hotel is in a convenient location where you can visit Notre Dame, Patheon, Jardin Luxemberg easily. It's in the heart of Latin Quarter with lots of cafes and restaurants. It's also close to both the RER and Metro stations. The rooms are clean and size is good. Staff are very friendly. I would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>essiedot
<Content>Perfect for Family Vacation We spent a week at the Jardin de Cluny in the family room on the top floor. I would highly recommend this room in particular if you have a group of three or four (or even five if one doesn't mind sleeping on a cot). The room itself was spacious, as was the newly renovated bathroom. I took a peek inside other rooms in the hotel and they were minuscule by comparison.Service was friendly and efficient. The only problem was a delay of about two hours before check-in- which seemed much longer because of our jetlag. The location is wonderful. You are just steps away from Place Maubert, which has several cafes and bakeries. There is also a Metro stop right at the corner. My favorite Paris museum, the Cluny Museum, is only a block away. Several days there was a great street market in the square with an interesting mix of food vendors and artisans.We never had breakfast in the hotel. I did take a look at the breakfast room, which is quite nice in spite of the fact that it is in the sub-basement. I still cannot imagine why anyone would choose the expensive hotel basement breakfast over one of the cafes in the neighborhood.Overall, I would recommend this hotel. It was a good value, well situated, and had friendly staff. If you are looking for a clean, comfortable, pleasant base from which to explore Paris the Jardin de Cluny is a good choice.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>NickJB
<Content>Great Location My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights and had a great stay. The hotel has a great location, is easy to get to from the airport (trainstraight from CDG stops about 300 metres from the hotel), the rooms clean and the staff very helpful. Only downside was that the rooms were small, but you did have enough room to move around and you can鈥檛expect much more from a hotel of this price in the city centre  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Sarahkat83
<Content>Charming hotel, good location My husband and I stayed at the Jardin de Cluny for 3 nights in late May. I chose this hotel after reading the reviews on tripadvisor and got a good rate on the hotel's website. We had a double room at the front of the hotel which, although small, was charming and equipped with plenty of creature comforts - comfy bed, flat screen TV, nice modern decor, mini bar (not overly expensive), powerful hot shower (no bath) and nice toiletries. In addition to the nice rooms, lovely atmosphere, decent value for money and helpful staff, another good thing about the hotel (as mentioned in previous reviews) is its location. It is situated on a quiet street just off the Blvd St Michel and is close to good cafes, restaurants, shops and sights. It is also just 5 mins from the metro, 10 mins from Notre Dame etc and you can walk to other central locations, including the Louvre and the d'Orsay within half an hour. It is also easily accessible from CDG airport on the RER.The only negative points would be that our large window wouldn't quite shut properly which meant we could hear some street noise at night. Additionally, we didn't have breakfast at the hotel, instead choosing local cafes, however we found that the choice tended to be limited and expensive compared to other meals. We would recommend Brasserie Balzar just round the corner on Rue des Ecoles for its food and wine, atmopshere and charismatic staff. Overall a great hotel for a short break in Paris.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Watchung2
<Content>Perfect location Loved this hotel with a wonderful location, quiet street, convenient to laundermat, excellent restaurants, metro close by, and we upgraded to a superior room that was beautiful - The Rose Room. The staff couldn't be more helpful. They gave us great directions and recommended a wonderful cafe around the corner. We walked for hours around the area and would stay at this hotel on our return trip next year.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OxfordJack
<Content>Small, smelly room, with rude staff I booked a room directly with the manager over the phone, for my wife, me and our young son. The warning signs should have been (1) the manager was delighted that we were staying for 8 days, and (2) the significant reduction from the rack rate that I achieved without any haggling. I was told that the room was large.On arrival the woman at reception was rude and unhelpful, and the room was in fact minute and smelt. The receptionist happily showed us into other guests' rooms, rather surprisingly, and these were little better. The lift and communal areas were claustrophobic.We checked straight out, and spent the rest of our first day in Paris walking the streets with a three year old and our luggage, looking for another hotel. This was preferable to staying.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Vivngeoff
<Content>Loved it!       The high loo!  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JRCM
<Content>Spring Sunshine in Paris My partner and I stayed here for four nights during the weekend of the French presidential election. We chose this hotel based on the Tripadvisor reviews, its location and the deal offered for a superior room on the Best Western website.We asked for a room on a high floor but the hotel could only offer us the second floor when we arrived as all the superior rooms on the upper floors were already occupied. We were given the key to 206 but discovered that this had twin beds - we had asked for a queen bed. We were then given 105, which is directly above the front door of the hotel. Although I know from previous experience that Paris hotel rooms are pretty small, I had anticipated that a superior room might be larger. However, having seen into one of the unmodernised courtyard facing rooms which was quite dark, it would appear that the front facing, recently modernised rooms are categorised as superior, even though they have nothing extra in terms of space or facilities.I didn't have an issue with this especially, but other travellers thinking of booking his hotel might wish to be aware of this. We booked about three months in advance but that still didn't guarantee us a room on a high floor - something else to bear in mind.The room itself was clean and comfortable, though the shower was difficult to regulate. 105 has no bath by the way, though this wasn't a problem for us. As reported in some other reviews, noise from other rooms is audible, especially from the bathrooms. The room floors are wooden and this means that you will hear the sound of furniture being moved above you.The room safe is very big - large enough to store a sizeable digital camera. A hospitality tray is available by calling reception, but whilst the cups are washed daily, stocks of tea, coffee and milk are not automatically replinished unless you ask for them. The minibar is big enough to take your own drinks - we just removed the hotel's stuff when we wanted more space overnight, then put it back again in the morning.We didn't eat breakfast at the hotel, preferring to pick up croissants and baguettes from a nearby boulangerie and eat them down by the Seine. The hotel staff were friendly enough, though our engagement with them was really limited to checking in and out, and leaving and collecting our key each day.This hotel has a great location on the left bank in the Latin Quarter and the superior rooms are nicely presented if rather small. The queen bed is just a standard British double bed, by the way. I would stay at this hotel again, but if you are very concerned about noise then this hotel might not be for you - unless you bring some ear plugs!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>30SOMETHINGSLASGOW
<Content>very helpful staff hotel staff very friendy and helpful nothing was too much trouble fantastic location 5 minutes walk to the notre dame where you can get the open air bus lines which take you round all the major attractions ideal if its your first time in paris as you can hop on hop off. lots of fab shops not all with designer price tags fantastic choice of one off boutiques offering great shoes and bags for the ladies and if you like the atmosphere of local markets then on a saturday morning just at the end of the street to the their is a local market offering fresh produce leather goods and ceramics all at bargin prices. within walking distance of the hotel you ve also got a great choice of cafes bars  resturants (italian chinese thai greek mexican indian and of course french) just dont order house wine by the glass as it is very hard to taste the diffrence between it and the vinegar pay the extra and choose a nice bottle (its not too expensive)  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	5	5	3	

<Author>ShazyLondon
<Content>Perfect location for shops, drinking, siteseeing etc It was my first trip to Paris and I was treating my Girlfriend as well so I wanted it to be right. When I was choosing the Hotel to stay in and I consulted tripadvisor, this hotel came up with great reviews so I went for it. To cut a long story short we were both extremely happy with Hotel and everything that came with it. Very helpful and friendly staff, clean and modern bedrooms, dining room, reception etc. Perfectly adequate breakfast, your usual contintental -crossiants, yoghurt, cereals, Bread and jams, Eggs etc. The hotels situation was great, just of Boulevard St Germain and about a 3 min walk to the nearest Metro, lots of nice resturants and bars very close by, so perfect for the evenings. A huge comfy double bed made for great sleeping and it was nice and quiet with the windows open. I definatley reccomend this hotel to anyone looking for a short break or longer. One tip however - if they try and palm you off with a small room at the back of the hotel which hasnt been redecorated (room 307) go straight back to reception and ask to change and they will. I read that this had happend to someone else and it happened to us, but wasnt a problem at all and they happily changed it.!! Have a great time!!!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>triptoparis
<Content>Best trip to Paris ever!!! We stayed there 1 day ago for 2 days. It was great experience, everything was fine, VERY clean, good neighbourhood, 5 minutes walking distance to Metro and RER, nice cafes not far away, absolutely friendly staff!We had a superior room on the street side and didn麓t hear any noises from the street. The room provides a safe, minibar, flatscreen television, a.s.o. it麓s small but big enough!It takes around 35min to go to the Disneyland (very easy only 1 metro change).We will definitly come back!!!!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wonderlust22
<Content>Clean, good location and friendly, but.... The hotel is in a great location - good walking distance to most areas. It is clean and the folks behind the desk were helpful and accommodating. Beware of one thing ... the single rooms face the Jarden or Courtyard, which in fact is an airshaft .... so my view was of a blank wall, with no way of knowing if it was night or day. Make sure you ask for a room that faces the street.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lapinette
<Content>Good value for money I stayed several times in this hotel and all the rooms i stayed in were clean, quite big and quite, excepted one, that was small and very dark. Staff is very friendly, though always very occupied and the location is perfect. Of course, breakfast is very expensive, but this is always the case in Paris, the difference here is that breakfast is quite good, compared to other hotels.What i always loved 'even in the small, dark room) is the bathroom, very clean and not cold, as it is unfortunately the case sometimes.Given the general situation of the hotels in the touristic area of Paris and their bad value for money, this hotel is my (and my colleague's) favorite destination for our business stay.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>cjkat
<Content>This hotel may be small but it makes up for it in character. Loved it! This hotel treats you like an invited guest, always ready to help you. If you have any doubts about understanding the language, the people who work here speak fluent English. One tripadvisor's suggestion to bring a printed out map of the location helped our cab driver find it, as there are many Best Westerns. One look at my map and he took us right to the hotel. The rooms are small, but very comfortable and recently decorated. The bathrooms are very up-to-date, bright, and lovely. The location is ideal, very close to the Boulevard Saint Michel, Boulevard Saint Germaine, and a short walk to Notre Dame on the river. The Louvre is a 20 to 25 minute walk. There are lots of great cafes to choose from and we were very pleased with several that we stopped at. A small market is just down the street from the hotel where we bought cheese, crackers, fruit, wine, etc. Our whole experience couldn't have been better and we felt very welcome. The breakfast was fairly expensive - 13 euros each - but even if you try it once, it's an interesting experience. The internet is available at a small fee, and we used it several times. One suggestion - if you get a chance, visit the small side street off of Boulevard Saint Michel in the eventing (after 8:00) where locals go to visit the many bistros and brasseries - it's the place to go at night. You can really enjoy the French atmosphere here. All in all, we had a great time and I would highly recommend this hotel for the price.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelingval
<Content>Nice Hotel with a Great Location My sister and I just returned from a 9 night stay in this hotel. We throughly enjoyed our stay here. The hotel is in a great location. Very near the Latin Quarter and to Notre Dame but on a quiet side street. Very convenient to the Metro. The Maubert-Mutualite station is just around the corner. We didn't eat in the breakfast buffet as we thought $13 euros was not a good value. Lots of choices to eat very nearby.We really didn't use the desk staff for anything other than check in and check out and to get us a taxi to the airport. That was the only negative thing we have to say. I asked the night before to have a taxi ordered for 6:30 am the next day. It was a good thing that I went down early to check out. I asked about the taxi and the desk clerk had no idea what I was talking about. It only took a call but would have put us behind schedule if we had arrived downstairs at 6:30 and no taxi was ordered and we had to wait. Other than that the staff always had a nice bonjour for us when they saw us. They spoke excellant English.We had a superior twin room on the 4th floor. The roomsize was big compared to the one other Paris hotel we have stayed in. There was actually room to walk around. There was adequate storage space, nice airconditioning, a minibar that we used to store our own drinks, a safe and a flat screen TV. They received one English speaking channel which was CNN. The bathroom had a very nice tub/shower combination and the hotel provided nice green tea toileteries of shampoo and bar soap. There were also windows that opened and it felt like we had a balcony. We did notice some noise from neighboring rooms but it was never overly loud. All in all it was a very quiet hotel. We can definitely recommend this hotel. In high season, it's a little expensive but still a good value for the location.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>schenectady
<Content>Never Again Chose this hotel based on TripAdvisor reviews and description on another site as having soundproofed rooms. We contacted the hotel and told them that quiet was of extreme importance to us. We were told that all their rooms were very quiet, even the street side rooms. We had two rooms on the street facing a building undergoing renovation. Noise until late at night from other guests and then banging in the street from dump trucks and construction early in the morning. We asked if we could switch to quieter rooms and mentioned that we understood the rooms were soundproofed. The concierge said we should expect noise from other guests and that soundproofed rooms meant double glazing on the windows! Well, I suppose technically about 9 square feet of the room are soundproofed, then. This particular woman, whom we believe was the head desk manager, was also extremely rude when upon check out there was confusion over the rates due to the way her employee had recorded them (not our error). We have never been treated so impolitely and must say it left us with an extremely poor feeling about our trip to Paris. If we should ever return, we would most certainly avoid this hotel. On the plus side: The hotel is spotlessly clean and nicely decorated. The young front desk assistants were extremely polite and accommodating and spoke english very well.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trollking
<Content>Good Location for Food, Drink and Places to Visit       View of Notre Dame from window  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>glamsterS
<Content>No complaints! great hotel This was a Great 3 star hotel!! To be honest one of the main reasons I ended up choosing this hotel was due to the great reveiws it got on Trip Advior so I had to make sure I added my review after my stay. Stayed for 6 nights at this hotel during the last week of August. The staff was EXTREMELY friendly/warm and helpful. Tried to accomadate us as much as possible and helped a lot with our getting around paris questions, etc. Most of them spoke quite fluently in English so it was very easy to communicate with them. I stayed there with my parents and brother. We had 2 superior rooms. Rooms were bigger than most european hotels. They were clean/modern and had windows that opened fully so even though you don't have a balcony you get the feel of one. Bathrooms were spacious and clean. Breakfast room was a delight as was breakfast. Great location you get the best of both worlds - hotel is on a quite block so you can rest at night without having to worry about the street noise and only a 5 minute walk to lots of restaurants, etc and Notre Dame. Would definitely stay in this hotel again. Felt like a home away from home.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>Anne1957
<Content>Good hotel in great location Having found this hotel while browsing the web for good hotels in Paris, we were impressed by the reviews and my friend and I stayed here for 3 nights. The location is good, lots of Paris landmarks within walking distance (e g Pantheon, Notre Dame, Louvre, Musee D'Orsay) and several nearby Metro stations, but the hotel is in a quiet side road so is quite peaceful. However, despite being an old building with thick walls, the partitions between the rooms must be quite thin as I could hear the person next door cleaning his teeth!! We asked for two single rooms but we each had a small double - my room was very small and also very dark as it looked out over a square courtyard so had buildings on each side. It was reasonably priced and fine for one person but I wouldn't like to share! There are bigger rooms and if I visited again with my husband we would definitely upgrade. The mini-bar was extremely expensive but unusually in a European hotel there was the option of a free hospitality tray, with tea and coffee. The hotel claimed to have a bar in the basement but when we investigated the first night it was deserted - no obvious bar area, although there was a shelf of glasses, no staff, and it seemed to double as a lounge area, but being in the basement it was dark and rather claustrophic, so we didn't linger. The breakfast room was in the sub-basement (!), but we regretted paying for breakfast because at 鈧?3 it wasn't good value for money - there are lots of local bistros/restaurants which seem to serve a reasonable breakfast for much less.Reception staff were efficient, if not particularly friendly; my French is quite good but they spoke good English anyway. A request to replace a failed lightbulb in my room was dealt with amazingly quickly! Lots of restaurants in the local area but the quality was variable and prices seemed rather over the top. We found it rather strange that many of the restaurants won't serve sandwiches/snacks at lunchtime, although they're happy to just serve you with a drink! We would probably stay here again because it was a good location, but would go for bigger rooms.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>OccasionalTourist
<Content>Excellent This hotel has a terrific location in the Latin Quarter, surrounded by cafes and shops, very close to a Metro stop, a short walk to Notre Dame Cathedral, a 15-minute walk to the Louvre. The rooms are small by American standards but very clean and comfortable. And it has air conditioning - very important in the summer in Paris! The staff speaks fluent English. I skipped their breakfast for 13 euros each because of all the cafes within two blocks. Overall, a great place.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>LucyEmma
<Content>Great Hotel, Burnopfield, Newcastle upon Tyne, UK. I stayed at this hotel after reading reviews on tripadvisor. I have to say that I was not disappointed. My husband and I stayed for 3 nights in August 2006. We stayed in room 206 at the front of the hotel. We booked a twin superior. Its definitely worth it paying that little bit extra for a superior room as they are much nicer than the standard ones. Our room although small was clean and well equipped. The bathroom was very modern and clean. I particularly liked the air conditioning. It was quite hot when we were in Paris so the air con was a godsend. We were able to leave the air con on all night because it was so quiet. The hotel is located just slightly off the main street so even though we were at the front of the hotel it was very quiet at night. I would definitely recommend this hotel. Very easy to get here from the airport which had been my main concern about visiting Paris.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>travel+拢=funlife
<Content>Best value for money, great location and comfort This hotel is located in the heart of the Latin Quarter, only 10 min walk from the RER line B (from Charles de Gaulle Airport). Having visited Paris numerous times and stayed at various hotels, I am convinced I have found a hotel in Paris that I highly recommend and will return again. The hotel looks relatively new or at least recently renovated. The room I stayed at was very clean and modern. The Latin Quarter (St Germain des Pres / Saint Michel) is the perfect area to stay as you are close to the restaurants, nightlife and shopping. The Notre Dame is located a few minutes' walk away from this hotel and the other attractions and museums are within easy reach. The staff at the hotel are very pleasant and helpful. I highly recommend this hotel. At 3-star hotel prices, this hotel has great value for money.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>917vud
<Content>Pleasant for tourist Just what we needed as tourists for a couple days--excellent location (close to Notre Dame, RER airport train), quiet street, convenience shopping nearby, A/C, non-smoking rooms, clean, and modern room.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Anonymous00002
<Content>Great Location.. would return         
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect!! My wife and I went to Paris for the first time during 4th of July weekend and we were lucky that we stayed at the Best Western- Le Jardin de Cluny. It was in a perfect location. We took the metro from CDG airport and it was very easy. There are 2 metro stops located next to the hotel, and there are MANY cafe's, brasserie's, and bars located in the Latin Quarters. You can walk to Notre Dame, Pantheon, St. Sulpice Church, St. MIchael's Fountain, and other sites in the area. The staff was TREMENDOUSLY HELPFUL from the time we entered to the day we left on day 5. Our room was VERY clean, bathroom was spotless, Flatscreen TV was practical, Air-conditioning was perfect, room did not smell like smoke, and it was in a very safe neighborhood. We stayed on the fifth floor, sometimes, the elevator didn't work (maybe twice) but it was fine with us. The room was a little small compared to what we're used to in the U.S., but it was perfect for the 2 of us. The staff spoke English, breakfast was provided every morning (if you wanted to pay for it), and there was internet access. My wife was initially hesitant about staying in a Best Westernin paris, but it definitely still had a French appeal.When I go back to Paris, i'm staying there AGAIN!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WorldTraveler91324
<Content>Good Location This is my 6th time to Paris staying in the Latin Quarter. The room was larger than most I have stayed in. It was clean, Cool, and quiet. The staff was freindly and helpful. A little off the beatin track (one street below ECOLE one street above St. Germain and a couple of blocks from St. Michel.) Metro and Bus was close. I love this area and will stay at this hotel again... I finally found one that is not too expensive and confortable, close to everything.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>patrice0204
<Content>great location We stayed in this hotel for a week and found it to be in a great location for sightseeing. It is in a very quiet street 5 minutes walk from Notre Dame. The room we had was small but had a comfortable bed, lcd cable T.V., fridge and bathroom. I would have prefered a suite but they were booked. Noise could be heard sometimes from other rooms but did not keep us awake. The staff were great, very friendly, helpful and spoke good english. I would recommend this hotel as good value for your trip to Paris.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ufgators96
<Content>Great location! Great hotel We stayed in the Best Western Le Jardin de Cluny on May 26th to the 29th. I was a bit hesitant about staying at a Best Western in Paris but decided on it after reading reviews on Trip Advisor. They were all right on! The location was great, walking distance to everything, very close to the metro stop, and off a main street so it was quiet. The staff was very nice, spoke English (as everyone in Paris it seemed) and were very helpful. The room was very small, however, the queen bed was comfortable, the room was nicely decorated and very clean. I would highly recommend this hotel to other and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CatRochester_NY
<Content>Delightful hotel in the Latin Quarter We were a bit hesitant to choose a Best Western hotel in Paris, afraid that it would be too American and we would lose out on a special Paris experience. But in reality the hotel and its location were wonderful, with a real French atmosphere. Staff was friendly - responsive to our limited French, but able to switch to excellent English when needed. Our room (Superior) was spacious, with a large bathroom and all conveniences. All in all this hotel is a wonderful home from which to explore Paris!  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful choice! I speak only a few words of French so I searched diligently thru tripadvisor to locate a hotel with an English-speaking staff for my solo trip to Paris last week. Not only did I get that, I got a kind, friendly, witty staff. One even went way out of her way to satisfy a request from my daughters(back at home) to deliver a birthday gift to me while I was there. The breakfast was excellent; the single room, certainly spacious enough. I was able to sleep well b/c the area is very quiet, even though the hotel is only a block away from St. Germain. I loved the location (a couple of blocks from Notre Dame). BUT, b/c the hotel is tucked away on a side street, taxi drivers did not always know the location. So, go armed with a map from the hotel's website or mappy(-).  
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FABULOUS!! Everyone working at this hotel was so friendly and very helpful.We upgraded to a delux room and it was so worth the extra 10 Euros.The room was huge! Nicely decorated, bathtub, View ,who could ask for more?Also the area is perfect.Pantheon, and Notre Dame is right there.Restaurants and bars Galore.Loved this place, and cannot wait to return!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ideal location Date :22/03/06 Just back from Paris for St Patricks w-end on our 1st Wedding Anniversary. This hotel is in a quiet street just off Rue de Ecoles. Metro is just 50 yrds from Hotel Front door. Notre Dame just around the corner. Service in the Hotel excellent - Rooms cleaned and beds made up every morning. LCD tv in room - mainly French channels with CNN news. Safe also in room. Breakfast located in basement was satisfying - Staff helpful/friendly. Would recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Chrismary
<Content>Great location Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights 24th to 27 February 2006. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was small but clean and warm, as it was very cold in Paris this weekend. The location is excellent we were able to walk to many places and on an evening there were lots of reasonably priced restaurants minutes away. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, great location We stayed in Jardin De Cluny in February 2006 and we had a wonderful stay. The location was excellent, plenty of restaurants, bars and cafe within a 2 minute walk.The hotel is on a quiet street in walking distance from great sights as Pantheon, Jardin de Luxembourg, Notre Dame and the Louvre Museum. Our room was nice, had a flat screen TV, comfortable beds and a nice modern bathroom. Staff was very friendly and helpful and spoke English fluently.We would definitely recommend this hotel and we would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>llholm
<Content>Great Hotel          lounge room  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>maui50
<Content>Great little hotel I have just returned from a one-night stay at this hotel (Nov 16th), when I stayed in a single room. I was very impressed with both the quality and the value for money at this hotel, considering I booked last minute (paid a fraction of the guide price on this site). Staff were friendly and helpful: I wanted an early check-in and I had called the hotel the night before to enquire about this - early check-in was refused on the phone but I was told I could leave my bags at reception until the room became ready. However, when I arrived the following day, they had prepared a room for me after all, so I could check in early as requested, and at no extra charge. The room itself was average-sized but with a nice bathroom: I was staying in a single room so perhaps doubles are larger. A well-stocked, and not horrendously priced, minibar also came in handy!The location of this hotel is the best part: a 1-minute walk from the m茅tro stop Maubert-Mutualit茅 on Line 10, and within close walking distance of the student buzz of the Mouffetard area, the touristy buzz of St Michel, and the caf茅 culture of St Germain. Lots of caf茅s, cheap eateries, and little neighbourhood grocery shops/delis nearby. For me, the best location in Paris really.. Would recommend the hotel and would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Alan Doheny
<Content>Superb Little Hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience in every way We just returned from our honeymoon in Paris and could not have been more pleased with Hotel Le Jardin de Cluny. Originally, we booked with a much higher-rated (on Tripadvisor.com) place, Hotel De Notre Dame, but while the staff was very nice, we were extremely disappointed with our room (really really tiny 8'x16' and somewhat shabby). So after walking around town a bit on our first morning in Paris, we found Le Jardin de Cluny and they were able to give us 6 nights accommodation on the spot. The location was ideal and although it is right in the heart of the Latin Quarter, our room was very quiet and had a view of a small neighborhood church. The room felt very luxurious (double the size of the better-rated Hotel de Notre Dame for the same price and with much nicer bathroom, bedding, furniture, and atmosphere). They even had non-smoking rooms, thankfully. The restaurants, patisseries, cafes and markets nearby were all great. The photographs of the hotel on this site are totally accurate--the place feels upscale for a 3-star joint!All of the staff we encountered were very nice and extremely helpful, from finding directions to restaurants online to storing our bags before check-in. Breakfast turned out to be a good value at 12 Euros and we took advantage of it a couple times. It's fun to have the experience of sitting in a cafe with a river view, but it ends up costing about the same for one croissant and a cafe au lait as the all-you-can-eat continental fare at the hotel.Our advice would be to take these reviews on Trip Advisor with a grain of salt, both the good reviews and the poor ones. We selected our first hotel based on the rating and were extremely disappointed. Some of the reviews for Hotel Le Jardin de Cluny are not stellar but we had a fantastic experience! You have to be realistic when traveling in Europe--most of the elevators are the size of phonebooths, the rooms tend to be smaller than in the US, and impressions of service can be very subjective, particularly because the personality of the customer can vary. Trust the photographs...they tend to tell as much if not more than the reviews.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>flansy
<Content>Had a very pleasant stay       still the room  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sixth Floor Blues   showReview(3911287, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good choice in the Latin Quarter I booked this hotel (2 single rooms) through a package with Eurostar and I can't fault it. The reception staff was very friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean and a decent size (esp given these were single rooms in Europe!) and breakfast selection was tasty and fresh. Our rooms were next to the lift (as single rooms they rather fit them in wherever they can), but were still quiet enough; yes, you can hear people in the hallway, but I've never found a hotel where you can't - and as there are only a few rooms on each floor, you don't hear people in the hall that often.As for the location, we thought it was great - just 2 stops from Gare du Nord by RER, 2 mins walk from Musee de Cluny, 10 mins from Notre Dame or the Pantheon, plus as it's so near the university, there are a number of inexpensive but decent restaurants nearby (try the couscous and heavenly baklava at Cafe Jafaar just down the road).It's not the George V, of course, but I'd happily recommend it and will stay there again if it's included in the next Eurostar promotion.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poorly trained staff!   showReview(3812115, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not friendly at all   showReview(2586823, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>1	2	-1	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>dfhauk
<Content>excellent choice   showReview(2570634, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great two day trip   showReview(2422416, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>normandy2
<Content>Thumbs up!   showReview(2113493, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location   showReview(1769551, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Berkeleytraveler
<Content>Very comfortable hotel   showReview(1764008, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emmacinzia
<Content>Ottima posizione,pulizia, cordialit脿   showReview(22751474, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel estupendo, a tres...   showReview(22049553, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LaFleur2008
<Content>Prendre absolument une chambre c么t茅 rue   showReview(20068364, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>GloriaBelgique
<Content>correct sans plus   showReview(16924363, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ero stata a Parigi in una...   showReview(17571408, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel tiene una ubicaci贸n...   showReview(13930027, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13979194, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfecto se ajusta a su...   showReview(11344805, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mikada
<Content>Pas mal   showReview(7344851, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>siculo76
<Content>Buon hotel in posizione perfetta   showReview(5714270, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel est谩 renovado y es...   showReview(11344806, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel de qualit茅 dans un...   showReview(11344807, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Benche la camera fosse un po...   showReview(11344808, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo molto silenzioso perch猫...   showReview(16725308, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfettamente conforme alle...   showReview(11344809, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

