<Author>Erik_Westrum
<Content>dirty hotel, woderful see this hotel could be a good choice for people that don't need cleanliness. Many attractions (golf, casino, disco,...) and many restaurants. The only thing clean is beach, really wonderful.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>jameneto
<Content>Excellent!       Our sea view room, with paying nothing more  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>trixsam
<Content>Amazing clss trip stay       View from Room Balcony  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	2	5	5	

<Author>alid106
<Content>a nightmare back in february when I was looking at some resorts i came across barcelo out of all of them my choice was barcelo bavaro beach so i booked through vacations to go for 16 people i chose this resort because of the many features it had on the website and everyone can enjoy themselves. i was never informed about any construction on the website until now. (i just happened to look in it again) i arrived at the barcelo bavaro caribe and questioned this is not where we are staying the bus driver said you need to stay here and register at the desk this is my last stop..so we got off and when i asked the lady at the desk she said oh that resort is under construction.. but this resort is not what i paid for i really did not enjoy myself at all and neither did my family.. so we are still waiting to see what vacations to go can offer us because they were never notified either....this is why i call it my NIGHTMARE!at least they should have notified us about the change and let us decide where to stay not just put us where they want to...i am very upset ... my first time to punta cana and this is what happens i should have gone to boca chica where i went the last time!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	4	2	3	4	

<Author>SamAlexiou
<Content>Never Book With Tmr Or Stay At Barcelo Bavaro Beach I would like to share with you my experience when my fianc茅 and I booked a vacation package with TMR. First of all, my fianc茅 and I were not seated together on the flight going there and coming back. This would have been a deal breaker for me had I been advised of this beforehand. It is an absolute necessity that I travel with someone at all times because I am very fearful of flying. Secondly, once we got to Punta Cana, we were sent to another hotel, the Barcel贸 Palace which is supposedly a five star hotel, without being informed of this beforehand either. Once we arrived, we went to the reception to check in. We waited in line for an hour and 45 minutes before getting to speak to someone. There were two couples before us. Then the receptionist, Evelyn was her name, instead of informing us that our room was not ready even though it was 3:45 p.m. she would go in the back office and would come out about every 30 minutes. We patiently tried to get information about where we could leave our luggage so that we might take the opportunity to go to the beach or get something to eat. She asked us to leave out luggage in the middle of the reception. Apparently, it is safe but at the same time she made me sign a waiver that the hotel is not to be held responsible for stolen or lost luggage. I found it really weird that this so-called five star hotel did not have a room for luggage that can be locked. I asked for the manager and again I got the same response. Evelyn again went in the back office and came back out 30 minutes later, without addressing my request. Then, once we started getting somewhere, Evelyn was trying to convince me that the beach room part on my reservation (BARCEL脫 BAVARO BEACH RESORT, BEACH ALL INCLUSIVE HOTEL ROOM) was a part of the title of the Barcel贸 Beach resort. I specifically asked the agent for a beach front room and was assured that Iwas paying a higher price because I was getting that room. Then I asked to speak to the manager. She went back to the office and came out 20 minutes later . Then she called Nancy, the TMR representative there. She proceeded to tell me that there aren't any beach rooms in the Barcel贸 resort and that I should be thankful that I am in a five star hotel and stop complaining. I don't know how the ratings are established and accorded to these hotels, but it was obvious that this was a very poor 2-3 star to me and the rest of us that got our package through TMR. To sum up, there was ZERO SERVICE at the reception, in the hotel rooms and at the restaurants. The sheets in our room were not changed for the entire week. There were finger prints all over the mirrors when we checked in and during the entire week we were there. The restaurant food was TERRIBLE. I was sick the entire time I was there. I went to the El Caribe, El Bohio, La Brisa and El Rincon. Then we tried the Steak House and Mexican restaurants and the Barcel贸 Beach, again I could not retain any food. We finally had to pay 20$ US each to try the Spanish restaurant La Fuente. And lastly the beach was terrible and very DIRTY. It was full of seaweed on the sand and everywhere in the water. We were told that Punta Cana was known for its beaches. We could not understand why. This trip was definitely not worth 2316$. We feel cheated and completely disappointed because we were open to travelling any other date and anywhere else down South.Needless to say, this was by far the WORSE TRIP we ever took and we will never go back to the Dominican Republic or book any package deals with TMR. I thank you for your help and hope that you will not be suggesting this destination or any package deals from TMR again.To make matters even worse TMR's response (2 months later) is to reimburse us 75$ each. How ridiculous is that!!!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>ishanley
<Content>Barcelo Punta Cana among the best       Shop, stroll, sun and sand ... what are you waiting for?  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>halo64
<Content>vacation at the Barcelo Bavero Beach and Resort.       pool @ Barcelo Bavaro Caribe Beach Resort  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Another_Scuba_Widow
<Content>Nice Beach-Service Could Improve This is a beautiful resort and the food is above average for an all inclusive. Our vacation, however, did have some problems. As many other reviewers have said, our reservation was mixed up. Despite calling and verifying the day before we arrived, when we arrived we were told that we were not booked at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach but at another hotel up the road. It was a twenty minute and $22 taxi ride away. That didn't cut it for us since, besides verifying it before we left home, we had all of our excursions set up to pick up at this hotel. Anyway, we ended up getting a room but the front desk was not sympathetic and pretended not to speak english. Another day, I needed assistance in calling one of our tours. Needless to say, the front desk did not help and would not make the call for me. I ended up doing it myself and - luckily - the tour operator had someone that spoke english who answered the phone.I would stay here again but, keep in mind that the service is not as friendly as others I have seen. You should speak Spanish to go here. Many of the wokers did not speak english and I think we would have gotten better service if we spoke their language. I think they avoided talking to us at all. The rooms are clean. They have tile floor and have that carribean smell that most hotels have in the humid carribean. The food was great and the beaches were beautiful.I caution you, though, to schedule your tours in advance as we found it almost impossible to get a tour operator even though they were supposed to be stationed at the hotel. Also, note that the Dominican Republic seems to operate on its own time table. Our taxi - scheduled for 11:00 - showed up at 12:00. Our tour for 6:30 a.m. showed up after 7:00 and our bus to the local zoo for 2:00 showed up at 2:45. As long as you know this going in, it won't stress you out.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	1	1	4	

<Author>TRAVEL_AGENT_Z
<Content>Great Resort complex The BEACH / CARIBE resorts are Great !!! they are a solid 4 star and the beach is wonderful. The food is good, but as far as the a la carte restaurants are concerned the only one we enjoyed was the steak house, so we went 3 times. We ordered the meat sampler platter for 2 and shared it. Rolling Black outs - Be aware that it is farely comon for there to be power outages while you are there, there is not enough energy to support the whole island so they share power and occasionally at night the power will go off. The resort is very well exuiped and versed in dealing with this though and the pull out back up ambiance right away. The only inconvenience is the disco is not open. We used this oportunity to share a romantic candle lit dinner and get to know some of our neighbours in the resort. Excursions - We did the day trip to Saona which is an un inhabited island , getting there was half the fun, a great excursion all round.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DominicaDave
<Content>major consruction problems - noise/dust everywhere I stayed at this hotel/resort for 2 weeks and found it to be average in all aspects. It should be noted that the Barcelo Beach Resort is currently rebuilding 4 of the 5 buildings. Although they have a large fence around the construction site to reduce dust/dirt, this does not reduce the noise of the construction project. The construction project will not be completed until December 2008.The noise of the jack hammers breaking concreate goes on from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. each day, 7 days a week. The construction firm is under a strict deadline. Therefore there are very few people at this location due to the fact that buiklding 5 only has 200 rooms. It would be much better to stay at the Barcelo Bavaro Casino or Golf Resort which is located 1 block away within the same compound. Although many people were complaining about the noise, there was nothing that the barcelo staff could do as often the other hotels (Casino, Golf, Caribe, Palace) were full.Also, it sould be noted that in June  July 2008 there will be several thousand Cuban-American residents from Flordia who get a special price and the resort is completely CRAZY with everyone drunk due to all-inclusive package and free booze.This is not a good time to go if you are looking for rest and relaxation. It is GREAT time to go if you like to drink from 10 a.m. until 5 a.m. with crazy party people. Also, take your own TUMS, Roid Aids, sun screen, sun lotion, etc. Everything is 4x more expensive than in the USA due to resort prices.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>yumei
<Content>not recommended. spent 5 days 4 nights in this hotel. pro: beach is nice. variety of soda , water provided in the hotel room. con: room smells like a basement. other than swimming, there is no other water sport activities on site, you need to take a shuttle to another hotel in order to get those sort of thing. Even snorkeling causes extra $$$. I know at least 4 people in my group gets either upset stomach or diarrhea after eating foods there. Don't order grilled lobster, it is mushy. Most waiter / waitress does not speak English. If you sleep early, don't take any room from block 3. It is right behind a band, which sings every night until 11:30pm.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	2	4	

<Author>DeezNets25
<Content>A Just Above Average Hotel for an Average Price       Pool Bar  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ladolcissima
<Content>Loved the Playa Bavaro beach at this Barcelo Chain We travelled here in Feb. of 2007 and really enjoyed ourselves. We booked spontaneously last minute and left 2 days later. We paid approx. $1100 each taxes in. There was plenty to do between the beach, the casino, the disco, the many bars, and restaurants. Loved the trolley that brought you around to each area between the 5 resorts thought this was brilliant especially after a few martinis. Apparentley the golf course within this resort was good as well. I must mention the food at the buffet was not the greatest in quality however it is not a 5* nor a 4 * resort so you can expect that. The rooms, and grounds were spotlessly cleaned several times a day from what we saw and we are pretty picky about that sort of thing. I did get sick on the last day of the trip but the others I was with did not so Im not sure if it was from something we ate. We met many europeans from Italy who return every year for the past 15 years because they absolutely love this Barcelo resort. I would definatley advise pre-buying your pepto bismal, Off spray for mosquitoes (since there`s lots), and sunscreen before you fly into Punta Cana as prices are outrageous for these items if you buy them at the resort. The beach at Playa Bavaro was by far one of the best beaches I have seen in my life. Comparable in my opinion to St. Thomas B.V.I. I prefer the beaches in Punta Cana over the Mayan Riviera or Cuba. I would probably not stay at this resort the next time visiting punta cana only because I would like to try the Riu`s or the Bahia Principes however I do highly recommend it (minus the buffet) as it proves good value and excellent beach.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>redtrillium
<Content>Loud and Noisey, but Beautiful Beaches       View from our Hotel Balcony  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Baileybailster
<Content>GREAT beach.... hotel rooms..... another story We just returned from a week at Barcelo Bavaro Beach resortI will start out by saying that the beach is the best beach I have ever been to... miles of white sand, tall palm trees and crystal clear water. It was never hard to get beach chairs as there were lots and lots... Beware Non Europeans... there are some topless women and some speedos ....The weather in Punta Cana is also nice, not blazing hot and there is a breeze off the ocean which always makes it nice.The Barcelo resort consists of 5 hotels, Beach, Caribe, Palace, Casino and Golf resorts. We stayed in the Beach hotel. The Beach, Caribe and Palace are all located on the beach with the Casino and Golf resort inland abit.The beach resort wear we stayed consisted of 5 large buildings of room and a large central area. We stayed in building 1 block building, which is the farthest away from the main area. There was construction on our building which was not too pleasant. In general the room was older , small and dated. The bathroom was dirty and before we used it, I had to clean it. (it was night and the front desk was useless) The two double beds are moved together so the room is very small. There was mold on the ceiling of our room. We were there during the March break and there was at least 3 class trips of 20 year olds or less on school trips. They were placed in our building or building 5. It was noisy at night when they stumbled back from the bar or casino and my husband had to speak to the students by our room a couple of times.Building 2, 3, 4 generally did not have as many students so if you can request, ask for those buildings. Most of the rooms had a view of the beach.The resort itself was however quite nice, clean, well manicured and had LOTS of activites of all ages. There was a trolley train which took you to the other resorts areas, the casino, golf course etc. There was mini golf, horseback riding. You could rent bikes, segways etc.... Overall the resort itself was great... The pool area was nice, but the only swim up bar was at the palace. The bars were nice and served good drinks.There was a large buffet area and two ala cart restaurants - Steakhouse and a Mexican Restaurant. You could use the facilities on all of the other hotel grounds with the exception of the Palace restaurants. They were an extra cost if you wanted to go there.The front desk (with the exception of one guy) was useless and almost rude at times. I couldn't believe how little English they knew..One thing to note... the front desk WILL NOT cash travellers cheques into US dollars only PESOs.... this makes it difficult as most everywhere takes US dollars... my advise, don't take travellers cheques..The activity staff was good, lots of fun and enthusiaticThe shows at night were OK, nothing special.The final thing I will say is that I would NEVER go with Signature Vacations ever again. The rep there was USELESS! She never knew the answer to anything and always tried to put us off.Take lots of dollar bills as everyone wants to be tipped. Tip the maid and she will ensure your room is cleaner than normal.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	-1	2	2	-1	

<Author>TorontoGolfer101
<Content>A half decent resort I stayed at Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort over the christmas holiday and didn't get a chance till now to write a review. We got to the airport with no problems, the flight was on time and everything. Everything went pretty smooth at the airport except it took a long time for them to get the luggage on the conveyor belt for pick up. Being to Cuba previously 5 times the security at Punta Cana is MUCH lighter basically going right through. The bus ride was smooth and so was check-in. Others reviews say that the resort is overbooked and they redirect travellers to other nearby resorts. Well I guess I was lucky. The room was alright. We had problems with the tv and we reported this to the lobby as soon as we checked in. Every time we called they said somebody is on the way to look at it. Nobody ever came. But I rather have the tv not working than the toilet pipes in the washroom exploding and flooding the room like other guests reported. The food was not bad. But the snack bar is way too overcrowded and you can wait a good 30 minutes for a pizza. The service in Punta Cana is NOTHING compared to Cuba. Also none of the staff in any part of the resort except for the lobby spoke any english. In Cuba the service is lighting fast, the staff speak fluent english and are very polite. If you tip a waitress in Cuba 1 dollar she would be thrilled and give you top service. In Dominican they just look at the money and take it. No Thank-you. Our room was at one end of the resort. It had its advantages and disadvantages. The advantage was the beach was not packed with plenty of room whereas near the snack bar people on the beach are all around you. Very claustrophobic. Disadvantage would be there's a good kilometer you need to walk to get to the restaurant. The beach was beautiful. White sands and blue water . Mainly only reason why we went to this resort. Went golfing paid 80$ but thats not bad for a round of golf. Nice course for all ages. The night life was trash. The shows were horrible. Once again nothing compared to Cuba. Basically right after dinner you could go to sleep and not miss anything exciting. Many fun excursions but been on many of them already so far except for the SEGWAY tours. Really fun. Tried snorkelling off the beach but don't bother no shells, coral or any fish whatsoever. Overall not a terrible resort but Cuba is much better in every category and the flight from Canada is shorter  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	4	1	4	

<Author>adidag0
<Content>Nice resort, crappy service My boyfriend and I stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach resort in January 2008. We got a room in one of the buildings in the middle of the resort, central to most of its attractions. The resort itself was pretty nice. The food at the restaurants was good, especially the Japanese and the Brazilian. The Mexican and the Italian weren't as good though. The pools were nice, as was the beach. The alcohol was plentiful, though pretty much all local brands. The pina coladas and strawberry daiquiris were subpar, but they were free, so you can't complain too much. Overall, the facilities were good.So why give an average report? The service was pretty bad. Anytime we had a problem (we changed rooms, got charged for phone calls we didn't make, etc.), the management was unenthusiastic even hostile in trying to make them right. Some of the managers were outright mean. We just wanted to enjoy our vacation and not let the little things get in the way, but one of the reasons you go to an all inclusive resort is to get good service. You might here, but it's not something you can expect. And you should be able to expect it.If you find a good deal to stay at this resort you might want to go. The facilities are nice enough and if you keep a good attitude the whole time (don't overreact about little things that aren't too important - yes flies exist in the outdoors) you'll have a good enough time. But if you have any problems or want any help from any of the staff, you'll be lucky to come out of that satisfied. Now I haven't stayed at any other resorts in Punta Cana/Bavaro, so I can't compare to them - but I would hope this is not the standard of service anywhere in the world.Oh, and by the way - we had to pay for those calls.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	2	1	2	

<Author>murphy75
<Content>Slightly better than expected After reading the reviews for this hotel, I was terrified going into this trip with my 5 girlfriends. But, once I got to the hotel, it turned out it was a little better than the reviews indicated, in my experience. I must have been lucky because when I arrived at the hotel, I didn't have to wait even a minute to check in and was brought immediately to my room (all in a matter of 5 minutes). The rooms are pretty outdated, but they were clean. I am pretty picky about bathrooms, but they were fine and clean--nothing fancy, but nothing horrible. The pools were very nice and there were always plenty of beach chairs. The beach was absolutely gorgeous, so we spent most of our time there. The drinks were good, but we received both good-and horrible-service from the bartenders. My only complaint was the food. I didn't like any of the restaurants and actually ended up getting very sick from the food. This is the only vacation where I actually lost weight!Overall, if you are looking for a cheap all-inclusive without many ammenities, this hotel would be just fine. But, if you are lookung for luxury or good food, I would pay more and go somewhere else.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>suzytoronto
<Content>Frustrating Vacation Our vacation started with great disappointment when we received our welcome pamphlet it indicated that we were booked at the Catalonia, we thought this was a mistake.. when we pointed this out to our rep he simply told us to go into the bus and the lady will explain everything to us. When we got on the bus and we started talking to a few people it appeared that everyone in the bus had the same issue.. Sure enough the lady came on the bus, she was a Barcelo rep, she explained to everyone on the bus that Barcelo overbooked and they were sending us to another hotel which is was an upgrade to the Barcelo and to compensate us Barcelo was giving us free 7 nights accommendations, we would have to find our own airfare. Well, this did not work for us because the only reason we took this last minute vacation was because we wanted to spend time with our family who were staying at the Barcelo Palace. Soooo, we explained this to the lady and she said that the best she can do is pay a couple days of transportation for us so that we can spend some time with our family. After spending a couple of hours on the bus at the airport , the bus finally left. We got to Catalonia which by the way I didn't like this hotel. To make this long story short we decided to take a taxi to Barcelo Palace so that we notify our family, we knew that they would be worried about us because we were 5 hours late. Sure enough with some hassel from security they let us in, we met up with our family who notified us that we have a room registered waiting for us and the hotel is waiting for us........Three cab fares later, late at night we finally were in our hotel room which we originally booked. WE are now fighting with Barcelo because they will not honor the 7 free nights because we had our room. Meanwhile, alot of the other guests arrived the next day and are still getting the free accommodation's. Between sand flees and mosquitoes bites, I would not recommend this resort to anyone. For the same price we payed here we could have got a much, much better resort with no problems. P.S. some people on the plane coming back said that they refused to go to the Catalonia, so they were sent to the Excellence and Grand Oasis which are top of the line. I am an experienced traveller ( over 20 years) and have never encountered such a mix up, if you read up on the Barcelo reviews you will find out that this is standard for them....Never again.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>mattburlet
<Content>Travellers Beware of Barcelo and Signature Vacations! You should be aware that the Barcelo Hotel chain in the Dominican has developed a nasty habit of overbooking its facitilies! We booked our vacation through an agent who booked a Signature Vacations package for us. We arrived in Punta Cana late on a Monday night, and were taken by bus to the Barcelo Bavaro Beach. The Signature rep on the bus did not indicate there were any accomodation problems. We got to the resort, and all of us and all of our bags were unloaded. Upon arriving at the front desk, there was a lot of confusion, but it was finally communicated to us that there were no rooms at this resort. We were furious, as my wife and I were travelling with our 7-year-old daughter and we just wanted to check in and go to sleep. After several hours, we were shuttled to another resort where we were put up for the night. The next morning, instead of starting our vacation, we had to go back to the Barcelo. Once there, we were told the rooms still weren't open, but we were offered to spend our entire vacation at a different resort in the area. Because that resort looked so awesome (the Paradisus) a whole group of us said yes. Turned out we could not spend our week in the DR there, after two nights they kicked us back to the Barcelo. Once back there, they upgraded us to the Palace instead of the Beach hotel. Dealing with Barcelo and Signature was a huge pain in the butt during this trip. They did compensate us for some of our troubles, but we still don't think it was nearly enough. The bottom line is, if you've booked a stay at the Barcelo in the DR, DON'T expect to check in as soon as you get there! Almost every Canadian or American we talked to at the place had been bounced around like this.On a positive note - the beaches are beautiful, the water fantastic, and you couldn't beat the weather. We think Barcelo and Signature run the risk of giving the entire DR a bad rap because of their poor customer service. Matt - Calgary  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>tobillo
<Content>bring lots of money We just returned from the barcelo Bavaro Beach and i wasn't very impressed at all. We were placed in block one for the first night and woke to a hundred or so construction workers banging away. The reception did change our room but it took all of one of our vacation days inside trying to encourage and persuade them to do so. I would have to say that the biggest thing that really bothered me was the very unfriendly and unwelcoming staff. We ran out of sunscreen and we were heading out to an excursion, all the stores were closed so my boyfriend went to guest services to see if she knew of any stores close by that might be opened. She said nothing was opened but she could help him. She pulled out a box of used sunscreen that was left behind by other guests. My boyfriend thought she was being nice and helping us out, (i'm so pale that i can't spend a day out with out sunscreen, so we were stuck) so he grabbed a bottle. She said make me an offer.ha. Anyway, my boyfriend was sold a bottle of sunscreen that was watered down with enough sunscreen for one application for 10 american dollars. This was not the only time that we were ripped of by our resort. To get anyone to do anything for you you had to pay them. This is not all inclusive. I am a generous person and like to tip when a tip is warrented but not to get service that should be provided, like water in our room. I would not recommend this resort to anyone at all.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tdotchickie
<Content>Fun for young singles!       Beach  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	-1	3	4	4	

<Author>kismet33
<Content>Barcelo Beach - Would not go back Spent an all enclusive week at the Barcelo Beach Resort in Punta Cana - Feb 11th to Feb 18th.The vacation didn't get off on a good start. After a 6.5 hr flight and transfered to the hotel only to find out the entire resort facility is booked out. Meaning no rooms for any guests arriving that night. After some confusion and little information, they transfered us to another hotel. Complete hassel when you only have 1 week there. Then arriving at the second hotel, having to go through the check in process and was informed that we had to check out the next morning by noon. Barcelo would have rooms ready by 3pm the next day. We later realized that the hotel was fully booked every night, therefore all new guests arriving daily would have to go through this hassel. We got our room at 3pm as promised the next day, beach front which was very nice. Only problem is daily (loud) construction on the suites behind our room. Complex block 1. Daily from about 9am - 8pm. We couldn't get a room change because there wasn't another room available.The hotel was also advertised as a 4 star, but infact in their brochures it was advertised as a 3.5. But in reality, more like a 3. The rooms are older and dated. Not much choice in dinning options. Can not dine at the Barcelo Palace. What we did like was the long stretch of beach front at this property. And a beach front room was nice despite the noise. The sands, white coral, can't beat that. Do we plan on returning. Probably not. For the price of this property, you should pay alittle more for a better choice. Happy travelsBWJT  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	3	2	

<Author>peeps03
<Content>At least the beach was nice.... During the first night of our stay it was evident that there was an extreme mosquito problem, not outside, but in the room itself. This was something to be concerned about considering the fact that malaria is present in the Dominican. They were coming through a hole that was in the bathroom vent. They swarmed our room the entire night, and when we look up we were covered from head to toe with bites. When we complained to the front desk about the situation we were told that they would come and spray the room. This consisted of a maid coming in our room when we weren't there and spraying the entire room (with all are belongings in it) with raid. This solved nothing, only to have the mosquitoes return the next night, and clothes smell like raid. After the third time we complained they finally agreed to change our room. Although the mosquito problem was the most serious issue, there were many other drawbacks with the room:-bathroom door would not close-bathroom light would flicker but never turn on fully-TV volume was broken-shower head was corroded and didn't produce enough pressure to properly rinse soap- room safe locked shut with our valuables inside-A/C only had one setting. FRIGID!- Phone worked for 3 out of 7 daysWe asked to have all of these things fixed and only 3 of them were attended to.Our new room was a HUGE improvement, so be wary of which room you get there are lemons out there.The food is nothing to brag about. Got food poisoning on the second night. However the service was friendly. We ordered room service one night., when it was brought to the room we were informed we had to pay for it up front, and that they could not charge it to our room. When we checked our credit card statements sure enough the room service was charged to room as well.When we booked parasailing through the hotel we were quoted one price and charged a much higher price on our credit card.Besides the restaurant staff, we found the other staff to be very unsympathetic to our situations mentioned above and were unwilling to help.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frsn
<Content>Beware - overbook The lobby was a disaster with people complaining due to overbookings. Only one person at check-out and one person at check-in counter. Waited an hour just to find out what I had feared, overbooked. They wanted us to go to Barcelo DR, 20 minutes away for 2 nights, lower end hotel. Then come back on 3rd night. After speaking with others, would return on 3rd day and still no room. I was not about to spend my vacation packing and unpacking. Therefore, I asked a cab driver to find me a hotel. Ended up at Melia Tropical, excellent!!!!!!!!!!!If you're thinking of going, make sure not a busy time of year.You may find yourself in the same situation. Punta Cana isa beautiful place, but I've been to St John's, Aruba, St Martin etc.Not worth the aggravation!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UsTraveler2222222
<Content>What a disaster! We just returned from a business trip (4 days), and experienced the worst service/attitudes we have ever had from a hotel in fifteen years of travel. There is no way to describe the front desk, Public Relations, and Reception personnel other than rude. Every time we encountered a problem (trying to reach or get messages to other guests in the hotel, hair dryer that didn't work, TV remote that didn't work, bugs in the room, no cold water (only scalding hot!), telephone that didn't ring when people called, message lamp that wouldn't go out on the phone) we were sent to Public Relations and required to wait in a long line of other furious guests...none of whom were being treated any better than we were.Warning: Don't go to this place! It's a disaster!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>MeBaby
<Content>Looked great, but was not great We booked last minute and didn't read reviews until after we booked. Just so you know, I am not a picky person. I have only traveled a few times so i don't have much to compare to. My boyfriend and I were just looking to get away from winter, get some sun and relax. Our sunscreen was confiscated by the airport so we were left without sunscreen the first day. We asked our tour operator, signature Vacations, if they could help us out, and they said they could get us some. The resort charges $40US for a small bottle of sunscreen!! The Signature rep didn't show up many times she said she would. It rained everyday 3 times per day! Gail force winds! Back to the hotel... The room was ok, kind of dumpy. The phone didnt work and we were worried the tv might blow up. Porn is on all the time so a warning to u if you are taking the kiddies! Service was the worst. I was ignored at the bar a few times because i didn't speak spanish.the buffet food is good, but the same thing all the time pretty much. The pizzeria was blah. The steak house food is amazing but again, the service was real bad. The second time we went there, I ordered the exact same meal as my boyfriend and he got a plate full of food and I just got a small steak and a ball of rice. When I complained to the waitress, she said she would take care of it. Then she never came back. Really??!! Learn spanish because we barely met anyone who spoke english here (goes for the staff too). On the last night the airconditioner in our room broke and poured half an inch of water onto the floor. No one came to fix it until the next morning, when we were trying to pack, shower and check out by 12. We bought a phone card that was supposed to work on the payphone BUT they don't work on any phone but the room phones. The front desk refused to let us use a phone with the card. They told us to use the hotel room phone but we had already checked out. Didn't matter anyway because our room phone didn't work! They just said No. Lots of people were complaining and yelling in the lobby at the front desk when we were leaving. We won't go back here ever. Oh and not to mention the coconut on the resort that fell out of the tree and hit me on my foot when were walking. i ended up at the hospital to get xrays. No apologies from the hotel for not upkeeping the trees. The upside was the doctor is super nice and speaks perfect english and spanish. She was a great help. But most people don't go on vacation to see the doctor... p.s. the POOLS ARE FREEZING!!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	1	2	

<Author>Hazel42
<Content>Rocky Start to our Vacation My husband and I have just returned from staying at the Barcelo Bavaro. We booked and paid to stay at the Beach Hotel, requesting an ocean view, balcony 鈥?which turned out to be a joke, since we were bumped to the Casino Hotel, farthest from the beach, overlooking the driving range. There were at least 20 of us arriving the same morning, all refused rooms at the Beach Hotel, since the management appeared to have overbooked the rooms. There was mass confusion when we arrived at the Beach lobby, with only one staff taking hotel vouchers. He eventually returned them, informing us we were staying at the Casino and to go to that hotel where we would receive room numbers.Our complaints and frustration at being given lower rated rooms were to no avail and we attended at the Casino lobby and were told to come back at 3.00PM. On returning, we joined the long lineup waiting for rooms, which had still not been assigned. We gave our vouchers in again and after waiting for about an hour, with each person complaining loudly once they reached the front of the line, finally got our rooms. The Manager refused to come out of her office to deal with complaints and management was obviously not concerned about customer satisfaction. Our Sunquest representative was also nowhere to be found, although we called the contact telephone number 鈥?which was 鈥溍秛t of service鈥?Our room was large, with a loft area, complete with second bathroom, which was handy. However, the room had an unpleasant odour. The fixtures were in need of repair, including one of the garbage cans being rusty. Our safe was temperamental, sometimes not closing or opening. The next day we went to meet our representative at the appointed time 鈥?he turned up an hour late 鈥?and was well aware of the problems. After wasting another half-day of our holiday, we were given upgraded bracelets to use the facilities at the Palace Hotel and compensation in the form of $150 each towards tours We were glad to have these bracelets, since if we had stayed at our original Beach Hotel, their bracelets would have precluded us from eating at 5 of the Palace restaurants. Be aware of this when booking 鈥?only those staying at the Palace Hotel may use all restaurants (except for the French and Spanish, which still require extra $). Once we decided to make the best of our situation, we enjoyed our week away. The beach is fabulous and the hotel grounds well kept and beautiful. The food and house wine are definitely superior in the Palace restaurants. Service in all restaurants is great, with most staff being very friendly. We did not find any problem with language barrier, as some reviewers have reported, as most staff spoke some English. I would not stay at this resort again, given the problems we encountered, however, would book with Sunquest, since they have also advised they will compensate us with either credit on our vacation, or vouchers for future travel. They, at least, seem to value customer satisfaction.If I had read the reviews of this hotel prior to booking, I would definitely have chosen to stay elsewhere. Next time, we will also choose a new hotel 鈥?and read the reviews first!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>sophiem77
<Content>Overall, Loved our Trip to Bavaro Beach!! My boyfriend and I went to the Barcelo Bavaro Beach for a 6 night stay in Dec. 2006, along with four friends. We booked this through Liberty Travel and didn't look for any reviews until after the booking! We were definitely a little worried once we started reading the reviews! But, we went in with an open mind and we ended up having a fabulous time!Checking in and out was quick and easy. We were greeted with drinks upon arrival. The beach was beautiful, as well as the pool. Although this place is not five-star, the rooms were very clean and large, and also had a large bathroom. Our room was the closest one to the pool on the first floor (perfect for running to the bar for extra drinks, then relaxing on our balcony). Also remember that this hotel is not brand-new.We are from the US and found that few people spoke English (other travelers). That was OK with us though. We tried our best to learn a few Spanish words when ordering drinks, etc. and the staff was very accomodating. We also put notes in Spanish in the room for the maid and the guy who fills the mini-bar. These notes with some tips (~$3-5/day per service) kept our room spotless and our fridge filled with plenty of Presidente and water. We also tipped one of the waitresses well ($5-$10 per day for our group of six people) each night at the shows (same waitress each night) and she kept the drinks coming and even brought us snacks (I only mention this because I didn't see anyone else with snacks). Overall, the staff was very kind and accomodating. The shows each night were entertaining (my boyfriend and I were even in a dance contest and won a prize!), although they were in Spanish. The emcee would translate into several different languages throughout the night, but we could pick up on a lot of what was happening in Spanish. Although this is all-inclusive, we had no problem tipping the employees and got great service with it. It did make us a bit sad though that the same woman closing the bar at midnight each night was also opening breakfast at 7AM each morning. We saw her for all 7 days we were there. Despite being overworked, all of the staff was friendly.We tried several of the restaurants and the food was pretty decent. I'm vegetarian and was able to find plenty to eat with the salad bar and pasta bar. My boyfriend is a meat-eater and was able to have a nice steak every single day! Also, out of the six people on our trip, not one of us got sick from the food or drinks. Actually, we took the CDC website's advice and over-medicated ourselves as a precaution, and I started to feel sick from the medication! Once I stopped taking it, I felt fine! If you're staying on a Sunday, make sure you go to the buffet and get there early for lobster tails! (I don't eat them, but my boyfriend ate seven!!) If you're looking for an eating vacation, you're probably better off heading to a major city in the US or Europe. Besides cruises, I'm not sure I've ever heard anyone say the Caribbean had the most amazing food they've ever had. Although this food didn't compare to my trip to Rome, all six of us found plenty to eat and no one got sick from anything.We took one trip outside the hotel for the booze cruise (booked it at the hotel). We went snorkeling and then had a party after. The guys on the boat were extremely fun and kept the atmosphere entertaining. I think this was ~$70 per person, but well worth it. We got some great underwater photos.My only complaint (and not really a complaint) about this hotel was the nightlife, or lack of. We tried to go to the club at night, but it was carpeted + spilled drinks = smelled like wet dog! It just wasn't really our thing. We also went to the casino which was mediocre (we go to both Atlantic City and Vegas a lot). We did have some fun playing roulette, but I wouldn't recommend playing any of the games unless you understand the rules and payouts well. We had to remind the workers several times to pay us out the correct amount. It seemed like no one else playing knew they were being shorted money with each win!Because of the lack of party atmosphere, I think this would be a great place to take a family (the entire place is very quiet after the show ends at ~11PM), if you're OK with the topless thing on the beach. I would definitely go back to Punta Cana, and maybe even this hotel again for a very relaxing 3-4 night vacation. But this isn't the place to go if you're looking for lots of partying or a place to go out at night. For what we spent on this trip ($900 per person, including flight, for a six night stay, all-inclusive) I don't think the experience could be beat!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>bearzz
<Content>Very relaxing until we arrived home.... On Jan. 28th 2008 my husband and myself left with Signature Vacations for a much needed rest to Barcelo Barvaro Beach Hotel recommended by the travel agent. We wanted Sun, a good beach, a clean room and good food. We had a clean room, it could have had a few updates to the bathroom, but it was clean and quiet. The beds were GREAT, they had feather toppers on them :) There are security cameras all around and security guards walking the grounds day and night. The grounds were well kept. We enjoyed the buffet, and the steak house, and itallian and mexican resturant. The mexican was not what we expected, but all others were fine. We had NO problem getting a chair on the beach no matter what time of the day, and did not have to leave a towel on it to reserve it. The chairs were comfortable as well. We had a great rest. We had a problem with our shower and it was quickly rectified when we contacted Guest Relations, and the same was when the hair dryer stopped. The were both fixed within about 1 hour. There was no mold in our room or leaks of water. We were in block 3 on the first floor and opened out door and the beach was right there...We arrived home on Feburary 4th at about 5am after a 4 hour delay. Our bags were put in a SECURE room at noon and retreived at 8:30pm. There was no one watching the room, all the security guards were outside in the grounds, and the door was open and everyone was walking in and out. No one asked for our baggage stubs. We loaded our bags on the bus for the airport. On February 4th as we unpacked and as I opened the box with my jewelery I had taken with me the box was empty...it contained gold jewelery and one costume piece. I contacted the travel agent who was surprised as this is a secure and safe hotel and they advised contacting SIgnature Vacations. Signature Vacations said contact our home insurance as they would do NOTHING...I still feel there is some responsibility on the part of the Signature Vacations using this hotel. We have never had a problem in hotels and the rooms where luggage is kept til flight time are monitored and secure. When the snow melted we discovered our van had been hit in valet parking and they also have no responsibility...I WOULD NOT RECCOMMEND TRAVELING WITH SIGNATURE VACATIONS, or to this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OhioOhioOhio_USA
<Content>First trip-mixed impressons This was our first trip to Punta Cana and the Dominican Republic. We live in the U.S. (Ohio). We stayed at the Baravro Beach hotel. Other options were the Bavaro Palace, Bavaro Golf and Bavaro Caribe. Here are my observations:1. The beach and ocean were very nice but very crowded much of the day. Same for the pools. A lot of seaweed washed up on the beach every night but the staff attempted to rake it up every morning. 2. The staff was very friendly but relatively few hotel workers spoke english. 3. Most of the tourists were from Europe, Canada or South America and I would estimate that only about 10% were native english speaking visitors from the U.S. 4. Our room was not in good repair. The air conditioner thermostat did not work properly and required manual on-off contol at night, to be comfortable. The bed linens were very old. The toilet handle was broken and only one electrical outlet was available for general use, which was also broken. The room was adequate and clean but not at all modern or well kept up.5. The all inclusive restaurants were fairly good and offered a reasonable selection of food in each theme (Mexican, Italian, etc.). The buffet selections were large with lots of choices. The breakfast buffet was especially good. 6. The free bar drinks were dissapointing. Alcohol was only added by special request and the beer on tap was weak and not very good. The local bottled beer Brahama was very good but not offered at the open bars. 7. Although tipping was not required, it was obvious that tips were expected at every turn. I recomend taking a large number of one dollar bills for tips. An ATM is available in the complex but will only give out Dominican 1000 peso bills (worth about $30 US, each). 8. The basic Bavaro complex can be seen in one day by taking the train between the four or five basic locations (you could also walk but the train is faster). We also took a tour to Santo Domingo (one full day) and a half day Carribean Festival snorkeling tour. We also rented Segway vehicles and took a tour for about an hour traveling around the park areas adjacent to the Bavaro complex. All the tours were very good and I can recommend them as worth while. They cost was about $70 per person. The segway rental coat was about $30 per person for an hour. 9. The local shops in the Bavaro complex are very over priced. Much better prices were available in Santo Domingo, but required the tour to get there. It's over three hours travel. 10. If we go back, we will try a different hotel.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>merciless
<Content>Value for money but with some hiccups Vacationed at Barcelo Beach for a week starting on Jan 6th.Beach:Good beach but it contained some seaweed along the stretch that belonged to Barcelo. Take a long sleeve garment since it is a touch cool at this time of the year especially in the shade and evenings. Lots of chairs, plenty of towels, relaxing to walk along the beach in the afternoon. Beware or welcome the topless females on the beach.Pool:Not kid friendly - we used the pool at the Casino since it was quiet and had a fairly large area in the pool for kids / infants. Pool a the Beach resort is very busy on the weekends when the locals arrive and it could get messy at times.Food:Was above average. The buffet at the Beach resort provided the largest selection of items. Good selection of fruits. Try out the grouper filets at the cooking station. The fruit smoothies were good .. use a cup of yoghurt. Italian was not very good same goes for La Uva which was opened for lunch in the Caribe section of the resort. Mexican was good. Did not try the steakhouse.Room:Was clean and maid service was good. When we arrived in the room the toilet was not cleaned properly but was rectified quite quickly. Average room and not many english channels .. not a problem since most of the time was spent out of the room.Golf:Good value for money. Greens was slow but acceptable. Fairways were okay but was damp due to rain. Tee boxes were acceptable. Good practice and chipping greens. Driving range was okay.Fitness center:Okay. Seats on the bikes were hard so use a towel on the seats. Limited weights but was enough to work up a sweat.Service:Overall was good and staff fairly responsive to our requests. Trolley drivers (free transportation to all sections of the resort) were not attentive ... I observed four incidents where accidents occured due to an inattentive driver. We complained and found an improvement in the driver attitudes. Tipping:Tipped the maid $2 per day and left $1 to $2 per meal depending on service.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>TripAdviceAtlanta
<Content>Dissapointing My wife, my son, his friend and I stayed at this resort 7 days, from December 23rd through 30th, 2007. This was our fifth trip to Dominican Republic but first time at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach. During our stay at the resort it became apparent that Barcelo Bavaro Beach resort is the worst we鈥檝e ever stayed at among mid priced all-inclusive resorts. The appearance of the premises and the service attitude of the staff were less than appealing. Unlike other resorts we鈥檝e stayed in, there were no smiles, no greetings, and the overall attitude of the staff was just very poor. We felt like we were bothering them or they were doing us a big favor every time we asked something to be corrected, from asking a replacement keys when we were locked outside our rooms to clean our room when it was already 4pm, or to fix our leaking toilet that was flooding the floors. We met with other families from U.S. and none of them had anything good to say about the resort either. We almost felt like that we were the fortunate ones. We heard from bed bug infestations, leaking toilets and broken A/C units to mold on the ceilings. This resort was built ca 1985, which was apparent. Bars serve local liquors (their whisky makes a good paint thinner) and anything better is $3 to $5 per drink.But the worst was the rude attitude the staff had towards our son鈥檚 friend who is Cuban-American. The staff assumed him being a Dominican and treated him accordingly with no respect whatsoever. He was denied access to the disco when our son, who is two years younger but white, never had a problem getting in. This happened even after we had complained to the manager who assured that there would be no further problems. I could not believe that in this day and age anyone should be witnessing anything like this, and in an international Caribbean resort no less. We never book these vacations to expect any culinary highlights, but unfortunately also the food quality was disappointing compared to other resorts we鈥檝e stayed in. Not to mention their 鈥渟nack bar鈥?offerings were downright embarrassing.The beach was only ok and not as well kept as with the other resorts. It was very windy when we were there. Beach towels are not always available and you may have to wait hours for the clean ones.We won't be back. If you have not yet booked your vacation I recommend you look elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	2	

<Author>ladyjeanbug
<Content>Gorgeous White Sand Beach I'm not an all inclusive traveller, but this was one deal I couldn't pass up, and surprisingly I loved it! The Beach is gorgeous as is the water and the staff at the hotels were extremely friendly. There were many international travellers mostly from Europe ( Italy, France, Spain,) and many Canadians. The resort has 5 hotels which are all available for your use, which is great because there are many choices of restaurants and pools to use. The Food is average, but there are many options to choose from. The take away pizza is always good :) And because the resort is large you don't see the same faces over and over. I also went with 3 other girls which was fun because this resort wasn't the honeymoon type . There were families and couples but there were a lot of single travellers as well. If you want to see the real Dominican this is not the place to stay as the nearest town/ city is an hour or more away, There are day trips available but it seems like most of your time is spent on the travel time. This is a place where you just need to stay put on the Beach and just soak up the sun. Although, we did go on a snorkle/dive trip which was the highlight of our trip! We went to Catalina Island the water was clear and the beach was beautiful. Our guide Julio was amazing at showing us where to find the fish. So many to see! All in all this is a place to just relax, leave your worries behind and just enjoy life!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rater2007
<Content>Good value, but few extras. We have just returned from a trip to the Barcelo Beach resort and the following are our thoughts about the resort:1) location/layout/room - fantastic! Our room overlooked the palm trees, sand, and beach, and within five minutes we were able to access the beach, the pool, or the restaurant. The room was clean, and there was a lot of space for two people. It took only 15 minutes to get from the airport to our room. (5 out of 5)2) service - the service was not great. We waited in line for reservation staff too long, amenities/inclusions were not made clear to us, and in general, the staff's attitude, especially at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach, (as opposed to the Caribe which is part of the same resort) was not especially welcoming, or helpful. (1 out of 5)3) Programs -Access to programs was below par. Volleyball: The volleyball court was hogged by only a few people, and the staff at the hotel did not care to include people who were waiting on the sidelines. In fact, the staff played before the hotel guests. (1 out of 5)Freebies,extras:The pedal boats, kayaks and other freebies that were supposed to be part of our trip were not mentioned to us when we got there. The beach was filled with people who were charging for services, but no one at the hotel bothered to mentioned that pedal boats and kayaks could be used free of charge. (1 out of 5)Shows/entertainmentThe shows were not of high calibre and were outdated. (the Cuban shows were better, even on an obviously lower budget for the Cuban hotels).(2 out of 5)Aerobics/DancingVery good. The staff were enthusiastic and inclusive and really enjoyed teaching people to dance the Domenican way. (4 out of 5)MassageExcellent - I would recommend the 1 hour massage to anybody, and at $ 50.00, it was quite reasonable and well worth it.(5 out of 5)5) DiningBuffetDo not bother to go to the Barcelo Bavaro Beach hotel's buffet. The Caribe's is far superior,has better staff, and is less crowded. Caribe (3 out of 5)Bavaro (1 out of 5)24 hour food availabilityThis was a joke. The snack bar was poorly stocked, and the food was not well presented. (zero out of 5)ItalianExcellent, delicious, well organized and friendly (5 out of 5)MexicanVery good, delicious, and well organized (4 out of 5)SteakhouseDelicious, poorly organized and unfriendly. We waited and waited and waited for someone to serve us....took too long. (2 out of 5)ValuelGood value for what was paid, and with better service and information about inclusions, I would have given this resort a much much higher rating as the location is top notch.. (2.5 out of 5Tips:Avoid the vendors on the beach. They use every sob story and trick in the book to rip you off. You are better off going to the hotels to buy goods, but be aware that even then, the clerks in the stores may try to rip you off when you ask them the price of something. For example, we tried to buy a shot glass that was clearly marked 180 DR$, but were told it costs $ 10.00 by the cashier. Eat at the CaribeThe buffet at the Caribe is better than the buffet at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach or the Barcelo Casino.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelerMontreal
<Content>Great BEACH, Hotel OK... Food.... not so good BEACHBarcelo Bavaro Beach has a beautiful white fine sand beach complete with pictoresque tall palm trees. The Beach is what many of us think of as a typical Caribean Beach. HOTELRooms are fairly small but have all you need for a vacation. Clean, Air Conditioned and decent Bathroom.FOODIf you are going for the food.... well stay home. The Food is OK but nothing to be compared to Cruise dining. STAFFStaff are Dominicain. Many do not speak much English. But it is nice to try to practice my Spanish. After all it is what gives these Countries their Latin Flair. Staff were laid back but when they became familiar with us became friendlier.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>shibu1
<Content>hotel needs help Bavaro Beach is in much need of professional help. BED BUGS bit my legs at night. Checking in was a nightmare. Most of the time I cleared my own table in the dining room at el Caribe and had to scrounge around for silverware.. We had no working tv, no minibar, towels (if we got them!) were worst than my rags at home and that is no exaggeration, air conditioner made a lot of noise, no working phone (took 3 days for them to fix), tv was never fixed even though we called many times 9 or 10 times! My room floor was very dirty. We had to keep asking them to leave us the coffee bags, at least 4 times. If you asked once you didn't get service and if you got a little annoyed and mentioned that you had asked several times before they had an attitude. I was in building 7.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>bigturk82
<Content>Mixed feelings It was the first time to the caribbean for my girlfriend and I. We knew going in that this was not going to be the Ritz Carlton...THE BEACH:Fantastic. enough said.STAFF / SERVICE: These people speak Spanish. Not English. Many of them cannot afford to learn another language. They are historically happy and laid back. Serving foreigners is a relatively new idea to them. If you say hola and smile, they will return the favour. Of course, everyone enjoys receiving tips, and since you chose this place for it's price (because you did), you can probably afford to be generous. Other than language barriers when dealing with abnormal circumstances that we had, we had no real complaints. The maids knocked on our door at 9am (until we started putting out the let me sleep in sign). THey would check back periodically to see if we wanted the room done. sometimes we put the make room sign out at 1:30pm and it was done when we got back from lunch. We actually heard people complaining that the maid forgot to give them a 2nd handtowel, or a new tissue box. OH PLEASE! they make approximately $200/month. FOOD:Food was....Dominican. It's different. PLenty of meats and veggies. I tried my best to try everything new I could. I could stomach about 1/2. Id say about 1/4 was good/tasty. You just need to find the diamonds in the rough. oh, and 99% of the desserts are fantastic. especially the ice cream.BAR:we're not big drinkers, but what we had was good with only a couple exceptions. I recommend the banana mama from the coco bar. Yes, only one type of beer. that was unfortunate. tasted maybe a little better than Molson Canadian.ROOM:The room was ok. A/C worked, but a little noisy. you get CNN in English, unless you want to pay extra. our phone was kaput, but we weren't planning on calling anyone. I did get a little annoyed with the lack of a clock. The only clocks in the whole resort are in the 5 lobbies. Not good for someone like me. haha. No newspapers either.Unfortunately, you share a lot with your neighbours in terms of noise (thin walls in bathroom), smoke (again, walls), and thin roofs upstairs. If you are a light sleeper as I am, be prepared for some long nights if you're near drinkers. GROUNDS:large, well maintained grounds. A little train comes to shuttle you around every so often (free), but it's just as quick to walk, we found. all in all, by the end of 2 weeks time, we felt we had explored all the amenities, and were ready for the comforts of home, but it was a nice vacation while we were there.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>tinman7
<Content>Just OK at best We arrived at 10 am in a bus with about 50 other people. There was only one person at the desk and it took almost 2 hours to get someone to say that the rooms won't be ready until 3PM.The food is OK, nothing special. All of the staff other then the golf course were not as friendly as one might assume. Nobody says good morning unless you say it first. I would leave the room at 8 am and return at 4 pm and the room was not done. In fact I did not have my room cleaned for 3 days in the week I was there.The room did not have hot water in the mornings and had mosquitoes biting all night. I was there about 5 years ago and would not go back there for free.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>labi88
<Content>Good Times - Lots of fun  Me and my girlfriend just returned from the bravelo beach resort in Punta Cana, and we were overall very satisfied. The resort was right on the beach lots of palm Trees very tropical, we always had good service at the restaurants; the best and most friendly restaurant was the Mexican. The service was very welcoming, the bars were really busy and the wait for drinks took a little longer, but we were not disappointed waiting a few extra minutes for our drinks. The staff was very friendly, sometimes they looked overworked and tired, but if you are nice to them and treat them with respect they will give you a smile and serve you well.I read a lot of negative reviews about this resort, but to be very honest as I do a lot of traveling to the Caribbean countries this one was defiantly a decent resort with lots of great activities. When you travel to the Caribbean you have to be prepared that not everything is going to be perfect, but you have to have a positive attitude and always make the best out of everything.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>marley33
<Content>great time overall! We just returned from Barcelo Bavaro Beach in Punta Cana for a five day girls getaway. It was a nice time overall. The hotel is older, but was clean and well taken care of. The grounds were nice and well maintained. The staff was nice and attentive, although they spoke little english. They tried and if they did not understand something, they got someone who could. The room was clean and the maid came daily. We left her some money at the beginning of the week, asking for extra beer daily. The fridge was always fully stocked. The room was a little musty, but the AC worked great. We had a leak in the ceiling from the AC, which often left a little puddle on the floor. It did not bother us, though...we just put a towel down and walked over it....It's the little things like that that didn't bug us....Some people may have requested a new room, but we did not care.It is nice to tip as much as possible, however I don't think it got us better service at the bars. The bars were always very busy. The drinks are a little light on the booze, but ask for extra rum, which they provided with no problem. Try the potent MAMAWANA...it's great. The beach was beautiful and there were always plenty of chairs. The pool was OK, but not nearly as nice as the Caribe and Palace pools. The massages on the beach are the BEST!!!! $25/half hour and $50/hour...The trains take you to the other hotels in the complex and they run often. The casino hotel seemed to have to most nightlife and more younger people. The show Tropicalissimo was awful and we left after 10 minutes....But, I must say, you can tell they work really hard at it and it was quite elaborate. The food was ok, nothing special. My friend is very picky and barely ate anything. I am not as picky and would eat just about anything....The buffet food was the worst, and many of the foods I could not even identify. The mexican rest. was ok. the steakhouse was the best and the service there was excellent. The takeaway pizza's are pretty good. Take the trip to Saona Island....It was amazing and lots of fun!!! It's worth the $65 bucks... Nothing beats a booze cruise on a catamaran with dancing and reggae music!!!! I was very afraid of this hotel because of the numerous nasty reviews....But, it was a nice place. I think people should not have high expectations because the place is not 5 star. I stayed at the Riu Taino the last time I went to Punta Cana and I think it was much nicer than Barcelo....Make sure you bring bug spray....you can't see them, but they will get you! Also, it's a good idea to bring some $1's for tipping and because no one seems to have change.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>LeeroyZ
<Content>This Hotel is a joke! i have just come back Today is Nov 22nd i have just come back from the worset holiday of my life! this was my 3rd year here! when we got to the hotel it took about 45min to check in the front desk staff are very rude very unhlepfull we went with a party of 7, the entermantent staff are the best they work so hard and are grate with the guest they worked 11-16hrs a day and they even said to us this hotel has gone down big time! The problem we had is that on the 1st day My arnty had sliped over on the WET floor were there was NO sings and Broke her foot. Which means for the next 2weeks she was pushed around in a wheele chair, the mangment team didnt care at all. 1 week later i slipped and cracked a rib which meant i was unable to swim go on trips or even drinks and mined you the reson we went was for my 23rd B-day so baslicly we had a POOR time! what upset us was the fact that the hotel would NOT CHANGE OUR ROOMS TO GROUND FLOOR beacuse we was on the top! The food was VERY VERY bad, even the doctour saidTry not to eat the food so we spent most of the time eating out! the Doctour was so nice and friendly and there to help! 1time we was at guest service with my mum and girlfriend trying to get the ground floor rooms when they said NO Ww then said to the manger and 1st choice Rep OK THATS FINE WE WILL TELL PEOPLE THAT YOUR NOT HELPING A 60YR OLD LADY IN A WHILE CHAIR WITH A BROKEN LEG AND A 23YR OLD WHOS B-DAY IT IS WHOS 3rd YER IT IS HERE WITH A BROKEN RIB YOU WANT CHANGE ARE ROOMS AND THIS HOTEL IS CRAP AND WE WILL TELL EVERYONE he then said to us if you do this i will get sercity to remove you from hotel.. so we thought o grate thanks for your help the weather was really poor rained every day but thats not the hotels problem! but the could have enteranted us as every1 rushed to the lobby to sit. The bars say 24hrs THERE NOT some dont even open at night. I strongley advise you not to go all your get out of it is the beach. the toen country people are grate so i do think its worth going BUT NOT TO THIS HOTEL ITS NOT WORTH IT. I DO HAVE THOUGHTS TO PROVE IT IF YOU WANT TO SEE if you want anymore advise them you may E-mail and ill be happy to helplee.roy.2007@hotmail.co.uk  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	5	3	1	2	3	

<Author>Lainierei
<Content>Very Disappointed This was our second stay in this hotel, so we felt that we knew what to expect, but how it has gone downhill in three years.The beach can't be faulted, but more often than not the beach towels, which are provided by the hotel were not available and you had to wait up to two hours for clean ones. Seemed unacceptable, as two of the hotels were closed due to being late in the season so why were the towels not used from these closed hotels.The hotel was absolutely overrun with locals at the weekends (staying at a cheap rate), who were very noisy and took over the place (apparently this happens all though October). This also caused long queues for restaurants, bars and especially the takeway pizzas, where they just grabbed at them while people who had ordered (non Spanish speakers) were left standing.The complex also has a Convention Centre, which held a convention from 10-14 Oct, causing an influx of teenagers. Again this caused lots of queues and noise, which security did nothing to alleviate. You are not informed of these conventions when booking, so they come as a complete surprise and a real nuisance.Don't be tempted to do the trip to Katalina Island (described as a trip to paradise, more like a trip to hell). Seven hours on an un-airconditioned mini bus to have two hours on a beach being bitten alive by mosquitos.Bedrooms clean and fairly well equiped, although sometimes our room wasn't cleaned until nearly 5pm. Communal areas looking tired and in need of some attention. Reception Staff are quite unhelpful and not good English speakers.Food and drink on the whole fairly good but it would be an advantage if you could speak Spanish.Very disappointed and sorry that we didn't go elsewhere and just remember the first trip there with fond memories!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>acad1
<Content>5 day Getaway We just left the Resort, it was a well rested vacation. When you first arrive to Punta Cana International Airport, there is a $10 entrance tax you must pay. I've read peoples review before I came on this vacation basically people have high expectations, you get what you pay for. Not every member of the staff speaks english, but they are willing to try to communicate with you. Everyone was nice, and very attentive to our needs. During the weekend it was very busy, but during the week days it was peaceful. I came down during the Salsa Congress, lots of dancers, lots of energy, lots of fun during this weekend event. If you stay at the premium hotel (Bavaro Palace) you are allowed to use all the facilities from all the hotels, except the 2 premium restaurants that are not included.If you decide to go to a Restaurant that is above your hotel tier you must pay $20 per person to dine.The trollie that took you to each facility ran every 20 minutes or so maybe a little less, but everything is within walkin distance, it's a nice walk after a big diner. I felt very safe walking at 11pm at night. Be sure to pack atleast $100 singles, to tip people, tipping is a must especially when you want good service, the staff will remember you at each meal. I gave our waiters $3 at each serving, $5 to the maid everyday in an envelope. Bell hop $1 per bag. Bartender $1 per drink.Packing essentials: Sunblock or tanning lotion, bug spray, swim trunks, snacks chips, nuts etc. A bag of chips that cost 99 cents cost 2 bucks here. Coca Cola in the airport was $3 for a 20 ounce bottle. Camara or Camcorder. Room: You can order internet service for a daily fee of $5 not bad at all, cable is $8 per day its not worth getting, you get an additional 3 english channels, and you get to see Bourne identity 10 times in one day. There is a safe in the room, which you set the combination.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>AnnaGa
<Content>Appalling We have just returned from Barcelo Bavaro Beach. While we had a great time hanging out on the beach, which is gorgeous, we had some appalling experiences at Bavaro Beach. On our very first night, we were awaken by another patron of the hotel violently knocking on our door. We were hoping she would realize that she had made a mistake and leave, which is what initially happened. But she returned shortly, knocked again and finally smashed our door in. The door was hanging on only by the flimsy chain that we were fortunate enough to have fastened. While the fact that hotel locks were completely ineffective is distressing enough, we were even more distressed by the fact that it took close to an hour for us to be moved to another room. If this were not enough, on our last night, at about 4 am in the morning, a pipe in the bathroom of our second room had bursed and flooded our room. Again, it took a while for us to be moved to yet another room 2 hours before our departure from the hotel.I am not usually picky, but I was shocked that no one had even offered an appology or at least an acknowledgment of the incredible inconvenience of these events on what was meant to be a short get -away vacation.I would also recommend to be very liberal with the international phone calls made from the hotel, as I was charged an insane amount on my credit card for 3 very brief calls to Canada.As for the food and drinks, my advise is to go to the Mexican Restaurant (their salad bar has tacos) or the Stake House (order medallions) as the food in the buffet is very bland at best. And, if you want your pina colladas to actually contain rum, you have to specifically ask for it - otherwise, be prepared for a virgin drink.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PlataoPlomo
<Content>I Love Punta Cana! Punta Cana has some of the most beautiful beaches I have swimmed in and will ever see, and I have traveled to different parts of the world. It is wonderful and fun, the resorts are enclosed and safe, the water is warm..sometimes even hot...and clear green and blue (clean too). I went to Bavaro Beach resort, my room was a 1 minute walk from a nice strip of beach....which spans maybe for miles. They have about 11 buffets with different themes and cusines, the food is amazing and everyone in your group will find something they'll like or love (except the Italian food is not what you expect) In some places there are long waits to eat because they have regulars who show up every day or night they are vacationing, and sometimes the waitors remember you by name and what you usually order. There is this saying among many Dominicans that when you eat alot in the country, you don't gain weight, almost as if you never ate. It's just a saying, but it seems to be true, I ate a boatload of food and I lost about 4 Ibs., I guess the heat and the walking and swimming keep the native Domincans fit, like the Brazilians. People visit from the whole world over, so expect to befriend people from different nationalities, ethnic background, states and countries. I'm a big seafood fan....One day I went to one of the places and ate about 4 lobsters, shrimp, rice, ice cream (like gelato in Italy) ; if it was Boston I'd maybe pay like $100 to do this, so this was great. They have different entertainment options...Casinos, mini clubs, maybe some hot tubs, massages by the beach, hair salons and braiding, trampolines in the water you can jump off and also blow up icebergs with handles to climb and slide off, water skiing, banana boats, free rowing boats are available for fun, sky gliding, internet cafe, stores, and a market on the side where you can barter just about anything. The Dominicans are fun-loving, humble, and hospitable people....they also dance well! The service in the restaurants which are mostly walk in lounges/food buffets, may have slow service most of the time, I guess due to the amount of people, and I only noticed it because I'm used to fast, exceptional American waitressing standards where they have to do things a certain way. I noticed in other countries though it is natural for things to be delayed, as Americans, we like things to be fast. They sell good Dominican hand rolled cigars that I bought as souvenirs, and pure good alcohol, liquor, and candies. They have pools of course too, random sprinklers for washing off sand, palm trees everywhere, I felt good enough there to not mind going every year. It's more fun when you go with friends and family, in a group of at least 5, unless you enjoy being alone and want to escape. They play music on the loud speaker, American music too, but mostly Dominican/Spanish/party music for the swimmers and exercise. Walking on the sand around the water edge is the best way to relax. They have quieter areas if you want to read. They have an area for external services and arrangements, and tickets to their night shows. They host contests and themed parties. In the summer all the Cubans flock, so they sometimes have Havanna Night parties and Cuban food/music/drinks/flags. Dominican Republic is probably as close to Cuba as you can get. Dollars (esp. Euros) are worth alot there. Tipping someone $20 is a big help since that's about how much an individual makes a month and supermarkets in D.R. are expensive. I gave away about $350 in different amounts to different people, I could always make it back, you never how much it can help them.  I have been all over the place, and Punta Cana is one my favorite places. It's casual, it's beautiful, and better yet...It's extrememly cheap compared to many places. I have no complaints, don't sweat the small stuff, relax, release your worries for a few days, this is as close to perfect and affordable as you can get!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sunbeam50
<Content>Good choice but not in the fall       Bloc 4  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>lindylou31
<Content>If you have already booked, then look away!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This was our second visit to barcelo bavaro and i wished we hadn't have bothered. We lasted 3 days!! We are really not ones to complain ,but I have never been to a place before where you get a dirty look when you arrive at the bar. I think it would have been easier to just go behind it and help yourself- save them the BOTHER!! Thats what it felt like-it was an effort to then to serve you. I know us Brits are not too great at speaking foreign languages but i knew pleases and thankyous in spanish and asked for everything I could. If you don't speak spanish expext to be the last to be served (whether or not you were the first in the que!) I don't know whether they expected us to learn a whole new foreign language-fluently for a 2 week holiday!?? We always tried to be as polite as possible but the attitude towards us was horrendous. We waited at the pizza snack bar for over 30 mins one day and we were the first in the que! The que built up quick and there were loads of people behind us. When the 'chef'' came out with a load of unordered pizzas he then spoke fluent spanish to everyone behind us the que and passed the pizzas out over our heads! while we stood there empty handed. The other two people in the que were spanish/english speaking and when he then started to take their order they very kindly spoke to him in spanish and said what about us!! Yes the beach is breathtaking and the view from the room was amazing, but if you are thinking of eating or drinking or need help with anything- forget it!Thankfully we booked up to do a Scuba Dviing course so this was a distraction for a few days- (this we can recommend!!)The rooms are fine also, nothing special.The food was just about OK (when you managed to get served).Like I said ,we have been to this hotel before and had a great time (about 5 years ago). My sister and her boyfriend had never been to the carribean before and with our wonderful memories of this hotel and all we had said good about it, they excitingly booked up. How embarrassed were we?! We had raved on about this hotel so much and it was a total let down when we got there. Funnily enough when we spoke to our rep he was very understanding and didn't put up an argument, he offered us an alternative hotel and we moved on the forth day :Catalonia Bavaro Golf and Casino-(this we could highly recommend!)You work hard all year round just to have two weeks holiday to relax and enjoy ourselves, so if you have booked up already change it or ask for a change, don't put up with it, your holidays are too precious.PS. By the way if you are going at this time of year the resort isn't actually a resort of five hotels, as it is a quiet time so there was only the beach and casino open, so don't think you can go around all the bars and restaurants because they are closed!Sorry if I have spoilt this for you but I am only trying to warn you!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	2	1	2	

<Author>cristal556
<Content>Great vacation I went with my family twice to this resort and we had a great time, for the price you paid is woth it ! But if you like everything to be perfect and you like to complaint for any little thing them you should paid more money, and go for a more expencive $$$ the food was great the staff was great, party at nite was great !  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>carlenerocks
<Content>Go somewhere else. We regret choosing this place for our honeymoon.We took a walk on the beach, past the hotel boundries and found what looked (and smelled) like raw sewage running into the water, fairly close to the hotel. That was a little alarming.Part of the reason I chose this place was because they advertised that water sports were included in the price (like kayaking). They only allow you to use the kayak for 15 minutes one time, you have to pay for the rest. We were pretty upset about this, as we were expecting to get some time to play, and were on a very limited budget (hence picking an all inclusive resort). 15 minutes wouldn't have been long enough to go anywhere.The food was REALLY bad. The only food that was any good was the stuff we got on excursions, or the stuff the Dominican's eat. They had a lot of really bad versions of American foods, and we both got sick a couple of times. Some of the food is okay, but the places that had decent food were always over crowded. We had to wait almost 3 hours to get into the little eatery on the beach, and the waiters were rude. We were fine with waiting, but were basically ignored as soon as we got a table, and by that time we were pretty hungry.The room was clean and everything worked, can't complain about that part. Other tenants complained about never getting towels and stuff, but I would tip the housecleaners and left them little gifts, which may have helpedThe employees were often rude, and trust me it wasn't us. I was constantly giving them the cervezas from my room because we don't drink, and we went out of our way to be polite. I speak a little spanish and made a huge effort to speak their language, but they were still nasty.Note: when we first arrived in the DR we were charged an entry tax, and told there would be an exit tax. One family told us about a friend they new that had major problems because they didn't have enough to pay the whole families exit tax.Some men grabbed our luggage, and because we didn't have small bills on hand to tip, I tried to take it back but they would not hand it over. I even asked the guy to give it back. They insisted on hauling our luggage and got really mad and yelled when we couldn't tip them. We were annoyed because we didn't have a lot of luggage and would have preferred to pull it -the REALLY short distance- ourselves. We were really embarassed, but didn't want to give them a twenty for pulling our luggage 20 feet.The whole time we just felt like people were trying to bleed as much cash out of us as they could, and although tourists destinations can be this way (I have been all over south america), it was very stressful. The people acted like they were completely entitled to our money, which drove me nuts. There weren't chiclet kids running around, but these resorts overcharged ($5 for a small, lunch box size bag or doritoes) for everything. It was almost impossible to find people to buy native stuff from that would actually need the money, which is part of why I like going to South America in the first place.I think we would have had a much better time if we had picked a better resort. It wasn't worth the money we saved going cheaper. The vacation isn't a very good memory at all.I do recommend the horseback riding trip. That is the only part I remember fondly. The guide gave me their fasted horse and let me race him through the forest. Can't do that in America! The food was also VERY good. Had they served that kind of stuff at the resort, I would have been thrilled.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	2	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>tdj25
<Content>Enjoyed the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Hotel My husband and I and our 2 daughters aged 12 and 16 stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Hotel from 8/12-8/15/2007. I've read some good and bad reviews, but my family's whole experience was very good. The hotel and room were clean and the hotel staff were friendly and helpful. With the exception of one meal, all our meals were eaten at the buffet. We found the food to be tasty, well-prepared, and with plenty of choices to suit every taste. We were so satisfied with the buffet that we didn't bother with the other restaurants at the hotel.The beach was spectacular; with warm, green, clear water. Plenty of lounge chairs and choices of where to sit. My husband played lots of volleyball, and my daughters did the paddle boats, kayaking, and windsurfing. I just enjoyed the beach and water. Really beautiful. Inthe evenings, staff but on a show. It's not Broadway, but enjoyable nevertheless. They work hard and do a good job in engaging the guests in the entertainment. Barcelo has 5 hotels: the Beach, Caribe,Casino, Golf, and the Palace. The Palace is the most exclusive. However, if you stay at any of the other 4, you can use the amentities of all of them except the Palace. It's like getting 4 hotels for the price of one. If you stay at the Palace you can use all five hotels. Each one is a little different. There is a disco (we didn't go) and casino and a show called the Tropicalissimo. We saw the show and I wouldn't recommend it even though my 16 year old enjoyed it. A lot of butt-shaking and really loud singing. Even though I didn't enjoy the show, I will admit they worked really hard to put on a good show. Just not my taste. I've read a lot of people complaining about hearing mostly Spanish spoken throughout the hotel. Hello, you are in a Spanish-speaking country and the employeesof the hotel are all natives of the country. What language would you expect them to speak? I personally did not encounter any staff person who could not speak some English. Indeed, many of the staff spoke English, French, German and Italian, and yes, Spanish too, of course. A large portion of the hotel guests seem to be Spanish, both from Spain and South America, with a sprinkling of Germans, Italians and Americans. We all enjoyed our visit and I would definitely go back to the same hotel.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>notary74
<Content>Wont go Back First of all let me start by saying that you should belive everything you read. I had doubts because of all the good and bad I had read about this hotel on this website. We just came back from Punta Cana, we stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Hotel, there was a group of 17. Traveled from 8/3/07 - 8/10/07. The weather was horrible, very hot and humid for this time of year. Let me begin with the rooms, I was very disappointed with their appearence. First they put us in block 5, the rooms were awful. We had a total of 7 rooms, all 7 rooms had major problems with them. Two of them had bathroom doors that were to big for the door jambs, so the doors would not close, none of the 7 rooms had safes that actually worked. My TV had sparks coming out of it, I though it was going to blow up. After complaining to the Guest Relations lady which by the way was extremly rude, we were able to switch two of the seven rooms to block 2. The rooms in block 5 were unbearable, I can not understand how they can put people in those rooms. After finally speaking to a manager, we were informed that the rest of our party would be moved the next day to the same block we were moved to. Wow! What a difference, once we got all the rooms moved to block 2 it was great. All rooms had amazing Ocean View balcony's still there were some minor maintenance issues, but all was taken care of after a simple phone call to the manager. I would defiently not go back to this hotel nor would I recommend it to anyone. Block 5 is not worth calling it a Hotel, it is more like a cheap dirty motel. The workers at guest relations are very rude, you will not get anywhere with them if you try, ask for a manager, makes a big difference, there must have been about 6-7 other couples complaining while we were there the first night, no one was happy with the accomedations in block 5. Ask to be put in Block 1,2,3. The beach was amazing, beautiful water. Not to many activities for teens or kids. If you plan on traveling to Punta Cana, I would suggest spending a little more $ and staying at the Palace or other hotel, the food here was awful. Everyone in our group got sick at one point or another, many people were sick during our stay, the food seems to be recycled, so be aware of what your eating. If you have questions or want more advise feel free to contact me at notary74@hotmail.com.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>sunsets4evers
<Content>Awful service no English I went through Apple Vacations, being told it was a great resort.The BEACH AND WATER ARE THE BEST I HAVE EVER SEEN, and I have been all over, including Turks.If it were not for the beach and water I would give this place a D or c- based only on the staff and attitude. They do not go out of there way to please u. No comprehende was a statement we heard daily. Even the manager of the buffet, no forko, no understando. It almost seemed that they were not thrilled we were there. We were a burden. No one went out of there way to speak english not even a little. Beside that check in was hell No fans, no air and employees that took there time so much it looked like they were going BACKWARDS on your request. They knew it would anger us so we just hung in, PLAYING their game. Speaking of games, I took my son on his first Casino trip. AWFUL in the resort. The slot machines did not work right. They either stopped spinning and all of a sudden one of the numbers, symbols would change right in front of u. It was funny at first. Then when they came to fix a slot, he just opened the side of it, fiddled around and shut it no key. Next time, my son does the spin manually and the front glass panel just slides down into the machine. Again, funny but $100 down was enough for us. DO NOT GO THERE!!Food just stick to the buffet which was good. The other reserved dinner places were a joke. Tokyo room was/ is a suana, food ok. Otherwise I believe food is cooked way early and served to u at 7, 7 9 oclock. We just got up and left it sitting there.We did get certified in scuba and guy from England was great. Hobie cats only can go ut with a guide sailing it, fun, NOOOOAgain if not for the beauty of the beach/water this place is a C- and to think they have ee's working 27 days off 4 days and they get a place to sleep offsite. Maybe that is the problem They are building down the beach, a zillion rooms. Hope they can train their staff.Good luck  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Armless
<Content>Great stay I was not sure what to expect after reading the differing reviews so we went with an open mind. Overall the holiday was very good with only a couple of upsets.The staff were all very friendly and welcoming (except those at reception) and all spoke enough English to get by - and certainly better than my Spanish.The beech/pools were great in a superb locationThe rooms were adequate and the problems we did have were soon rresolved after speaking to the management (TV on blink, dodgy air con). The whole place was very clean with everthing in its place by the morning.The buffet food was OK, good choice but two of our party did get the trotts after eating an iffy fish dish (tip -avoid the fish). The restuarants were however dissappointing so we stayed with the buffet and didnt get bored.The only real problem we had was with our travel rep and what was/was not included in our package - I am taking that issue up with the trvel company.All in all good value for money and we would return.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>retaessa
<Content>\2 star ghetto motel HI as you can see i arrived ant the well recomended suposed to be 4 star hotel, as i enter I see the lobby has no marble anywhere everything is outdated ugly and tacky, I goto check-in and the line is very long and the empolyees are rude ,after a while we finally get our rooms .When we enter we have two beds cramped together no room at all inbetween the room smelled humid and the air from the airconditoner was smuggythe bathroom was outdated we had a coffe maker yes in the bathroom!ugh the sink was clogged and had ants in it also the bathtub was also full of bugs the bathroom had a raid like smell in the tiolet at least had a door . Even thou it got stuck when you wanted to open . also if you look through the air vent you could see the bathroom from the next room and listen to your neighbor.nasty Ok the elevators were always getting stuck and had no ventilation whatso ever they stunk also , and people were allowed to smoke in them also, on the building sides they had pigeons which do drop their droppings on the walls ugly and abandoned sight. To get to the pool i was allowed only one towel my wife didnt get one so we copmplained to the snotty supervisor to get another ,When you get hungry goto the buffete where i saw a cat walking by the salad bar i told an employee and he said thats ok we have about 5 or so but he'll leave I beleive that maybe ill get sick eating here so we left to the steak house which you have to be early or wait on a long line , they had corn on the buffe table which also had bugs in it i was gonna go crazy, the meat i asked for i made sure it was well done almost burnt so we wont get sick,We went to see a show at the theatre were the kids were running on stage dancing and screaming not leting the performers do their job , the animator was very pissed but nobody answered his pledge, that night we went to our room to get some shut eye , and i felt that i was in a Ghetto motel the halls were full of teens eyeballing all who passes in the room you can hear radios of merenge full blast i called the front desk and they sent security but nothing changed we had kids running through the hallways all night banging doors ,he people on the rooms ontop of us we can hear thier foot steps .We had a terrible time i sent my wife to change the towels since nobody changed them even by calling the front desk....well the peolpe who stay there wistle at all the ladies and always have comments very uncomfotable for her but at least after we showered with our slippers on we left the hotel and never to go back.............I personally dont recomend this hotel who said it was a 4 star???it was like a 2 star motel.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	5	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Kilgor
<Content>Stay Away - Barcelo Beach Resort       Electrical Safety Hazzards  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	3	

<Author>Cubanita28
<Content>Barcelo Babaro Palace  We booked our vacation for Barcelo Babaro Palace with MK Tours,they say one price on the internet, then when you call the price is about $400. more pp.The room was not a 5 star, but like a 2, it smelled, bathtub with mildew, doors and walls cracked, lousy decoration. But worst was the food, the second day my husband got sick with diarehea, not even Emodium stopped it till we got back. We met 4 other couples, all men in group got stomach virus as well, one had a very high fever. About 5PM, went to get beach towels, completely out, had to go see Guest services, took over an hour to get 2 towels. By 6PM, most rooms did not have hot water to bathe. The staff at the restaurants were not friendly, or helpful, we had to ask over and over to bring us cokes, or water, or butter. We wanted coconut ice cream, it is not placed out with the other ice creams in the buffet (so that people won't consume it). Incredible. Most of the time, the staf would tell me they did not have any, so I would go to the Supervisor, and then it would be given to me. Hotel is also very controlled, one can not get a taxi from outside to go anywhere, but have to use their services or MK Tours, so the charge is tripple. Ran out of sun protection lotion, here in the states about $8.00 for a good one, there it was $29. Other clientele complaint about their high prices even on Pepto Bismol, which should be provided by hotel, since it's their food or water that got everyone sick. MK TOURS was not help. In fact, we tried getting a tour, outside on the beach we could get it for $75. - another agency at the hotel for $85. but MK Tours wanted us to pay $90. We complaint, and they said they would give it to us for $85. We accepted. Got home and our Visa was charged $90. I booked 3 moths ahead, included Friday and Saturday stay to see Willy Chirino in concert, his concerts were changed to Sundays, so we could not see it. Going to the airport, the bus had to stop several times, as several people had to throw up. I would never go back to Barcelo Bavaro Hotels, or go with MK Tours. Horrible experience, the only wood thing was the Catamaran ride, excursion to Alto de Chacon, the beach with it's clear water and the nice people we met and became friends with. But overall, Cancun is much nicer, the hotels are 1st class, and the people are friendlier, even in the Bahamas, but not with Barcelo, who's owners are from Spain, and only care about their money.Don't Waste Your Money With Mk Tours, Or At Barcelo Bavaro Hotels, Management Does Not Care About Their Clientele, Or People Getting Sick.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	1	2	3	1	1	

<Author>lexie91
<Content>Wonderful vacation What a fabulous resort! Please do not be swayed by the negative reviews on this page. I have stayed at a number of all inclusive resorts and this is by far my favourite!! I can hardly wait to go back...I'm hoping this November!We were a group of 3 single girls all around 30. We have stressful jobs and just wanted to relax and that we did - with a little bit of partying on the side. You have access to the facilities of 3 resorts by staying here and we mixed it up to break the monotony. One day on the Caribe beach, one day by the Casino pool, etc. We visited the casino one night and the dance club - just a 5 minute stumble from our rooms - a few times as well. It was always packed and the music was good. Everything is accessible via the tram that comes by at pretty regular intervals.We had no problems with the food. Lots to choose from and you don't have to make reservations for the al a carte restaurants and you can go to them as many times as you wish during your stay which is something different from other resorts. The wine however...tastes like vinegar, so be warned. But otherwise the staff is friendly and helpful - only ran into one cranky staff member at the pool bar and her continually miserable mood became our source of amusement for the rest of the week.The entertainment staff are not pushy at all which I was happy about. I like taking part in activites as much as the next person...but somedays you just want to lie around and do nothing and thankfully we were never pressured to take part in any of the activites.The room itself was just big enough for 3 of us. 4 people would have been pushing it. But what does it really matter since you are barely ever in there anyways - just to sleep. The bathroom was clean and the water pressure in the shower was better than I get at home!AND to top it all off...I found out I was allergic to mosquito bites while on this trip and had to visit the Centro Medico on the resort for medical attention. The staff was friendly and made me feel so comfortable. But don't be concerned about mosquitos - the girls I travelled with didn't get one bite the entire week!!I don't have one bad thing to say about this facility. It was just great. One of the best vacations I've ever had.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>passapena
<Content>Not what we expected This is one of the oldest hotels in Punta Cana and once you arrive you feel it. The service at the reception was nice and the landscaping was beautiful. All sorts of exotic plants everywhere.Luckily we got a room with ocean view. This was the best part because the room was awful, the bathroom was falling apart, the toilet flush was not working, the room was muggy, and hardly an water pressure in the shower.We went to lunch at the Steakhouse once we were settled inn. The food was AWFUL.... I ordered a steak because they were out of chicken nuggets and figured that if this is a steakhouse it must be their specialty. NO WAY..... it was terrible. I had indisgestion all nite.We decided to go to the pool, and there were NO towels available.The BEST part of this hotel was the beach, very beautiful, clean, warm, and shallow.We decided to walk around the rest of the properties that night, Barcelo Palace (nice) , Barcelo Caribe Beach (same as ours - no big deal), Barcelo Golf (very beautiful),  Barcelo Casino (alright).We had reserved for 4 nights and we left after the first night, this wasn't my idea of a vacation.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>LouisianaCountrygirl
<Content>A Paradise Vacation!! We stayed at Barcelo B.Beach May 20-25,mysely,husband,and 20 yr. old daughter.It was a vacation we cannot brag enough about.Airport,front check-in,no wait at all.There was more English speaking people there then what I had read about.No problems with communications.Domminicans are very hard workers  were all extremely friendly  nice.We always tipped a dollar or two,and they remember you,and willing to serve you first.Our room was no more than a 3 1/2*,but the grounds,beach,food,and everything else there was a 10*.We were only in our room to sleep and bath.Bed always fresh,room cleaned every day.Who goes on vacation to stay in a room?We had an ocean view and what a VIEW!!!! Every morning to wake to see the sunrise ,thru the coconuts trees,over the ocean,AWESOME!While on the way to excursions,we picked up people at other resorts- 4  5*s.Resorts,also beautiful,but I wouldn't given up ours.Our grounds were so tropical  I liked hopping the train around to the other 4 sister resorts.Market place,just a little walk down the beach,bargin for great buys.Our highlight-was the Jeep Safari,a must do to see the rest of the island,90 us$.Driving your own jeep(or a guide will drive for you),starts in sugarcane fields,up mountains,thru the tropical forest(like Jurassic Park)ending on the beach to ride horses.Giving goodies and school supplies to the kids along the way was very rewarding.Glad I bought alot to give! Been to many Islands,but this one was the best!! We're planning on returning,and staying at the same resort,It was a wonderful family vacation:)  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BlondyOntario
<Content>Getting married in the dominican seemed so exciting Getting married in the dominican republic seemed so exciting, but it turned out to be a mess.We were a group of 19, and a lot of us were first time travellers so we were expecting the best, upon arrival it was so confusing checking in. First of all they were over booked and some of us had to stay in seperate hotels, not exactly what we all had in mind. When we got to our room it was clean but there was a massive hole on the ceiling in the shower, and the safe was not working. So i called the front desk and asked that they fix it, after all we had our wedding bands and didn't want to keep them in our bags, by that night they still had not come to fix it. So i called again and started complaining, Maby if they understood english it would have been easier. The next day I went to the front dest and told them what was wrong with the room, and requested a ocean front room, which was included in my wedding package, They were really nice and gave it to us.During that week I had to meet with the wedding coordinater, which i had to chase all week long and finnaly met with her the night before the wedding, not exactly what i was expecting and the last thing that i wanted to do, My package cost 1,600 dollars american, and for that money i should not have had to chase anyone. So the day of the wedding me and my girls had to be ready to go for 11am, well we were ready, but there was one problem, the wedding coordinator could not find the judge that was to marry us, so not funny. Anyway she finnaly found him an hour later, I GUESS HE WAS ON DOMINICAN TIME AS WE CALLED IT. We finnaly got married the ceremony itself was so beautiful. I would never recomend anyone get married on this resort it was a huge headake, but hey i got to marry my best friend in the world.To make the rest short, the maid sucked, the food wasn't very good, and they need to learn englishP.ValleeOntario, Canada  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	5	3	2	2	2	

<Author>nmorra86
<Content>Bad at first, but got better Before I went to DR I was reading reviews here and getting a little nervous about the hotel, but still went with an open mind. Well, after a long day of travelling with my two best friends we arrived at the hotel and checked in. We got to our room and there were a couple of problems. 1) the water wouldn't go down the drain in the shower. We had to shower in flipflops and stop every 3 minutes to let the water slooowly go down. We called maintenance and after minutes of them not understanding I finally said shower not working and they came up... with a new shower head. I had to show him what I meant and he finally said ohhh and went to get draino and a plunger. 2) We had two working lights in the whole room. The wire of one of the lamps was cut. This isn't a big deal except that the guy who carried our luggage up in the first place tried to turn on the lamp and when it didn't work he just left it. It took us til it was dark out to realize that it was just broken. 3) Cell phone/ipod/camera chargers do NOT fit in their outlets! They designed to fit both American and European plugs but didn't take into consideration that phone chargers are block shaped. I got my ipod to charge because I propped up the charger. They didn't have any adapters for us so we had to keep our phones off all week. The first night we were all pretty upset because we hadn't encountered any Americans and the staff only spoke minimal english. On the second night we met a group of girls our age who actually live in the town over from ours. We went to the disco, which was a lot of fun except they play 20 minutes of american songs to every 40 minutes of spanish music, which is hard to dance to for us Americans. They should've alternated more. This problem persisted every night we were at the disco even when we requested American music. I had a night of sickness mid-week. I don't know what did it. The only thing that I ate that my friends didn't was the tuna at the buffet, but it could've just been my stomach reacting differently to some foods. I'll probably never know. It only lasted about a day and a half.We got screwed over in the plaza market, by the casino. One of the store owners told us that the peso to dollar ratio was more than it really was and we didn't find out til later that day when it was too late to do anything. Everyone takes american dollars so I would suggest taking out all your money before you get to the Dominican because their ATMs are just confusing.The cleaning ladies didn't leave us wash cloths any of the days so we'd have to call and ask for them. An hour would go by and we'd be waiting to shower and they still weren't there. We'd call again and a half hour later they'd finally show up. The next day they wouldn't even leave us clean ones so we'd have to go through the whole process again. BEWARE of the cat that roams the resort!!! He slipped into our room one night and the security gaurd took him out but after we shut the door he just kept meowing at the door. I called the operator to see if they could bring it some food or something and he accused me of lying and was flirting with me. Overall I did have fun. The beach is beautiful and the food is good. The disco is fun if you just let yourself have fun. None of the slot machines seemed to be lucky in the casino but the table games are good to play or watch. Just make sure you bring a spanish to english dictionary because they only understand what they're trained to know I guess. Also be aware that if you keep walking down the beach towards the palace you'll hit a little shopping area where locals sell jewelery and such. They will all flock to you, especially if you're a young girl. Don't fall for their charm. You can talk them down on prices so much. I got two necklaces that he wanted 25 each for down to both for $10. Wow this is long. Anyway, it is what you make of it for the most part. If you can tolerate the language barrier and mingle with other people it could be a really great trip.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	1	3	

<Author>NovaScotiaDolphin123
<Content>Honest review        Fish caught each day for dinner  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>SnowAngelCalgary
<Content>A Wedding in Paradise I couldn't believe the reviews some people are writing about this place so I felt compelled to write my own.My friends and I stayed at this resort for a week in May 2005. There were about 12 of us that travelled down for our friend's wedding. I found the reception to be fantastic, we were shown straight to our rooms and they were clean and orderly. It wasn't the best room I had ever stayed in but really, who stays in their room at a beach resort!! It had everything we needed so we couldn't fault it. I loved the beach! Yes, you needed to get there early to claim chairs but there was so much to do that at times we didn't find ourself lounging on the beach all day. I thought the food was pretty good compared to Cuba( the only other hot place I've been), I have allergies and was able to work around them with no problems. I wasn't expecting fine dining so I was pretty satisfied the entire trip.The bar was great, met many interesting people to pal around with. It was 50/50 whether I got a bloody mary or a ceaser (I HATE bloody marys!) but I could usually pawn it off on a friend and go get another since we were all inclusive. I was just happy they catered ceasers to us canadians!!Woke up on the day of the wedding and the electricity had gone off due to a storm, it was pouring down with rain and the bride was sick. Could have been a nightmare but.... after some running around the power came back on, medication given and the rain stopped. She only had to dress and walk out of her room, everything was done for her and it was FANTASTIC!!!! Absolutely gorgeous wedding :)We found the entertainment was pretty good, with 5 resorts in one how can you possibly get bored? The disco was pretty busy when we were there and that was entertaining. Downside: There was a large group of Americans there at the same time as us, they whined and complained about everything and drove us crazy. Wouldn't be surprised if some of the totally skewed reviews on here were from them. Its one reason I favour Cuba over the DR.  I thought the service was great, cleaning lady rocked, place was clean and I really missed the beach when I got home to Alberta!Hope you have an awesome time on your vacation :)  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>sovy809
<Content>disaster this place was horrible. we must have waited atleast 3hrs for our rooms. The food was good and the people were nice but the rooms were too far away and the air conditioning was not working properly. the second day the electricity went out....which has never happened to me before in any other resort in the dominican republic.the pool is almost half what it appears in the virtual tour and the beach is full of algae.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>honestT
<Content>Very Inept Staff and Many flaws upon arrival, we were greeted by a host at the desk, she spoke not a word of english! and made no effort to get a person who did, and just gave us a card to fill out...when finished we were told by another (male) very little english speaking man, our room would not be ready until 3pm, which was never mentioned until now, this was at 12:25 pm! the lobby was not air conditioned , we were told to go find lunch! and come back in 3 hours, when we did, the same female handed us another card to fill out, as we had already done 3 hours before, she had no recollection of who we were, then told us we had no reservations and to go away, sorry! we had pre-paid a 4 night stay at liberty travel. After another 45 minutes of futility our reservation appeared! but we were told the maid had to prepare the room, it would take an hour....after 4 hours plus of ignorant , rude, inept and very poor service we were told our room was ready. A 15 minute walk in 87 degree heat following a baggage handler who spoke zero english, we were lead to our 5 star  room! it was a basic hotel room, the air conditioning was not working properly, the walls had visible mold, and mildew, the tv did not work properly the entire time, the back door to the balcony had a broken lock, which was never fixed, despite many requests, the room had a pungent odor, and nobody ever returned a call or request to the front desk! there was no one to describe the how to's about the 3 mile resort, we were left to figure it out for ourselves! Then the real problems began, after dinner, a 1 mile walk to a beachfront restaurant, (the food was very ordinary) we walked back toward the lobby bar/theater, the pathways were porly lit. Then I stepped off a multi level walkway to another level, no signs, no lights no warnings! I staggered and my wife fell straight down! she turned her ankle under her, and could not walk, there were no employees around , no help, nothing...I helped her up, and tried to stabilize her to get back to our room, which was a 10 minute walk away, after 5 minutes we came upon a security guard who helped us get her to the room, then called medica:, a female came after 15 minutes,, we asked for crutches and an ace bandage, she told us no, she MUST be taken to the Clinic, for an x ray. we were forced to sign credit card vouchers to approve the treatment, if we refused there would be no further help! then we were taken to a small hospital and given another credit card slip to sign, which was written in pesos, nobody knew the conversion rate or tried to provide us a true cost, we were at their mercy. the charges were over $3,000 US dollars!we are going to dispute them and possibly persue damages as well. Beside that things were so-so, the beach was beautiful, weather hot and humid, some employees were great, others beligerant and nasty. the food was scary! things that did look like edible items were presented daily, we both got gastro-intestinal episodes that lasted throughout the stay. the shows were 3rd rate and all in spanish and not resort quality. the shuttle that provided resort wide transportation , was limited to outer areas and limited stops, it was not in good mechanical shape, the driver spoke no english and provide no assistance at all. when it was full, he still stopped at each posted stop, and people waitng there tried to climb over and onto you to get aboard! animal like experience! no personal tried to stop them or said a word. we made the best of it, there was no turning back, we avoided most eateries, chosing buffets, our all inclusive had many un-all-inclusive surprises as well. many bar items came with a charge, several restaurants were a reduced charge, shows were free, but drinks at the show were not. guests in the room above us woke us up nightly with loud noises , but no recourse! even though it was in the guest guide that no noise after 12 would be tolerated. no wake up cal service, keeping in mind they advertise as an upscale , 5 star hotel! the refridgerator in the room was a free mini bar, very modestly stocked daily, unless you tipped the stocker boy, and the unit was dirty and never cleaned, no ice, a 1955 bottle opener and was not a luxury at all. there is so much more to tell...but, I am too tired from travel and have said enough. I said today, when I awoke adios siempre, el republico dominican. = goodbye forever, DR! the minuses outweigh the pluses by a landslide. We'd never return, despite meeting quite a few very nice , decent people. we did not tip liberally as we usually do, it was not appreciated when we did!bacelo bavaro did live up to its hype, never even came close, it was equal to a standard hotel in wildwood nj, with a few perks..none that came without a sacrifice from the guest.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	1	2	2	

<Author>Dasha_that_is
<Content>Fun place I went there with my boyfriend at the time. Separated as soon as got back, realized weren't meant to be. Anyways, hotel was overall nice. Personnel were good to us. Had no problem with bars. Rooms were a little too cold for my taste. Beach was super duper nice. Casino could be bigger. I also wish there were more bars and pools. It is a pretty hotel, though. Grounds are well kept. There were a lot of young people. It was good for me, because i was bored with my boyfriend. Weather was weird. Windy and raining sometimes even. Were not expecting it in April. It got so hot on our last day, we all got out on the beach and fried ourselves. I met some really cool people from Toronto and surroundings. Also, there were people there from Europe. Pretty interesting. Entertainment was bad at Beach unless you are interested in participating. I prefer dancing and beautiful costumes. You could get that at Tropicallisimo, but I've seen better. Well, what else...it was good. I had fun. There is a lot of things to do. Wish I did more of them.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>needavacationfromMB
<Content>Beautiful Beach, wonderful experience Our trip began on April 1, we got to the Barcelo at 2:30. Had only a short wait. People were friendly, but I could tell immediately that there was going to be a problem with English. Our driver told us on the short drive from the airport to the Barcelo Beach that 75% of Dominicans speak English. Which is probably true but not where we stayed.That did not stop us from enjoying the beautiful beach, which is breathtaking from the first look. The resort was built @ 1986, the rooms were a little outdated, but very clean and plenty of hot water. The service was good, but again our main problem was they could not speak English and we spoke very little Spanish. They smiled a lot and so did we.The food was plentiful and you can always find something to suit your taste buds. Although, I think it is good to remember that you are not at home eating out at your favorite restaurant. We tipped everyone we came in contact with, but I don't think we were treated any different from the plenty of people who did not. So I guess that would be your call, to tip or not. We stayed in building one which is the closest building to the Palace. We could use the pool, but if you wanted a drink, take a walk in the other direction because it ain't gonna happen at the Palace. We did not have to chase down chairs, for they were plentiful. The closest bar was a nice long walk, but a beautiful one. We had three children to entertain and it was very easy to do. They have a kids watch, but we found plenty of entertainment on the beach and ocean. The kids enjoyed snorkeling in the beautiful calm waters. We brought our own, so they did this for hours. The seven year old enjoyed the beach and the disposable camera that she had, entertained her for days. We enjoyed ourselves for five short days and had sad faces to wear on our way home. It took longer to get home, than it did to get to Punta Cana or at least that is how it felt. We had a wonderful time and beautiful pictures to remind us of our time spent in Punta Cana.I was reading all the reviews before I left. I could not believe the spectrum of the views from very good to very bad. I chose to concentrate on everything good. It did rain for about 5 minutes on the second day, so there, I guess I can say something negative.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>liveforholidays5
<Content>Wonderful family holiday, left the cold behind in Canada Travelled to Barcelo Beach with 11 family members ranging from 12-70. We were impressed with the beauty of the area. Our rooms were clean and well looked after. We did have problems with one of the door locks which did take about 3 hours to get fixed. We had the time of our lives and enjoyed our time at Punta Cana. The day trip to Saona Island was a tropical dream, and the day trip-Outback Safari was a great way to see the island. Both tours well worth the time and expense. We did enjoy all of the restaurants,especially the mexican and steak house and the kids enjoyed pizza on the beach almost daily. The staff was courteous and most helpful and treated us well. Would most definitely go back there again but of course would like to see other places also.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LesFon
<Content>Wonderful Beach Front Just returned early this morning through SunWing. Left April 13th returning April 20th 2007Had a good time at the Barcelo resort. Would definitely go back. $ in US dollarsResortIncluded 5 HotelsBeach, Caribe, Golf, Casino, and the Palace (premium)Guests of the Beach, Caribe, Golf, and Casino can visit each others buffets and restaurant. Need to pay extra if eating at the Palace's restaurants. I walked everywhere, the landscaping was just amazing.There is a shuttle that looks like a train (I think 3 or 4) that is continuously running through out the day.I would say the average time to walk from one hotel area to the other is about 8-10 minutes depending on how fast you walk.The shops are expensive. Bring everything in your check in luggage if possible. For example. lip balm is 6 bucks at the beach store and 9$ at the resort store. And it was 7$ for a bag of chips, 5$ for a chocolate bar.The nightly shows were good, the usual make fun of the tourist shows. There was a big show every night that started at 10:30pm at the Casino hotel, I did not attend this show. High speed internet was available at the front lobbies of the hotels. 15 min for 3$, 30 min for 5$ and 60 min for 8$BuffetI ate at the buffets the whole week.Food was average.Breakfast rarely changed, the usual, bacon, eggs, toast, some form of potato, fried banana, cereal. Good variety of bread products. You can have a freshly made omelet made for you.Lunch and dinner usually included some variations of fish, pork, beef, and some kind of poultry. A pasta bar is also available. Good selection of fresh produce and dessert.There was a Grill that served pizza and hot dogs from 12 noon to midnight. The menu included a price but the pizza and hot were included in All Inclusive. Beach 3 km of powder sand Kept cleanLots of activities to keep busy withWater is beautiful when the sun is shining.You can walk to other resorts along the beach. There are shops in one area of the beach where you can barter for your trinkets.The animation team were kept busy during the day. There are photographers running around on the resort.Plenty of chairs available, no need to get up early to pick your spot.As well, plenty of trees to provide shade. If you want peace and quiet then stay away from the beach front area in front of the main lobby. Most of the activities happen in this area. WeatherFirst 1/2 of the week was sunny and very hot.Probably averaged 105 F with the humidity.The second 1/2 half of the week was okay. We had spots of scattered showers that didn't last too long. Room in Block 2 Room was standard, starting to show it's age along the ceilingSmall ants would pop up time to time in the bathroom area, but no big deal.Mini-bar was kept full.Room was cleaned everyday.20 US for extra TV stations for the week or I think 5 US a day.Safe in room, digital. you create password on first use.Bathroom include all the necessities. eg. shampoo, conditioner, hair dryer, An iron appeared on the 4th day of my stay. I left tips for the cleaning staff each day along with a gift from the dollar store. CasinoOpen 24 hours. It wasn't busy at the times that I went. I actually left with 75$ that I won on the slot machines.I hope this helps you out when choosing your resort in Punta Cana. I chose the Barcelo because of the activities and because of it's size. Adios  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>BASTravel
<Content>Single mom with kids had a great time just wanted to let you know that our trip went very well except that I would like to comment on a few things. Checking in - When we checked into the hotel at 830pm Friday night, we were the only ones checking in at that time and yet it took them half an hour to get our registration completed and get us a room. When we got to our room - what a shock.  Hotel room - I booked a 4 STAR hotel but this room was more like a motel, not a hotel. I am not kidding. The air conditioner was on but it was making such a loud noise that it sounded as if construction was going on in our room. The toilet was not flushing on the first flush but had to be flushed at least three times. The bath tub was really in need of new tiles and it looked very very old and run down.The TV remote did not work. This is by no means a four star hotel room. I could not even speak in a normal tone because of the loud noise from the air conditioner. I called the front desk and asked them to send someone to look at it. After 4 phone calls to the front desk and an hour later, someone finally came and he took out half theceiling to get a look at the problem. He told us that it cannot be fixed tonight and suggested we turn it off to sleep. Well, its more than 30 degrees and how are we to be comfortable sleeping??? After a full day of travel, my kids were tired and just wanted a hot shower and relax in bed, maybe watching TV, of course this was not possible.Well, I was not prepared to accept this and asked for another room. I was told that the hotel was booked and none was available. - at this time it was past 11pm. They were not at all sympathetic to our situation and did not offer any assistance. I then told them that I would phone another hotel in the resort to find us a room. Miraculously, within 15 minutes, a room was ready for us just down the hall. We quickly scrambled to get our things back into suitcasesand walked down to hall to the new room, at this time it was past midnight. While the air conditioner worked fine in the new room, the toilet was not functioning well and the shower was broken and we had to use the hand held shower nozzle. The mirror in the bathroom was rusted and I could not bear to even see it when brushing my teeth, let alone putting on make-up.!! The paint in the room was coming apart and the ceiling had big patches as if it was going to cave in any moment.Hotel facilities - I cannot complain about the facilities of the Barcelo group of hotels in this resort. It is indeed a four star quality. The food, the facilities, were of my expectations and I am happy about that. The beach is beautiful and the pool is awesome. The bars are never ending drinks...enjoy.Food - Cannot complain about the food. There were lots of variety. I read on this site that many people complained about getting sick, none of us got sick at all. We even had fresh coconut and enjoyed it without any reaction at all. Enjoyed the tropical fruit most of all it was soooooo good and lots of variety. Was definitely not dissapointed with the food. Courtesy room - since we checked out at 12noon and our pick up time wasn't until 6pm, we had the use of a room for 30 minutes to shower and change. This room was such a disaster and smelled so bad that my refused to shower there. We instead went back to the beach showerand came back to room only to change. While I understand that others used the room before us there was not maintenance for the next person. The toilet since it was not flushing properly, was backed up which created the awful smell. The air conditioning was off in that room and the doors were closed and I could not even bear to breath in there. We quickly got changed into our clothes and got out of there in less than 10 minutes. I did my hair and make up in the washroom located in the main lobby. Except for our hotel room, the resort was very nice and is what I expect for a four star resort. However, the hotel rooms are much to be desired. I spoke with other people there and we all share the sameopinions about the quality of the rooms verses the rest of the resort. People are very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelagent46
<Content>amazing accomodation Bit late on the writting review side as it was years ago when i travelled but just want to say how absolutley amazing this property is!stayed for just one week and went over there for my cousins wedding and it is the best place i have ever been. the hotel is amazing thereis so much to do on the complex that i was not bothered that couldn'tleave hotel as i had so much fun being in the hotel all the time. when we arrived the check in was so quick and then we were given a tour of the hotel complex in a golf buggy, and shown where all placesare like the sister hotels which you can use (other than barcelo bavaro princess), disco, casino and all the restaurants!we spend most of our holiday at the poolside bar (not that we are alcholics lol) but we made good friends with 2 of the locals there, the waitress - cant remember her name, sorry and the pool cleaner, Jesus who was so friendly and kept proposing to me all holiday :-) sothink i made a friend for life there!!!i would recomend this hotel to everyone as it caters for so many different types of people families and couples.didn't see much of the hotel entertainment with just being at the barall the time.... but it sounded really good.wouldn't hesitate at a second about going back again but for next year im going to see what mexico is like!!!!Any questions please don't hesitate in contacting me as i can find out as much information as i can for you as i am a travel agent!!!speak soon  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sweet16x3
<Content>Happy Sweet 16! We (3- 16 year olds and their moms) just returned and would love to go back. We had 2 oceanfront rooms with a wonderful view. They were very simple and clean. Very adequate for the amount of time spent in the room. We enjoyed the quaintness and hospitality. We were a littleconcerned at first because none of us speak Spanish, but we had no problems. Everyone waspolite and patient with us. When we requested additional towels or a cot, we got them almost immediately. If you are looking for a clean, quaint place to stay - try this place.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>terry216
<Content>Good time had by all: Stayed there 3/18 to 3/23. After reading all the reviews for the past 3 months I felt like I already knew everything there was to know. I don't understand how 2 different people were there the same time and had totaly different reviews. The long and short of it is this: Yes everything is included, but when you see the same people serving you for breakfest, lunch  dinner, put your hand in your pocket and leave them $2 or $3. They work HARD. Slow but hard. Its their country and thats the way they work, very slow. Isn't that what vacations all about, taking it slow.Food: ok who are you kidding, Italian restaurant is a step above Olive Garden, not saying much, but hey I'm Italian.Mexican: I sent the first thing back and got chicken, it was good.Deserts were good too. Air conditioned real building, not a hut.Steak: Again, step above Boulder Creek, good, not great but good. Beware of the seafood restaurant on the beach, only serves lunch. Shrimp not only have to be peeled but also take off their heads. yuk..... never made it to the Spanish Restaurant.Our room was in Block 2. Only complaint was the beds are hard. Very quiet until my boys were around. Vinny and John make a lot of friends, sorry to the people that they woke up. They had a ball. No bed bugs, no bad smells, furniture was not old, paint was not peeling. The maid was scrubing down our tub with bleech and the tile floor was just washed when we came back from breakfast. I left her little goodies everyday in a gift bad on the bed. I left goodies for the person that stocked our refridgerator. Its the right thing to do. When you go on a cruise, they give you envelopes the night before you get off for the tips for eveyone. Same idea, you pre paid everything right? So tip!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Pines_of_Ontario
<Content>Barcelo Bavaro Beach Si! No Problemo!       Small Portion Of The Market  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Travlindeeter
<Content>Well Worth It! We went over Spring break (March 11-16th), parents, two college students, and all had a great time. Our reservations were at the Casino hotel and we were upgraded (without asking) to the beach hotel. There wasn't a bug of any kind in the rooms which were very clean. The bugs seems to be sand fleas that come mostly from the market area. Bring anti-itch cream and you'll be fine. Sometimes the rooms were not cleaned until afternoon but we didn't find it an inconvience. We left dollar store items (coloring books, nail polish, lotion) each day for the maids and received good service, extra (great) coffee, and wash cloths (which is not a normal item there).The restaurants were all good, plenty of choices, great pizza.If you want liquor in your drink--ask for it and tell them exaclty how much you want. We got to know the bartenders at our pool bar by name and they made us great drinks. We had no problem with any of the staff. Do not drink the milk from the coconuts cut down from the trees! You will have stomach problems. Remember, you are in a foreign country and not all stomachs can aclamate to the change in foods easily. Take Pepto-Bismal with you. We only needed it after drinking the coconut milk.Lots to do there. Great and very difficult miniature golf course!The casino is not owned by the hotel and the staff is not friendly there. It's almost impossible to win. The slots are in Spanish and difficult to understand. Not the same as Vegas at all. A train will take you from hotel to hotel but you can very easily walk the complex. The grounds are beautiful.Very few Americans there. There is a language barrier but you can always get someone to help translate.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>sanjruby
<Content>Positive and Negative Views Hi all, we stayed at the Bavaro Beach from March 11-18th. My husband and I are avid travellers and we are 29 years old. Positives1.the beach is breathtaking, clean, fun!2.The grounds are nice3. All the Barcelos are within 2-3 mins walking distance4.Night entertianment is good5. Club is good! it picks up around 1am but FUN6. People ARE NICE!!!! really niceNegatives1.There ARE bed bugs, not in all rooms but some- so many people were walking around with tiny red dots all over their legs!!2.Here is the BIG one.. the FOOD! Now taking into considoration Ive been to India 4 times and eaten off the vendors on the STREET, drank their water and NOT EVER had a stomach ache!I was shocked that I had the worst diareaha imaginable.. for 2 days, my stomach hurt the whole time, even when all I would eat was soup or salad. Now we met people who have been to Punta Cana 7 times!! and this is the only time they said they were so sick. There was a family of 7, and they too were sick. There were many cases of people catching bacteria form their food at the Barcelo ie: steak house, italian, pizza place. I always go with an open mind and iam NOT picky with food or many things as i go to my room to sleep and thats it. I would not return to the Barcelo3. We are allowed at the other Barcelos.. expect the PALACE, thats the premium one, so if youre staying at the Barcelo beach/casino/golf/caribe you cannot eat or drink there.4. WARNING: if youre staying at the Barcelo golf/casino THERE IS NO BEACH... THE VIEW IS A GOLF COURSEWe still had a great time- relaxing on the beach etc etc. It was beautiful.... just watch what you eat and bring imodium!!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	-1	3	3	

<Author>Jenalee
<Content>Bostonians had a great time! My boyfriend and I (ages 27 and 22) stayed at Bavaro Beach Hotel from March 4-11 and had a wonderful time. It was spring break week for college kids in Spain and Portugal, and for the first few days, we were surrounded by them. We were originially placed in Block 5, the closest building to the food, bars, and lobby, and we were thoroughly disappointed. The room was old, in need of serious updating, the ceiling leaked, the toilet didn't work, I could go on and on. Also, it seemed that our entire building, literally, were spring breakers and were screaming in the hallways til 5am. I'm almost positive the staff put all the college kids in one building (the oldest and worst one) on purpose, which actually makes sense. Anyway, we voiced out concerns and were switched the next day to Block 2 and were 100% satisfied. The room was spotless, the building was quiet, and we had an ocean view. Even the beds were more comfortable! It pays to speak up! As for the food, it was just ok... the reviews are correct. But keep in mind, it is a third world country. We never went hungry, always found something to eat, but we never once said wow that was a good meal. Pack the pepto, imodium, and whatever else you can find, because you will need it, even on the last day (and for a week after you get home). The pizza shack was probably the best food we had all week, although the breakfast at the buffet was good. The fruit and juices were great, but get there early. Stay away from cheeses, mayonaisse, salads... common sense will tell you what to eat and what not to eat just by the look of things. The steakhouse was decent as well, and its right on the ocean. Italian and Mexican were just plain bad...Those are my complaints, but honestly, I didn't go to Punta Cana for the food or the room. I went to lay on the beach, get a tan, and have some fun. And I did all those things. The beach is incredible, the best I've ever seen, the water was perfect, we saw many starfish. Buy a mask or goggles at home, as it cost us $17 each at the hotel. We stayed mainly in front of our building on the beach, but as you get closer to the bars, the pool, and the food, the chairs are harder to come by. Walk a minute down the beach, and there are plenty of chairs. Wear sunblock all week. On our last day, I was laying out at 8am and felt I was getting burnt! The sun is stronger than anywhere in the US by far. We went on one excursion, the Saona Island Tour, and it was probably the most fun we had all week. It's $88 per person, but well worth it. The catamaran ride is fun, and Saona is beautiful!! It's an uninhabited island, and you can tell the difference between that and the hotel beaches. The sand is pure, the water is even more beautiful, I would recommend the trip to anyone, although kids might be a bit bored. It's better for the older, drinking crowd. We also swam with dolphins on Dolphin Island, which was a lot of fun, but $95 pp, and they don't pull you on their backs like a lot of places you see. Sea World may be better for that, but still a great time. Also, Barcelo resorts originated in Spain..as a result, the resort and its visitors are mostly Spanish speaking. When I say mostly, I mean a good 80-85%. I don't think I heard any other English speaking visitors until mid-week. Lots of French Canadians though, who do speak some English. We were the minority by a mile, although it didn't bother us. It was fun, but brush up on your Spanish skills before you go. The staff is friendly, and don't listen to the other reviews. I heard lots of people being completely rude and obnoxious to the bartenders, speaking Spanish also, and you could tell they were angry. Be polite, smile at the them, and tip them!!! It really is appreciated, and they can spot Americans and Canadians a mile away. They love them because they tip. Don't give us a bad name! Overall, we had an amazing time at Bavaro Beach. We got a great deal, booked last minute, and it was worth every penny. If you want gourmet food and a luxurious hotel room, go to another hotel and pay at least twice as much. If you are looking for a fun, relaxing time on the beach, with good drinks, go to Bavaro Beach!! And try the Mama Juana drink! It supposedly cures every ailment, and it tastes quite good! Have fun!!!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>SmileyFlorida
<Content>Great weekend getaway! What a beautiful resort! My friend and i visited for an extended weekend and had a clean, well-stocked beach -front room. We went on a safari and were simply smitten with the beautiful scenary of both the resort and island in general. At the resort there are a wide array of activities available including snorkling, fishing, swimming with dolphins, massages on the beach, volleyball competitions, parasailing, dance lessons, nightly shows, and a 24hr casino. I only wish we spent more than four days so we could truly appreciate all that was offered. We will be back!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>washes
<Content>Some must be hard to Please We a family of 4 (kids 11 13) had a great time at this resort. From march 5-12 07The flight from T.O. on Skyservice was cramped but we expexted that. Once we arrived we were through customs on the bus and at the resort in 40 minutes or less(that has to be some kind of record) i almost didn't have time to get a beer for the 20 min trip lol. The check in was busy, we decided that my wife would head to check us in while i grabed the luggage with the kids. good thing as she as first in line and were done in 10 minutes. We were not able to get our room until 3pm but that was ok as we had put bathing suits in our carry ons and changed in the rest room. We were in block #2 not to far away from anything. Blocks 1-3 must have been the last ones built as they didn't seem that old compared to the coments i have read here about the condition of rooms. Blocks 4-5 seem to have the younger university people as were heard comments of alot of noise until 3-4 am everynight were we didn't hear a thingand we were up till midnight most nights Now if your looking for great food and great rooms plan your vacation in the US or Canada this is a third world country and they don't have the kinds of things we do. The food selection was great at the buffets and if you found something to complain about your just a complainer and can't be happy with anything. There was something for eveyone to eat my picky 11 yearold boy loved the pasta cooking sections and by mid week the cook had a plate ready for him when he seen him in line. The ala carts were ok but would not recomend the Mexican. we just ate the chips on the table left our meal and went to the buffet instead. This is what great no reservations and if you don't like the ala cart you could head to the buffet. Our favorate was the steakhouse because of thje variety ( pork ribs were great) and then the itailan. We didn't try the others as there was no need to. The steakhouse menu is the same at lunch as it is for dinner the chicken nuggets are really chicken strips and the kidds loved them but the servings were huge. The shows are like any shows you see at resorts the annimation crew work long hours. i think the best shows while we were there were the ones that involved the crowd. The big show at the Casino were you had to make reservations is not worth going too, You have to buy your drinks there and my daughters dance studio puts on a better show, but if you have nothing to do go for it your on vacation and it cost you nothing but what you drink. The beach is great and the pool at the Caribe is a bit bigger than the Beach but at the beach you ahve a beach bar as well as the pool bar close buy as well as the Pizza shack and steakhouse on the beach. We go on alot of all inclusives and don't take many offsite trips but we did the Outback Saffari and would recommend this to everyone. From drinks on the truck while moving and winning the bet we could drink it dry before we got back to the hotel ( we are now known as the alcoholic Canadians, wellsome of us and we know who we are right 8 guys and 3 girls lol) you go to a local familys home to see how they live drink some coffee and mammawana (sp) see them make cigars have a chance to buy a few things ,eat a trditional meal then do some boarding at the beach. What a blast. Go with an open mind and you'll have a blast, we did.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Kristi247
<Content>Oh my gosh gross-- Can you say bedbugs? We were greeted to a musty mildewy (urine, maybe) smelly room. We only got new washclothes and water stocked in our refrigerator if the maid service felt like it. Don't bother calling the desk they never follow through with any requests. When the wait staff at the buffets would drop clean silverware on the floor it would ultimately end up on a newly set table anyway. When they cleared the tables if some of the silverware seemed to be untouched it stayed in the place setting with new silverware added around it. A lot of cross contamination of food going on also. Example:Working with raw eggs on a spatula then he serves you your finished omelet with that same spatula! We found 1/2 inch brown worms in the lettuce at the salad bar. The staff for the most part seemed very lazy and not real eager to please. It's not looking like they expect any repeat business. My friend is still dealing with welts from her bedbug bites. Many from the hotel on the bus to the airport complained of this same issue. Wow-- and I looked forward to this for a year? Never again. Kristi --Fargo, North Dakota  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>johngtr
<Content>Wonderful Time         
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bctsmom
<Content>You Should Go, We Loved It       the beach, notice all the people  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>greek_mama
<Content>Toronto family has great week in Punta Cana We have just returned from a wonderful vacation in Punta Cana.We stayed in the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort for a week. The staff was great, friendly and helpfull. Activities were amazing so were the night shows. Buffet food was above average, the Steak House dinner place was excellent. The beach amazing, with the thousand of palm trees on the silver sand. The ocean water was great and very warm. Our room was cleaned every single day, and the mini bar was stocked every day. I would recommend this place to whoever wants to have a relaxing, great time.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lad911
<Content>Eek Bad Experience We had planned on going to Cancun until the hurricane - so we had little choice due to everything being sold out. We chose Punta Cana and the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort. When we arrived we were taken to our rooms - they were so musty and dirty, everything was wet from the humidity, the furniture was old and everything just seemed dirty. We went back to the lobby and complained - of course no one speaks english so it was even more frustrating....finally we got a manager - we ended up with 2 adjoining rooms in the best building but only after an hour of arguing with people who really dont understand english. The a/c barely wored although the beachfront view was great - the beach is awesome and that is what sells Punta Cana - I had no complaints about the beach....the drinks were very weak and not really even good - you could not even brush your teeth with the water - or in the shower. You were not allowed on the beach after dark or when it was starting to get dark - it is very unsafe there - when we took the train to other Barcelo resorts, we were offered drugs, sex, you name it.....and I was traveling with my brother (40), son (12) and mother (59) - COME ON. The food was just ok. The hardest part was the language barrier - I asked to take my drink to my room and she poured me more RUM. ha ha - Asked for more towels and the maid let me into my room - like I was locked out. Maybe at another resort we would have been happier but I would not ever stay at this resort again. We booked a trip and were sitting down at the lobby for about 2 hours and never got picked up - no one to ask, everything closed, no one speaks english - later we did get our money back - who knows what happened. There are alot of topless women and spandexed men...EEK. My 12 year old was cracking up the entire time we were at the beach!!! Do not stay at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort. You will be disappointed!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>debra-ontario
<Content>good reviews from Fnthill Ontario               
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>MIRNACOLON
<Content>The trip from hell Dates of travel : 1/30/07 - 2/6/07Resort: Barcelo Bavaro Golf and Casino Resort My mother and I have not been to DR, our country of birth, for many years. In many ways, this trip was supposed to help us fondly reminisce about our native land and also help my mother psychologically and emotionally heal from several years of multiple medical crises. You see, my mother is 83 years old and is a cervical and uterine cancer and stroke survivor. This trip meant so many things for us and now all we have to remember of this trip is the complete fiasco and horrible experience at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach hotel I had made a reservation at the CASINO hotel, which is one of the five hotels in the resort. Even before we pulled up to the hotel, the van driver told me to verify at the front desk if I had actually made the reservation in the right hotel. Why would he even question this? I was immediately suspicious. Sure enough, when I went to check in, I was told that I was 鈥渦pgraded鈥?to the BEACH hotel. When I asked to remain in the Casino hotel, I was then told the real side of the story. They had in fact overbooked and a room was not available to us. This was a classic tale of 鈥渂ait and switch.鈥?As we were heading to the Beach hotel, the van driver told me that it was customary for guests to be 鈥渦pgraded.鈥?Once we got to the Beach hotel, I was very clear and angry that we were in fact downgraded. The Beach hotel was nothing like the Casino hotel. It also made me realize that when I researched this resort, all hotels were described similarly but in reality, every hotel was distinct. This was a prime example of false advertising When we finally got to the Beach hotel鈥檚 front desk, I became even more anxious when I saw a group of angry guests who had already been waiting to get their rooms for the past hour. And sure enough, as I tried to check in, I was told that it would be at least an hour to get into our room. After two hours of waiting, I asked to speak with a supervisor or a manager (and by the way, the guests that were there before me were still in the lobby, just even angrier), but the front desk staff had the audacity to state that there was no supervisor. Then the front desk staff hid in a separate room to avoid further complaints and angry glares from all of the awaiting, tired, sweaty, hungry, and angry guests. Finally, all guests were eventually told that their rooms were available at the same time. Hmmm, did the cleaning personnel magically and simultaneously prepare all rooms? Why did all of us have to wait in the lobby at the same time? It just didn鈥檛 make any sense. When we got to our room, we were greeted by the lovely sounds of the toilet flushing鈥?in the next room. Well, we hoped that our experience at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach resort would get better. Surely, things couldn鈥檛 get any worse. Could they? As a matter of fact, they surely did. For example, when one thinks of Dominican food, mouths usually water. How can Dominican food ever, ever taste bad? Well, it apparently can. When we arrived to our first meal, the Mexican buffet, the presentation of the food was not as enticing as compared to other resorts I鈥檝e been to. Was this even Mexican? What was it? My mother chose the fish and she ended up getting sick right away. She spent her first night, of a long awaited vacation, vomiting and experiencing diarrhea. And by the way, the subsequent meals did not fair any better. The Italian restaurant was a disaster鈥?I had to spit out a biteful of shrimp (was it even shrimp?). I was hungry that night, and a few nights after that. After a few days of going hungry and scared of eating anything, my mother鈥檚 legs began to swell up. I went to the public relations office and asked for a wheelchair. She told me that there was only one wheelchair on the premises and it was already out on loan. She directed me to the doctor鈥檚 office and he had the nerve to ask me for $400 American dollars as a deposit and $10 American dollars daily for use of the wheelchair. Since I couldn鈥檛 get the wheelchair, my mother and I were restricted from getting around the resort in search of and hope of finding some edible food. I also hoped that the entertainment options would somehow help me forget that I was hungry. But, this got me even more upset and at times bored. The disco 鈥淒J鈥?was very talented. He played the same music in the same sequence every single night. It didn鈥檛 matter which night I went to the disco, it was the same music, same sequence, same nonsense. What entertainment! But, I was excited about the fact that there was a burger joint next to the club. But wait, it closes at 3am when the disco closes at 6am. I鈥檓 sorry for sounding so negative. I did meet some lovely tourists from Canada and Switzerland. There鈥檚 nothing better to help guests bond than a common suffering. We were all hungry and disappointed. I was even sad to hear that many of my new friends claimed that they would never go back to DR. DR is beautiful (the beach by the Barcelo Beach resort was no exception) and other resorts that I鈥檝e visited have been perfect. No complaints whatsoever. Honestly, I was trying to search for the positives. Anything, anything at all. I had hoped that the staff would somehow make up for what was lacking in the resort. Yet, they too were a big disappointment. The restaurant staff were not friendly at all. One pregnant staff member had an extremely bad attitude. She ignored my greeting and when I had to ask a question, she responded with a blank stare. And remember, I speak Spanish. There was no language barrier and thus no excuse for staff to pretend to not understand what I was saying or asking. I also saw some of the same employees work during all shifts. One woman served me breakfast, lunch, and dinner, AND served me drinks at the disco until 5am. These employees are overworked and it is no wonder they are not the friendliest. Also, I left some money for the maid as a tip to service my room, but the money was taken but the beds were not made. One afternoon, I returned to the room shower following a morning on the beach, and found that the room was not serviced. The room was finally cleaned at 5pm.And another comment about false advertising鈥?why were drinks not included during one of the entertainment shows (鈥淭ropicalism鈥?. What an embarrassment when I was given a bill but my wallet was in the room. Who carries a wallet in an all-inclusive resort?So, we get to our fond farewells鈥?I called for the bellhop to assist with my bags and the operator could not locate a bellhop. What? What do you mean you can鈥檛 find the bellhop? Do you only have one for the entire resort? Long story short, I took my bags down and the bellhop was nice to make his appearance when I had already done all the work. Nice鈥?  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>bigp52
<Content>The Good the Bad and the Ugly Well I booked with [----], very good website, customer service and price. My wife and I and six of our friends went to Barcelo Bavero Beach resort in punta cana and for all of us it was our first time in the dominican. Well first off NO it is not a 4 star it might say it is but it is not it is a 3 however saying that the beach and the lobby and bars are beutifull, the pool frankly [---] though, tiles broken and dirty every day we were there. The rooms were fairly big but for all eight of us who were there there was something wrong with every room. My room the toilet would run all day long and even when the air conditioning was off it was still pumping out freezing cold air, my firends room his air conditioning would only work on and off and his toilet would overflow everyday, also it says stocked mini bar with beer but make sure you ask for beer on the first day or you will not get any. Also you have to tip the maids or you dont get toilet paper or kleenex and sometines towels. The service at the resort was absolute [----], they were all rude and although there is a definate language barrier if you dont speak spanish they dont even try to understand you. Now you can use the casino resort and the caribe and the golf which is nice but if you are going to play at the casino be carefull the blck jack dealers are crooked and when you win they dont always pay you or sometimes give you a lesser chip value than you should have. The golf course is not that good either and if you hit the ball on the sand you better be ready to buy new clubs because it is like hitting off of pavement.Also my wife and I both got really sick and not from the water or alcohol but from the food DO NOT EAT THE MAYONAISE or for that matter the burgers at the steakhouse I actually thought I was dying and i have been home for three days and still cant eat anything without [----] it back out within a few minutes.Now for some positives the beach is amazing, the weather was perfect not too hot but never cool, the disco was awsome great fun and the staff there was actually friendly and there are plenty of security who where probebly the nicest staff out of anyone.Tips if going to punta cana go on the saona island tour it is a lot of fun. DO NOT go deep sea fishing the waves were litteraly 30 feet and everybody on the boat even staff were peuking. Do not wonder off you resort at night 3 canadian police officers were mugged by locals with machetes. And watch your belongings a maid stole my wifes shoes and all the management would say to me is not lost and foundIn conclusion I do not reccomend Barcelo bavaro but I do reccomend punta cana next time I will spend the extra money and go five star and that is it .Enjoy your trip.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daydreambelievers
<Content>Well worth the cost.. We just got back from the Barcelo Beach resort. Spent 2 great weeks there. We were very nervous after reading reviews. Go with an open mind and you will enjoy your holiday. The check in was fast. We were in our rooms (upgraded to block 5 and ocean view) within 15 minutes of arriving. The beach is breathtaking. The food was ok. We preferred the steak house.We liked the idea that you could go to any restrauant as many times as you liked. NO reservations... The buffet is a buffet.The juices were terrible reminded me of watery tang. But you have to remember they are catering to a wide variety of nationalities. Take travel mugs along, with the heat it doesn't take long for the drinks to get warm. They also keep the sand and bugs out. We were not sick once in the 2 weeks there, justwatch what you eat. We tipped the employees and were treatedvery well. The entertainment was not very good and started at10:30 p.m.. If you want a beach chair at the pool, I suggest you get up early and save it. They are usually all taken by 8:00 a.m.Alot of people take the cushions from the pool chairs and take them to the beach. And beware, there are alot of people that will take you towel off your chair and drag the chair away. We would go back. This was our first time to the dominican. RennieAberdeen, Sask.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bugwife
<Content>Horrible Customer Service at Hotel Arrived after traveling for hours to be told once we hit the hotel lobby that we had no reservations on file, once I gave them a copy of their confirmation, I was told ohhhhhh hold on let us see what we can do, I was traveling with my entire family (12) people to be exact, we were made to stand in a hotel lobby with all our luggage and long pants on for four hours unitl they called around to see what could be done, when I asked if the kids could please get bracelets so that they could eat I was told NO! The front desk Manager was one of the rudest people I have ever encountered he was speaking spanish no realizing my daughter speaks it fluently so she was repeating back to us everything that was being discussed, when we informed him of this he called us IMPOSSIBLE AMERICANS! We asked to speak to his supervisor he told us there was no other management people on the property, we asked to please get one on the phone we were told NO ~ The food was horrible, cold, the all inclusive part was a big ripoff they stocked refigerators with one coke, one sprite, one diet coke and 2 beers,. WHAT A JOKE , I called the front desk for an extra pillow and was told it would cost me more money, after I complained about that it took two days to receive my pillow. A year old girl was left alone across the hall from us and at 3:30 a.m. I was awoke to her constant knocks on my door, I had to call the front desk 3 times and was told all 3 times that they would send security, when I waited approimately 45 minutes for security I finally had to get dressed and go to the front desk and literally walk a secutiry person down who spoke no english! He walked by her looked and kept going I once again had to go to the front desk and scream at them, Finally got to bed at approx. 4:30 a.m. Just a few examples of our wonderful family vacation. I have written several emails to the Genereal Manager to get a form letter response, they don't even have the common courtesy to call or wriite a normal letter to me. EXTREMELY RUDE !!!!!!!! I wouldn't recommend this Hotel to my dogs!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>panasia
<Content>Sun and sea vacation We spent one week (jan21-jan28) at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach and came back very satisfied.Flight : Air Canada were on time, with minimal delay on the trip back. Tour rep at Punta Cana airport directed us swiftly to our minibus. Upon departure from Punta Cana, there is no duty free shop so beware if you wanna buy some rums, coffee or other stuff.Hotel : check-in was efficient and fast. As check-in time is 3PM and we arrived at 12:30, we received our tags after 10 minutes and can enjoy all the facilities right away, and told to come back at 3 to get our keycard for the room. A bellboy brought our luggage to the room and show us the place. Barcelo Beach has 5 blocks, except block 5, all the other blocks are U shaped 3 floor buildings so every room has a front or side seaview. Don't take blocks 4 or 5 if you don't want to hear music blasting out of speakers near the pool. We got a front seaview on the ground floor but later discovered that the in-room safe was not functioning. As room services cannot fix it, we were told to ask front desk to change our room. Unfortunately the hotel was fully booked and they told us to come back the next day at 4 PM (after the 3PM check-in period) and they will try to work it out. We got our room change the next day with no problem. the room was a bit cramped considered the 2 double beds (firm) and other furnitures in it. Hair dryer and iron are provided. No problem observed with hot water. Ceramic tiles covering were mopped everyday. From time to time, you may see an ant or two, but it's normal in tropical countries. Excellent housekeeping! free bottled water and soft drinks, beer were provided in the fridge daily. Reasonable size and clean balcony. Our rep told us not to use the blue phone in the lobby to make international calls as they are expensive. we use direct call from our room for some short international call home and the bills from the hotel detailed each call precisely ( about 4 USD each timeb for a few minutes call).Food: buffet breakfast was OK, the usual stuff, but the french bread is awful! You can order your eggs, bacon, omelette... from the short order counter at the corner of the dining room. You can enjoy freshly made tropical fruit juice prepared to your taste. Coffee was strong, but hot water and hot milk were available. Go to the bar near the pool and get a good expresso or capuccino instead!Lunch and dinner buffet were OK too. You can order pasta, steak, fish filet from the short order counter if you don't like the buffet. During the week, we were served lobster once, paella with seafood / lobster another time. We tried out the steak house restaurant twice and both time we were satisfied. Line up varied though depending on your time. Pizza from the counter next to the steakhouse was good, but the lineup was usually long and the order was taken in a batch from 4, 5 persons each. We tried out the other buffets from nearby Barcelo hotels as we were entitled to, but found them very similar, so don't waste your time.Drinks: service at the bars, dining room and the theater was always excellent. Only the free red wine 'vino tinto'was not drinkable.Activities: so so, the usual stuff like dance lessons, aerobics, volleyball... A lot of kayaks available. Don't forget to attend the Tropicalissimo show, it's free but you have to reserve your place at the front desk. Drinks at the show are not free but you don't have to order if you don't want to. The 2陆 hours catamaran and snorkeling trip is a best buy for 25 USD and we liked it very much. Other trips were available on bigger boats, with more activities, louder music, and for a longer periods of time and cost 70USD and up!Beach: superb! clean fine white sand, a bit of algea depending on the day, no problem at all finding long chairs contrary to some comments I have read. Around the pool, evidently you are lucky to find them, but you can go to the Caribe or Palace pools next door. they are larger and less crowded, less noisy. Water was very comfortable, no wave though due to the coral barrier offshore, very good for swimming.Shopping: In house shops are expensive. There is a small shopping center accessible by walking or via the free shuttle making the round of 5 hotels in the complex every 10 minutes or so. You can walk on the beach to your left, past the Palace , and find many shops owned by locals. Be prepared to bargain hard though, starting may be at 25% and settled for between 30-35% of the quote prices. Just walk away decisively and they sure will try to lure you back. Jewelry (amber, larimar...) coffee ( 1lb=3.5 USD instead of 8USD in the hotel, same brand), rums...We enjoyed our stay very much.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	-1	5	2	

<Author>footballbet
<Content>Managers need lessons in Customer Service We booked our trip using Sky Auction. We got vouchers with our confirmed reservation at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Hotel. We called the Hotel ahead of time to once more confirm our reservation and we were assured all was fine. We had 12 people in our Party. This was a gift to our children for Christmas. After 12 hours of traveling we arrived at the Barcelo Beach Hotel and encountered a very unfriendly manager who said we had no reservations at that Hotel. After showing him our proof of reservations, he insisted our reservation was at the Casino Hotel. We showed him our vouchers again that very specifically said confirmed at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Hotel. Paid in full back in October. Meanwhile as we argued with him several other travelers came up to the desk and were upgraded to different Hotels on the Beach because they had over booked the rooms. After a futile effort to talk to his supervisor we had to go to the Casino Hotel with a promise of rooms the next day. They made us carry all our own luggage and did not offer us any assistance as I did hear him say impossible Americans! Perhaps this man need to know that Tourism in that country is his bread and butter and without us impossible Americans spending american money in his country he would not be able to feed his family. We had to check out of the Casino Hotel by 11Am the next day only to ounce again slep our own luggage back to the Barcelo Beach Hotel and find that they had no rooms for us yet but would by 3PM. Now we have lost 2 full days of vacation. You guesssed it no rooms at 3PM either. Finally at 4PM they had our rooms. They totally ruined what was suppose to be a nice relaxing family vacation and felt no need to apologize for the inconvenience to us. The food was awful the beach beautiful but very crowded and very hard to find chairs. Ants all over the bread on the buffet. Beware of what you eat.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>Clear4TakeOff
<Content>We had a great time ... you will too!!! We stayed Jan 13 - 20th with our 3 yr old. For a third world country and for the rate we paid; the FOOD was great:  the a la carte restaurants were a refreshing bonus!!! The people were very friendly  if your needing something they did their best to help. Location was fantastic - the sand was so fine and ocean water warm. Only regret was that many children in that part - parents with kids stay at Caribe location. Hotel room was ok  we only spent time sleeping ... too much fun outside than inside of room.ONE MAJOR THING - BRING SUN TAN LOTION. It is charged between $27 to $30 US for a small bottle of lotion.Enjoy your stay!!! We did!!!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nash45
<Content>great resort for people of any age my wife and i are midlle aged and were on our honeymoon, i have been to many all inclusive vacations in the dominican and the carribean, but never to punta cana. The beach was breath taking and you won't find better anywhere in the world, we will definately return to the same resort next year. I have always found the dominican people very freindly. Their are many excursions you can go on. But beware the better ones are the ones you book through your vacation operator ie: signature or whoever it may be. The food was good , not great but good. I find that because i understand that no matter what country you go to the food is likely to be very different. The resort and pools were excellent. I would recommend this vacation resort to anyone as a matter of fact, many people i work with are already planning a group trip with us next year. What more can i say except have a wonderful experience. Tom and Kim Reid Balmertown, ontario.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>newfrn
<Content>bad experience Stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach resort Jan 4 to 11, 2007. Save your money and don't book there. It is by no means a four star property, 3 at best. This was our second trip to Punta Cana[first visit March 2006]. On our first trip we stayed 2 weeks at Grand Pallidium Palace. Honestly we didnt have 1 complaint about the Pallidium resort, top notch place. It was an excellent family vacation. However, the Barcelo Beach Resort was a huge disappointment. We arrived at 7pm, check in was fairly quick, but the welcome drink was serve your self. We were very hungry and had to ask where to go to eat supper. Escorted to our room which was in block#1, farthest from the lobby. The room was old and in much need of repair. (hotel 25 years old) Patio doors were broken and wouldn't lock (luckily we were on the fourth floor), the glass in patio doors wasn't sealed properly thus with the wind the first three days they rattled constantly. The frame around the door was falling off, one quick pull and it would have been off along with the chain. Mattress was hard as a block of cement. We actually witnessed workers moving a mattress to another room which was absolutely the dirtiest thing I have ever seen. I was shocked that they would expect someone to sleep on it. A couple we met knew of any incident of bed bugs at the Palace (another hotel on the resort and also the newest hotel on the resort). Trim around closet doors falling off. Door to room had to be slammed to close. The room was definitely smaller in comparsion to rooms in other buildings closer to lobby. Poorly maintained buildings in general. Elevator areas were very poorly lit. As were the walkways behind the buildings. Many lights burnt out and never replaced. It was very spooky and i wouldnt have felt comfortable walking alone at night where as that was not the case at our last resort. Our toilet didn't work properly for the first 3 days, waited hours for someone to come and fix it. The water pressure in the shower was non existent. It rained nearly every day and for some reason we would have no water for a period of time following the rain..Many occasions there was no hot water including the day of check out. We were instructed to use the hospitality suite. The lady at the guest services was aweful. She gave the key to people who just showed up despite us waiting 1 hour, then she ignored us when we went to complain. Eventually 30 min before the bus arrived we got access to the hospitality suite. The alcohol was good, flowed freely. The food on the other hand wasn't that great. The buffet selection was terrible. We ate at all of the La Carte restaurants, service wasn't great at the Italian. The Steakhouse was great as was the takeout pizza. We left $2 everyday for the fridge guy who was generous. The room was cleaned well every day (we also tipped the maid $2) note drinks weren't included at the Tropicalismo show at the Casino hotel i.e. $2 for a pop.The bar tenders at the Bavaro lounge were great. Entertainemt nightly at the Barcelo Beach theatre was good also, quite funny actually. The overall appearance of the resort was a disappointment too. Garbage everywhere. Alot of workers around but not doing alot of work unfortunately. The beach was a disappointment. It was rocky, not alot of sand there, roots from trees, garbage, sea weed. At night they had a bull dozer hauling sand around the beach. It was a disappointment not having bars on the beach like at the Pallidium. We often hung out on the beach closest to our room (block #1) so the only beach bar was way down by the main pool. In summary, I would not stay at any hotel associated with the Barcelo chain including Caribe, Palace ,Golf, or Casino,as we heard of other complaints from people we met who were staying there. any questions, feel free to email me at newfrn@shaw.ca  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cf50
<Content>USA - stay away! My family and I stayed at the Bavaro Beach Hotel Jan. 4-11. There were 9 of us all together. We had booked 4 rooms at the Beach Hotel but upon check in we were told we were going to stay at the Casino Hotel. A down-grade! We absolutely refused to be downgraded when every spanish speaking person checking in at the same time were being upgraded to the Palace. After 4 hours of arguing with the front desk we were told if we stayed at the Casino for one night we would get rooms in the Beach the next day. Our luggage was then placed out on the sidewalk where we waited for the tram. We then loaded our own luggage onto the tram (the only people seen doing this all week) and went to the Casino Hotel. The next morning we were called at 8:30am to tell us we had to check out of the Casino if we wanted our rooms at the Beach. Again we lugged our bags out to the tram and went back to the Beach. There we were told to come back at 3pm and we would be given our rooms. We went all day with no rooms. At 3pm we were told we could have two rooms but would have to come back at 4:30 for the other two. What a waste of vacation time. The treatment only got worse as the week went on. Those so called stocked refrigerators are a joke. After not having thiers restocked for three days my sons called the front desk to request that it be restocked and were told by the person at the service desk that if they were thirsty they could go to the bar. I requested a refund from the Hotel for at least the first two days upon our return. Instead they offered me an upgrade when we booked our next trip. Thats a laugh. Why in the world would anyone return to a place where they were so horribly treated. There are many beautiful resorts on this island. Please please please find another. p.s. We booked our trip through Sky Auction. Their vouchers are apparently not honored. I would suggest not using this site. You definitely don't get what you pay for.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>Susan13
<Content>Nice Area - Great golfing       view from our hotel  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	2	4	

<Author>noladee
<Content>Terrible Service at It's Worse I, my husband and our three-year-old son stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach from Dec. 23 to Jan. 1. We had many bad experiences. The worst: on the morning of Dec. 24, we got a letter under our door notifying us that dinner in one of the hotel's restaurants would require formal attire, which we did not bring. So, we decided to eat in another restaurants. However, the manager would not let us in, stating that formal attire applied to all the hotel's restaurants. He suggested we eat take-out pizza in our room -- on Christmas Eve! After 45 minutes of arguing with him and his superior, my husband was lent a pair of pants (from the supply of hotel uniforms), which he then put on over his shorts and we were allowed into the restaurant. The service and attention at the hotel were very bad. The food and drinks were terrible. The rooms needed serious maintenance (our toilet never stopped leaking and the television did not work, for example) and were never properly cleaned. The hotel grounds were littered with garbage, as was the beach. The staff almost never smiled, and we were very unhappy there. Since we had purchased an all-inclusive pre-paid package, there was no recourse, and neither the staff nor the management had any incentive to treat us any better.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>havesunwilltravel
<Content>Needs a serious tune up Never again. We got back back about a week ago from this resort, I have allowed this time for cool down period. Checked in very late, quickly got us to our room. Very disappointing room. Clean but worn and lots of things badly needed repair. First time to this area of D.R. Not a lot of English speaking people there however it was fun trying to communicate on a basic level with them. We were there for the New Years eve gala that was fun from all I remember. In general I would have to say sevice was slow and they a grossly understaffed. Staff seemed unhappy, with the exception of the Italian restaurant. The over all area (5 resorts) are very poorly kept ie. lots of litter on the beach, by the pools and walkways. Odd because there seems to be a number of workers on the grounds but they don't clean up the obvious.Upon the check out is our most memorable experience with a combination of our Nolitour tour director being less than informative and the check out staff being very poorly organized, overworked and not very accomodating. A late check out has a token cost which we should have done. However, our tour director suggested we just use one of the courtesy room to clean up late day before we go to the airport. Great. But, there is one room for all the people checking out at that time and it is a storage room stuck under the stairway. No door knob, room filled with stored hotel stuff ie boxes everywhere. No sink, no hair dryer. Had a shower and fresh towels - that was it. Man what a sight! I had to take pictures. So this is their idea of courtesy? The manager told us it was our tour operator's fault for booking late night flights! From what we heard from talking with other tourists, there are much better hotels up the beach. So don't give up on the area, but certainly give Barcelo a miss.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>beachvacationCalgary
<Content>great time had by all there were 19 of us all got together that stayed at the barcelo in punta cana for a week. we arrived january 4th and stayed until the 11th. we came from calgary, vancouver and munich.the hotel was what i expected. clean rooms, all inclusive food (a.k.a-pretty tasteless, but you pretty much just eat to stay alive), a lot of drinking (miami vice, bahama mama's, cuba libres, and pina coladas). keep one thing in mind: this hotel is huge. since there were so many of us, we spent a lot of time looking for each other. the ocean was really ruff while we were there, but that just made the waves that much more fun to swin in. the beach at the hotel was really nice and big with more than enough beach chairs. the hotel was supposidly full, but we couldn't tell. the place is massive.the best part of the trip was the dive centre- mariana-. if you are looking to scuba dive, this is the place to go. the staff was super friendly and knew exactly what they are doing. the prices at the dive shop were great. you have to check out the catalina island day trip and dive the wall. it was unbeleivable. overall, we had a wicked vacation.i would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>muse-7
<Content>Would not recommend Just got back from a week at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach resort with my wife and 2-year old kid. Would definitely not recommend it. Food and drinks were pretty bad, especially at the italian restaurant and the buffets. No restaurant on the beach (except La Uva where you need to sit and order 脿 la carte) so you can't have lunch quickly to maximize your time under the sun. The pizza take-out was always overcrowded. 脌 la carte restaurants are first come first serve so expect to make long line-ups. Staff at the reception and in restaurants was not very nice if you did not speak Spanish. The beach is beautiful but there is not much to see under water and its quite noisy with all the speed boats passing by all the time. If you go, try to stay at the Caribe Hotel. It's been renovated recently and the pool is great. By the way, don't take the trip to Manati Park: it's a hoax.It's a 3 star hotel at best.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>charlotterose
<Content>well worth it me and my family went out to barcelo on the 11th of december 2006. there was 6 of us in our party. first of all the flight out! i hate flying at the best of times and although i did cope pretty well we had to stop off at shannon in ireland for over an hour to fuel up we didnt no this was going to happen and we wasnt very pleased about it to say the least as we wasnt alowed off the plane. the flight ended up taking 12 and a half hours! the food was awful but the flight after that went quite smooth. after ariving in punta cana we had a 45 minute transfer to the hotel........ getting to the hotel it was dark and we was all very tired but excited! we got our rooms pretty quickly and went for some food. the rooms we had were on the ground floor and although we asked for a sea veiw you could bearly see it!! i wouldnt recommend anybody to have a ground floor as we had to change rooms due to huge cockroaches and i mean they were huge!! they was getting through the cracks in the door and ending up in our clothes! we went to see our rep who did get us another room. much better but infested with mosquitos me and my partner suffered badly but the kids managed to escape! my mum on the other hand who was in the room next door had a terrible time out there with bites. the hotel itself was wonderfully clean the gardens were lovely and the staff well you couldnt ask for better. they work all the hours god sends for so little money but they are always so happy and smiling singing and trying to make you happy. food.... the food was very well displayed and looked stunning but after a week you get a bit tired of eating the same things! so after 2 weeks i think we was all looking forward to a kabad!! the restarants was fantastic apart from the mexican and the dominican i wouldnt say much for them at all...the domincan we ordered chicken and when it came out you bit in to it and it was still bleeding.... the domincan.....the service was awful the waiter came over and when he was filling the water glasses up spilt water all over our camara which in a result of this broke! i did take it to the manager and they got it fixed for me! then they bought us our starters all of us except one whos came out as we was getting our mains!!! like i said i wouldnt recomend those two....... now the french....only eat there once but was well worth it! tokyo...... we eat there twice and both times was amazing! stunning food good friendly staff and they let the kids get involved with the cooking my children loved it!.... italian....not really much to say we ate ther once but enjoyed at all the same..... the marlin... out by the pool steak and seafood again we ate there a couple of times and was very nice no bad comments.... the first week of eating none of us had and troubles with our tummys but at the start of the second week we was all feeling it! and from then on untill we got back home we was all suffering. the food during the day like i said is very nice as long as you like salad chips rice pork and chicken! but it does get a bit boring after 2 weeks of the same!! the only other thing i would say about eating in the day is the flies too many and they really do put you off your food.the pool..... i couldnt get my daughter out of it she loved it. it was masive and because it was so big it was never overcrouded the pool bar was also amazing and again my daughter spent more time there than any of us!! the staff do alot of pool games which were very funny and is a must get involved me and my partner loved it! the beach..... wow amazing really and trully amazing!! stunning miles and miles and white soft sand absolutly beautiful best beach ive ever seen and we spent alot of time on there! plenty of sun lounges both on the beach and by the pool you'll never have difficulty finding somwhere to relax both in the shade or the sun! the night life..... i must say that the staff do try there very best to make it as entertaining as possible. BUT ........ if like me your in your late twentys you really dont want to be going to bed at half past ten every night! most nights you do have to make up your own entertainment which wasnt very hard for us as we met so many great people out there! the ampitheatre was fun which was for and hour and a half a night.... 9-10.30....the staff put on a different show everynight. sometimes the staff came up to you afterwards to ask if you would like to go to a nightclub away from the hotel but we never did this because of the kids... they do have a nightclub in the hotel downstairs but it was too hot in there and we didnt go in there much.... there is a 24 hour bar at the mexican which was good some nights we wasnt gettng in untill gone 5 in the morning!!! now then the bad part for all was the doctor in the hotel please if your going to barcelo then please take as much medication as you think you will need for the duration of your stay as the doctor really was terrible.. my son had a reaction to the maliaria tablets but the doctor was addament that he had every infection going we ended up at the hospital with him and was told the only infection he had was a chest infection and like i said a reaction to the tablets... the doctor after that was posting letters through our door every day for payment which put a huge downside to our holiday......the rep... we traveled with thomson and our rep darren was by far the best rep we have had he deserves a medel he was fantastic and if there was somthing we wanted or had any complaints he got it sorted withing the day!!a totel must if you do go to barcelo is horse riding on the beach and swimming with dolphins they were both fantastic experiences.....  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>hatetotravel
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised!       Pool at our hotel  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>impacked
<Content>Here's a Well-Kept Secret The Iberostar Hotel chain has 3 hotels in a row on the beach in Punta Cana (the most expensive, the Bavaro, and the much less expensive, Dominicana and Punta Cana. Last week my husband and I were very surprised to learn that any guest at either hotel can avail themselves of the Bavaro beach. HOW'S THAT FOR EQUITY???The result is people who are unwilling or unable to pay for the pricey comfort, calm and beauty of the Bavaro beach are strolling over and severely over-crowding it. Now, I ask you, why would anyone willingly pay more for that peace and tranquillity when bimbettes and their beered-up beaux (seeking a little extra space and a better umbrella) can saunter over and recline half nude to make out for an hour two feet from your chair. Management advises that the other hotel's guests are not supposed to be served food and drink at the Bavaro, but they're in the hotel bars and restaurants. And, at the risk of sounding too snooty for my own good, I'll say it... they're a rough crowd, ie., undressed, tatooed, over-liquored, screaming at eachother and their unattended children, shoving and snatching at food, spitting on the grounds and beach, flicking cigarettes everywhere. I was really alarmed to see one individual with the top of her bathing suit stuffed with food. She went into the water and fed the fish till she ran out of snacks. If all this were not distasteful, I could book a bench at the Port Authority Bus Terminal in New York and save for retirement.We've been coming to the Bavaro twice a year for 7 yrs. and have seen a sudden and steep decline in the dignity and serenity that was so much a part of its appeal. Someone in charge is seriously asleep at the wheel.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>immabum
<Content>great! just got back from barcelo beach resort. Going in i was freaked out from reading all the negative reviews....so i packed lots of extra water, medications up the yinyang and very low expectations. SOoooo I was pleasantly surprised at how great the resort really was. Absolutely beautiful beaches, well maintained with workers cleaning up around the clock. They really do work really hard (just look at the bartender..i saw him work from 9am till midnight at least) --(so please be nice to them and tip $1 to them..it really makes a difference) The food was average (much better than i can cook) and no....i did not suffer from any sort of gastrointestinal distress -and i ate pretty much everything except for some of the cheeses. I recommend eating at the caribe buffet...its a bit better than the beach resort buffet and less packed. The Italian restaurant isn't that great...neither is the mexican one. The steakhouse was great and has a fantastic view of the ocean. The workers are really nice...all you gotta do is say hola! with a smile..and they'll smile right back at you...being polite goes a long way. Anyways you don't need to bring bottled water...because they supply it all there free of charge. Bring a bunch of $1 bills for tipping and perhaps some shoes or old mp3 players you don't want...because you can barter them at the local flea market (i traded in my sandals for 2 shirts today) :)Oh ya...buy an underwater camera before you get there....it cost me $35 american there...anyways have a great trip...because i certainly did!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zoriana
<Content>A very nice holiday       Plazza Dominicana Christmas Tree  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>dizziblonde
<Content>Wonderful Wedding My new husband and I along with twenty of our family and friends have just returned from two fantastic weeks here.With ages ranging from 11 to nearly 60 it was going to be hard to please everybody but we all had an amazing time.The location is great with all of the rooms having a sea view.The rooms were not the most up to date but were comfortable and spotless (as we were there lots of the rooms were having new furniture and being decorated). The mini bar was restocked daily.The grounds are beautiful with so many staff mowing, snipping and collecting sea weed as soon as it gathers.The beach was white, the sea was crystal clear and there are enough palm trees to get some shade if you need it.We tried all of the pools (except The Golf which is very small) and The Caribe was our favorite.There is no watering down of drinks here-they are STRONG-if you like coke with your rum order an extra mixer or two!!The buffett was really good with lots of choice.The Steak House was mainly lovely but a couple of us has some very chewey beef one night. They do great take away pizzas all day.The Italian was good too.We did have a number of people with stomach upsets so remember to take some tablets out with you!The staff dont speak much English but we dont speak Spanish so we cant complain. It did make things a little difficult at the front desk.A smile and a tip goes along way so look after the staff and they will look after you.The reason for our visit was our wedding and it was fantastic.There was only one other wedding while we were there so it felt very individual and special.Mirtha the wedding coordinator was great and organised all the extras we wanted:-a musical trio, DVD recording, photographer, extra flowers, cocktails, champaigne etc.We had the ceremony in the Gazebo at The Palace hotel which is set in pretty gardens and it was perfect.A holiday is what you make it and we had a great time here.Its really good value for money.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>luiso149
<Content>Don't listen to all bad reviews. First of all I was a little afraid of all bad reviews that I read before, but regardless of that I went to the hotel anyway and passed a wonderful time. First of all the beaches are magnificent, very clean and very relaxing (white sand and cristal clear water), then the food is great especially on the buffets (anything you can imagine and a lot), not so on the restaurants. The rooms are very clean and comfortable and with a great view to the beach (almost all of them). One of the good things about this hotel is that you can use the facilities of 5 other hotels inside the complex incliding swimming pools, rest, buffets, bars, etc. Also there are a lot of activities that you can do like, scuba diving, kayak, banana boat rides, and if you pay some $$ more you can see the delphins, horseback riding, four track excursions, hang gliding, speedboat ridings, etc. Overall I'll give the hotel 4.5 out of 5. The only cons are that at night the mosqitoes will kill your legs if you dont bring apropiate repeller and if you are planning to buy anything inside the hotels stores they will charge you four or five time higher of what you will pay elsewhere. On conclusion I will definetly come back to this hotel again, the sooner the better.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>sunny24
<Content>Great Beach! This trip was overall fun and the water is beautiful! However, there were a few things at the hotel that were not so good. 1. The staff speaks very little English, if any. After a while it becomes frustrating. 2. The food was pretty repulsive. Usually weight is gained on vacation. My friend and I actually lost weight and one of the nights she vomited, I assume due to what she ate. 3. I read a review saying bring snacks!! Boy was that good advise!! I strongly recommend it. The gift shop there is steep. A can of pringles was $9 US. No joke. 4. All inclusive w/drinks? hah. Yeh if you can get someone to wait on you and even then you have to watch them. Twice I caught them putting zero alcohol in my drink. I wasnt sure if this was an effort to be cheap or simply b/c nobody understands English!!! On the positive side, the grounds were kept up very nicely and I liked how the trolley ran often and took you around to other hotels as well...and you can use MosT of their amenities as well. The Apple Vacations rep. was awesome!! He helped us book excursions. As far as that goes, Dont swim w/ the dolphins! Its around $90. Trip takes about 6 hrs and you only acually swim w/them for 10 min's. Waste of a day. However, I do recommend the half day boat cruise...you get to snorkel/swim w/ sharks and stingrays...take pics, have drinks on the boat, they take you out to spots that are just gorgeous and you can swim or just hang out. It was relaxing and a lot of fun! Oh and if you walk down to the flea markets down the beach...be ready. Its exhausting. Everyone flocking to you, grabbing you, being extremely pushy and sale oriented. Its crazy and never ever pay full price. I never paid over 1/3 the inital asking price. Also, the guards that walk around w/ 3 foot wooden batons during the day and 3-4 ft metal crowbars at night were quite intimidating to me. Their presence made me wonder how safe I ReAllY was...they must be NeeDed or they wouldnt be there right? Other than that, the beach is great. Service is uhh ok. Nothing special. Resort itself is pretty. Rooms are average. Showers were horrible. Drip drip drip. Overall trip = B. Jamiacas  Mexico were better! Still very glad I visited Punta Cana.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>Everyboysmomma
<Content>You get what you pay for Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort, Punta CanaRoom 3125October 29-November 5, 2006TNT VacationsAdvertised Price $699 per person all inclusive (with charter flight out of Boston)Actual Price with tax, insurance and express service added $856.65 per personThis was our second trip to Punta Cana, but the first to a Barcelo resort. We booked this trip on a whim due to the incredibly low price. Traveling were my husband and I, our good friends, and their 20 month old.Express Service was worth the extra approximately $30. per person that we paid. When we got to the airport (Logan in Boston) the line for check in was snaked in and out to about 70 people. We walked into the express line with only 2 other families ahead of us. We were seated together as we had requested when we made the reservations. The charter flight down on North American Air was delayed by about an hour because a light was on in the cockpit and it had to be checked by a mechanic. We waited in the plane during this time. This did not please the 20 month old we were flying with. Arival in Punta Cana was HOT. The temp was in the 90鈥檚 with a very high humidity. Make sure you change clothes ON THE PLANE as you will be walking a long distance on the tarmac from where North American is berthed at the airport. After clearing Immigrations and retrieving our luggage, TNT met us and told us where to find our bus for transfer to the hotel. Again, it would have been much more comfortable if we had changed before getting out of the plane.Check in at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach went very quickly. There were ample porters available to help with luggage and we were in our rooms within 15 minutes of arriving. Upon arrival we found out that buildings number 4 and 5 were closed completely and that the entire Barcelo Carrib resort next door was closed down. We were supposed to have reciprocal rights to eat and use the facilities there as part of the Barcelo resorts. We were placed in building #3.The rooms consisted of 2 full size (double) beds, a night stand, chair, small table, ample closet space, locking safe, and dorm sized refrigerator stocked with 2 large bottles of water, 1 Coke 鈥渓ight鈥?(diet), 1 Coke, 1 7-UP, and 2 Presidente beers. In other resorts we have found that replenishments of these items, with an emphasis on your personal preferences, was easily attained by leaving a note and a couple of dollars for the maid. This was not the case at this Barcelo property. Getting the refrigerator restocked here took an act of perserverance. The room also has a small deck with railing with 2 chairs and a small table. We were approximately 250 feet from the beach and a 2 minute walk to the pool, where all of the activites take place, as well as the nearest place to eat or drink.The beach is absolutely gorgeous. We were there at the very lowest of the low season, so there was never a problem getting chaise lounges and plenty of space for ourselves on the beach or by the pool. Punta Cana is ringed by a reef, so there is very little wave action at the beach. It was perfect for the 20 month old, but not so much for those of us who enjoy body surfing. The water temp and clarity was perfect and the air temp so warm that we frequently had to put the chaise lounges IN the water!!This is not a place you want to come if you are looking for gourmet dining. The resort had one buffet restaurant, one steak house and one Mexican restaurant. Of the three, the steak house is the best quality hands down. The Mexican restaurant was a disappointment with the exception of the appetizer bar. This was the best food in the restaurant. The entrees (fajitas) were tasteless. At the buffet there was plenty of food, but the quality of it was lower than what we have experienced before in all inclusive resorts. The fresh fruit was plentiful and perfectly ripe, the roasted chicken was consistently one of the best offerings, and there was usually enough offered in the salad area to make a meal. All of the rest of the meats were drown in tasteless sauces and gravies. There is a pasta bar available for lunch and dinner, but they heat the pasta and whatever sauce you choose (including pesto!) in a pan generously doused in oil. For breakfast, your best bet is the omelet station. The breads and desserts were of generally poor quality. The breads were very dry and hard. The deserts focused more on presentation than taste. For the entire week we were there, the Diet Coke selection of the soda machine was not available, which meant that you had to walk out to the pool from the dining room if you wanted Diet Coke with your meal. If you ordered a Diet from the wait staff, they would bring you regular Coke and just shrug. There is also take away pizza offered by the pool. It was a better choice than many of the lunch foods at the buffet. One other thing worth noting: The baby we were traveling with became sick (ear infections, see below) and despite seeing the doctor on site, the restaurant staff would not allow us to take food from the restaurant to feed him in the room. They finally relented and gave us a paper napkin to use to bring food away. They denied us a Styrofoam container that we saw staff with. This seemed unreasonable and extreme to us.There were supposed to be shows every night, but we only saw one performed at the 10:00 announced starting time. I don鈥檛 know if the rest were cancelled because the hotel was so empty or if they went on seriously late. There is a disco that opens at 11 pm. There is a casino at the neighboring Barcelo Casino Resort, but when we went in, half of the machines were turned off (including ALL of the video poker machines) and there were no more than a half dozen people sitting at slots and table games.There is a train-like tram that runs between the Barcelo resorts so that you can visit and make use of the facilities of all of them, with the exception of the 鈥減remium鈥?Barcelo Palace where you could not eat nor drink as they are a different level resort (and presumably have better food and drink)The busiest bar is the beach bar. The Presidente beer on tap is pretty good. I made the mistake of ordering one margarita. It was horrible. I could not drink it. The tequila they used tasted like rubbing alcohol. My recommendation is to drink rum drinks (the rum is good quality and they are not stingy with it) or the beer. Bottled water is plentiful also at the bars.The service at this resort would only get a mediocre rating from me. At the all- inclusives we have visited before, the service was much better and more personal. The wait staff at the bars would not even make eye-contact with us! Despite tipping and leaving notes, we had trouble with our needs being met by the housekeeping staff. Our friends had a bottle break on the tile floor when the refrigerator in their room emptied itself in the middle of the night, but despite calls to the front desk, the broken glass was not cleaned up until regular rounds the next morning. This was especially problematic for them as they had the 20 month old with them. We did get exceptional service from one server in the buffet restaurant, but she was definitely the exception.We had the occasion to visit the medical center at the resort when the baby came down with double ear infections. The doctors we saw there were tremendous. They were caring and compassionate, and very professional. An office visit and Amoxicillian came to $90.00. Very reasonable. Check out was time consuming and pointless. Since this is an all inclusive resort, there were no added bills to be paid at check out, but you had to wait in an interminable line with only one hotel employee working in order to get a 鈥渃heck out鈥?ticket to board the bus back to the airport. We had our transfer vouchers but the TNT rep could not accept those without a piece of paper from the hotel saying we were checked out.One other thing worth noting: Punta Cana is heavily visited by Europeans. This impacted me in two ways. One, we were in a vast minority of English speaking guests. While the staff at the hotel could understand our needs, I never realized how much the interaction with other guests augments my enjoyment of a vacation. For the entire week I do not think I had conversations with more than a dozen people who spoke English. I realize I was in another country, but I have traveled many times, including another trip to Punta Cana, where there were many more people who spoke English. The other way the make up of the guests made an impact is that the overwhelming majority of guests were smokers. Even on the beach in the open air, we had to move a number of times to get away from the pervasive smell of cigarette smoke.Bottom Line. You get what you pay for. This was a tremendously inexpensive vacation for us. The beach was beautiful, the weather was wonderful, and we were not working. However, after going to the Punta Cana Iberostar, and the Palace Resorts in Cancun, I think I would rather have paid a little more for the added value, service and quality that they offer.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>brilliant-reviewer
<Content>beautiful First, I would like to point out that a lot of the reviews (below) state that the Hotel wasn't good for reasons like our [independant] tour guide didn't speak English and the customs lines [at the airport] were too long. Well, when I went to the Barcelo Bavaro Beach in April 2006, I didn't encounter these problems. But even if I had, I am curious to know how the Resort should be held responsible for slow lines at the airport. Or why the staff is responsible for bad weather. But hey, that's just me...The Barcelo Bavaro Beach is beautiful. I cannot stress this enough. I have been to upwards of 20 different tropical destinations and I think this resort in particular rates up there at the top (Maui being the closest contender). The grounds have just been redone and the paths and plants are beautiful and well-maintained. The beach is simply phenominal - second to none. There is a newly remodeled area with a sports bar, patio, and coffee shop (complete with a brand new giant copper expresso/coffee maker). The pools were the perfect temperature and well-cleaned. The grounds, the beach are simply unparalleled. Venue: 10/10The service was also very good. Although a few employees did not speak English, the majority did and those who didn't were able to either figure out what you were asking or direct you to a nearby employee who could. Check in - well, it took about 1/2 hour. No big deal, since there is a bar right across from the check-in desk. The staff was always happy to please and a tip of a dollar or so was very much appreciated. Service: 8/10The rooms were average. No better or worse than the normal Holiday Inn. The air conditioning was cold. The water worked (one group out of 8 had water pressure problems). The rooms were clean and comfortable. The beds were not too hard. Overall, not outstanding, not bad, but I don't think we noticed any problems at all because we spent 18 hours a day outside and the rest sleeping. If you are looking to spend the week indoors, go rent a big Villa in Colorado or something and huddle up by the fire. Why would you go to the DR to sit in your room anyway? Rooms: 7/10The food left a little to be desired. The drinks were made with cheap liquor, but the beer was fine. I would recommend (if you are a drinker) picking up a coffee mug, since the drinks are served in 12 oz. plastic cups and get warm if you are too slow. If you picked and chose what you were eating from the large buffet-style food, then you could eat your fill and be quite content. The Mexican Restaurant was good, the Brazillain one was passable. The atmosphere in the buffet was laid back, and the other places were very pleasant. Overall, I would say the food was average. If you are a picky eater, you will have to pick and choose what you eat, but there is a big variety. If you are a garbage disposal like some of my friends, you could chow on nearly anything and end up fat and happy. Food: 4.5/10 Drinks: 5/10.Overall, particularly for what we paid, the trip was wonderful. Sure, you can complain that you didn't like X food or Y waiter was too slow. If you want perfect service and five-star food, go to Mustique or Tahiti and pay 5-10 times as much. If you want a beautiful vacation for a reasonable price with decent drinks and food and are looking for a good time, check out the Bavaro Beach Resort.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>226sherman
<Content>Absolutely Dreadful We stayed at the Barcelo in early July and couldn't have been more disappointed. The food was the worst we've ever had at any resort on any vacation. Not to mention we got very ill from eating the hotdogs at the pizza snack hut. The rooms are old and need remodeling. The staff is overall, rude. Noone really speaks english so if you don't speak spanish this isn't the place for you. The all inclusive drinks are basically the local beer and bad rum drinks. We booked this place due to the value, but it was not worth it. We did take an excursion and that was nice to get away from the resort for a day because there isn't a lot to do. We would discourage anyone from going to this resort or any of the Barcelo resorts in Punta Cana, even the Palace is bad. The beach is beautiful and we would possibly visit Punta Cana again, but only in a well known, upscale resort.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>IsobelMartine
<Content>Barcelo Bavaro Beach Hotel All Inclusive I read the reviews on your website, and wish I had have listened. Last year we stayed at the Carabela in Punta Cana, we loved the island and the people, the hotel rooms were not great but we had got such a good deal, and the food and drinks were great, that we really could not complain. The hotel staff and food were wonderful. So we planned our wedding. In March I contacted the hotel for a wedding in July, just 20 people. We stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro, trust me do not go to this hotel, and do not have a wedding there. Myself and my husband arranged our wedding in this resort, the wedding coordinator assigned to us was Llanny Jiminez. From the beginning it was difficult to get a response from Llanny unless we were looking to purchase something. I will try and not bore you with all the details! We purchased a boat trip around the island with music drinks and appetizers as part of the celebrations. Llanny forgot to let the security know some of our guests (who were staying at another resort) were coming, and it took her 1.5 hours to show up to correct the problem and let them into the hotel. They were sitting in a minivan with no air conditioning and the security would not let them off the bus. Eventually they had to return to their own resort as the children were getting sick. Hotel said she was having lunch. Then she insisted we eat the appetizers on the boat, even though they were sitting in the sun for 2 hours. There was no wedding coordination whatsoever. 3 Days before the wedding she told us the justice of the peace cannot speak English and Llanny will be the interpretor. Apparently this was the only judge on the whole island according to Llanny. She forgot to bring the photographer, DVD, or restaurant manager, to our one and only meeting as previously agreed. She told the photographer, DVD guy and restaurant manager the wrong time of the wedding and dinner. Therefore both the photographer and DVD guy had to leave early as they had other appointments. I went myself and talked to the restaurant manager (very nice) we give him $120 for himself to guarantee everything went well for the dinner (and it did). Our wedding flowers were the wrong color, Llanny the wedding coordinator was seen on the beach the morning of the wedding for a few minutes, did not coordinate with myself or my husband. The groom, best man and guests were waiting on the beach for 1.5 hrs (85 degrees) and the justice of the peace was 1.5 hours late. To top it off, the photographer LOST - yes Lost all our wedding pictures. His name was Gigio. He told us he used a memory card, put the pictures on the computer, deleted them from the memory card, and then the computer crashed. The DVD was completely amateurish. It was awful. I know previous reviews stated how bad the hotel rooms were, trust me I thought it may have been an exxageration. They were correct. It took 3 days to get a manager to state our grievances to about to the wedding. As they just kept hoping we would go away. Finally he agreed on a discount, but when we got the final bill on the morning of checkout, the overcharges covered the discount. It was once again so difficult to get the manager, our bus left for the airport. In the end we had to pay and get a taxi to the airport as we were just getting the run around. On top of that all 20 guests got severe dirrahea and nauseouness, and the hotel charges $5.00 for one immodium! We did not have that problem last year. I believe it is the resort. Beautiful Island, but not this resort. Martine  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MikeTu
<Content>Please Is Great!!! Don't Believe The Negative Reviews My family and I, ages 50, 48, 21 and 17, along with my brother in law and sister in law, ages 60 and 58, arrived at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort August 6th thru the 13th. I booked this vacation back in February, but after reading the many negative reviews, I was starting to get a little nervous. So we set out wondering what we were going to be in for. Well, within one day after we arrived, I found that this place was nothing like what the negative reviews stated. I was wondering if I was at the same place!!! Maybe if a person has never been to the Caribbean or Mexico before, they may be a little shocked how people live in other countries. So here is my positive review of the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort.Punta Cana Airport: We arrived on time to see the beautiful Punta Cana Airport. We walked off the plane into a 鈥淗ut鈥?type of a building to meet with customs. This airport doesn鈥檛 have air conditioning (except in the newer section), but most airports in the Caribbean don鈥檛 either. We had to pay a $10 (US) per person tourist tax. Customs was quick, and we got our luggage and out the door in less then one hour. We booked our taxi service in advance thru Yahoo vacations. The ride to the hotel was approximately 20 min. The roads were in need of some repair, but it was no where as horrible of a ride as other reviews have stated.Bavaro Barcelo Beach Resort: We arrived at the resort and were second in line to check in. It took no more then 5 minutes to speak with someone. I requested block 5 (other reviews stated this was the best block), but was told that that block wasn鈥檛 available, but block 4 is. We took it. Room: The room had 2 double beds, a cable TV with 70 channels, a safe, a small refrigerator that they stocked daily with free soda, bottled water, and beer, and NO clock. All the rooms at the resort had a balcony. Ours overlooked a garden area and far to the right was the ocean. The rooms could have used some refurbishing, but since we were only in the room to sleep and to shower, it didn鈥檛 have to be top of the line. It was clean, comfortable but the air conditioner could have been colder. I wrote a note to the lady (in Spanish) who took care of the room, that we needed more towels. The next days we had them. I tipped her $2 a day. She always had a smile on her face. One thing to remember, they do not give you wash cloths. So if you use them, you have to bring your own. Grounds: The beach and all the grounds were beautiful and clean. The workers worked hard to pick up after sloppy tourist. The beach had some seaweed on it, but again it was cleaned up daily. The sand was white with pink specks in it. Water was clear, but not as clear as other places in the Caribbean. Also the water was calm because a mile or so off shore was a reef that broke the waves before they came ashore. We never had any problem getting a lounge chair, but again this is off season. The pool was small but adequate with no swim up bar. They kept the water on the cool side and it felt nice. Everyday the staff set up games in and out of the pool. They even taught dancing lessons along side the pool. It amazed me how many people worked at this resort and how many of them just did cleaning all day. Restaurants: The all inclusive package included a choice of at least 4 restaurants. We were told that we didn鈥檛 have to make any reservations because this was off season. So we never waited for a table. I also found that just about all of the waiters/waitresses didn鈥檛 speak any English. I do believe most of them did understand it though. However this wasn鈥檛 a problem. They knew we spoke English, so they gave us a menu in English. All we did was point to the item we wanted to order. Hand singles worked also such as if you wished to have more beer, wine, soda, etc just point to the glass and they refilled it. I had read before we went that the specialty restaurants had a dress code; long pants for men, coaler shirt, and dresses for women, etc. However this was not enforced. I wore shorts after the first day. This came in handy since most of the restaurants are not air conditioned. I also found that if you go to those restaurants before 7:30 (They open at 6:30) you will get right in. After that time, there was a line. I believe this is because people who went on excursions got back to the resort around 7. Buffet: The main restaurant one was the 鈥淎mbar鈥漛uffet which served breakfast, lunch and dinner. The buffet was the only place that served breakfast. The food was plentiful. It ranged from bad to good. There was so much of it that you will find something you like. And there were no birds or flies that others mentioned in there reviews. The buffet had no air conditioning, so the windows were open. To keep the birds out they put a net over the windows. They had a person that cooked up food to order such as omelets for breakfast, pasta for lunch, and steak for dinner. Mexican Restaurant: (Mexico Lindo) This was the only restaurant that had air conditioning. The food here I found to be good. There was plenty of it. I also found a waiter named Jorge who spoke perfect English. Look for him when you鈥檙e down there. Remember, the food will taste different then in the U.S., but that is to be expected鈥ou are not in America. Italian Restaurant: (Los Pinos) I found this to be the worst food at the resort. This place is not air-conditioned, so it will be hot. We tried this place twice. The first time I don鈥檛 know what they gave me, it sure didn鈥檛 look or taste like what I thought I ordered. But the second time I ordered Lasagna, and it was ok. They also have pizza at this restaurant for in or take out. It is open from noon to midnight. Steak House: (Bavaro Steak House) By far the best restaurant at the resort. Again, no air conditioning. I ordered the sirloin steak and it was tender and tasty. I highly recommend this place. Grill: Facing the beach, if you walked 陆 of a mile to the right, there is an outside restaurant that served lunch daily. Here they served grilled lobster, grilled shrimp and fried calamari. This place was great! But remember you are outside; sitting at a table, on the sand, at the beach under a palm tree鈥ouldn鈥檛 get any better! They open at 12:30pm. You better get there at or soon after that time or by 1pm there will be a line. Bars: There were three bars available. All of them served only one local beer, Presidente, and local liquor. If you wanted top shelf brands you had to pay more. We found that we didn鈥檛 need to do that. I agree with the other reviews that the drinks were inconsistently made depending on which bar you went to. They did use 8 oz plastic cups, but what did you expect them to use!! It is a good thing they didn鈥檛 use glass. Tourist left cups all over the grounds. But the workers were quick to pick them up. You can bring a larger thermos cup and they will fill them. The only problem I found was this..if you ordered a frozen drink such as Pina Colada, Strawberry Daiquiri, etc, they would NOT put any alcohol in it unless you ask. They pour the frozen drinks out of a type of slushy machine. They do not add alcohol to the mixture until after it is poured AND only if you ask for it. I found that strange. Anyways, the bar in the lobby, The 鈥淏ar Carey鈥? was by far the best. The drinks were made very well. The bar near the pool was ok, but if you ordered a mixed drink, they made them very very strong. That was the only problem, if you consider that a problem. The bar on the beach was the worst. Those bar tenders did the opposite. They hardly put any liquor in the drinks. I had to keep asking them to put in mucho rum for my rum and cokes!Entertainment: There was volleyball on the beach, dancing lessons by the pool and pool games. At night there was entertainment on the stage at the resort, but it wasn鈥檛 very entertaining. One night we walked down to the Bavaro Carib to see a show and it was done well. Another night we went to the casino to see Tropicalissimo, and that was a great show. But remember, this is a Spanish country, so most if not all of the singing is in Spanish. By why should this be a problem? What language do we speak when we put on a show in this country? There is a small Casino that isn鈥檛 a far walk. Also there is a Disco in a separate building close by. We went there but were surrounded by 20 year olds. My son liked that. But what my son didn鈥檛 like was that the Disco opened at 11pm, it should have been sooner. We had access to non motorized sports at the resort as well as a nice miniature golf course at the Casino resort. There are also internet computers in the lobby to use. It was $3 for 15 minutes, $5 for 30 min., and $8 for an hour of internet use. There were only 3 computers, so sometimes we had to wait. It was a great way to communicate back home. The other way was by using the phone in the room, or our cells phones. Yes cell phones worked very well there, but can be expensive to use. Check with your carrier. Shopping: There are shops at the resort, across the street, and at the Casino. However if you head down toward the beach, turn left, walk 陆 mile or so, you will see vendors along the beach. Here is where you have to bargain to get a good price. They start out high, but you will purchase it for about a third of what they are asking for. The people there are a little pushy, but nothing like I have seen on other Caribbean Islands. Simply say that you are not interested, and they leave you alone. Going Back Home: Our taxi took us back to Punta Cana Airport on time. Security on the way home took a while to get thru. I have read that some tourists are charged a $25 departure tax fee. We didn鈥檛 have to pay this since American Airlines included it in our price of the ticket. Check with your carrier to see if that is included. Otherwise you have to pay the $25 per person in cash. We were lucky enough to have a gate in the newest section of the airport. That side was air conditioned. The majority of the terminals where the other gates are located are not. Summary: This is a great place and a great bargain. Do not believe all the negative reviews. What is really nice is this is a big complex. You have access to all 5 resorts. However you do not have access to the other restaurants and some bars at the other resorts. When we went to the casino, I showed my hotel band around my arm to the lady behind the bar, and she said yes, we could get a free drink there. However, do the same at the restaurant there, and they will tell you no. But all the resorts are in walking distance. There is also a free tram that runs every 15 mins. We took a ride on that one day just to see the gardens and palm trees. This is a Spanish country and Americans are the minority. Most are from South America and Europe. Very little English is spoken here. You will find English spoken at the check in counter, the costumer service counter which by the way were very friendly and useful, and at most of the shops. But little will be spoken at the restaurants and bars. I do believe that most do understand it though. Before I left on this vacation, I purchased a book titled 鈥?001 Most Useful Spanish Words鈥? and 鈥淓asy Spanish Phrase Book鈥? Both are very inexpensive and useful. By the end of the week I was speaking a few choice words. I did not find anyone to be rude except for some tourist. The staff always smiled. Try smiling at them first if they don鈥檛 and you will see them smile right back at you. I didn鈥檛 find the staff to favor anyone. Matter of fact, some tourist just refuse to wait their turn. So at a bar one day, this couple came right over to the bar, speaking Spanish, tried to order drinks before anyone else that was waiting their turn. The bar tender spoke back to them in Spanish and since I don鈥檛 understand it I wasn鈥檛 quite sure what he said, but by the sound of his voice it sounded like he told them to wait there turn. He then came over to me and I ordered my dinks in English. He went back to them after all the others who were before them were served. Also we did not get sick during the week. There is plenty of bottled water everywhere. Remember to brush your teeth with it. But we took the United States Center of Disease Control advice to avoid travelers diarrhea (check out there web site) by taking two tablets of Pepto Bismol 4 times of day. If you have any question at all, you may e-mail me at Mikeacy@comcast.net. Go with an open mind, remember you are in a Spanish country, and have fun鈥 know you will.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>pasko1
<Content>Take It From Us....Not As Bad As The Reviews Say!!!! Ok...I really don't feel like taking the time to write the review, but I did promise myself I would when I got back...since reading all the other ones really helped prepare me. Plus, I wanted to disspell the really bad reviews out there. I can't help but think that my fellow Americans that complained so much in these reviews were probably those that expect everyone to cater to them...that are somewhat rude. That is not us, so maybe that's why we felt different. So...let me start off by saying that my wife and I read ALL the reviews before going. I would suggest that to anyone going. It will not only give you many perspectives of the resort, but will provide some good advice and preparation. We read a few of them before booking and then after booking we read all of them. Unfortunately, we started getting worried because many of the reviews we read after booking our vacation were negative. Needless to say, we know we already booked the vacation and realized that there wasn't much we could do after the fact. So, we decided to keep an open mind...to be respectful and polite during our stay...and not expect everyone to cater to us. In our opinion, don't rely too heavily on the bad reviews. Seriously folks...this is a nice place with a lot to offer with friendly staff (for the most part). My wife and I got a great 5-night deal on Hotwire for our vacation and knew that it was a 3 out of 5 star resort going into it. Remember...you get what you pay for...we kept that in our minds throughout. With that said, if we paid as much or more than our other (nicer) vacations, we would have been disappointed. This was my 8th all-inclusive vacation, and I can say that it was a nice vacation. It's no Mexico, so don't expect to party til 4 am. It's definitely more relaxing, but for those of you that enjoy your drink, you'll get enough of it at the resort. Anyway...I'll address some topics below:Transportation:We just took a taxi to/from the airport. We used a company called Taxi Touristo. It was only $20 each way (not per person, but per trip). It's the least expensive way to go. You'll run into a bunch of taxi drivers right after you walk out with your luggage from the airport. From the hotel, just talk with the Help Desk and they'll call one for you in order to get back to the airport. It only took about 10 minutes for the taxi to come, so no need to plan on leaving the resort very early. We got to the airport about an hour and a half before our flight back home and that was plenty of time.Food:All in all it wasn't too bad. My wife and I are pretty picky with our food and we were always able to find something we liked. Other resorts we've stayed at had better food, but we knew that going in...that we probably wouldn't have the best of the best. The pizza is a pretty safe bet any time of day. Both pizza take-out counters (outside the steakhouse and the Italian restaurants) were open from 12pm to 12 am. We even had that for dinner one night. We thought the Mexican was the best...especially the buffet portion of it. The steakhouse was pretty good. We did not like the Italian restaurant. The buffets are all so-so. The majority of the food on the buffets are not of an American cuisine...so if you're expecting that, you will be disappointed. You'll find something you'll like, I'm sure, at every sitting. Even if you don't like something, just get up and leave and go to a different place. We did that when we went to the Italian place. We weren't happy with our food, so we went to the Mexican restaurant for the second time during our stay. Remember...there's always pizza. By the way...we NEVER waited in line for ANY of the restaurants. If you go early, you'll never have a problem. The only place we saw a major line for was La Uva. This is the beach restaurant that serves lunch. If you want to go, be sure to leave your towel, shirt, or something on a table a few hours before it opens (it opens at 12:30).Service:All in all, I'd give the service a solid 3.5 out of 5. Yes, we encountered SOME rude workers and some that seemed to cator more to other people. You'll find that anywhere. The majority of them, however, were pretty nice. Just BE POLITE and BE PATIENT. Also, just TRY to speak a little Spanish. My wife and I don't, but we brought along a phrase book and just showed them that we were trying. Remember...you are in a Spanish-speaking country. Try to speak a little. If you don't, most people there can speak some English, so you'll get by just fine. Plus, all the menus, handouts, signs, etc are in English. I have to say, tough, that the ONLY person I felt went out of his way not to serve me was a barender named Cesar at the beach bar at La Uva. For some reason he just kept serving a certain group of people.  My wife calmed me down when I came back to her at the table (after waiting about 20 minutes) and then she just got beers at another bar a few steps away. Remember...be patient and don't let others ruin your vacation.Rooms:These are definitely outdated, but we didn't care much. The cleaning staff kept them clean and that's all we cared about. We realized that we weren't there for the rooms, we were there for the beach. At first it didn't seem like our air conditioning was cold enough, but after a while we realized it was just fine. We just kept it on high the entire time and it was fine. We had some problems with the safe and the lock to the room door when we first got there, but between the help from the front desk and the help desk everything was addressed. You'll have a safe (no charge) to use. I suggest putting all your valuables in it. You'll also have a mini fridge that's stocked every day with Coke, Diet Coke, bottles of water, and beer. If you want more of something, just leave a small tip and ask for it. What's nice about the rooms at the Beach resort is that they're all close to the beach...just a short walk. Oh...we did tip the fridge-guy $2 a day and the cleaning lady $2 day. Anything extra we asked for we got (i.e. beers, towels, water, etc). We also tipped other staff along the way if we felt we were treated great. Bring $1s!!!!Drinks:Ok...this was a biggy for us, for my wife and I like to enjoy a FEW cocktails. The bars serve nicer drinks at night and are more relaxed. During the day, the bars are more crowded with beach and pool goers. There are many frozen drinks available and Presidente beer is served out of the tap. It sort of tastes like Corona. I just kept getting lime (una cervesa con limon) in mine. For some bartenders, you'll have to request rum (ron) or other alcohol in your drink if you want it. Still haven't figured that one out yet, but hey...just ask for it. We did bring our insolated mugs and never had a problem having it filled. I'd suggest bringing them.Beach:Gorgeous!!!!!! One of the nicest coastline's I've seen. The left portion (facing the ocean) is more active. That's also where the market place is (right next to the Palace). If you go to that, get ready to be offered anything (yes...even pot) and hounded to buy stuff. I didn't like it much. If they'd just let you walk through without bothering you, it wouldn't be so bad. The right side is more seclusive and I would suggest that. There are tons of beach chairs. Take a few down to that section and enjoy it. You'll never have a problem getting chairs. The water is very clear. Yes, there's some seaweed, but not a big deal. The beach is topless and you'll find many women taking part. My wife did and enjoyed it. I'll be honest...I didn't mind it much either ;)Grounds:Very nicely kept. This is a huge complex....5 hotels. Yes, there is a tram that takes you around, but we just walked everywhere. It's very easy to do.Sickness:I know this is something everyone worries about. Well, we brought everything with us. Even as prepared as we were, we both still got a little sick (mostly stomach). Fortunately, it only lasted less than a day. No need trying to pinpoint what happened. Just bring stuff with you in case you do get sick (Pepto, Immodium, etc).Other Advice/Comments:If you are American, realize that you are the minority. So what??? Deal! We really enjoyed being together and investing our time together. Also, just read the other reviews and prepare yourself. Have fun!!! Remember...this is your vacation...don't let anyone ruin it for you. With a beach as beautiful as this, I don't know how anyone could not enjoy themselves. If you have kids, there is plenty to do for them. If you need assistance, just go to the Help Desk. It's right next to the front desk. The people that work it speak English and can help you (assuming you speak English). They are very nice. We chose not to do any of the excursions, so we can't comment on them.If you go....Have a Blast!!!!!!! Relax!!!! Enjoy yourselves!!!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>sdfsdfs
<Content>From Holland: Fantastic! (Ignore the bad reviews) Dear Punta Cana visitors,Here you find a very positive review from a couple from Holland. From 5 till 20 July 2006 we have stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach hotel in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. We had a really great time, it was fantastic!!I haven鈥檛 placed a review on the internet before, but in this case I do, at least to put some balance between the negative experiences of some people and the fantastic experiences like ours.I myself have also used this website and reviews prior to our holiday to help us choose a hotel and although I had become very enthusiastic about the Bavaro Beach hotel (from the pictures in the travel guides), I would have almost gotten doubts after reading some negative experiences.I cannot judge other people鈥檚 negative the experiences, but I c谩n emphasize the fact that we simply have had a fantastic experience and that I, looking back, could have saved myself those doubts by not taking the negative reviews too seriously, or even better, ingoring them at all.We are close to thirty and have already made several beautiful holidays to all kind of destinations, but always with the notion that we were in a another country, with other uses, habits, other people and another culture and that this is the charm of traveling. When you realize that, you can enjoy your holiday very easily with the tropical surroundings and the notion that you are on the other side of the world, where everything goes a little different and a bit more relax....that is holiday!My point is that Punta Cana and the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Hotel, is a fantastic place for a two week stay and to treat yourself on great food, splendid tropical surroundings, nice hotel-chambers next to the palm beach, rest for the rest seeker and recreation for the active holiday seeker, beautiful shows in the evenings (even 1x week a cinema!) and all other things that make your holiday complete and that make you feel like al very lucky person just to be able to be in that place.A big staff that all work for your pleasure and comfort. (and just like in the US and in Holland: if you are kind to people, then they are also kind to you.)A big plus of the Barcelo-hotels is that it is very large resort, with 5 hotels, where you can go wherever you please (eating and drinking in the Palace-hotel is only for Palace-guests). The complex never gets boring by its size and many guests, you can eat in many buffet- and a la carte-restaurants in the several hotels and therefore you imagine yourself frequently in a beach village, instead of in a single hotel.The hotel is mainly visited by people from South-America and that is nice for Europeans like us. It鈥檚 nice for the tropical atmosphere.Although you are on the East point of the Dominican Republic (there are the tropical white beaches), there are enough excursion possibilities, both on land and on water. (we visited the capital, made a beautiful inland/city-trip and a snorkeling-trip, including nurse sharks!)I hope that this travel experience helps some people (that still have to pick a hotel), to choose for the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Hotel, because this truly is a fantastic place and definitely worth the money.We hade a great time there!We wish you also a great time in Punta Cana.Roy  IrisHolland, august 2006  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Procat
<Content>The Worst!!!!!! My husband and I decided to get away over Memorial Day weekend and picked PC for the great ad MK tours ran in the Miami Herald. What a mistake - buy cheap, get cheap. My husband spoke some Spanish, good thing as this is the only language spoken. On the tour bus from the airport to hotel we had no info on the resort as English was not a part of the intro. We arrived at 1pm - room not ready til 5:30. We were actually better waiting on the beach than being in the room - old, shabby, leaky, mold, forget about calling lobby to complain - no results. We had been promised a beach front room-didn't happen. By the second evening both my husband and I were ill. We have been to most Caribbean islands, Mexico and overseas but have never been this ill. We were so careful only to eat cooked food and bottled water but to no avail. We paid $200. each to rebook and leave the island as we were afraid to eat any more of the food or drink their bottled water. The lines in customs went on forever, no a/c, making this the final insult. There are so many other great places to vacation - this is not one of them no matter what you read. My advice - do your homework!!! Next time we will!!!!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bugerheadjohnson
<Content>American beware! Make sure you have someone that speaks Spanish. Be ready for out of dale furnishings. Look out for BED BUGS! (They were constantly changing matresses from room to room.) The only way we made it was our friends........we had 13 people with us. The food is nothing like home..........pack snaks. The beaches are beautiful though!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	1	2	

<Author>Benbdhero
<Content>Taken for a mug!!!! We have just returned from 12 days at the beach, this cost us a fair ammount. A waste of money is one thing but to be angry as well.The staff are lazy..... If you dont speak spanish dont go, you Will ignored.Our room was damp,The front desk said SO!!! The Trips are the biggest waste of money went swimming with the dolphins which was hectic, we paid for the private video of us, just put in the computer and it doesn't work.The hotel is over run with young drunk kids and when asked to be quiet in the early hours the security say they will deal, they dont!!The food is average, prepare for the upsets.Quad bikes are good fun,Take thermos mugs, the flimzy little plastic ones you get are poor.Best pool is at the casino, the others play loud spanish music all day and night, nothing but in the whole restort and you are hassled by the massage girls all day.The beach is very clean, and kept that way.Buffet the safest place to eat asap opens and steak house best resteraunt for the basics.We left the resort feeling let down and ripped off,they made an effort to ignore the non-spanish speaking people, we used a little and were still left waiting.On the plus side we both got a very good tan and relaxed on the beach most of the timeill try to add a few pics soon!!!!Gutted!!!!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Miami_Traveler_76
<Content>Do Not Waste Your Hard Earned Money! I stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort with my girlfriend from April 10-14, 2006. I read the mixed reviews from people who had traveled there but thought that you can't please everyone all the time. I have been to a few places before where some people loved and some hated, but always managed to have a good time. This time, that was definitely not the case. To sum up everything below: This was truly the worst vacation I've ever had in my life!We arrived at this 4 Star resort, and check in went just fine. We were taken to our room, and everything looked very clean. Aside from the bed, which was like sleeping on a dinner table with a 1 inch foam pad, we were satisfied at first glance.We did notice that the room was rather warm for a Tropical climate, and this is where our troubles began. We called downstairs 2 times about the broken A/C, then brought a member of the cleaning staff into our room, who called for maintenance as well. We then went to speak to our onsite travel agent (MK TOURS), who also called for assistance. Afte all this failed, I had to personally go down to the front desk and basically lose my cool for them to fix our a/c or change our room. They finally decided to change our room at about 11:00 pm (after trying for 30 minutes to fix the unit first). The second room we went to was also clean, but after 20 minutes we realized that this a/c did not work either. They came back up to our room to try to fix this unit as well, then moved our room once again. By this time it was after midnight, and we were tired of this ordeal (we arrived at the hotel at 1pm).This 3rd and final room was not clean and kept like the other 2 rooms, it was truly disgusting! There were stains on the bedsheets, and the toilet in the bathroom leaked water on the floor whenever it was flushed. This room was on the 1st floor, but the screen door did not lock properly, which made me feel unsafe leaving my belongings in the room. Also, ironically, this room had an a/c problem as well. This room was unbearably cold, and we had to alternate having the unit on and off just to be able to sleep in this room (I guess this is what we got for complaining about the other rooms being hot). This issue with the room was never fixed, so we just had to wait out our week in this uncomfortable manner.Next was the food. Some of the restaurants were inedible (Italian), and some were just bad. No matter what we ate though, we just kept getting sick. This was even worse because the toilet in our room would leak the more that we flushed it. It may be the lack of a/c in the dining areas, but the food made us violently ill through the entire trip. This is also made more unpleasant by the fact that the public restrooms in all of the Barcelo resorts are extremely dirty and do not have a/c.Finally, the service. I am Puerto Rican, and my girlfriend is Cuban, so there was no language barrier. We spoke to the staff in Spanish, but were still greeted with the same disrespect as you will read about in other reviews from non-spanish speaking people. The staff at this resort complex does not want to be there, and it shows! They were rude when they spoke to us, and we were ignored on more than one occasion. What is the deal with that?All in all, this vacation was an incredible waste of time and money. I did not have an enjoyable time by any stretch of the imagination, and would warn anyone that is planning a trip to this destination to truly think about it twice. You may read plenty of reviews from people that had a great time, but what if you are unlucky like me and many other people I spoke to while I was there? You may spend a week like I did, just wishing you were home. It is sad really. I thought vacations were supposed to be carefree and relaxing. I came back from this trip glad to be back at work, and wishing I had my hard earned money back in my pocket. I will never return to this Island, and definitely NEVER back to the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort again!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>Yasmina1
<Content>Amazing!!!!!       Beautiful Beach  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	1	5	5	

<Author>mamade11
<Content>Don't believe the bad reviews We stayed at the Bavaro Beach Resort from 6/28 thru 7/5. Two adults, three children 24,21 and 13. I was pleasantly surprised after reading some of the bad reviews over the last month.Started out, we booked at the Caribe, but were brought to the Beach by our shuttle, and they booked us there. Check is was fast and courteous. The caribe and beach are so close, it took me two days to realize I was in a different hotel than I thought. The room was nice, none of the terrible things that I was expecting. My biggest complaint was not enough lighting, and not quite cool enough, but it was very hot there during the week.The resort's grounds are beautiful and well taken care of. The beaches are absolutely breathtaking. The entire staff in my opinion, went out of their way to be kind, especially if you said hi first. I speak no Spanish, but managed to get across what I needed by learning the basics. A large percentage of the staff did know basic English, but appreciated if I tried to speak their language. Let's not forget, we are the visitors in their country, they should not have to know other languages, even though many did.I am a picky eater, but did manage to find food I liked. The buffet was ok, if you like seafood, you should be very happy. There is a station at all meals that will cook your food to order (grilled meats, omlettes for breakfast etc.)The Steakhouse and Italian were very good, Mexican ok, and the Beach grill (La Uva) was also great for shrimp and lobster, but only during lunch. I know the resort was All Inclusive, but I also believe that if I get good service, I tip. I did tip the maids, guy who brought the water, and bartenders, but I believe I would have had the same service even if I had not tipped. Watch in the bars, if you order a drink, you do not get alcohol if you don't ask. That confused me at first, but once I figured it out, I just always added with rum and there was not a problem. Sometimes the bars are very busy, so u may have to wait a few minutes, so bring a larger cup with you, and they will fill it. I did notice, sometimes drinks were different every time I ordered, banana daquiri was tan, brown then pink - all from the same bartender, but again, was not a big deal.We tried to be careful not to drink the water and to watch what we ate, but all five of us got sick at one point during the trip, but nothing that ruined the trip. Bring medication with you, if you have to get it, it is very expensive there.Trips - We went on the Jeep Safari which was a blast, you drive your own jeep with a guide and tour the country, horse back ride, visit a dominican home, etc. Long day, but well worth it. We also snorkeled with sharks and stingrays, that was fun also.Down at the end of the resort (northern end) was a flea market, you can buy many things there much cheaper than at the hotel. Bargain with them, you can usually get the product for at least 1/2 of what they start out with, maybe even more. All in all, I think it was one of the best vacations I ever took, especially for the price. I've been to many resorts that charged much more, and did not have anywhere near the activities this resort did. Eight days, and I don't think we did it all.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again will I go back. The service was horrible and the food horrendous. We went with a crew of media of a radio station and they all including my room had a leak problem. We all got sick from our stomach because of the disgusting food. The beds were hard as plywood. Most of the staff had attitudes and were unfriendly. I have never on vacation and wanting to come back home so bad.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Slife
<Content>You be the Judge! Hello travelers! My husband and I just returned from the Barcelo Beach Resort along with my sister and her husband. We are ages 26, 33, 37, and 37. We stayed at the resort from July 1st-July 5th. I'm not going to tell you whether you should or shouldn't go to this resort because everyone's expectations are different. My sister and husband would probably give it a 10 out of 10. My husband and I have traveled more extensively so we would rate it more on the average side. What I would like to do is share with you what we experienced during our stay both good and bad. Then you can be the judge on whether you would like to visit the resort.CHECK-IN - Absolutely HORRIBLE! We arrived at 2pm with all our luggage and the front desk was a fiasco. Once we filled out the paperwork, we were told it would be another hour before we actually got the key to our room. Considering we had traveled all day, were hot, and had all of our luggage, this was a bummer. So we went to a restaurant to get a bite to eat. When we returned to the front desk, it took another 1 1/2 hour to get the keys. People were furious. The front desk staff was non-existent and could care less who got helped in which order. I'm somewhat aggressive so it's not like I was standing back letting people cut in front of me. There were only 2 people helping what seemed to be about 50 people wanting to check-in. Once we finally got the keys to our rooms, we trudged our luggage two buildings over to find out that they were already occupied and people were inside relaxing. Now I was really furious. We had to trudge our luggage all the way back to the front desk and get in the middle of the fiasco again. This was not a good start to our vacation. My husband tipped a bell-boy to go back behind the counter to get us some help since we don't speak spanish. We finally got two keys for two rooms 3 hours after arrival in rooms that weren't oceanview as requested. This was my sister's 15th year anniversary so I wanted it to be special. The location of our second rooms wasn't too bad because they were located right by the pool and the lobby with easy walking distance to most places but still wasn't the ocean view I wanted. If you visit this resort, I STRONGLY urge you not to arrive on Saturday or Sunday. These days seemed way more busy for check-in and check-out then during the week. Save yourself the trouble of starting off the vacation on a bad note.STAFF/SERVICE - Some great, some not so great! It just depended who you came across. LIke I said, the front desk personnel was non existent but we did meet several pleasant waitresses, bar tenders, etc. that did speak some English and were willing to help us. Please note, that there is a language barrier if you don't speak Spanish. Most staff didn't speak a lick of English and we found it very difficult to communicate. Those that did speak English were very nice to deal with.ROOMS - Just okay. We thought they were very old and tired. However, after the check-in fiasco, we told ourselves if we had air conditioning and hot water, we would be fine. We did! The air conditioning worked great to the point that we were freezing in our rooms. We had plenty of hot water each time we showered. Otherwise, the rooms were just so, so. No good lighting, rusty, mildew, static tv. Our rooms were cleaned very early each day. In fact, the maid came so early the first day that we were still sleeping. We tipped $2 each day and got the towels we needed, etc. The person who refills the fridge is separate and we would tip her $2 as well and we ALWAYS got what we wanted plus extra. The tips went a long way for us. Come prepared with $1 bills.BEACH - Absolutely amazing! We spent 6 hours the first day just laying on the beach. There were ALWAYS plenty of beach chairs and places to sit in the shade. There is a wonderful breeze all day long so it's very comfortable to sit in the 90 degree weather. The beach was cleaned each morning and the sand was white as can be. The water was breathtaking and very very warm. Bring your own insulated mugs for drinks. Otherwise, you'll be walking back and forth to the bar several times because the cups they give you are very small. And ALWAYS ask for alcohol if you want it. They won't give it to you unless you ask for it. There are kayaks, paddle boats, and other activities that you can utilize all day long for free. We snorkeled right along the beach. Didn't see too many fish but found a couple of star fish in which we had never seen before. My husband and I have both been to the Riviera Maya in Mexico and Hawaii so the snorkeling was bit of a disappointment for us.POOLS - Pools were nice. Very warm water. Closed at 8pm so don't expect to get a late night swim in. We had lots of kids at the Beach pool. Very crowded. We preferred the Caribe pool but spent most of our time at the beach anyway. Otherwise, they were fine.FOOD - Some good, some not so good. We ate at the Steakhouse, Mexican, Italian, and Buffets. We enjoyed each one but would say the Steakhouse was our favorite. The food is what it is. The buffets got crowded and the waitresses wouldn't clean off the tables for people to sit down. The buffet at the beach hotel is the best. There is a variety of food but don't expect it to be like American food. They cater to the spanish crowd. 3 out of the 4 of us did end up getting sick with diarrhea and cramping. My husband and brother-in-law were more risky and ate the salads, fruit, vegetables in which I stayed away from. They were sick the last day of our trip all day long and sick while traveling home. I can't say for sure if my sickness is from the food as I have IBS and it is expected from me. My suggestion is to PLEASE just be sensible with what you eat. Don't ruin your vacation by getting sick. Eat smaller portions.EXTRAS - We ended up getting our pictures professionally taken on the beach which are some of my most favorite pictures. We bought a CD for $30 which included 21 photos of us plus 42 additional resort pictures. Well worth it! The photographers name is Marty and she was very nice.ACTIVITIES - Didn't go to the Disco. The casino was horrible. Not a lot of variety and hardly any people utilizing it. The most in the casino was 5-6 people. The dealers would even sleep on the tables. My husband and brother-in-law played at the golf course and said it was horrendous. Not in good shape and not very scenic. The minature golf was okay. Something to do and we had fun with it. We took a 2 1/2 hour excursion on a catamaran to go snorkeling. Like I said, our expectations were a little higher because we have snorkeled other places. We payed $25/per person. We wouldn't do it again.BUGS - We really didn't have any problems with mosquitoes. We did notice that the more inland you go, the more problems with mosquitoes. I would recommend staying away from the golf and casino resort at night as there is no breeze and more mosquitoes. I walked away with only 3 bites during the entire stay. Bring the spray just in case.ENTERTAINMENT - All in Spanish! They did have nightly shows in the lobby which we enjoyed but couldn't understand what they were saying. A lot of the shows catered to kids.CHECK-OUT - No problem because we left on a Wednesday!AIRPORT TRANSFER - We used a company called Rafael de Silva tours. They were fantastic. They were waiting for us at the airport when we arrived and returned to the hotel to take us back to the airport right on time. We payed $35 each way for 4 people. You won't find much cheaper than that and you get a private, air conditioned bus. If you go through Barcelo, it's $60 for 4 people one way. Definitely recommend Rafael's service. You can find him on the internet.TIPS - Bring your own sunscreen and bring enough. It costs $45 USD at the gift shop. - Bring insulated mugs - Bring $1 bills - Bring own wash cloths. Hard to come by. - Don't arrive on Sat. or Sun - Eat sensibleOverall, we had a great time but there are definitely things I would change. I would return to Punta Cana but would stay at a newer and more updated resort. My husband and I enjoyed the Riviera Maya in Mexico more so if you've been there and your expectations are similar, you might be disappointed. Our next vacation will be back in Mexico. If you do plan to visit the Barcelo Beach, we wish you good luck and hope you have a great time!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>KOULOU77
<Content>Honeymoon        Beautiful grounds  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>location beautiful; service not so great I (20yrs. old) went to the beach hotel with my boyfriend (19yrs. old) and 2 friends we had a good time because we made the best of it. we hit some bumps in the road when it came to the serivce. We made the mistake of only going down there with a 100 us dollars and atm cards. after the 3rd day of being there we ended up having to go to the atm which only distributes pesos and the vendors gave us a hard time exceping there own money for they wanted the stable us $ instead. unless you can speak fluent spanish i dont recommend you to stay here. there is a terrible language barrier. the beaches we a sight to sea they were absolutly amazing so no matter how bad the service we just appreciated being able to see such amazing beaches. the landscape around the hotel is pretty neat. tons of coconut trees and palms. the beaches were never crowded always could find a chair. our two friends ended up getting sick from the food and spent most of our vacation in the room me and my boyfriend stuck to eating rice and bread and we didnt have a problem. we also took pepto every morning. i would suggest bringing a bag of chips or cheese-its for late at night there was nothin to eat unless you want to pay 7$ for a small can of pringles. because we didnt speak spanish we had a hard time getting served in the restuants and reading the menu's, we met a couple from miami who had helped us out alot with translating. there was tons of free water and beach activities included in the all-inclusive package. we paid for one activity and it was worth every penny we did the bucaneros speed boats in which we drove out to the reef and snorkled over the reef and then drove the boats back it was alot of fun. i loved the enviroment and the landscape but the hotel itself was so, so it was perfect for what we were there to do which was to be outside doing things. The one thing the hotel did have was excellent entertainment day and night. if you are worried about staying in a nice room this is not the resort for you but if your there to just have a good time and be outside it was fine. the weather was ok it rained almost every afternoon and since the entire resort is outside and not enclosed there wasnt much to do when it rained. i would go back to punta cana in a heart beat but i would probably stay at a different resort as a upgraded type thing but for 4 20 year olds we couldnt really ask for more when we were there to party and chill on the beach. everybody who we talked to that got sick ate the fruit and the pork. the steak house and la uva were by far the best restaraunts. if you encounter a problem dont go raising hell because you will not be helped you have to remember were in there country and to respect them the same way we would want to be expected. the best place to shop was in plaza dominicana on the resort by the casino but you are going to have to bargain to get good deals. this hotel was a popular vacation spot for people in purto rico and cuba. be patient while your there and go there prepared to be served and helped slowly nothing is fast paced. overall i had a great time by making the best of it. remember its a 3 start not 5. it a very family orientated hotel alot of young kids.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>love it I loved this resort. The people are very friendly and helpful. They have nice service, love the Dominican food. I went with my mother, aunt and my two daughters and we didn't want to leave. The beach is wonderful with white sand the drinks are very good. They have a very good service with very friendly people, the rooms are nice we had to turn the airconditioner off because the room got too cold. The train that takes you to the other resorts is fun, we rode them all day going throught all the resorts. The fun of this resort is that you don't have to stay in the resort that your staying on you could eat and have drinks and go to the pools of all of them, wich I believe is 5 resorts all together. They have a casino and for those golf lovers they had golf campus two. The resorts are the Palace, Beach, Casino, Golf, And the caribe. I love all of them but I stayed at the beach resort, next time I'm going to the Palace. Very good service, and very clean people I LOVE THIS PLACE. I was going to share my pics. but my camara is broken.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Trapped in hell It took 2 hours to check in to the Beach Hotel.. since people are very slow workers there.Then they gave us an old and worn out room, it was clean but you can tell it has never been worked in.. the drawers were broken, the light plates were falling off.. My husband got sick from the food.. after that we ended up eating in the restaurants where you have to pay.. since not all the restaurants are included in the all-inclusive.Only a few of the restaurants have A/C. The food was less than acceptable, except in the ones where you pay.I think they do it on purpose, to force people to pay extra to eat decent food.My husband was there for a convention and the rooms dont have internet.I was full of mosquito bites by the end of the trip.I was trapped in hell because if you try to leave the hotel, other hotels will not let you in pass the security gate and the city itself doesnt look safe. So you are stuck in the resort and if you end up in a bad resort.. too bad.I will never come here again.. from miami  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>terrible experience just got back from punta cana on june 11. having stayed at the beach and palace hotels before, i ignored the poor reviews and decided to see for myself. we booked 4 rooms at the beach resort (the beach plus package). upon arrival, 2 of the 4 rooms had broken a/cs. they fixed one (it never really cooled properly) and moved one to another room. all the rooms had scratched tvs, old showers with low water pressure, and a look of needing remodeling. not what i expectedfor a  4 star  resort. that evening, there was no hot water in any of our 4 rooms. when i called to find out what the problem was, i was told they were working on iton day 2 we lost all power at 3 am. did not get power back to 4pm. when i asked about the generators, i was told that they did not work due to lack of use. by then we were fed up with all the probelms and demanded to see the mk tours rep. when we explained our problems to them, they offered to upgade us to the palace for $520 per room for the rest of the week. we found this to be unacceptable. my wife threatened to cancel 2 future bookings (which of course was a lie) if they did not act. aparently it worked. they sent us to speak to the general manager of the resort and explain our problem. he was very receptive and immedietly moved all 12 of us to the palace resort. at this point, we thought that we could salvage at least 4 days of the vacation. apon moving to our room at the palace, our a/c did not work. they came to fix it, but all they did was keep the fan on all the time. on a positive note, the beach and the food were very good. i dont think ill ever stay at this resort again  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun time had by all The day I arrived we went through a very hectic airport, with luggage handlers and taxi drivers aggressivly trying for my business. We got to the taxi area and for $ 40, got a ride in an air conditioned van for 8 people from a very nice man named Leo. While on our way to the resort I became aware I had misplaced our travel documents and passports and pulled over to search the van. No Luck. We proceeded to the resort where Leo helped with my checkin. I rode back to the airport with Leo and on the way, through a series of phonecalls, he told me they had found my case with the documents still intact. What a relief.Upon returning to the hotel I found we had a comfortable room with a view that was beyond belief, and our friends were right next door to us. From this point on we had a wonderful time. Of course there were some incidents where we craved the comforts of home, but dollar for dollar, I would put this place up against any I've been to.The food is just OK across the board, but my children ages 15 and 17 were able to find something to eat, so that was cool. I ate mainly fruit, which was fantastic.The entertainment was pretty cheesy, but I don't really get into shows anyway.This country is poor. I mean living in a shack poor, and you will see it on your ride from the airport. Tips are taken graciously unless you try to act superior instead of thankful. I saw both while on the trip.Smiles followed by hola are met with one in return.My children thought this was the greatest trip in the world. Their days were spent chasing girls from all over the world. In the evenings they were able to go on dates with their conquests to dinner, and then to the disco or the casino which were very generous with the ages they let in. I think the biggest thing the kids got out of this trip, was the interaction with children from other cultures.We did nearly get into a brawl at the pool over the conduct of someone's unattended children who got into a drink fight, throwing frozen drinks on each other, dropping the cups where they stood and going back for another and doing it again.These kids were the scourge of the resort and we called them the pack of hyenas.They left a pile of garbage wherever they went. Real pigs. I hope their parents read this post, if in fact they read.All in all, I gave this resort a 4 of 5, which I think is fair.Upon leaving, we followed the checkout rules and went through fine.Leo, as promised, was waiting to take us back to the airport.Trip Over. A special hello to the blokes from the UK.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Picky is as Picky Does Just got back from Barcelo Beach on June 1 and had none of the problems that some here had. I cannot explain it---either we were just totally lucky-or had a different expectation and laid back attitude--or a mix of both. Check in took 15-20 minutes. We were in our room at 3316 facing the beach quickly. No problems with the A/C, safe etc. Room is basic---with tiled floors--and a well stocked mini bar. This talk about rude service? I am sorry, but I believe you get what you give. Try to speak a little Spanish with a smile---and maybe saying their name from their nametags-and then try to tell me they are rude. Bet it changes everything. The staff is on 11 days and off 3 days---and live on the resort. Try those conditions. You want better labor conditions so everyone does Smiley without any effort from you? Pay ALOT more somewhere else. This vacation is a great deal anyway you slice it. I NEVER had a problem with anyone--but, hey, I am pretty friendly, smile, try to speak a llittle Spanish and give compliments. This might be too difficult for some posters here.Definitely make sure you bring enough tan lotion to last--with various SPF's as you get tan. If you run out--you will pay 4-5 times the price at home in the resort stores. Do not run out of film for the same reason.The food? The buffet restaurants offer various foods-some good, some bland, some overheated and dry under the lights, a few good enough for seconds. But every buffet restaurant offers FRESH cooking at grilling stations--fish, beef etc. You may need to watch and wait for a few minutes, but it solves the problem of any dry overcooked food.You do have to ask to have your pina colada with alcohol--but no problem to add it if you ask with a smile. Presidente beer was plentiful and not diluted. This is the time to try all types of cocktails--just ask for alcohol, por favor. Wine at dinner was not for me. I like Cabernet--and their red wine offered was like a light rose and served cold. You could pay for a bottle of Cabernet, but I did not do this and chose to stay within the confines of the all -inclusive plan. The steak house is very good. Pizza good. The UVA Grill on the Beach (as you look at the beach, the farthest to the Right) is the best in my view. Lunch everytday from 1230 to 5PM. Lobster tail, calimari, fish, shrimp pizza etc every day. Early in the lunch hours it can get a line--so get there before it opens or wait until 330 to 4PM. We had lobster tail for lunch four times over the week. Try a different place for breakfast to try out different ambiances and views. BTW-- no problem with getting sick either. Just used the bottled water and ate salads, fruit etc with no bad effects.Mexican Restaurant was not horrible. Margaritas were good. And the restaurant is freezer AC cold. Kicking back for chips and guacomole and margaritas was fine for me.Went once to the Italian restaruant--just ok. Never tried the lasagna.Casino gets lively late in the evening. Never saw anyone really win big. Beaches are superb. Pools are clean. One point--Dominicans on the weekends can buy a day pass for about $25 per person and can really make the pool area at the Beach resort to almmost overcrowded. But everyone disappears by late Sunday afternoon.Snorkeling off the beach is randomly interesting--saw a ray, puffer fish, boxfish, and thousands of fish in schools, and starfish. Sailing is fun. Plenty of chaise lounges on the beach. Far right beach past the UVA Grill is very uncrowded and private if you seek that privacy.Rained in early morning for 20 minutes one night out of 7 nights we were there. Had no problem with mosquitos. There is a Dominican market one step off the resort property at the far left --as you look at the beach---past the Palace beach. Very reasonable prices after you bargain. Do not be shy---start at 30% of what the initial price and smile. They will not sell you anything unless they make money --so do not be concerned of insulting them. I wished everyone Good Luck and always was offered a thumbs up and a broad smile. Larimar jewelry is inepensive and unique. Think Christmas and help out these industrious people-please.Did one scuba dive. Average reef dive of 40 feet. Chose not to go again based on that one reef. Not epensive. 5 dive package was about $210 with rental. Wreck dive available--but did not go.I used the internet desk in the lobby every day--$5 for 30 minutes. $8 for one hour. T1 connnection. No problems--just the hours of operation is not all the time. Tipped the maid a few dollars and two bartenders that we got to know over the week. All in all---this was a decompression vacation from me to get away from it all. And we did. The price was unbeatable. And, again, had none of the problems that some of the others here had. Relax, enjoy, be polite and not patronizing ---and smile--- and you will get the same in return.But if you want to spend 40% -80% more somewhere else for a better room and food--by all means go there. Would I go back to this resort?--Yes, if I got the same deal. I would not mind trying another one for the mere fact that I enjoy trying new things. But, if this is your first trip here-- do not worry about some of these reviews. They are probably more numerous than representative of the broad population because if you did have a horrible eperience, you tend to take the time to vent here. Most who were happy do not take this time. ENJOY!RL  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing I am a college student - pretty easy to please, so I came in with an open mind. The location was great, the company I was with was fantastic....the hotel was terrible. The service was very poor and I would never recommend this place to anyone. The power was out for most of a day, making it hard for water use.There were a few good things about the trip however:The rooms were clean, if you didn't mind waiting until the evening for it.A handful of staff were pleasant.Don't expect to be catered to or be able to get away with any English. That made things worse for many other guests.Food was decent. There was a handful of restaurants that you could choose from, some better than others. The Steakhouse was always booked, and most people steered away for the buffet, as the buffet was definitely not for picky eaters. Activities were available in limited numbers. Mini-golf, and kayaks were available easily.The trip serves a purpose if you are looking for sun and sand. Anything above that is just a bonus.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst service you can ever imagine!!! If you do not mind being mistreated, ignored, and having to beg for service鈥? You can visit this resort鈥? If you do mind鈥? DON鈥橳 EVEN THINK ABOUT IT!!!! We had to change rooms three times! We checked in around 3:00pm and the A/C was not working in the first room we got. We had woken up at 2:00am, taken two flights and we were exhausted, but they just refused to change rooms. After such a long wait and unpleasant complaints they acceded to change the room at 10:00pm!!! The second room was dirty and had footprints all over the floor鈥? There was electricity in the bathroom, but not in the room. It took my husband another half an hour complaining to be changed to a third room. The third day when we woke up in the morning the room was completely flooded due to a leak. The food is good, but the service at the restaurants is so terrible that you can not enjoy the meal. It took us almost an hour in line to enter the Steak House one night, and two hours inside to be served. Do not expect to enjoy the wait, no waiters around to ask for a drink, and if you do, they just forget. Do not bother complaining, there are no supervisors, all employees could not care less, don鈥檛 waste your time. The Mexican restaurant has better service, which do not mean good. You will be better of at the buffets. The mixed drinks taste good, but contain no liquor at all. Even if you tip the employees every time you order a drink, they would not add liquor. You have to request it every time you ask for a drink, but don鈥檛 bother yourself, because the rum is so bad that you can not drink then...... unless you want to pay for the good alcohol..... we just wanted a couple of mixed drinks so we ended up drinking water. The service in general was so bad that we decided to take tours every day to get away from the resort. We enjoyed the tours and the beach, but the service ruined our vacations anyway. We will not visit this resort again nor will we recommend it. If you plan pleasant vacations go somewhere else!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very good trip Ok me and 3 of my girlfriends stayed here from the 24th -29th. We are 26 and 27yrs old from New Jersey. I also read the horrible reviews about this hotel but was very pleasantly surprised. Our room was number 5336. A large, clean room. Bathroom was huge with a separate toilet area. We had 2 large beds. The AC was pumping, no leaks or mildew ANYWHERE! And i did inspect the room i must say. The maid service was excellent. We came back to a extremely clean room every day. Even my pajamas was folded! We only tipped once or twice our entire stay for the room. Regarding the stocked beer in our fridge they only gave us 2 but it was ok since the liquor is unlimited everywhere else. The beach is breathtaking. The water is warm and you can even see little fishes throught the shallow end. Its amazing! The pool is also good. Not to huge but it doesnt need to be since its never overcrowded. I recommend getting massages on the beach ($25 for 1/2hr). There are little huts right on the beach. Its such a relaxing atmosphere and better than any ones ive gotten in the U.S. I got them twice. I also got my hair braided ($30).Food - Ok if your not an picky eater you will be fine. You may get tired of eating the same things over and over but we were all fine. None of us got sick from the food. All of our waitresses included all the staff were friendly to us. I recommed the Steakhouse as being the best. The Churasco is great! The baked potato and fries are also great. By the way i ate veggies and salads and DID NOT get sick as others did writing reviews. The Mexican was NOT good. But eat rest. has its own little station/salad bar which you can eat from b4 ure meal came so no i did not starve the night we had Mexican. We didnt try the Italian and the buffet was decent. The pizzas at the stand were very good. We took brought some in our rooms to eat (late night). We went on the Kon-Tiki booze cruise which was soooo fun! The entertainment and staff were great (did not expect so much of it) and we went snorkeling off the boat. Now the disco which is open until 5-6am. We were there every single night for 5 nights straight and didnt get sick of it. The music is great! There is a BAD smell to the place but once you start feeling your liquor you will be fine. The smell kind of lingers from one spot to the next, but its alright. Drinks - All mixed sweet drinks were NOT good. Stick to either Presidente, Rum and coke (THE BEST), or you can even get Vodka with Sprite. Ow and if your a Malboro smoker buy cigarettes there. $2/pack or $20/carton. They have them when u arrive at the airport also they have them on the beach. Overall this trip was fantastic. Great times with my friends. Just be open minded. I feel like older people were complaining there much more than the younger crowd was. Just relax and have a good time!!Until next time...............  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not going back We just got back from Punta Cana. We did not travel there by choice (attended a wedding), and would never go back. Unfortunately, the Barcelo Bavaro gave us a bad feeling about PC. We traveled there with our 9 month old son-we requested a crib, and they brought in a filthy pack and play, that we would not allow him to sleep in. We were supposed to have a king bed, but it was actually 2 double beds pushed together. Since we were going down for a family wedding, we traveled with other members of our family- our rooms were supposed to be all close to each other-my sister in law was at the Golf (having to switch her room 3 times due to bugs and no air conditioning) and my mother in law was at the Caribe-not easy to get around quickly when we were that spread apart.5 out of 9 of us got sick on this trip! We think it was from the food (seeing that we never drank, or even brushed our teeth with the water)--the Italian restaurant was not good, we ended up eating at the Steakhouse every night-Mexican restaurant was ok. La Uva, at the Golf, wasn't that bad...but this was the first all-inclusive we have stayed at where the menu is the same every day-boring! The buffet was disgusting! We didn't eat breakfast at all (bring something to eat on your own). The beach is really nice-the pools were clean until 1,000 Domincan locals came and trashed it! Warning-this is a convention center, so many locals come here, trash the place, and take over the pool.The service is horrible, especially at the front desk! Good luck checking out! Maintenance is almost non-existent! We had a broken tv, called and they said they'd be up-we waited 3 hours! Then they said that they didn't have time since there were so many other complaints, and they'd come in the morning-they came at 3pm the following day!We tipped at the restaurants until someone from Canada told us that only the Americans tip--we did tip our cleaning service and left tips in the fridge, but one day didn't have any singles, and therefore they dididn't clean our room OR fill the fridge! That is not right!They do provide you with bottled water-I had packed my own just in case, but didn't really need it. We ended up having a canceled flight home, so United sent us to stay at Punta Cana Resort--very nice-would go back to that resort, and heard wonderful things about the Iberostar--spend the extra $100 and stay somewhere with little problems!  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>jenniferw70
<Content>Rude staff, dirty, out-dated hotel, don't use this resort! I went with an open mind after reading all of the reviews. I thought the hotel couldn't possibly be that bad. I was wrong. The staff was extremely rude. Tipping did not help. Often the tips were not even appreciated for drinks or dinner, but EXPECTED! I didn't see anyone else tipping when we were there from May 8, 2006, through May 15, 2006, and I assume it is because of the poor service and poor attitudes.We had one waitress who was cheerful and polite. We actually asked her if she was from the Dominican Republic or somehwere else because of how rude nearly everyone else was. Even the front desk staff was rude. We tried asking about the sunfish sailboats (which are supposed to be all inclusive), and were told that there weren't any! We asked further and found that there were approximately two for all five hotels! They would gladly rent you a more expensive catamaran though! We tried asking the front desk other questions and were never given answers. We gave up on that.Our room had a running toilet and a shower head that kept falling. After several attempts to get this corrected, we just gave up. The room was never cleaned well. Sometimes we would get enough towels and wash cloths, sometimes not! It just depended on the day. Our room had the dripping air conditioner and bad sliding door to the patio, along with the ceiling that wasn't quite right in the bathroom, like many other reviews. The hotel definitely needs updating.At the bar area you definitely had to ask for alcohol in your drinks. Even then, if you weren't watching they would sometimes try to skip it. Tipping there didn't help either. We received the same drink from them, even though it had two different names on the menu.I have to say that the beaches are beautiful. The grounds are kept very well, except for our pool area which had a light nearly hanging out into the water with wires exposed!We did take two excursions. One was to the Manati Park which was highly overpriced and the other was on the Caribbean Fesitval. The Festival is a boat where you go snorkeling; that was fun.The food was terrible. The steak house was decent but my husband and I both got sick beginning the night we ate there for the first time. Stay away from the fresh vegetables--no salad, etc. We preferred the pizza over everything else we ate.We have never looked forward to going home so much!  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty Good Trip       so vibrant  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrilble The food is not for humans. I had chicken at the italian restaurant and im pretty sure it wasnt even chicken. All inclusive at Barcelo Bavaro means he local beer, Presidente and the cheapest liquer you they can find. Most drinks have barely any liquer and the bartenders try getting way with putting no liquer in most mixed drinks. I had to basically haras them in order to get some liquer in my drinks after watching them skip the liquer. The people are very unfriendly and seem hateful of who they're serving. The front desk is unwelcoming and almost completely useless. A manager lied to me and said he wasnt a manager when i needed help. Everyone you ask for help tells you half hour or go to someone else nd nothing gets done. My bathrom sink was covered with bugs the whole time. My phone jack was out of the wall with wires hanging everywere, after dealing with the front desk i was scared to ask them to fix it. I went with my girlfriend and two other couples, most of our time wa ruined because we were sick. An employee tried seling me drugs. At a table by the entertainment area, there was a guy seling jewlry, (that was cheap and terrible) who asked my friend how muh he paid for his shoes, then told him to give them to him in a threatening way. The casino is a joke, you cant even enjoy yourself. I would try to talk somene out of going to this resort. Paying $1000 or more to get sick and treated like nothing is nt a vacation for me. Theres many other places to go and and until barcelo bavaro becmes civilized id suggest going elsewhere.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful trip! We just came back from the Barcelo Bavaro Beach resort in Punta Cana, and we already miss it. The beaches were by far the best part of the whole trip. Spectacular palm tress lined the shore, the water was a beautiful turquoise, and there were many activities to keep us busy. I was prepared for bad food, no english, old delapated rooms, and to get sick , but I experienced none of that. The food was good a lot of selection at the buffet, the restuarants had less selection but a nicer atmosphere especially the steak house. The staff were very friendly and spoke enough English to comunicate the bascis; I even took a spanish pocket book, but didn't use it once. There rooms weren't spectacular, but why would you stay in your rooms with beaches as beautiful as those found on Bavaro strip. The rooms were very clean and air conditioned, which always worked. The mini fridge was stocked daily and if you tipped good you got extra. Neither of us got sick from the food or drinks. You can't drink the tap water, but there is plenty of bottled water in the mini fridge and at the bars. I took the anti diahrea pills, a prescription of cipro, and many other forms of gastro relief, but used none of it. We did the trip to Manati park to swim with dophins and it was awesome, but be prepared they make it impossible for spectators to take good pictures at the dolphin swim instead they take the good pictures and then charge you 8 USD per picture. We shopped in the little market on the beach which was a barter only market, and most of the shops carry the same stuff. If you hold your ground and be patient they vendors will give in. I would definetly go to the bartering shops over the hotel gift shops since they have a set price and it is usuallly expensive. Make sure you budget for the extras not all the water sports are included and the day or half day outings are all about 55+ USD per person, we would have liked to have done more but we didn't bring the extra money or we booked too late as some of the activities only run on certain days of the week; for example, the trip to Santo Domingo was only on Fridays and Wednesdays. The hotel takes major credit cards, USD, and Dominican pesos. We tipped the cleaning ladies and the guy who stocked the mini fridge in both DP and USD and we also brought small gifts from the dollar store to give. You will get better service if you tip good. Make sure you ask for alcohol in your drinks if you want it since the beach bars asume virgin only. Remember there is a 20USD cash only fee to leave Punta Cana at the airport Anyway I read the reviews before I went and found them very helpful even the bad ones. We had a great time for a resonable price and found none of the bad reviews to be true. Have a great trip.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Hotel Do not believe the bad reveiws that the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort is getting on this web page - as soon as I got home from a week's holiday there 3 days ago, the first thing I wanted to do was to get back on this web page and put things right!Myself and my partner had a wonderful time there last week - beautiful beaches, amazing food (didn't get ill at all), wonderful staff, lovely rooms (no problems with showers / security box / patio doors not locking).This web page prevented me from looking forward to my long awaited holiday because of the bad (and very false!!) reveiws that the place has had. Please look forward to your holiday at this resort. You will not be disappointed I guarantee you!!  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a place! Beautiful Place - Grounds were well maintained and secure, even at night or early morning. Rooms looking over the beach but alot at an angle off of the balcony. Easy access to other resorts in the complex. Beach was gorgeous! Nice set up with bars, restaurants, pool, beach and other activities. Hotel lobby, bars and pool area kept very clean.Peaceful - I expected that their would be noise in the evening when I was trying to sleep but grounds/rooms were very quiet, day and night. Rooms - Service was very good. Rooms clean. Problem with sliding door fixed right away. Safe worked great. No bugs in rooms (as I heard others complain of). Ask for more of anything and you will get it - beer, water, soda, soap, etc. (Room had a card that you checked off what you wanted - card was printed in english and spanish).Front Desk Staff - Very friendly and helpful! Always with a smile on their face! One problem - After checkout we wanted to use the phone to check on our pick up to the airport and were told we couldn't since we were no longer guests of the hotel (this happened to one of the people in our group).Restaurants - Clean and full of delicious food. Plenty of choices of either steak house, italian, mexican, or general buffet. May not be exactly what we had in the US but there was a great variety. Bread was not always fresh. Breakfast had omelettes and fresh squeezed juice made to order. No one in our group of 11 got sick from the water or food.Bars - Very nice. If you are drinking mixed drinks you must ask 'mucho rum por favor', otherwise the drinks did not contain alcohol (or very little). Tried tipping but that didn't seem to work, still had to ask and verify each time. Waitresses nice and friendly.Internet - They have a station in the front lobby but there are only 3 computers (the coordinator uses 1) and it is only open from 9 am - 11 pm (or 10, not sure). At all times there were people waiting (sometimes it was short, about 15 minutes wait but other times it was much longer). Many people didn't even bother to wait.Cigars - Fresh hand rolled cigars on-site. Shopping - Bargain down from the original price.Golf - Very nice! Coolers loaded with whatever you drink! You will be asked many times if you want to buy balls while on the course. Language - Most people in the service area were fluent in English and other languages. A little spanish goes a long way.Currency - We did not have to exchange any money. US dollars were accepted.Overall - Enjoyable vacation and would love to go back! Some minor concerns, if not, I would have rated it excellent. Remember, you are not in the US; different language, diet, customs, etc. If you know that going in you will have a great vacation!  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Relax  Seriously, I am bothered with all the negativity I read about the food in thise place. I just spent a week there with my wife. We'be been around many places (Jamaica, Aruba, Cuba, Dominican Rebublic, Bahamas) and more than once and in 4-5* resorts. We've paid CDN$1080 each for a full week. Believe me, we got much more than what we paid for!We stayed at the Bavaro Beach. From all five hotels on this resort, I find it has the best location.ROOM: We stayed in Block 4. Clean room. Had just been repainted. Bathroom would need a little refreshing but hey, it was clean and I'm not going there to spend time in the bathroom! Beds were confortable. AC worked well. Maid service was excellent and mini bar always refilled. Have in mind that this place is 20+ years old. So it's not as new as 4-5 years old resorts. TV was defective but replaced the same day.BEACH: Beautiful beach! Many KM to walk! White sand. Plenty of palm trees for shadow. Plenty of chairs. Even if you do not do snorkling, you'll see many nice little fishes.FOOD: I read here that the Steakhouse was just OK and that the food is not very good. Are you kidding me????? I had tenderloin and my wife rib steaks every day at lunch at the Strak house! And the quality was very good, Prime A cuts (and I'm a meat lover). 9/10. Much better meat than what you'll eat at Friendly's in the USA! One of the best steak house place I've eaten at in the Caribbeans. The buffet (breakfast and diner) at all the hotels were very good and offered a very good selection. 8/10. If you starve there, you have a serious problem! Like I said, we had lunch every day at the steak house so we did not try the lunch buffet. But must have been similar to diner. The italian restaurant was not the best but still OK. 6.5/10. The Mexican restaurant offers a small variety but was tasty and the food was very hot (specially if you asked for it!). We ate plenty and never got sick. The pizza places (2) were very good. The one besides the Italian Restaurant is always less crowded. Very good thin crust pizzas. People who get sick is most of the time not because of the food but more because of a combination of taking too much sun on the first days and too much drinking. You want bad food? Go to Cuba! Even a 5* resort in Cuba won't feed you like at this place.DRINKS/BARS: I never had to wait to get served. Service was excellent and if you want somekind of special drink, just ask! You don't speak Spanish? So what! They understand Rhum, Vodka, juice etc....Of course if there is 30 people at the bar and all are asking for 4 different drinks, you may have to wait! Not different than if you go to a crowded bar in Montreal or New York or anywhere else!LANGUAGE: True, most of the staff doesn't speak English. They speak Spanish. It's the language of this country! What do you expect? They understand a few words, some speaks a bit more than others but if you smile they'll do their best to please you. Very friendly people. It doesn't hurt to smile at them! To all of those who are complaining about the language, here's my advice: Stay home in your own little world! Or pay the $1000 extra per person and go to the Bahamas or Barbados.SHOWS: The show at the Casino (Tropicallissimo) was very entertaining, You wnat Vegas type shows? GO TO VEGAS! All the night shows by the resorts crew were OK. The ones where the show is with people from the audience, you can skip those (as you would in Cuba, Aruba, Jamaica or any other place!)NEGATIVE: Can't say a bad thing about this place. Only warning, if you gonna spend a lot of time at the beach bring some kind of insect repellent because there is sand fleas.Overall, a very pleasant stay, great temperature (24C evening, 30C day with nice little breeze). Would definetely go back.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AmyRenee
<Content>Amazing Beach, 3 star resort My husband and I just got back from a 7 night stay at the Barcelo Beach resort. We had never been to Punta Cana before, and found this all inclusive hotel through Liberty Travel. We paid $1600 each from Boston for 7 nights, which we do feel it was a bit too much for this resort. It was more worth around $1100 for 7 nights, we definatly overpaid.Pro's:- The beach was truly beautiful. Nice white sand, always plenty of chairs available, and calm clear waters and a soft breeze. Many palm trees everywhere! We actually always went down to the furthest right section of the beach where the GOLF resort had a beach grille that was part of the all inclusive. This spot was most definately the nicest section of beach, the most private, the least children playing, and there was the benefit of the beach grill and bar right in that spot which worked out perfect for lunch. The bar there is never crowded and it has the feel of a smaller more intimate resort. I wouldn't recommend sitting in front of the Caribe or Beach resorts since they are the opposite of this.- The Pools were nice, we liked the pool at the Casino the best. Very clean, always quiet with lots of privacy.- The drinks were yummy, although most of the pina coladas and strawberry banana daquaries and margaritas I had were without alcohol. We found out later that you specifically have to ask them to put alcohol in it if you are to get some.-The Spanish restaraunt La Fuente at the Casino was very good, and quite elegant in decoration compared to the 3 all inclusive restaraunts. We got a free gift certificate left in our room one day to go there, and I would recommend it. The medallions there were amazing, nice cut of meat.- There is a cool bunch of pink flamingos at the Casino resort - check them out- Golf course seemed very nice- Maid service and mini bar service was good, and the air conditioner worked great. - We were in a beach front room - 3000 series room number - second floor and it was a great view. Maid kept it clean, but tip her every day. - Massage $25 for half hour, $45 for 1 hour. I got one at the Golf beach, in front of the beach grille in a private hut. It was awesome.Con's:- We speak English, but no one there really did. There are hardly any tourists from the US at this resort. Seemed to be many different countries, but not the USA. This didn't bother us, but we had never been to a resort like it where all the help and tourists speak all different languages, and none of them are English or from the US. We did not get to socialize with any other couples due to this. And it was also hard to ask the help questions or carry on a conversation with anyone. - Tropicalism show - all in Spanish, even the introduction so not sure what was going on there.- Beds - the beds in the room are so hard and felt like a hollow crate with cheap polyester bed spread. Probably the worst beds we have ever had, especially for $1600 per person. This was our only complaint about our room.- The food was just okay. Not very good at the buffets. I did like the Yuca they served at breakfast though. We ate at the Beach buffet for breakfast and lunch a few times. We also tried the buffet at the Casino. DEFINATELY go to the Casino buffet above the other 4. It is much nicer in there, less crowded, and much better scenery. More ambiance. Once we discovered this buffet we mostly went there. Its a short walk.- Dinners - Loved the Mexican restaraunt - its not open for lunch , only dinner. Italian we could pass on, The steak house was decent - a few different types of meat available. LIiked the chicken nuggets. The pizzas were good. - Lunch - the Beach Grille was awesome. Gazpaucho soup, calamari, seafood fritters, and seafood paella were all amazing. We ate there 4 days in a row for lunch, and had the same meal. TIP - you have to get to this beach grille at 11am and put a shirt or bag on one of the outdoor tables. That is the only way you will be served at 12:30 when it opens. Otherwise - you will stand in a line until 2pm when a table opens up. Its very hard to get a table there, that is why we always got there around 9ish and went to that beach, and then reserved a table and ate at 12:30 when they open.Overall, we had a really really nice and relaxing vacation. Loved the beach, sea, and pools. Tropical drinks were good. Casino resort was the newest and nicest. Although the Beach resort had a nice spot. Do not stay at the Caribe resort - it looked quite run down.We did not like the beds in our room, and the food wasn't that great. Overall it was a class 2/3 resort. If we went back to Punta Cana - we'd stay at Iberostar or somewhere that is a class 5 resort for sure, since the beach is the same along the whole strip in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>localyocal2
<Content>Trying to decide which Barcelo to stay at? Most of the reviews below are accurate but here are a few things you may still be wondering about as I was when choosing which sell off to take. We (2 girls 40 something) stayed at the Barcelo Beach but other locations were available on sell offs. I was concerned that if we chose something other than the beach we would have to walk a fair way to get there. This is what I now know. The Caribe is my favorite for pool having a deep end which I find pretty rare, and the beach is a little more secluded but the rooms are just as close to the beach. The action seems to be mostly at the beach resort for some reason but the afternoons were lively at the Caribe too. The beach resort rooms all have a nice view of the beach. Most of the caribe rooms do not. All the grounds are absolutely beautiful with mature trees and flowering hedges. I was here 25 years ago when they were just starting out under a different name and what a difference in the grounds. The Palace has the best liqour and restaurants of course but unless you are booked there the only things you can share with them is use of the pool and beach, washroom facilities and entertainment. The good alcohol and fancy restaurants are available at a reasonable extra cost though. The Palace has a swim up bar which the others do not. The only resort not too close to the beach was the Golf but still not too far to walk and it seemed like a newer resort, the buildings were lovely and colorful.If you forget your bathing suit or flipflops you will have no trouble finding something to wear in the shops. There was a good selection of gift shops in the resort area along with a hairsalon and spa. In addition there was a nice little shoe shop with an extensive selection of colourful sandals. Restaurants: Best - MexicanGood - Steak House, my medalion of beef was the equivilant of a fast fry steak although it was still tender. Spicesdto not exhist here and instead of a vegetable you always got salad from the buffet which consisted of tomato, lettuce and some kind of weedy thing. Lots of dressings to choose from but nothing fancy.Worst: The Italian. Yuck Note that in the buffet restaurant we tried the pasta bar and found the linguini with white sauce very good. Ask for garlic, I found out they do have some hiding under the counter.Buffet: Try the passionfruit. Looks gross but if you like something tart like grapefruit etc you will love the passionfruit. I am searching for it in our grocery stores here. The ice cream always left me feeling a little queesy for some reason and I only ever had one scoop at a time. The only bran thing you could find was cereal. Take your own fibre if you must have some. Pack your snacks at home. If you are a little peckish around 3:30 or so you won't find much to eat at that time of day. Chocoholics should survive the week. I found a little something chocolate at every meal.This resort is very close to the Marinarium only a 15 minute bus ride and bonus is that we were the last ones to be picked up on the way there (our ride was the shortest) We were also the first ones dropped off from the airport and the last ones picked up due to our location on the hotel strip. Staff: It has been my experience on other vacations that when you have men serving at the bar and in the restaurant they tend to be more friendly and smile alot. There were mostly young women serving here and few smiled. Like one other writer noted they moved like little robots and personal interaction from the women was minimal. The men however were smiling and accomodating. The maids always smiled and the rooms were satisfactory. The safe is great because you enter a pin number instead of carrrying a key all week and it is included in the cost of your trip. Water was hot in the room even at sundown when everyone is showering. Coffee maker in the room. Bad lighting so bring your reading glasses. Tip: Bring your own towel if you have early checkout you will have to turn theirs in when you checkout and be left without one for the afternoon.Tip: Be sure to snorkel at the beach. I was surprised to see three large starfish in the water about 20 feet from shore but kept it quiet so no one would dive down and retreive them for souveniers. Earlier in the day I saw someone drying a small one they had dove down for on a beach chair. So sad. I also saw schools of colorful fish, my friend saw a stingray, quite large, and lots of little sponges. Do take the marinarium trip to see the live coral and the huge sharks and rays. It kind of looses something though when they are surrounded underwater by a plastic snowfence. Tip: You've read it before and here it is again. The price of sunscreen is absolutely outrageous here (48.00 US). Bring at least a level 45 and expect to put it on 3 times or more a day. My one bottle ran out the last day but I had a second one just in caseInterenet service available in each lobby area - 3.00 US for 15 minutes.In summary I would have to say that I would not return here again because of the food . Also there was a lot of garbage left on the beach each day by the guests. I was very disappointed by the lack of respect guests had for maintaining the beauty of the resort. Chairs were left in the water at the beach, garbage and dishes left behind even though there were lots of receptacles nearby. The rooms were very tired but not overly bad. I still prefer the Mayan Riviera but this was nice for a change.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First time in the Caribbean My boyfriend and I just got back from Punta Cana, Barcelo Bavario Beach Resort about 3 hours ago. It was my first time going to a hot destination, and it was absolutely amazing.I read alot of reviews before going and I kept telling myself I was going to write a review once I got home, as tripadvisor.com is a great way to get an idea of where you are going.We stayed at the Barcelo Beach Resort and it was clean, the people were nice and the weather was absolutely beautiful. We only did one day trip, but it was the best day of our one week trip. It was called the OUTBACK SAFARI, and it was a detailed excursion on how the Dominican people live and all about their daily lives. If anyone goes on this day trip it will by far, be the best day of your trip. All the guides are fun, and really make you feel like family. Look for a guide named Nacho, and tell him Tina and Darcy say hello from Toronto if you see him. FoodFor people like myself, who are fussy and picky about food, no worries. You will find something you like. My boyfriend seemed to get ill after eating at the Mexican restaurant on the resort, but the others, Italiano, Steakhouse and the Pizza snack were good. Steakhouse was my favourite. The breakfast buffet is where a picky eater will have their best meals!StaffAll the staff are spanish. Obviously. They know little english, but seem to get by. We were frusterated by them a little bit, just because they work at a different pace than people from North America. Its the Caribbean way, its how they are. The only time we were really not happy was when we were at the casino and a young girl working there could not use her computer for a cash advance, so, bring enough money!!ShoppingThere are several shops within the compound. If anyone is going to the D.R, I would reccomend looking at the prices of what the shop owners are asking, and then going to the markets to barder. I learned this the hard way, and spent $24 USD on a T-shirt and then saw it in the gift shop for $8 USD. Overall, I would say it was a really great experience, and definately take advantage of the OUTBACK SAFARI. Its an eye opener. It was a great experience and if anyone has any questions, email me.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>caribbeankings
<Content>Poor Value       ZAP - Wet feet and electricity beware  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good  We booked out trip through Sun Wing and our flight down  transportation to the hotel was all very well organized. At the time we arrived there were approx. 35 people trying to check in. It took 3 hours to check in!Our room was nothing special but it was very, very clean. We had a lovely view of the beach and the block that we were in was relately quite. The maid cleaned up nicely every day, our mini bar alway had a supply of beer, water  cola. The air conditioning and the safety deposit box both worked well.The Sun Wing rep, Amanda, was inefficient and indifferent. She had limited hours at the resort and was never there on time. All areas of the resort were very clean. There was lots to choose from at the buffets, however, some of the food that looked very inviting was actually tasteless. The coffee was good  the fresh pineapple marvelous! Certainly there was something for everyone. I personally enjoyed the pasta! The Steak House Restaurant was good and the Italian restaurant was passable.We really didn't experience any communication problems. The beach is beautiful and the water warm. We took the Country Adventure tour which was a real eye opener!! The mountains are wonderful and I enjoyed finding out about the growing and processing of sugar cane, vanilla, cocao and coffee. The visit to the school and farm house certainly made me glad that I'm a Canadian. It's tragic how some of these people live. The lunch at the ranch was delicious. The horses they had for riding were in pretty rough shape. I certainly felt guity for mounting up but the ride is very short. The tour was suppose to include a stop at a cigar museum to see how cigars are made but never happened. This day trip is in the back of the truck  very rough. I came back covered in grit. The tour guide Alberta, however, was very entertaining.Overall we very much enjoyed ourselves but that was for the most part because my boyfriend and I finally had time together. We do plan to return to DR. Should we decide to stay at this resort again we plan to stay at the Palace.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>switipi
<Content>Ups and downs Ok, here's the good, bad, and ugly. My boyfriend and I decided to go on spring break. Not the fall down drunk, irritating, frat boy kind of spring break; we just happened to be going at that time. We left from Baltimore on a direct flight to Punta Cana with USA 3000 airlines. Flight was fine. The airport is a grass hut, really small. Customs only took us a few minutes, then we hopped into a cab and went to the hotel. FYI- they're crazy drivers. They're not required to have licenses. Arrived at the Barcelo. Everything is really beautiful. Landscape etc. We couldn't see the beach right away. There are 5 hotels at one resort- Casino, Golf, Caribe, Beach, and Palace. There's a trolly that takes you around the resort, but nothing is too far to walk to. The Palace is what's known as a premium. It's not in the regular all-inclusive.We were booked at the Casino hotel and found out they upgraded us to the Palace. So excited! A nice guy who worked there offered to give us a ride in the golf cart over. Take enough 1 dollar bills with you to tip. No, it's not required, but don't be cheap. These people live in complete poverty. He dropped us at the Palace and we were really dissapointed to see the place swarmed with college kids. Thinking we had been lumped into the same group as them, I asked the concierge if they were leaving and he assured me they were on their way out. We were early, so they gave us bracelets, checked our luggage, and off we went. Minor irritation when we went back to get our room key; they get really busy. Don't lose your patience, just go with the flow. The room was really nice. Only Cold or freezing for the ac. The place is absolutely GORGEOUS!!!! It's the most perfect beach you've ever seen in your life. We never had to reserve chairs, there were always some available. They provide towels, but we had brought our own. We didn't stay in the room that much. There are always activities going on. We went kayaking and horseback riding. If you do the horseback riding, only do the hour long one. Two hours is too much. There's a market down the beach. You can get really great deals, but don't get too cocky with your bargaining skills. They still have to make a profit. Got massages on the beach. I would def. reccomend them. They're not professional massages, but it's a perfect setting. Go towards the end of the day; they used petroleum jelly. Kind of weird, but just go shower after. We didn't go on any of the excursions since we were only staying for 5 days. The beach was enough. We made the mistake of only putting on sunscreen once the first day and had to stay in the shade most of the trip:( There's always bottled water and booze a plenty. The absolute only complaint I have about this resort is the food. I read all the reviews before I went and was a little nervous, but had been to Europe and survived. The first days were ok, but the second and third nights I was violently ill and couldn't keep anything down to the point where we went to the medical center there. Of course they can't really do anything. I stuck with fruit and bread the rest of the time and no booze. My boyfriend had minor stomach irritation. I was thankful we had brought granola and animal crackers. The only reason we wouldn't stay here again is the food.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best vacation EVER!!!!!       The girls  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation!       The windy day or our departure.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth every penny!!!            
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>revreggae
<Content>take a cargo boat down the Amazon first! After reading the reviews it seemed that half the vacationers loved the place and the other half hated it. I wanted to go just out of curiosity to see who was right. Our conclusion- the place was fabulous; we highly recommend Barcelo Beach.Why the discrepancy? My guess is it's where you're coming from. If you only want to be pampered beyond belief and your last trips were to the Banff Springs hotel or the Greenbrier in W. Va., no, don't go. It's not really 5-star. If you stayed at the Disneyland hotels (like we did last year)or have ever taken a cargo boat cruise down the Amazon, Barcelo Beach will send you home raving. I read all the reviews; my radar antenna was up. In 6 days we did not experience a single grumpy Dominican worker! The lady who ran the kids games (soccer, olympics) was simply great. The pizza guy- cranking out 18 pizzas at a time, taking orders, making, baking, and remembering orders (as some unscrupulous types tried to take pizzas they didn't order). He baked into the night. I saw him early the next morning on my way to breakfast with a cart full of pizza toppings ready to cut up. The bartenders went nonstop as people lined up for drinks. For every drink they made, 2 more tourists would show up. You work in those conditions. I always received a smile and I ordered dozens and dozens of great lemonades for my kids. Random thoughts:Meals- average, true. The Steakhouse was very good. If you don't understand the buffet- have breakfast in London or Tel Aviv. Then you'll understand why they have tomatoes and salami for breakfast. Not everyone who goes there is American. Sick- 4 of us never got sick. Brought Immodium, Pepto Bismol, Cipro (adults)and Azithromycin (kids). Never used it. These are kids who went from horseback riding to the restaurant without washing hands. Number of mosquitos encountered- 1. (she's dead.)Mickey- waiting in line at the pizza shop I saw a mouse scurry out from behind the hot dog machine. What to do? a. scream and make a scene. b. quietly walk away and not eat there ever. c. Solicit pet names from the person behind you. d. ask the chef to add the mouse to your pizza toppings. Vacillating between #3 and #4, the mouse ran away. English- with many regrets, I did not use the Spanish I brushed up on. I never needed to! They all spoke good to adequate enough English. The ones that didn't got help. Sure, I made a fool out of myself pantomiming the difference in effect between regular and decaf coffee. Seriously, I looked for grumpy, vacant, non-English-speaking employees the whole time, and I was out of luck.A/C in room dripped. An employee came and emptied the reservoir. The last day, the toilet seat broke. Also the lamp shade was wabbly. Which reminds me for those complaining about dimly lit rooms and rooms without amenities. What are you doing in your rooms anyways? Get out on the beach or by the pool etc. That's what you came here for, wasn't it? I was suprised as I took long walks practically alone on the beach at night- where was everybody? I can watch CNN on tv when I get home. It reminded me of those complaining about the cost of a can of Pringles. What on earth are you eating Pringles for in D.R. when there's always a restaurant open and it's all inclusive all you can eat? You don't recognize half the food? Welcome to the Caribbean. Your bed is hard? Take a horse ride in the jungle, get yanked around on a banana boat, do the dance/aerobics, haggle at the market. You'll be so tired you'll be able to sleep on the floor. That's what you came here for.No rain the entire week. Not a drop.Thermal mug- one author suggested the best thing you can bring is a thermal coffee mug. Yes, I can definitely see why. Honestly, the thought scares me, so we left ours packed in our suitcase! But hey, if your idea of a vacation is stumbling around in dreamy bliss because the beach is gorgeous, the people are beautiful (foreigners and Dominicans), the mixed drinks and cervezas are non-stop and the food supply is gluttonous- well go on down, and bring your mug.I do have to say, in serious memory of Miss Halloway, I was taken back by the number of teens quite tipsy. My own 10-year old son was given 2 margaritas. Of all the places I've been in the world, PC has got to rank among the safest. Perhaps that's why parents felt it was safe to let their teens drink as much as they want? Where's the wisdom in this? Am I being judgemental? Well, Adviso: They used to consider Aruba safe too. It's a tragedy waiting to happen.Speaking of drinks, one thing I'd change was consistency. You couldn't predict the level of alcohol content. At the start of one show only the dancers and palm trees were swaying. 1/3 through my Tom Collins, the moon and stars were swaying too.postcards were 50 cents; postcard stamps $2.00! I read somewhere there was a $20 departure tax. Somehow we missed that. There was a $10 tourist card on entry.We were in the 5000 building. It was fine, no mold, bugs, nothing. We barely heard the disco and evening shows but were not kept awake. A drunk pounded down the hallway one night, but security came. The safes in the room were very simple to manage. Just check to make sure it's closed. 3 elevators all worked perfect. What else? March was supposedly quite busy. Our week was less busy. That may play into attitudes. We did meet people from other resorts who had a bad time. I can't think of anyone we talked to our week who had a bad time. Maybe it was our week; maybe it was just us. Some complaints mystified us, such as beer from the beach bars was only in plastic cups and not in bottles. Well I for one don't like stepping on broken glass... Someone complained about getting pesos for change at some point...Welcome to the D.R.Buy your souvenirs at the market just past the Palace. Have fun bargaining. Please don't trash the beach. There are trash bins every 50 feet or so. One 50 yard stretch was so littered one morning I started to help the workers clean and found myself apologizing for my American colleagues. They said it was the Spaniards. Whoever, pick up your trash.As for waiting in line at restaurants, the best thing you can do your first day is learn the rhythm of the resort. Every place has its pace. What are peak times at the pizza shack? Discover the slow times. We found plenty of open beach chairs every morning. Learn how things work. Before going down I was determined to teach anyone a lesson who saved a chair by placing a towel on it. When I got there I realized that that's just how things work, sort of an honor system. So go with it. (One guy, on his first day, took one of our towels for his own-I just saw it there.) That's o.k. By day 2 he'll catch on.Last thoughts- things I brought but never needed:extra bottled water- we brought a case (paranoid)and they handed out more bottled water you could wish for.sickness medicine- we were finea lock (the safe worked great)a beach towel (their system is so easy)spanish phrase book- never cracked the covercoffee grounds- their coffee is pretty good- and I've lived in Seattle the last 11 yearsbug spray100W light bulb What I wish we would have brought:more formal dinnerwear, high heels, etc. A lot of people dressed to kill for dinner.Powerstrip. We were charging batteries- Nintendo, camera, etc. Pack a powerstrip and recharge in one spot.If you're an average person, by all means go, you'll have a great trip. If you want to live like the Queen of England, this is not for you.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Mightyluvwarrior
<Content>Exceeded my expectations Stayed at Barcelo Bavaro Beach for a short mini-vacation April 2-5. Was registered for the Caribe hotel, but with run of the house status (meaning you can be placed in any of the hotels, depending on availability), and upon arrival was shuttled to the adjacent Beach hotel. I'd read the reviews--good and bad--and frankly was very apprehensive about coming to Punta Cana, but the Barcelo Bavaro Beach exceeded my expectations. I had a blast!I'd read the about the unfriendliness of the people (particularly toward Americans), but that was not my experience. Nor, to my relief, did I find language to be a barrier. Many of the staff are multilingual, and most that I encountered speak English. For my part, I made every attempt to communicate in Spanish (and my Spanish is very basic). A smile and knowledge (and use) of just a few simple Spanish phrases--the standard greetings Buenos dias and Hola and courtesies such as Por favor and Gracias--will get you by, no problemo.I'd worried about getting sick and had the full series of inoculations (hep AB, diptheria/tetanus, typhoid) as a precaution, but I didn't get sick, and I ate just about everything that was offered, including salads and drinks with ice.Had really wanted to go on the Saona Island excursion, but missed it (most excursions are available on only certain days of the week), so I took the Marinarium tour--basically a 4-hour booze cruise on a large catamaran that takes you snorkeling and swimming with the sharks and rays--and it was great! I'd do it again in a heartbeat.So, if this is your first trip to Punta Cana (as it was mine), leave your worries behind, go with a positive attitude and an open mind, and enjoy your vacation. I certainly enjoyed mine and hope to return to Punta Cana and to Barcelo Bavaro Beach.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>robert22
<Content>This place sucks - we will never go back or recommend this place! This place (Caribe/ beach /golf, Palace..) is terrible and is not up to 4 star standards. For that matter the Palace is not a 5 star hotel either! Anyone saying that this place is good or average accepts mold mildew as acceptable accepts poorly prepared food as acceptable. I booked this place first and then read the reviews. I called my travel agent immediately and had them get me out of this resort. The hotel was going to charge me also $500 to do so we stayed at this place. Once we arrived the problems started right from the front desk and were never ending until we left. Don鈥檛 go to this place if cleanliness, quality of foods and your health is import to you.There are lots of hotel in Punta Cana just don鈥檛 go to any of the Barcelo hotels in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated the Bavaro Beach The hotel is old and in need of repair. The rooms are small and don't even have drawers for your clothes. We lived out of suitcase which had to remain on the floor, since there wasn't even a luggage rack.Food was horrible. A few in my party got ill. People were not nice, probably because we didn't speak Spanish.Nothing to do. Shows were boring!!Will not return. Sorry I wasted my money.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stop whining! Four of us stayed at Bavaro Beach March 11-18. I do not know what people are whining about. So, you had to wait in line for a few minutes for the restaurant. Do you not have to wait in line for places at home? And, where did you have to be after you ate?The rooms were clean, fresh towels everyday. The staff was friendly and worked very hard to make the resort a pleasant place. Would you want that job? Count your blessings that you are able to afford such a wonderful holiday! We loved it.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>D1ane
<Content>Don't take too much notice of the bad reviews... We stayed at the Beach Resort for two weeks, and travelled with another couple. We were a little worried having read some of the reviews, but were pleasantly surprised. Check-in was no real problem, and the service was courteous. The bell boy took our cases and showed us around our room.The rooms were a little tired and do need updating. However the bed was comfortable, the shower worked with plenty of hot water and we had an uninterrupted view of the beach and ocean. The maid was good, and the mini bar was restocked daily. If you left a tip in the fridge, you would get extra!The beach was fantastic with clear sea. The water was warm, and the pool too. We did hear people complaining, but it was mainly very trivial. Our room was in block four and close to most things. There were a lot of single people whilst we were there and with the disco open til 5am and the casino 24 hours, we were regularly woken by groups of people returning to their rooms, or going to party all night on the beach. Ear plugs would have been a good idea.Sun rise was beautiful and worth getting up early for. The weather was great and we only had rain during the day for ten minutes (if that) just the once. Had no problem with the food. The steak house and mexican were good, not so keen on the Italian. The pizza take-out on the beach was good. The food in the buffett was OK too, but cooled very quickly. The alcohol was a little sweet and sometimes the drinks too strong. The entertainment in the evening was not as good as other hotels in the Dom Rep, but its what you make it.Overall we enjoyed our stay, but would not return to the Bavaro Beach. Would defintely go back to Bavaro though.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>funinthesun2000
<Content>Great Resort! Ignore the bad reviews!       barcelo bavaro beach  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MudChick
<Content>Loved It I just got back from a week trip to this resort. This was a beautiful resort. All of the buildings were on the beach. The rooms are not fancy, but honestly how much time do you spend in your room? The room was very clean and the miad and mini-bar guy were great we left a $1 usd tip and some little items for the mini-bar guy and got a case(24) of beer. I found the food either bland or too spicy but all in all it was okay. The drinks were good, but if you are ordering a slush drink make sure you order it with rum. We drank them the entier first day not knowing that. The staff was nice it helps if you know a little spanish or french. The disco is okay a little small. I found the security good there was always a guard around, we could walk around and did any time of the night. If you are bringing travelers checks the front desk can cash them into pesos thats it. The stores in the resort will cash them if you buy them. The dolphin island exursion is crap. They make you take off any jewlery or you have to put electrical tape over it, and you just stand in the water you don't acctually get to swim with them. The outback safari is by far the BEST escursion you can go on LOTS of fun. All in all the resort is wonderful, I would recommend it to any one and would go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>brookie58
<Content>Nice beach, terrible food. You WILL get sick My wife and I went with 3 other couples 3/13 - 3/19. Gorgeous weather, nice facilities, beatiful beach. However, the food, even in the restaurants, is terrible. Buffets were fly infested with ants on the dining tables.We stayed at the Palace because Palace restaurants are only available to palace guests. Did not matter, all restaurants were equally bad. With the possible exception of the steakhouse. Even so, any US chain steakhouse is much better than the Bavaro Beach's..but, at least it was marginally edible. One of our party got food poisoning after eating at the Italian Restaurant. Even though we were very careful not to drink the tap water, everyone in our party, and literally everyone we talked to, got sick for at least 36 hours ranging from mild to severe. You will get sick here, count on it. The best thing I can say about the overall experience is it still beat working. But..with all the other nice places you can go for $3K, better off to skip this resort.PS..A guy I work with stayed at the Occidental the week before..He had the same experience there.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Waiting in line to eat and drink, marginal food and poor service I have never taken the time to write a review but if I can spare someone else from the issues I experienced; it will be worth it. If waiting in line every for every marginal meal or watered down drink you want doesn't sound appealing; then skip the Barcelo resorts in Punta Cana. I stayed there during the week of March 6th expecting a nice, relaxing vacation. Unfortunately; Penn State started their Spring Break that week so the Spring Breakers were there drinking, screaming, running up and down the halls banging on doors every night until 6AM. When myself and several others complained about the noise; the front desk clerk claimed they had no room to switch our rooms to a quieter building or one of their sister properties on the resort. A few of us waited to speak with the manager for over an hour in the lobby and he finally agreed to move us to another room but it would take a day. After 3 days of noise and no sleep; they finally moved us to another room which was much quieter but it wasn't ready when they promised it would be. I wasted a few hours getting packed to move and waiting in the lobby for the room to be ready and moving to the new room and unpacking. I would have preffered to have the staff retreive my bags from the old room and transfer to the new room..I met alot of people there who were staying at the sister properties and turns out the rooms are all pretty much the same in all of the sister properties on the resort so I wouldn't waste your money on upgrading to the Palace or any of the others. The walls are so thin that you can hear your neighbor sneeze in the room next door. All of the sister properties had lines for the drinks and meals but the Caribe and the Palace had the best pools. However; if you aren't staying at the Palace; the only ammenity that is all inclusive is the pool; the rest you pay for.Don't go shopping at the Barcelo's shopping center which is located on the property. I didn't think I had a choice because I heard the DR was dangerous to leave the resort and needed to buy some cigars. I paid $300 USD for some cigars on the property and then found out about the flea market which is just past the Palace; a few days later as well as a cigar shop which were selling the same cigars for $150 USD. The locals say to offer them 1/2 price of their selling price to get a fair deal at the flea market. I also bought 3 postcards and 3 stamps on the property which cost me $12 USD. After mailing the post cards; my Fun Jet rep informed us that her friends/family never receive any mail she sends to them from DR. It's now March 20th and my post cards still have not arrived to Chicago. The Fun Jet woman seemed honest and offered to go shopping at the local stores for anything needed instead of us getting ripped off and the Barcelo or flea market. I had already finished getting ripped off by the time I learned this so I was done shopping. The beach was nice and so were all of the guests. Even the Spring Breakers were nice; just noisy and having a good time as college students do. There were a ton of Canadien's and European's there. You could easily spot the European's because most of them sunbathed topless, in thongs and wore speedos. Real nice and interesting guests..Get a massage on the beach for $45 for an hour. That was well worth it. Don't bother paying for the use of the internet in the lobby; the PC's are so slow that by the time you pull up your email; your 15 minutes is up. There are no internet connections in the rooms and also very few power outlets in the rooms. Bring an oversized insulated drink cup for your drinks because they serve the drinks in small styrofoam cups; just a little bigger than a Dixie cup. Bring your own Immodium AD from home because they charge $50 USD for a package on the property that would normally cost you $5 USD. There are a couple of guys who come around the pool and beach each day with an exotic animal such as a monkey, parrot and lizard to take pictures for sale. They were friendly, not pushy and took some great photos. If you are up for disco; the Barcelo supposedly has the best disco on the island. People who don't stay at the Barcelo have to pay a $45 cover charge to get in and it is open from midnight until 6AM. Those who stay at the Barcelo; the disco is all inclusive.As I visited each of the bars and restaraunts; I made sure to tip the staff and speak with them as an insurance policy to get more than standard treatment but it didn't work; they were still slow.I brought little gift bags of make up for the cleaning staff and left on the dresser each day along with a tip and a note to request more towels but they didn't take the gift bags or tips and I had no extra towels so I guess I should have learned to write the note in Spanish.Besides the beautiful sandy beach, turquoise waters and the pizza; I wasn't impressed. There are too many other islands to go to next time for me.Best of luck in choosing a hotel.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dated, Noisey but Clean Just got back yesterday. The resort was clean but is in great need of an upgrade. The beach was incredible but the rooms were dark and worn. In the morning, if you went to the washroom you could hear your neighbours conversation and morning routine as if it were taking place in your room. It seems that the plumbing vents are shared causing this problem.The patio door had a broken lock and I went and advised the front desk. From the response I got it was clear there would be no repair. Every night I wedged a chair into the patio door slider to prohibit entry. I must say however that the grounds were very well covered by security guards, there was always one in sight. I found it a bit curious that some were carrying baseball bats.The food was nothing special and started to all taste the same after day four. The servers were fine and we did not have a problem getting served at any restaurant or bar. With a fair tip to the mini bar attendant and the maid you will be more than happy with their service.The check in procedure was different than most all inclusives. You are forced to go through a twenty minute check-in procedure that is all geared at having a bell hop grab you bags and escorting you to your room.We enjoyed the time on the beach and we knew going in that every resort has it's issues so we didn't let it effect our relaxation and good time.If I were to go back to the Dominican I would stay at a different location. Talking with others a the airport on the way out we were told there are much nicer resorts in the area.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful beach, terrible food My sister and I stayed at Bavaro Beach last fall. We paid very little for 4 nights all inclusive and were very pleased with the grounds and night club, and the beach was absolutely beautiful. The food however was absolutely awful! They advertise different restaurants, but the food is the same in each just with a different name/sauce poured over it (literally) and the exact same bad salad bar. The buffet was awful, with food sitting out for hours and flies buzzing around. There are no snack shops at all except a pizza take out place that tasted worse than frozen. We were so hungry we were smuggling croissants from the bar by the pool every morning! In the end we ended up eating at one of the restaurants at the Palace hotel (not included) that was decent. Leaving the resort was not an option because to go anywhere was an expensive cab ride and we didnt know where to go anyway.Although we did get a great deal on the resort, the awful food ruined our trip, and I would never recommend this place to anyone. If you DO decide to go here, be prepared and bring plenty of your own food for snacks and plenty of Imodium.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed reviews...but overall a decent place to stay My wife and I returned to Punta Cana for our second anniversary. Mainly for the white sands, beautiful beach, and nice weather. I had booked through Cheap Carribean and thought that I was booking at the Beach Hotel. However, when I got there they were overbooked and the guys at the front desk put us up at the Casino Hotel. THAT IS WHEN THE FUN STARTED...NOT!!! They put us in a room at the farthest point from the beach facing the driving range. The room slept SIX people (it had a loft), was not clean, the sliding door did not lock, and the air conditioning unit was loud. I argued with the front desk and they moved us to another room in the Casino hotel...same thing as the other. They told us that we had to talk to our rep the next morning and were rather rude and condescending. So finally since we were so tired we stripped the bed except for the sheets and slept overnight. The next day as we are walking to the Ambar buffet restaurant in the Beach hotel lobby the guy at the front desk at the Beach hotel from the previous night remembered me and waved me over. His name was Francesco. Very nice, and good English as well. He had kept me in mind and said that he could move me to the Beach Hotel after all. He did and we moved out of the Casino hotel as quickly as we could. I gave him a $20 (US) tip for his help and we moved into the Beach Hotel, Room 2322. As soon as we opened the door you could smell the cleanliness. The room had new bed covers the floor was clean, and best of all we now had a view of the breathtaking Carribean sea. From that point on our vacation was wonderful. The food was OK, but nothing to brag about. Your best bet is going to the grills inside the buffets and restaurants where they make your food right in front of you. That way the food is fresh and usually tastes best. The Presidente (beer) was the best thing in terms of beverages. Do not order a coke from the fountains--they are always flat. Insist on a bottle or get it from the fridge in your room (which is re-stocked daily). As far as mixed drinks go they tend to be rather sweet so be careful with that. By far, the best part of the experience was the beach. Totally magnificent! Make sure to take in a sunrise or two while your there! You can snorkel, paddle boat, kayak, or windsurf right next to the hotel and it is included. You can also get a massage right on the beach, however you do have to pay $25 (US), but you get an HOUR! This is a definite bargain compared to anywhere close to where we live. Just make sure you tip them. Lastly, be prepared to see some skin. LOTS of Europeans on the beach and at the resort. They are not shy about their bodies so expect to see Speedos and thongs and sometimes some women going topless (all ages). Depending on your tolerance for such things it will at least prepare you to know ahead of time so that you won't be shocked initially--especially if you are taking children.In all we enjoyed our time there, but I'm not sure we will stay there again. If we did, we would probably stay at the Palace Hotel. It is the nicest BY FAR. We love the Dominican people and the coastline is always beautiful. I hope that this is helpful to you and you enjoy your vacation.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ny7chic
<Content>Read this review, all that you need to know!       This is what they make you look like if you get a photo shoot!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful place Food was terrible The hotel was very nice, beach was outstanding, staff courteous, and helpful. Many choices of restaurants on the site but the food was terrible. Not one good meal. For that only reason, would not go back.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly surprised       sunset  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Boboblaw
<Content>Six thumbs up for the Beach Hotel!! We traveled as a group of six adults from Boston staying at the Beach Hotel from 2/16-2/23. Everyone agreed they had a wonderful trip and would return to the resort.Hotelbeds provided punctual and efficient ground transportation both to and from the hotel.Check-in was a breeze. The baggage handlers even brought us all a cold beer while waiting to check in. The entire process took about 15-20 minutes. We had asked for 3 adjoining rooms. We got 2 adjoining and one down a couple of doors on the same floor. All rooms had a great ocean view. The rooms are small but ok for two people, each with a balcony or terrace which we used frequently. Air conditioning was fine. The only negative of the trip was a major leak from the room above in one of the bathrooms. The staff responded right away but were unable to fix the leak. We then requested a room change at guest services. We were referred to the manager, Mr. Tomeu Piza Romaguera, who could not have been more accomodating and took care of the room change personally.The weather is perhaps the best in the Carribean. There is a light breeze everyday to keep you comfortable. The nights were most pleasant also.Beach: Perfect, no more you can say on this. Don't worry about saving beach lounge chairs. There are plenty available. Rivals Grace Bay in the Turks and Caicos.Grounds: Clean, beautiful, well maintained.Pools: Crystal clear, perfect temperature.Serice: We had NO hint of an attitude from any of the staff. Housekeeping, front desk, restaurant, and bar staff were polite, efficient, and professional. They all had clean and crisp uniforms, providing excellent service without inappropriate banter and flirting. Tip if you are so inclined but do not expect the staff to kiss your feet if you do. They do appreciate gratuities and accept them appropriately. We did not see many people tip during out stay and in fact received some looks from others when we tipped in the bars and restaurants. Bottom line is to do what you feel comfortable with regarding tips.Language barrier: We found it easy to communicate using a few key phrases, hand gestures, and some patience. One of our party had high school Spanish and he was our translator....no problems at all...Food: Our favorite a la carte was the Mexican, followed by the Italian and Steakhouse. The Beach Buffet was excellent with many many choices. The La Uva grill on the beach was a disappointment, although we may be spoiled when it comes to seafood. La Uva was the only place you needed to make a reservation You needed to walk down there at 12:00 noon for a table that afternoon. Basically ,I do not understand the complaints about the food. No one missed a meal in our group...Our only complaint would be the lack of bar snacks such as pretzels, chips, peanuts etc..They feel that pizza and grill ham and cheese sandwichs are snacks..I guess it is a cultural thing.. Drinks: Presidente is a great beer. Hopefuly they will market it in the US some day. Mixed drinks were excellent most times. They offer a great variety so why not experiment. Saw no need at all for using large insulated mugs. There were very few people lugging those around the resort.Extras: We went on a no nonsense snorkel trip. 1.5 hours for $15.00 each. Snorkel equipment provided. One hour of great(many fish and coral) snorkeling was enough. Also went deep sea fishing, $80/pp. This was fun and caught some fish but please note that there are no safety regulations on the boats, did not even see any life jackets. Watch out for sea sickness, it is rough beyond the reef. We all went on the Banana Boat ride, $8/pp, which was a good time and worth the $$. All of these were booked at the water sports area by the dock. Please note that we were told that Jetskiing was not allowed on Punta Cana and we did not see any jet skis on the entire beach..Shopping: The Dominican Plaza near the Golf/Casino area was fairly reasonable. You should visit the markets just north of the Palace on the beach. You can haggle for jewelry, coffee, cigars, rum etc. A little further up near the Melia is He asks for Fernando for good prices on cigars and cigarettes. Be prepared for a little high pressure as the vendors tend to start bagging up your purchases before you have agreed to purchase.Nightlife: Ours consisted of meeting for drinks in the Bar Carey, then a late dinner at an a la carte, followed by a casino visit or a hotel show. The casino was better than expected, the hotel shows were rather cheesy, but good for a laugh.Misc: We found topless sunbathing to be not that prevalent and mostly practiced with descretion. What should be banned are the seniors in bikinis and speedos... a veritable nightmare for the eyes.Three of our group had beach massages for $25/half hour, cash. They all had good things to say about them.I would recommend the top floor rooms to avoid getting leaked on from above and may avoid the occaisonal red ant. However, no mosquito repellent needs on our trip. No bugs at all on the beach..I would recommend booking your vacation mid week if possible. We had no problem at all in the airports or check in. We did notice that there was a crush at the front desk on the weekend days...Overall the main attraction is the beach. If you love the beach this is the place to be. The hotel is well run but they need to renew the rooms. If you have booked this hotel you will definitely have a great time. However, if you a planning to spend a lot of time in your room you may want to look into another property....Please feel free to email with any questions...  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>i couldn't believe they wouldn't give us our money back When we got to dominican republic, the sun was shining, the palm trees were blooming and we thought we were going to have a great time. WE were dissapointed beyond reason. When we got there, we had lunch at the beach restaurant. Our food was cold and there were flies flying around the restaurant. Our beds were NEVER made before 6pm. Once, the toilet overflowed and it took the staff more than an hour and a half to get to our room(2322). When they(eventually)came, they were rude and uncooperative. There are constantly ladies on the beach trying to get you to come get braids. At one point my daughter(11) was walking and a lady started harrasssing her to get braids. My daughter was scared and I was angry. The staff never smiled. The food was always cold. my daughter went to the beach bar to get a pina colada and came back fifteen minutes later.She didn't even look at meshe said.  One night, at the golf buffet, we ask for hot water in spanish, english and french. The lady never came back after half an hour. The rooms were in a state of decay. About one eightth(1/8)of the staff spoke a bit of english. The showers had no pressure. It was simply a trickle you would get from a faucet after you turned it off. Once, when we went to get some towels, they were already wet. We were cheated by the boys at the reception, saying they had no change then giving the change that we needed to a young spanish man. I am telling you now:do not, I repeat, do NOT go to this resort if you want a worthwhile vacation. All this happened in a week.(jan 1-8)  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Denali
<Content>Barcelo Bavraro Casino Hotel We have just returned from Punta Cana/Barcelo Bavaro Casino Hotel. Beware of your confirmation from your travel agent. Even if you have a written confirmation, which we did, from Cheap Caribbean it didnt' matter. They told us we didn't have a room. After traveling all day/out of the country no room. They will let u use their phone to call the travel agency, at $4.00 a call, and u have to make the call not them. The hotel front desk was rude and look right thru us when asking any sort of questions. Thankfully we had a cell phone, which many people do not have, that is International useage so finally 2 l/2 hrs. later we got thru to cheap caribbean and suddenly they had a room for us. By the way, speaking to others, they had simlar problems, so we are not the only ones. The rooms are out dated, rusted in bathrooms, and ants crawl in and out. The setting is beautiful, overlooking the pond and golf course, with birds walking around. If u do not speak spanish, they look at u like u have two heads. Try to get extra towels, or extra drinks in your room is impossible. We tipped them, but never got anything extra. The sheets are old and worn, pillows and beds are old. The native people that work at this resort are not personable at all. They look like they are mad or sad or just miserable to be alive. Meanwhile they are at one of the most beautiful island settings I have ever seen. The beauty that is around them daily is magnificant, truly it is. But because they aren't happy u consently feel it, even when entering their country off the plane. If u go to the their Mall on the resort, beware, they will over charge u when ever they can. There is a outside Market right next to the Palace resort, which is an experience to see, but beware, they will come out of the woodwork to sell u there goods, kinda scarey if u haven't wittness this before. Now, the positive things to share. The beach is spectular, it's a must! No one bothers u . Peaceful restful and a breeze with lots of sunshine. The fact that u can choose Beach, Caribe or Palace to visit, for us was great. If I were to ever go back, I would only recommend the Palace hotel. It is 5 star and I think, not for certain that the staff there might be nicer but I didn't get info. first hand from anyone staying there. We were charged l5.00 USA for a cigar that we could buy here for 6.00. The food was good, not great but that was ok. We liked the fact that u can move around, go to different places. Their house wine is not worth drinking. Bring your own. When asking for a drink, as for Absoulte or u will get theirs which is watered down like the wine. Bring US dollars, you can not get US dollars from ATM there. Even though they told us u could. And the Casino will not give u US dollars, even though they told us they would, only for chips. No one gives u the correct version of anything there, u have to find out yourself after 3 trips to do so. Also, beware of the note that says 3 discos!!! We traveled with two our l6yrs girls. The front desk told us to go to the casino in the Golf resort, would be just what we wanted. WELL, it is the disco for the staff. Which would not be a problem for us, but the staff is not very nice people and they stared at our daughters and we felt very uncomfortable there. We stayed l0 mints. and left. Alot of teenagers from all across the world, which was wonderful to hear the different languages. The tourists were great, we enjoyed meeting others from all over the world, they made the trip worth while and the beach and sun. I will not go back to Punta Cana because of the feeling the native people give you. At the airport, the taxi ride (we got taken there too) the gift shops, the front desk, room service. It is a shame to see this type of behavior and if you are the type that people around you don't influence your moods, then go for it. But I want a place that makes you feel like you are on vacation at a place they want you to be at. They didn't give that feeling of warmth to us at all. They are poor people, but one would think that we are there spending US dollars, welcome us and we will spend more and come back. Not too smart on their part. Good luck and thanks for the chance to share this with you.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Times!       View towards beach from pool bar  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>some experiance We just returned from a ten day stay at the beach resort(rm.3308) I have to start off with we were very nervous when we first arrived @ the resort because of the reviews i have read. check-in was shady i gave the guy 10usd for a decent room and it worked we were in our room in less than a half hour.The room was 2dbls clean and a very nice side view of the ocean.The maid service was good and the guy that would stock the refrig w/beer,soda,water was great. we tipped the maids 2usd daily and for the water/beer guy we gave him 4usd daily he was the best very friendly and would give you what you need when you need it.(frankel) The food was not bad we mainly ate at the beach buffet you can always find something there you like.The best was dominican food night @the buffet and the steak house.The worst was the mexican and italian food.The service@the food courts was ok.(just remember to tip for better service) The bars were ok never left us empty but the drinks were not good so stick to the beer. The beach was breath taking plenty of space. we always had a chairs because i would reserve them every morning by putting our towels on the chairs. BEWARE of the 2day stay in santo damingo 5 starresort its free BUT you must check out. The grounds were kept very clean.The security on the grounds was a joke these guys would hide in the shade and theylook totally burnt out because of the long work days(so sorry) Excursions,we did the drive your own jeep one and that was some experiance driving with the locals(alot of fun) The tour was very educational and a great experiance,but what really disturbed me was the poor little children working in the sugarcane fields.These little children would run towards the jeeps looking for food(so sad) please bring them candy and school supplies these kids are trying to get an education so that one day they can leave the fields. Ther families can not afford to send them for an education. One boy was hanging on the side of our jeep almost in tears pleading with us to give him money so he can go to school.(very sad) People lets be very happy for what we have and stop complaining about vacation time in the DR These people are greatful for the little that they have. They are not really rude they have to make money to feed ther families even if that means begging you to buy from them. All in all i enjoyed every moment and i learned alot about the people of DR it was very educational. (REMEMBER YOUR ON THER TURF) So enjoy the DR for what it is an experiance of a life time.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing       look at the ceilings!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>relax its not that bad i have to say i was very scared after i had booked my holiday at this hotel and started reading all the negative reviews from people, but was very happy with the hotel. i absolutely have no idea what is wrong with people and what they expect. sure we had one big problem when we first arrived, we were booked into the golf hotel which we wanted for the 1 bedroom apartment but were told they overbooked and we were sent to the beach hotel. we were told this was an upgrade but to us that did not matter as we needed the room in the golf hotel as we had our 2 children with us, so i expected to get two rooms but no we only got one , so we were crammed into the hotel style room for the week. but i say 1 bad day at the beach is way better than any day at work. the rest of our stay was great. the food was very good, we never needed any medication at all. the drinks were fine, not much alcohol in the fancy drinks but all you have to do is ask for more and they will gladly top it up. service can be slow but where exactly do you have to go. your on holidays and have all day. there are alot of people to serve as it is a huge resort, if you don't like how busy it is at the beach head to the golf or the casino hotels where it is more quiet. there are no bugs, and is very very clean and always have guards on duty so you are safe. i am happy to recommend any of the barcelo bavaro resorts to anyone and would go again myself in a minute.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CDN_Beachbum
<Content>Pay for one, play at four!       The pool at the Caribe  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Concerned8
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised       The Golf Resort Complex  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>stylerchick
<Content>MORE Than i expected After reading some one star reviews, I was holding my breath, but we just returned from Barcelo Beach yesterday...really loved it!We stayed in bldg 4, 3rd floor. Had a great view of the beach, and we were next to the pool, buffets, bars and nitely entertainment; it's DEFINITELY the place to be for convenience.the caribe is next door, and has the best pool (aesthetically), but the outdoor bar was out of diet coke, limes, and a lot of things, plus their drinks were REALLLLLY sweet. Learn to say, menos dulce ( less sweet) and no azucar ( no sugar) or you'll come home w/ cavities! Even the vodka and tonic was sweet.The beach's main bar made the best mojitos ( limes AND real mint) and weren't too sweet.The Steak House had the best food; the Italian had the most romantic atmosphere (weak italian menu, IMO), the Mexican restaurant was TOO brightly lit=NO atmosphere, but fair food. I don't think they get garlic in the Dom. Republic. To be honest, w/ all the Italians and French, I'm surprised the food doesn't have more imagination!The disco is a 3 minute walk and doesn't get going til 11. The dj plays requests; it's a beautiful place. Take advantage of the free salsa dance lessons around the pool after lunch; they'll come in handy @ the Disco. ALL ages were having fun there!We won/lost/won/lost @ the Casino, but I saw ppl winning and it was great entertainment!If you want to snorkel, go to the beach shop ( where the paddle boats, kayaks are) and for $25, reserve a spot on you a catamaran that leaves @ 2:30. 1/2 hour sail, 1 hr snorkeling @ the SAME reef that the $79 tours go for and extra 15 minutes!1/2 hr sail back..and..oh, yeah, rumNcokes for 2 hrs! Wanted to do this several, but it was so windy NOTHING was moving in the water ( on purpose).It's not a 5 star, but..hey, i stayed in a Ritz Carlton last month and i didn't feel like i was slumming it!HAVE FUN!****************CAROLINE  WAYNE from Canada...please contact us( use this email)! We missed saying goodbye! :(  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time       Sitting area in Lobby  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Zavvy
<Content>Great Vacation!!       Happy starfish!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>k8tangel
<Content>Great!!!!       View from our balcony  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation I've Ever Had I went to this hotel last february for my break with my boyfriend. It was incredible! Definately my favourite place yet to travel. The water is unbelieveable....the water alone would limit my complaints. If u have any love for breathtaking views you will be delighted even if you don't like the food, etc. However that is not an issue. The steakhouse was great, I ate there 3 times in the week. The portions are huge! We honestly ate dinner for three hours, with wine, dessert, etc. The mexican was good, not out of this world, but still good. The disco was awesome! Most of the music was up to date, such as usher, not too much of that spanish stuff. It was almost always busy, and a good crowd. The mini golfing was fun, the casino, the shops. The show was a little long, but so much fun when u book a table with people the same age as you, and u get rum and coke the whole time! Who's to complain. We got lucky to get our room at the beach location, because we payed for the roulette(meaning that u could get placed in any part). It was the best location, right on by the ocean. This year I wanted to travel somewhere different so I booked for Mexico, I am so scared to go because all I am reading is bad reviews. So I hope I made u feel more secure with your choice. Because u will have a great time!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MaddVibes
<Content>Our Honeymoon My wife and I stayed here for a week in August 2001 for our honeymoon. I thought the resort was very nice and our room was very clean. We had a perfect view of the landscaping and the ocean from our balcony. The food was very good and they had many different restaurants and small grill type booths to get food from all day and night long. The local beer was very good as well as the rum and they would restock our fridge in our room every day. The staff was very friendly and the beaches were very nice and relaxing. The pool was clean and everyday they had some type of activity going on. My only complaints were that on the very first night at about 3 in the morning I had to run to the toilet in our bathroom and I was making very frequent trips all week. I don't know what I ate or drank but it definitely made me very sick. The Immodium in the gift shop was very expensive and most times sold out so I wasn't the only one. My wife got sick the next night and we had a running joke going all week about it. The Immodium did take care of the problem and we still had a great time. Just be prepared to bring your own just in case.My second complaint, not really a complaint just a fact, is that 95% of the tourists and staff don't speak english. The nightly entertainment was all in spanish and it was very hard to enjoy it when we couldn't understand what was being said. The resort was definitely geared for more European tourists than American. We still had a great time and the language barrier constantly reminded us we were in another country. All in all we had an enjoyable time. I doubt we will ever return but if you want to try out Punta Cana then you won't go wrong here.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bavaro Beach Hotel - warning! We returned last week from a trip to Bavaro Beach hotel The hotel was a huge disappointment - the rooms were old and tatty and the whole place was reminiscent of a holiday camp. Everything needed refurbishing. The staff throughout the resort were rude and unhelpful. The food wasnt great and we both gor tummy cramps while we were there. The drinks were worse. If you drink beer or rum you will be fine but everything else was just awful. I lost count of the drinks I tried and just couldnt finish. The cocktails some are OK but served in plastic tumblers was unacceptable. The Palce hotel next door was in a different class and we took to going there every day for meals and evenings.Overall a very big disappointment and we will not be returning to the resort or the country.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time A group of 16 of us went to punta cana from jan 8 - jan 12, (all inclusive) we had an awesome time. from the moment you step off the airplane, its 85 degree weather, and everyone greets you in the lobby. make sure you are paying attention when they take your picture so that when you are leaving you can purchase it. You take little buses to and from each location, which are air conditioned, unless they are open then you get fresh air. the drivers drive extremely fast but we all found it hilarious. We arrived at the hotel, and after finally getting settled in our rooms. - which were very nice, oceanview, air conditioned, full fridge. You get a safe which is located in your closet, and you get to pick a 4 digit code to lock your belongings in. My safe was not broken in to, regardless of what others say. just make sure the door always shuts. the maids are very nice and do an excellent job of picking up the rooms each day. The lighting is kind of dim, but who would care when you shouldn't be in your room that much anyways, since it is beautiful outside. The beach is amazing, very clear water. if you travel down the beach and end up at the market be prepared to bargain, these guys will do anything to get your money. A shop had wanted $25 american for a tshirt, and after bargaining with him I ended up with 2 tshirts for $13 american. Its when you tell them a price and start to walk to anothers shop is when they call you back and say ok ok give me 10. Just dont pay the first price they give you, talk them down best you can. The best place to eat I would say was the Italian Restaurant, they have the best pizza and pastas. Not the lasagna though, avoid that at all costs. the buffet always has a good variety of food, something for everyone. make sure you make an appearance at the breakfast buffet, that was very good. although a few of us did get sick from the food im sure, we brought plenty of immodium - pepto - and asprin. The disco is near the casino, and was SO much fun, which opens at 11 - 5 am. Mostly a younger age group.The casino does get very packed during the night so be ready to wait for a table, it is alot of fun. at least 6 of us won a decent amount of $$. (and i only bet $20)As for other activities there is parasailing which was 45 for one, and 65 for two. jet boats which were 56 i believe, horseback riding which is 20 a person. the kontiki party boat was alot of fun, you can go snorkeling off the boat, that was 56 a person. and the guys on the boat are hilarious. . it was a good time. Absolutely do the 4 wheelin adventure, it is AWESOME, 10 of us did that and had the best time, if you dont mind a little dirt then i do recommend it. its 50 a person, and its a 4 hour trip, you travel down throughout the island on the beach and even swim in a cave. Was definitely worth the 50. Overall the trip was awesome, and it went by really fast. the staff was polite and everything went well. weather was beautiful and it rained maybe 3x for less then 10 minutes. i highly recommend this hotel to everyone, its well worth it.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst vacation ever We spent a week at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach hotel. It was the worst experience. The service was terrible the staff was very rude. Heaven forbid if you ask a question they just stared at us like we were bothering them. Sixty-Five percent of the Dominican Republic's income is from tourist, one would think that they would at least make your stay pleasant, not here! The food is a whole other story. My husband has been sick for 5 days,myself for 3. Bring everything you need because the prices are unbelievable, especially bring Imodium AD it will cost you $5.00 per tablet, $14.00 for a bottle of Pepto-Bismol. The rooms were in horrible condition in fact the door on the desk fell off of the hinge when it was opened. The bathroom was full of red ants, luckily we came home to 20 degree weather so whatever criters we brought home in our luggage froze before we brought them in the house. I would never return to this motel, actually I would not return to the country.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>gip204
<Content>Bavaro Beach Good Times       In the Counrty  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great fun        Our view for 7 days  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved It i loved it stayed for a weekend and loved it  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>britnic0810
<Content>Disapointing       beach  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't give heed to the bad remarks My husband and I stayed from the 17th to the 23rd of Dec 2005, what can I say the staff friendly and always a smile helpful even if they don't speak much English or French but they try. The room was cleaned everyday the airconditioning well a bit noisy but your on holiday and are not supposed to spend your time in the room. The food no problems here The steak house by the beach staff speaking English and French, the buffets beach and casino good food and good service from the staff.The beach and the pools very clean, the gift shops expensive but at the other end of the beach there are the local shops.Swimming at Dolphin Island a bit expensive but not something you can do every year and Aquatic tours excellent.We looking forward to going back soon very soon (I hope)  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>biggirls
<Content>Great time at Barcelo Beach My three friends and I stayed at the Barcelo Beach Resort from Dec 7th-14th. We found the Dominican people to be very friendly. Eventhough the majority spoke Spanish we had no trouble with the language barrier. We took a small Spanish dictonary with us to leave notes for housekeeping. Remember people its their country learn to speak a few Spanish words, that and a smile goes a long way. The food we thought was excellent with a good variety. We tried everything and none of us got sick. The steakhouse was very very good. The pizza along with the el Presidente beer made a great midnight snack. We miss the beer and pizza. The fresh fruit was awesome. We ate well and often!!!! The beach was beautiful. The weather was perfect. Entertainment was great. The staff did work long hours and worked very hard but always had a smile for you. They never expected tips but still gave good service. If you like your American goodies I suggest you bring your own they are expensive. Overall it was a great experience and we are going to return to Barcelo Beach. If you like to gamble the casino is very small and so are the payouts. (I suggest the pizza and beer)  
<Date>Dec 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little piece of heaven       View from our room  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>aragon
<Content>Only Okay I stayed here for a four day trip. It was ok. We stayed in Building Five which I thought was excellent- we were near the beach, close to the Caribe which had the better pool and we were close to everything. We paid $500 for a four day weekend including flight from NYC. We booked our trip a week before on priceline and that was the cheapest we could find it. Orbitz wasn't as good.The food is better than other Barcelo resorts but the service in the restaurants was horrible. We tried being nice by leaving tips but we were so ignored, that we never even had service at most of our meals. We stopped leaving tips after the first day. The all inclusive drinks make things very easy and the snack bar is open until 12:00, which again, makes things very comfortable. My friend got sick on this trip though I didn't. I didn't eat any meat and I think that may be why I didn't get sick- otherwise, I have a very weak stomach and tend to get ill. The pool at this resort is awful. In all, I would say that the food was pretty awful.I recomend staying at the Caribe. The Beach Resort is on the beach but so is the Caribe and it has a better pool. But it really doesn't matter since you can go anywhere.The beach is gorgeous. Wander off- the beach is huge and you can find your own spot where no one is around. It's an amazing experience. I walked for twenty minutes toward the Caribe Resort and away from the Palace Resort- I was completely secluded and enjoyed the quiet time swimming and just relaxing. If you walk towards the other end, it is much more busy. I wish I had known sooner.The activities were great by us. But it was more because of the guests than anything that the resort staff did. also, they should curb their massage people from haraassing people- it was very annoying but not a big deal. The rooms are okay- but everything has mold on it which can't be that healthy and the blankets were torn in our room. Again, for what we paid, we didn't care. But it was gross.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be Afraid, Be Very Afraid We stayed at this hotel from Dec. 17-24. The beach was beautiful and I liked the shows, but that's about it. The food was not good. My son and I were both sick most of the time. The wine is terrible swill. The mixed drinks are strong, but with cheap liquor. The staff at the desk were the worst!!! They looked at you like you were bothering them if you asked them a question. The rooms are dark, damp and old. The gift shop is a total rip off. If you want to go to the Domincan, pay the extra $ and go to a nicer, newer resort!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>showtime1961
<Content>nothing to talk about well where can i start lets start with the help they need to check with the workers in mexico what i mean is that when you ask for something they look at you like you are a pain even when i tipped them well it was not any change just a strange look i will say that the maids were great small tip and great service bar help were the worst NEXT the food is not good at all the buffet is not open all day there is a 3 hour wait from when they closed and when they open again unless you want to go to there other hotel which is next store you also have to get dress if you are on the beach to go to the restaurant no bare feet allowed what kind of resort on the ocean would not have some kind of burger joint at the pool NEXT not many americans at all and for a resort like this the place dies at 6 pm nothing going on after that NEXT the best part of our vacation was the jeep safari that was a all day trip and well worth it manati park was ok ans oh yes if you do any shopping go to the vendors on the beach not any of the stores on the resort just to let you know we went to the store at the resort for my kids to get some chips and candy and for two bags of chips and one candy bar 18.00 dollars what a rip off if you are american get ready to be hammered well just to let everybody know i just got off my plane at 440 pm today and came right home to write this PS IF YOU ARE GOING TO THIS RESORT PLEASE CHANGE YOUR PLANS IF YOU CAN IF NOT JUST DO WHAT WE DID AND GOT BYE  
<Date>Dec 17, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Blah i'll be blunt...Not outstanfing by a long shot. Food ranges from edible to awful. Not a great looking resort (pool area restaurants etc). Don't go in Januray... too windy not hot enough (and the wind doesn't let up so don't think it will).Don't buy any cuban cigars at the market and expect them to be real. They are ALL fakes. ALL. Period.This place is like a fast food version of a vacation. I didn't pick it the first time, nor would I return.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wasn't impressed I just came back from Barcelo Bavaro Beach Hotel in Punta Cana where I had stayed from Dec 1-8 and there are some pros and cons to this hotel. We are 25 and 30 years old and this hotel isn't a party party kind of hotel, but we weren't looking for one anyway. This hotel has 5 hotels joined together (Palace or Princess-- I forgot which one it was called, Beach, Caribe, Golf, and Casino) and you can visit any of them and use their services except for the Palace because it's a premium, so you have to be booked there to use Princess or Palace.. whatever it was called. There's a train that goes around the whole compound so you don't have to walk everywhere. 15 min wait for the train.PROS  CONS:1) Food was good on the first 2 days...lots of stuff to eat, lots of choices, but gets really boring after 2 days, everything tastes really the same (Buffets  A La Carte restaurants) Another annoying this is that there are certain times for eating, so make sure you eat when you're hungry or you'll have to wait 3 hours.. that's what happened to me. Breakfast is 7am-9:30am Lunch is 12pm-3:30 Dinner is 6:30pm-9:30pm2) At least 30 bugs/misquitoes were on the headboard near my bed (you need to look closely, there were some baby ones, I didn't notice until the 3rd day, --pretty disgusting) The Pro to this is that when I complained, they changed me over to an ocean view room, but I had to pressure them quite a bit to do this. Apparently, you have to tell them right away if the room isn't in good shape to change it. When I told the front desk clerk about this on the 3rd night he told me I should have told him on the 1st night  well, he can't do anything until the next day. I had to go on an excursion the next morning so he told me to pack our bags and leave them with the front desk until they can move it the next night. I asked if someone can at least spray the room, and he said No. Not impressed. The next day another front desk clerk was working, he didn't know what the hell I was talking about so I had to tell the whole story again  really pressure for change of room.. finally he said he'll change it right away... Geez.. THANK YOU! I gave him a $10 tip after I put my stuff in the new room and went back downstairs. Oh, I gave the bell-boy $2 for helping me bring in my suitcases, even though his service was horrible and he had this annoyed look on his face when he had to bring our stuff into the new room. I thought this was something that could have been resolved faster.3) All-inclusive was good, most of all the drinks are free except imported ones, however, it would be nice if there was a waiter walking around beach and pool area to serve drinks for you. You have to walk to bar to get it.4) The Service was average. There are some people that gave outstanding service but the ones that gave you bad service outways the good ones. A lot of them were grumpy, probrably because they were working at the hotel for 12 hours/day.. yep.. looooong hours for these people.5) The Gift Shop at the Hotel is ridiculous. I wanted to buy some bug cream for my bug bites and iches and for a small bottle, it was $13USD.. what is that? a 200% profit? Umm, yea.. I dont have a PRO for this one... just horrible prices and not that much stuff to buy anyway. There is however, a bunch of souvenior shops between the Beach and Casino hotel you can buy things at, but make sure you BARGAIN. Very important! It's really marked up as well. One guy wanted to charge me $30 for 3 magnets. Hahaha, I started laughing when he told me the price.6) There's a stand for snacks where you can get hot dogs and pizza's. They were pretty nasty. I didn't know you can screw up hot dogs and pizza.7) The nightly shows are kinda boring. The first night was OK, but after that it was pretty similar night after night.IF you haven't booked at this hotel yet, then I would change it, unless you booked premium if you have the extra money to spare. ,also keeping in mind we had to go budget this time... we only spent $2800.00 Canadian for the 2 of us for 7 nights all-inclusive which was a really good price. And if you already booked it, just make the best out of it my Boyfriend and I did. Have a good trip.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort       FROM THE BALCONY  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tannedscot
<Content>Past its SELL BY date My wife and I returned for our 6th. visit to this resort on 24th. October. Despite having E-Mailed the hotel and the Head Office in Majorca advising them that we were returning for our 6th. visit and requesting a beach front room, we were allocated a room in block 5000. This room was absolutely disgusting - rusty bathrooms fittings, part of the ceiling missing, slime growing up the cupboard walls.The following day we were moved to a beach front room. Unfortunately when we returned to the room in the evening we discovered that the room had no lamps!This was sorted the following day, but the television that would turn itself on in the middle of the night was not sorted. After three days of repeated complaints to reception the Sub Director said he would upgrade us to Palace hotel as we were very good clients. At the appointed time we went to reception to move. We were told that the general manager decided that we would not be moved without paying.At this point I contacted our tour operator who immediately arranged to move us to the Bahia Principe.While we were waiting for the taxi to move us to the Bahia Principe the General Manager asked our tour rep what was happening. When she explained that we had stayed here six times in the past 5 years he exploded in a rage and dismissed three members of staff in front of us. Being extremely shocked at this we intervened, only to be told that this was a regular occurrence for him and that the staff just turn up as normal for work the next day.This hotel used to be quite outstanding. It sits on one of the most beautiful beach which is protected by the coral reef offshore. The water is crystal clear. The grounds are huge, and even when the hotel is full it does not seem so. Unfortunately when we arrived half of the hotel was closed and the dining options were extremely limited. The whole place desperately needs money spent on it. The paintwork and furnishing are shabby. In the Bar Carey evening canapes used to be served in the early evening with drinks. This has stopped and been replaced with two pool tables!To sum up: If you are looking for a fun place on a beautiful beach with good food but are not bothered by the dated but clean rooms, this may be for you.If you are looking for a bit of luxury in a four star hotel, look elsewhere. This hotel is not longer 4 star.More like a good 2+ star motel.The first time we visited in 2000 the hotel had just been refurbished and was beautiful, sadly it is now very tired and has a new general manager who does not seem to have much in the way of management skills.I just hope that extensive renovations take place soon, and we may just return.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise on Earth!!! Hated to leave After reading some of the reviews I was horrified that my vacation was going to be a disaster. But I could not have been more wrong. Two of my friends and I stayed at this resort the week of October 16, 2005. The property was absolutely beautiful, I have never felt more tranquil in my life. The rooms were equivilent to a Red Roof Inn here back in the states. Nothing luxurious, but it was clean, well stocked with beverages and had a great view of the ocean. Just a hint, bring wash cloths, the hotel has them but they are limited, so better to be safe than sorry. The Steak House was excellent as was the Mexican restaurant. The Buffet was typical as buffets go. But it was an opportunity to try out some traditional dishes such as Mangu and Mafungo. The best service was provided by Juan Pablo, Glenny and Benito. The best omelletes were prepared by Rhenni and Raul. All were friendly and made us all feel welcomed. The pool area beautiful with two bars close by. Angel (Bar Coco) and Louredes (Bar Carey) are the best bartenders, and never kept us waiting for those stellar mojitos and pina coladas. They have an animation team that provides activities at the pool to keep guest entertained. We pariticiated in the water aerobics, merengue lessons and helped judge the iron man contest which was incredibly funny. Get a massage by the beach $20 for 45 minutes can't beat the price!PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE do not make travel to this wonderful country without taking some of the tours offered. It would be a waste if you dont take advantage of the culture and history. I would suggest the Outback Safari (You should request Alex and Jose as your tourguides they were awesome). Its an eight hour tour over the island which you will partake in boogie boarding at a virgin beach, visiting a dominican household, eating at Mi Lola's a traditional dominican restaurant named for the owners wife and lastly, a trip to the middle of the island, where you be able to see tropical animals and purchase cocoa, coffee and vanilla all grown on the farmer's land. If you take this trip please take along candy and school supplies for the children. You wont believe how many you see on the side of the road. As for shopping, we traveled to Higuey, because we were told that the prices would be better. We did purchase some original peices that were painted while we waited, which were a little on the expensive side but what do you expect for an original painting. Other than that we could have purchased items from the beach vendors at the hotel, they were pleasant and willing to negotiate. If you venture down there try booths 4,6 and 8. They give free gifts with your purchases and gave the lowest price. Wherever you choose to shop remember to BARGAIN and negotiate a price you feel is fair. I would also suggest swimming with the sharks and stingrays, FUN FUN FUN. No one in my party knew how to swim, the instructors were very patient and we had a great time. Simply unbelievable that we were side by side with these amazing animals. The staff for the most part were wonderful. There are always going to be a couple of bad apples in the bunch, but hey, I'm sure we all have a few in our work places as well so no point in deeming the whole experience a flop due to a a couple of disgruntled employees. Keep in mind that the employees work 16 hour shifts 11 days in a row, not that its an excuse to be rude, but think about how most of us feel on Friday and 3:30 p.m. and have a little understanding. Lastly, I noticed in most of the reviews that gave a poor rating to this property mentioned that they felt mistreated because spanish speaking guest were treated better. Well, being that it is a spanish speaking country, it would make since to try to learn enough phrases to get by. Its unbeleiveable that we as Americans expect the world to stop and kiss our feet. LEARN THE LANGUAGE people and stop complaining. I hope this review helps someone. I had a wonderful time and had no complaints. I would make this trip and stay at this property again in a heartbeat. Always remember your vacation is what you make of it.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Wonderful After reading some of the reveiws, I was a little nervous and didnt know what to expect upon arrival...However the trip was a dream..Originally we had booked the Beach Resort when we arrived to check in we were upgraded to the Palace Resort. Check in was not very good however, even in the Palace...the staff at the front desk was not very accomodating and our bags were not brought to our room right away, I actually had to go back out and ask for them to be brough to out room (by the way they were in the same place in front where they were originally put) This I was not pleased with but once we went to the beach and gave the resort a chance it was wonderful..The beach was beautiful and very clean...The food was amazing they have everything there from Mexican, to Italian, Japanese and dominican and American dishes there to choose from. It would help to know some spanish (i didnt really know anything) but you can get by. A few nights we went to the seafood rest and the steak rest and both were excellent. The best part of this was the $20 massages on the beach. they were well worth it!... The scenery was gorgeous and very well kept. Prices there for water activities can be found cheaper if you walk off of the resort grounds. There are stands on the beach and they are safe and cheaper! *parasailing was $65 for 2 people and banana boats were 7 per person. the shopping center that Bavaro has is very nice and if you dont like anything there then you can take a walk down the beach off of the property and find people more then willing to sell you things. overall this was a wonderful vacation and I would not even have to think twice about reccommending or visiting this place again!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Family vacation We just came back from Punta Cana from a 2 week 'vacation'. We were 4 kids (ages 10,7,6,2) and 4 adults. Needless to say, we were expecting to have a fabulous experience since we had read the reviews and things looked great! But, once we got there things went very wrong. Just to summarize we had all these happened to us:1. 1 of our bags was so badly damaged we had to dispose of it. (LAN Chile to blame for this).2. Bus Operator (Hot beds/MK Tours) didn't have us down on the list.3. Check-In is a sweety mess. It felt like we were at 100 degrees in the lobby and is so completely disorganized. Be ready to push and yell your way into check-in.4. Our hotel room's A/C didn't work and it took many phone calls to have the technician look at it. My husband ended up at the lobby fighting with the people to get another room (which they said they didn't have) that was much smaller than the original one and also had an a/c problem. the a/c was way too cold!5. The milk and juices in the buffet were not kept cold and were spoiled most of the time. All of us got diarrhea at some point during the trip due, not to the water, but to the lack of appropriate refrigeration of the food. The cold meats were warm all the time. After a week I got fedup and asked to talk to the buffet's mgr but the food condition did not change. Although he admitted the milk was bad, the food remained under refrigerated.6. The restaurant personnel was rude most of the time. We had to fix our own table and look for our own silverware because they didn't like cleaning up the large tables. In the Italian restaurant, the Manager wanted to split us up in 3 tables even though the restaurant was empty.7. The service is so horrible. No sense of customer service at all. zero. zip. nada. You will be mistreated. It's a fact. There is no way around it. We speak Spanish and that did not help at all.8. Don't pay the extra money for the Spanish and French restaurants. They're NOT worth it. 9. The Beach's pool is so small and deep. Not safe for kids at all. It was always packed and there was no Lifeguard. People didn't pay any attention to the no diving signs. So you'd be swimming and someone would be jumping in the water right on top of you.10. They promised us a courtesy room for changing once we checked out of the hotel (12 noon) so we could spend our last day at the beach, but once we went to retrieve the key they told us they only had 4 of these rooms (even though the hotel was empty) and they were all occupied and that there was another family ahead of us waiting for one. Needless to say once my husband showed him his teeth another room magically appeared.So we thought this would be the last episode in our magical vacation in the Barcelo Bavaro Beach. WRONG! 11. The Bus to take us to the airport was scheduled for 3.45 PM. It was 4.30PM and it was still missing. A Bus showed up and the MK Tours rep told us that that was it. 5 of us boarded the bus while the other 3 organized with the bell boy for the luggage. The bus took off, but one of us told the driver there were 3 people missing. The driver told us that that bus was dropping people not picking up and dropped us off about half a mile from the hotel. He didn't even went back to return us to the Beach even though we had small children and a senior in the group. They finally called a van from the same company who picked us up and took us to the airport about an 1hr15min before our international flight.One thing we did like: The Beach. It is Beautiful! Gorgeous! and Great for kids because is kind of shallow and so warm...the sand is so beautifull and it doesn't get hot at all!Bottom line: We were so disappointed and so mistreated that we will never go back to Punta Cana no matter which hotel. We will never stay at a Barcelo Hotel ever again. We will not buy any tour with MK tours or Hot Beds. For a beautiful beach, you can go to many other places, where you will be treated like royalty and will be back revitalize from your vacation. Try Turks and Caicos, Aruba, Curacao among others. Dominican Republic is far from an idillic place to relax.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Wimpy We recently returned from the Bavaro Beach Hotel. This was our first trip to the resort and we enjoyed it. I hope the following information will be helpful for anyone reading Debbie鈥檚 reviews. I tried to categorize my comments for convenience. Grounds and Buildings. We stayed in the 5000 Bldg. All the Buildings need a upgrade. The resorts grounds are meticulously maintained and beautiful. We never saw anything on the grounds that didn鈥檛 belong there or wasn鈥檛 carefully trimmed and maintained. Our room was clean and neat, but not extravagant. The beds were firm, but we like that. There鈥檚 a programmable safe for valuables and a fridge that is kept well stocked with pop and bottled water. A couple of dollar bills with a short note asking for 鈥渄os cervezas, por favor鈥? resulted in 5 cans of their wonderful El Presidente beer appearing when we came back to our room at the end of the day. Although not required, we left the chambermaid sometimes $2 and received a sparkling room in return. A/C was more than adequate as was the hot water. If you don鈥檛 like liquid soft soap in your shower, take a bar of soap. The bars of soap provided are typical 鈥渕otel size鈥?and great for washing hands and face at the sink but a little small for the shower in our view. There鈥檚 a TV with cable in the room. Everything in every other building we visited was in working order, clean and well maintained. The pool was clean, the water blue and as nice, if not better, than any hotel pool we鈥檝e ever used. Staff. We found all of the staff to be friendly, delightful and as helpful as they could be. Communication was sometimes a little challenging but they seemed to have as much fun trying to communicate through a combination of their 鈥減igeon English鈥?and my 鈥減igeon Spanish鈥?as I was. The Front Desk staff and activities coordinators all speaks English very well. Chambermaids, waitresses, and waiters, and bellhops speak and understand English enough to get by. I made every attempt with my limited Spanish vocabulary to communicate with staff and exchange pleasantries in their own language and my feel was that they appreciated it. Weather, beaches, and environment. There was passing showers on severall days and evening, but nothing disruptive. The sun is very strong. We鈥檙e beach people who love to bask in the sun. There鈥檚 a constant offshore breeze that made the environment a delightful break. The beaches are nothing short of gorgeous. Sand the consistency of sugar and warm, turquoise water. There鈥檚 plenty of beach to walk and it鈥檚 kept clean and safe with security patrols by staff. There鈥檚 plenty of lounges to use and palms for shade if you want to avoid the sun. No need to take beach towels, two at a time are provided for free by the hotel. Food and Drink.The food was generally good, some better than others. We ate at the Steak House, Mexican restaurant, the Italian restaurant and the Beach Hotel Buffet. There鈥檚 a small pizza place (the pizzas are about 10鈥?in diameter) as part of the Steak House that鈥檚 great for an afternoon snack or light lunch. Obviously not everything is for everyone鈥檚 taste, but the variety was wonderful. We freely sampled everything we found appealing and didn鈥檛 have a problem. We brought Imonium and never opened the box. The local drinks like the various coladas (banana, coconut, etc.) are very tasty but without liquor unless you ask for it. Mucho rum, por favor will get a generous amount of liquor. They tell you on the bus ride from the airport not to drink the tap water because it鈥檚 not filtered. All of the water for drinking at the restaurants is bottled. Night Life and Dress.Dress codes, as you would expect, is very casual. Shorts, sandals, light clothing is the order of the day and night. The Casino required men to wear long pants with closed toed shoes to go in when we were there. The Tropicalissimo show had the same requirement. It did, however, seem to be loosely enforced. The beach is topless optional and we saw many women enjoying that freedom. There鈥檚 a show every night at each hotel and are OK. Some are audience participation; others are singing and dancing. All are entertaining and fun. The Topicalissimo show is a sold hour and half of singing and some wonderful production numbers. Well worth seeing. There鈥檚 also a disco that we never made it to. Other Activities and shopping. There鈥檚 plenty things to do if you so desire. There鈥檚 everything from para-sailing to deep-sea fishing. Some things have an additional cost, many do not. There鈥檚 plenty of tours off the compound if you wish to see Santo Domingo or other parts of the Island. The best we did with a friendly Belgium man named Wimpy. We recommend him very strong. For information send a email to Wimpy Goessens ---- There鈥檚 a shopping plaza between the casino and the golf hotels and that鈥檚 a tram stop. A fee tram runs around the compound pretty close to 24, 7. Each hotel has a gift shop or shops. There鈥檚 a 鈥渇lea market鈥?type compound down the beach with lots of local vendors selling cigars, rum, clothing, local art, knick knacks, etc. The local stone used in jewelry is Lorimar and is a very pretty light blue. Prices at the flea market are very negotiable. Plan on paying about 50% of the starting price. Most of them take US, Canadian and DR pesos, many take credit cards. We checked Customs Website for the limits on what we could bring back before we left because it鈥檚 been loosened somewhat. Overall, we enjoyed ourselves completely and were more than happy.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>all passengers are not welcome We went to this hotel with another couple.The place is beautiful, the beach is great, but the people....worst experience ever. I麓m Chilean, and all the staff we麓re rude, bad manners,etc.And if you love dolphins, please take a look to people in charge, we saw one of them ------- in the dolphins pool.I talked to the trainer that was mexican , he was very kind and was very concerned about what I saw.A minute ago, I read another article saying something about that they didn麓t like americans....they dont麓t like passengers in general, I say that because in one of our dinners, some waiter threw the knives on the table....very nice!!!.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Don_Vinny
<Content>Great Hotel...just don't go with MK TOURS!!!!       The Palace pool...  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this place, 2nd time there I tvled here with a cousin and we stayed May 1st for the week. I am also a travel agent so I have tvled to several countries also containing all inclusives and this resort was worth every penny. Anytime you travel to a 3rd world country the food is going to be different and possibly not what you are used to in the states. However at this resort you have plenty of choice.I found the staff could not speak English however they tried and of course b/c they make very little in the form of a salary that a tip every now  then is very appreciated. I got nothing but smiles everyday from the waitstaff and reading other comments I find it quite disappointing to hear that people would put them down. The resort had 2 disco's so nightlife wasn't an issue if you were looking for it. It was all-inclusive even in the disco (what more can you ask for). We felt safe walking around even if it was the whee early hours of the morning. The beach was beautiful there really isn't another word to best describe it. All in all if you are looking for choice, OK food, nightlife, entertainment  the best beach possibly in the Caribbean. This is your place. Tell everyone we said hi!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful ! My husband and I and our two children ages 8 and 15 visited this resort in April 2005. In April 2004 we went to Cayo Coco Cuba and have to say that we enjoyed Punta Cana much better. The food was great and a huge variety. I would strongly recommend this resort. There are tons of things to do and the beach is simply beautiful. Much wider than the Tripp resort we visited in Cuba. There are also tons of vendors within walking distance down the beach and you can find almost anything your looking for here. Do all you shopping at the vendors on the beach because at the resort, shopping is very expensive. (for example: I took pringles with me but asked at the resort shop the price of them and they were $7 or $8 a can!) The steak house is as good as steak at the Hilltop in Fredericton, NB. The pasta bar at the main buffet is also very good. The only complaint I have is that on the resort they are constantly taking pictures of guests with animals and then post them on a board for you to buy for $8 (I think each). The pictures are very nice but just make sure you take lots of cash with you in case you want to buy them.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not all it's cracked up to be :(       View of the beautiful beach  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful place with minor problems lovely holiday My partner and i went to the Barcello Caribe for our honeymoon we did think we were going to the Barcello Beach but anyway it was very nice the airport was'nt to bad and the transport to the hotel was great we travelled with first choice holidays the rep was very good explaining everything to us, the check in in the hotel was quite quick welcome drink waiting no problem there was about 12 of us who went together and we all were placed in rooms within half an hour of arriving and all close to one another.The room was lovely and clean the air-conditioning was a little noisy so we had to turn it off at night and it only seemed to have 1 setting (freezing) but even so that was no problem the room did not get over hot at all during the night. We did not intend to spend much time in the room anyway.The rooms had a coffeee maker which we used to make tea by putting 2 teabags in the coffee jug and use as normal acceptable tea being typically english you could get milk from the buffet at breakfast which we used a empty water bottle to put it in the fridge in the room which was stocked with water and a few beers and soft drinks stocked everyday. there was also an iron and ironing board safe and a hair dryer provided very goodThe food was very good you would have to be a very fussy eater not to find anything you liked the speciality resteraunts were good especially the one on the beach opened between 12 -- and 5 lovely sea-food although it was best to get there about 12 and sit down else you had to queue but definately worth the wait lobster etc lovely.The Mexican was good good service we had 2 birthdays there and we told them and they turned the lights out came over to the table singing with a cake lovely touch first class food there The Steakhouse was also good we ate there several times nice selection of food service again evcellentThe italian was good food but the service at night lacked a bit but daytime was good.My partner went diving 5 dives really good dives especially the wreck dives and all the dives were well managed and the boat was excellent for getting in and out. Ludo the divemaster was excellent very freindly as was the staff as a whole one of the most freindly dive places i have been to.The trips we only did one a safari and it was a very long and painful experience no good if you are disabled in any way as the truck is difficult to get in and out and you are on the back for hours and only made a couple of small stops except lunch and that was about 3/4 hour you need loads of sun screen as we burnt with it on we also got wind burnt on there.The hotel site is over 5 hotels and you can use all without charge except the Palace the casino is good for the air-conditioning its lovely to cool down in there and you can lose a lot of money if you are not careful but nice to have a drink in the cool.The nightclubs were good we did not use them as much as the others as they were younger but there is a local one that was ok they said the international one was alright but we did not go there.The entertainment was not good all the same sort of shows very boring.The bars were good overall and you could get bottles of water to take to the beach at anytime.We went to Manati park that was lovely shows worth going to but you need to wear cool clothes it is very hot there.The pool area and the beach were lovely and clean but lacking in sun parasolls no shade hardly, you had to go down beach to find shade.The whole complex was very clean and well looked after a little train takes you all around it comes every 15 mins from 8 till 4 in the morning very good. all in all the holiday was great they put flowers and champagne in our room as we were honeymooners a lovely touch.We did not have any tummy problems really some of our party did but that was self inflicted excesses. we did have a problem with mosquitos a lot of us had loads of bites do take a good repellent and wear it day and night especially night as your legs get really badly bitten by the strongest you can get and dont go out without it. we had no problem in the roomwe used the plug-ins and they worked. So thats all we have to say go there enjoy it we did.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Freviewer
<Content>Great Place! I just got back from the DR and our stay at the Bavaro Beach resort was great! You have to be pretty picky to not like this place. My stay paid for itself in drinks  food alone! I was a little concerned after reading some comments on this site about the food, but it was fine and no one in our group got sick. Most people spoke english well enough (I've had way more problems when I have traveled to other non-english speaking countries) and all of the people you really need to communicate with (excursion planners, front desk, restaurant staff, etc) spoke english well. A lot of the guests at the resort are european but we also met quite a few people from the U.S. A couple tips: fly into punta cana airport (it's much easier), if you drinks are weak simply ask for more alcohol - the staff is more then willing to help out, go to at least one of the shows at night, get a massage on the beach, tip the staff a couple dollars here and there - it will be much appreciated.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you don't speak fluent Spanish, stay away I have just returned from my honeymoon at Barcelo Barvaro Beach and I have to say without a doubt that I will NEVER return to Punta Cana. The employees at the resort wanted nothing to do with Americans. They had no problem taking or using our money, listening to our music or trying to act American but they do not want to interact with Americans. I too am in the service industry and I know how people can have bad days at work therefore I am more tolerant when it comes to wait staff etc., but the employees were rude to me every day. No hello or good morning. My trip was all inclusive so we just walked into the restaurant to eat. It took 10 minutes if ever to get water or to be asked if we wanted pop or something else to drink. Extra napkins forget about it. And, it wasn't like they were very busy, they would walk past our table 4 times and take care of the Spanish Speaking people first then again before they would come to our table. We tried to be as polite as possible and tried to speak Spanish when we could but then they treated us worse. We had to jump through hoops to get things that were all-inclusive. For example, I wanted to go snorkling. First I had to go all the way from the beach acquatic center to the front desk to get a card and fill out my name and room number(remember, you have an armband on showing that you stay at the resort) then you had to take the card back to the acquatic center. You are allowed 1 hour with the gear. I was there at 12:00 and they didnt have any gear. I went back at 12:30 still none. At 1:00 they still were all out, but when I stated that it had been an hour since I first arrived the girl went in the back and got some gear. Horseback riding, forget about it. I was told twice to come back in 20 minutes. They didn't know what to do. When walking around you would come upon an employee or a Spanish speaking person. Instead of both people (you and them) giving a little bit of room to get by, they would not move. They would always walk between you and never an excuse me or sorry. There were other Americans and Canadians that I spoke with that got the same treatment. I would say that 70% of the employees could speak English but they chose not to even when I would speak in English to them. How do I know they could speak English, because I would here them with others. In closing, if you do not speak fluent Spanish stay away from Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be careful what you ask for! I (58) stayed here with my girlfriend (26) for 10 days and overall found the experience adequate. The food was average at best but plentiful. My girlfriend had some problems with Taino's revenge while there and I did upon return but nothing that stopped our activities. The room we got was better than average because of a little chat with the lady checking us in and a 20$ bill folded up discreetly and passed to her. Leave a couple of dollars each day on the bed for the maid and the same in the mini-bar and your service will be quite nice. Anything not included in the all-inclusive price at the resort is likely to be quite expensive. The shops are absolutely outrageously expensive ($15.00 USD for 10 tampons $50.00 for flip flops and sunglasses) and you really have no choice so make sure you bring everything or take a taxi outside and buy things (you will still save money but make sure you bargain for everything). Took the Jurassic Tour and had a great time and good value for money as was the snorkeling and Crazy Wheels (ATV's). The Express trains when it runs is convenient but often very crowded. I think the place represents good value for money if you understand exactly what you are getting. Large numbers of hispanic tourists with families can be a bit of a nuisance but just get used to having less personal space than normal.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>marionp1951
<Content>Loved the food I have difficulty walking and usually have to stay on the ground floor but because of the elevators I was able to move up and have our own private balcony which we liked. The free safe and mini bar were also a plus. I loved the tablecloths even for breakfast which made it seem more like a restaurant. The Steak House was great and we ate there every night. The resort was so clean and the shows were good. We also enjoyed the fact that we were able to go to the other resorts in the complex and eat if we felt like a change. The staff were very friendly and helpful. We have gone to many all inclusive resorts and we felt that this resort was the first one that we both agreed we would definitely like to return. Keep up the good work.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>speak spanish and bring your own food I went to Punta Cana with 3 of my good friends, and we stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach. We were probably 4 out of 10 people who spoke english in the whole place, the staff barely spoke english. the food is left out too long and is dangerous. There is a variety to eat though. the whole way home on the plane one of the other girls and I were having terrible stomach pains and were enjoying the airplane bathrooms a little too much. The sheets were dirty in the beds. The beach was cleaned everday, and we were relaxed because we had no one to talk to but each other. Not a teenagers hotel, its more for spanish families, couples, newlyweds and elders.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Heavan on earth and great food!! I went with 3 other girl friends on a 4 day getaway to this resort and it was total heavan on earth. The beach, the food, the drinks, the everything was perfect. Of course there are some things about the food that you will notice. I am from Nebraska and we have great corn fed beef here- not in the D.R. It is tough and chewy. My opinon - just stay away from the beef. But no other qualms. We had awsome green salads every day and the fruit was the best. And I am not a huge tomato fan but the tomatos there I could live off of. Their icecream tasted homemade, it was absolutely our favorite. There was fish at every buffet and resturant and it was always wonderful. Everything always looked very fresh and good. I think if you happen to get sick there it may be a virus. Our favorite resaurants were the Italian and Mexican. The staff were totally friendly. You could always see them smiling and singing as they worked. I noticed that if you gave them a lot of thankyous and smiles (because of the language barrier I think this is what they understand best) that you usually got even more special treatment. The massages in the massage hut on the beach were excellent. Well worth the $20. The resort was very clean. We went on a 1/2 day snorkling trip that cost us extra. It was with Carribean Festival. There was a alot of fun entertainment on the snorkling boat. As you cruised out to the area to snorkle, the staff entertained with dancing and music and of course lots of drinks and snacks. After they danced for you they then danced with you. What fun. And these people are excellent dancers. We had a great time on this boat- and the snorkling was great too. They had an area to snorkle and see shark and stingray. That was an experience I may never get to repeat. I cannot think of one bad thing at this resort. I hope this area stays pure and not terribly commercialized just as it is. It is perfect.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a little bit of paradise Every year the girls get together for our trip away to relax. Last year it was a cruise, this year although instead of 5 or 6, it ended up being just 2 of us. So we wanted to find someplace relaxing, beautiful and fun. We read reviews on trip advisor and were very apprehensive. Most of the reviews from Americans were terrible, stating terrible food, the people weren't nice, the rooms were dirty. Well, you know, what? I think you got to find things out for yourself. Take a chance and whatever, you never know. Of course if you're just wanting a Carlton Ritz experience, don't bother. We had a great time. The place was absolutely beautiful, palm tree heaven. the food was not gourmet, but it was pretty good and you could get whatever any time. Breakfast buffet was very good. (How can anyone ruin breakfast) Buffet for the lunch and dinner, no, no! The restaurants were okay. The people were friendly and very accomodating. The Disco they have is mostly full of pretty young kids with that booming crappy rap stuff so ended up in the casino. Don't play the slots, they're quite tight but we did pretty good on Roulette.Most of the vacationers are from Canada and Europe. They were all pretty happy. A lot of people from Boston. We're from Providence, RI so we had a pretty good time and I would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KiaraFlorida
<Content>Excellent Although I went with my family three years ago, it was an awesome vacation. I go on vacation with my family every year to a new location and my brother and boyfriend won't stop comparing Barcelo to other hotels. Service: Everyone was so polite and friendly. The staff always accomadated us.Rooms: We got lucky and got a pool/ocean view. We loved it because the view from the balcony was great. The rooms were always clean and spacious. Our minibar was always filled with water, soda, candy, and beer.Food: Excellent. We ate at all the restuarants (except the ones that were not included-I believe there were 2-4) and we loved the food. There was always a variety of food and it was always fresh. Entertainment: I loved the fact that there was always something to do. The staff did a great job with the day and evening activities or entertainment. We were never bored.Beach: The water and sand were beautiful. The water was calm and clear. We went on the bananna and it was so much fun. Overall, this was one of the best vacations.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely loved it! We returned yesterday 4/17/05 from our vactaion at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach. I can't say enough about this place! The staff was wonderful from check in to check out. The grounds were so beautiful and truly well maintained and you can always ride the trolley and take a full tour to check them out. The room furniture was a little outdated but who cares the view was fabulous! Our room had a mini bar which was refilled daily with bottled water, beer, and soda. Although we were told that the room had a king bed in actuality it was two double beds pushed together still no complaints just more reason to snuggle ;-) Our room faced the beach and what a beach it was...just plain amazing and relaxing. Miles and Miles of white sand, palm trees, and crystal blue waters. We never really sat at the pool, but it was nice as well and plenty of people did. The hotel provides you with nice egyptian cotton beach/pool towels for you to use. We're active 28 year olds and they definitely had plenty of activities we were never bored those included beach volleyball, Aerobics, water polo, dancing lessons, and many more including mini golf and other motorized activities. For some reason I was warned about the lack of variety of food and was told we would get bored of it. We were there for 8 days and there was plenty and I stress plenty of variety to choose from. The food at the buffet where we ate breakfast and some lunches was very good... Not sure how someone can't find something they like. The steak house was great and we went there several times, as well as Mexico Lindo and the Italian restaurant. We also snacked or lunched on pizza from the pizza shack. We never got sick from eating anything including fruits, salads, and vegetables. Don't forget to enjoy some great St. Domingo coffee as well while you're there, as a coffee lover I thoroughly enjoyed every cup. Keep a couple of things in mind, you should remember to bring your sun tan lotion with you it's very expensive at the hotel $38 to be exact which is crazy but you can get it at the plaza for cheaper. You'll need plenty of block and a hat because the sun is quite strong as well as some kind of insect repellent... it's a tropical environment after all. If you want to tip the staff will appreciate it but bring change with you. Once again it was a wonderful relaxing vacation and I would go back in a heart beat!!!!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to relax! We just returned 4/11/05 from the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort. We had a very relaxing  fun stay at the resort. The grounds are beautuiful and well maintained. The rooms are a little older but have everything you need  are kept clean. Two double beds, TV, minibar etc. We had no problems with our room or the air conditioning. The beach was beautiful white sand with palm trees everywhere. The water was calm  warm with a sandy bottom. I don't think anybody can complain about the beach! I highly recommend getting a massage on the beach-good price  well worth it! We also loved hanging out by the pool. Never had trouble getting a chair but I think we were there afte the busy season. We stayed at the Beach Resort pool, but the one at the Caribe looked beautiful also  less busy over there. They had a lot of activities you could join in if you wanted or you could just relax all day like we did.The people here are friendly  most know enough English to get by but not much more. They try very hard but there are guests from all over the world  they have know a little English, French, German etc so don't expect them to know more English than you know Spanish. We never had any trouble communicating  getting what we wanted-you just have to be nice  patient. Food: I have read some complaints about the food  I really don't understand how you could not be happy with the food. People get sick for a variety of reasons  it doesn't matter where you go, if you are out of the country you run that risk. We were fine the whole trip  nobody we talked to was sick from the food. I made sure to only drink bottled water  even brush my teeth with the bottled water. We ate salads every day  a variety of egss, meat, fish, potatoes etc  we all felt fine. At the buffet you can have pretty much anything you want. Even if you don't like some of the different food they serve, there is enough other food available to fill you up. For lunch/dinner you can have them make you a steak, a variety of pastas. hamburger  fries, fish-there has to be something you like. If you don't like buffets there are plenty of other choices. We never ate dinner at the buffet because we liked the restaurants. The Steakhouse was terrific  we really enjoyed the Italian  Mexican also. We also loved the pizza  you can get that from noon to midnight so we never went hungry! Never tried the Spanish-heard it wasn't the best. I really had no complaints about the food. The Dominican Republic is a good place to go if you just want to relax  enjoy the beach. If you like to keep active  do a lot of sightseeing  excursions this is probably not the place to go. Overall we had no complaints about our trip  would recommend this place if you are looking for a reasonably priced vacation  just want to lay on the beach  relax.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything We Expected !! My wife and I and three kids, ages, 12-14-16 just returned from this resort on 31-Mar-05 following a 14 day stay.The arrival at the unique airport, receipt of our baggage and departure from there was smooth, other then our transportation to the hotel was about 20 minutes late. Our check in at the hotel was smooth. We had asked for adjoining rooms or at least rooms close together. There are 4 buildings of rooms each having three floors plus penthouse. One of our rooms was in the building closest to all of the things you'd want to be close to and one of our rooms was in the building the furthest away. They changed that for us for the next day. If you want to be relatively close to the restaurants, pool, activity area, hotel lobby, etc. get the buildings where the room numbers begin with 4, such as 4313, which was our room. Rooms beginning with a 1, such as 1221, are the furthest away. There is a mini train which does run past each of these buildings about every 15 minutes. All buildings are the same distance from the beach however. This mini train also takes you to the Golf, Casino, Caribe and Palace Resorts, where you will find in each a restaurant and buffet that you have access to for free, along with drinks [other then the Palace for which you have to pay] and each has some good reason to go. The food was good, plentiful, lots of variety and somewhat different each day. We tried each of the other restaurants and found them to be good for the most part.The rooms were clean, small, everything worked relatively well, although flushing the toilets anywhere in the resort, or even the airport is a bit of a challenge.Almost all of the staff were excellent and helpful. We tipped our maid a dollar and some chocolates each day and left a dollar and chocolates in our fridge. The room was always well cleaned and the mini fridge well stocked. I strongly recommend learning some Spanish, as it is their language in their country and they do appreciate the attempt.There was the odd mosquito and a few other flying insects, but there are more of those where I live then there was there. Bring mosquito repellent with deet in it as a protection. We took malaria pills as a precaution, which are inexpensive and have no side effects that we noticed.Although we did not drink the tap water, nor did we brush our teeth in it, or made coffee with it, each of us got Montezuma's revenge. I don't know what else we could have done to prevent it. Bring Immodium.The entire resort, including the buildings, restaurants and outside areas were kept very clean.The beach had the finest grained white sand I have ever experienced!!! It was a gorgeous beach. The water was beautiful, warm, with a pleasant bottom. Bring a snorkel, mask and even flippers. You won't regret it. There is a coral reef about 1/2 mile off shore, which is where the waves break, so there is very little waves on shore. There were plenty of beach chairs and the palm trees provide shade.We went on the Monster Truck Tour and enjoyed it, particularly seeing the countryside and the culture. We went on the Crazy Wheels quad tour and enjoyed that, but the one that we consider a must do is the Swimming with the Sharks . We were taken by bus on a 20 minute drive to a place where we boarded a boat. There was drinks, coconut, sandwiches during the boat ride. We got to a location and were provided with snorkelling equipment [we had our own] and belt type life jackets. We were divided into two groups, one for experienced swimmers and one for novices. We were taken to the coral reef where we saw beautiful formations and lots of different varieties of fish, then we swam a short distance to a penned in area in which there were quite large nurse sharks and sting rays and tuna. It was awesome to be swimming amongst them !!!! The nurse sharks do not bite. There was more drinking and snacks, dancing etc. on the way back.There was lots of daytime activities, ranging from beach volleyball, water polo, table tennis, shuffleboard, badminton, bocci, a baskeball hoop and other activities that the animation team create. If you want billiards, or mini golf, or tennis, soccer, a fitness gym and other activities, you will find it at one of the other resorts. and the nightly show was usually entertaining, made more so by the audience participation and the animation team.In all, we all enjoyed our 14 days there and do not hesitate to recommend the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>theislanders
<Content>"Very nice resort with lots to do, but be careful what you eat." Me and my wife just returned yesterday from the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort in Punta Cana. We booked it last minute and got a great deal and did so through ROH (run of the house). This means they can put you wherever they want, and we ended up at the Beach Resort. This is actually where you want to be of all the resorts. This is where all the action is and where most people from the other resorts came to hang-out and eat. Here is what we thought:BEACHES: Amazing. All the previous reviews we read about them are true. They are just like those brochures you see in travel magazines. Clear turquoise water and with very little seaweed at all. The sand is like baby powder. This is the best beach we have ever gone too. There are also lots of palm trees, and you get a great breeze during the day to cool you off so you don't get too hot. Lots of chairs readily available, even if you arrive at 1 pm in the afternoon you can still get chairs so don't worry. They also have workers that rake all seaweed and garbage on a daily basis to keep it clean. No peddlers on beach whatsever which was nice. We did not swim nor hang out by the pool once all week, the beach is where we were the entire time. As for watersports, there are many to do and the equipment is fine. I did read a review bashing all the stuff there but that simply isn't true. If you are that hardcore with your watersports then bring your own gear. 10/10 grade for this area.ROOMS: We were located on the beach resort and the rooms are fine. They come with 2 queen double beds, cable tv with 40 channels (ESPN and movies, english too), coffee maker, minibar which was stocked regularily, and an electronic safe which worked perfectly. The rooms were clean and well maintained, and the maids did a good job cleaning the rooms. Don't expect lavish rooms and marble floors because this resort doesn't have them, but the rooms are nice and clean. We had ZERO mosquitos in the room. 8/10 grade for this area.THE RESORT: It is beautiful and very well maintained and groomed. There is security 24hr around the complex and safety is never even a thought. There were lots of families with children and they were all ripping around having a great time. The overall mix of the resort had people from all over the world. There were people from France, Colombia, Canada, USA, Italy, Germany, Panama, and that was just from some of the people that we met. There were lots of couples, families, and singles. Although I would say that singles were the least of the three. ENTERTAINMENT: Because you can go to all of the resorts, there is an endless amount to do, and I will not list everything. I will tell you what we liked and what not to waste your time on. The disco is great! It is open from 11 til 5am, but doesn't get busy til 12. Drinks are free and are served very quickly. Great times here. We also did tennis, snorkling, the casino and some other things that were fun. Now we also went to the show Tropicalissimo at the Casino. It is an hour and a half that I would like back to be quite honest. It is a free show that you have to book ahead, but is pretty boring after about 20 minutes. If you like spanish music and can listen to it for almost 2 hours straight, then go. The daytime entertainment was good and the staff do a good job of organizing games for people of all ages. One thing that I did not participate in but was amazed to see was an actual water polo sport game in the pool take place everyday complete with those hats with numbers and nets and everything. Not for me, but if you are into that kind of thing there you go! 9/10 grade for this section.THE FOOD: Now this was...well...sigh I cannot sugar coat it, it was awful. I was doing all right until mid week, then I finally got sick, and did not eat for three days as I had the runs and was confined to my room for a day and a half with severe sickness. We have been to many carribean resorts before and are always careful with the food, and we were here too. The problem is I have an idea what I got sick on but can't be sure, because now my wife is sick home (as I am typing this) with the same bug, and she ate in the last three days and I did not. There are many buffets to choose from and you can go to some pay as you go restaurants too, but they are not good. We paid $20 for the La Fuente (Spanish) restaurant at the Casino. No good, I believe that is where I got sick. Another guy in our group got sick too. The buffet restaurants are average to poor, and the worst part is they only serve breakfast until 10am. We did not make a breakfast all week. Normally 11am is the cutoff at most resorts. Oh well, I don't think I would have liked what I saw anyways. On the plane home I also heard of 2 families that had gotten sick and had to go to the hospital to get IV's because they were so dehydrated from the runs. So, to make a long story short, I have some rules that you must abide if you are going to eat here: STAY AWAY FROM: all dairy products, seafood, salad, soups, and anything you aren't sure of, and you will be fine. DO NOT: drink anything but bottled water and try not to get too much ice in your drinks if you can avoid it. I am not kidding about the food, just be very careful and selective and you should be alright, but no guarantees. 1/10 grade for this area.OVERALL: This is such a tough final thought because we loved the resort and had a great time, but being paranoid about what you are going to eat is not fun. I am not a portly guy, but a cut 5'10 dude, but I gotta eat, and I don't think I could go back here because the food was lousy. I loved the beaches, the disco, the people we met, the staff, the entertainment, absolutely everything, except for the toilet where I spent way too much time. Seriously though, I do recommend it for everything else, and if you just be extremely careful with your eating, you may be alright. *NOTE* Did not see very many mosquitos at all, bug spray NOT necessary.If anybody has any questions feel free to email me and I'll be happy to answer them and reply quickly. Happy travels all!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation!!!!!  My boyfriend and I just returned from the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Hotel in Punta Cana. It was amazing!!! The weather was great, beautiful beaches lined with palm trees, it was like paradise. The hotel was very clean and the staff overly friendly. I had read other reviews that their english wasnt great but we had no problems with that. I thought they did very well. We couldnt have asked for a nicer vacation. The hotel grounds are HUGE so be prepared to explore but that was the most fun.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great spring break destination this place is AWESOME. they should advertise better because it is great. safe, clean, fun, friendly, great weather, just awesome.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Time of your life! Just got back March 18th 2005. A group of 16 went, 7 adults, 9 childrenbetween 12 and 16. We were with a great group of easy going fun people.The food was great. You would have to be fussy to the extreme to not be able to find something that you loved. The steakhouse was extraordinary, the tenderloin rivaled any I've had anywhere. The mexican was great and we liked the Italian too. The buffet had so much choice and was always delicious. There was seafood (lobster) on the buffet one night and it was ok but I'm used to big Canadian lobster. I find it hard to believe that anyone could complain about the food. The rooms were spotless but very average in appearance - we didn't spend much time there. The beach was beautiful as was the water. It was hot and humid all week with a nice breeze. There was always plenty of shade to find as well as beach and pool chairs (remember there were 16 of us). For the kids, there was mini putt, ping pong and all kinds of other things to do. The casino was pretty empty during the day, but nice. Probably my favorite part was the activities at the pool. Harry, Julio, Jamie, Pedro and Franklin were fantastic! They were extremely outgoing, energic and fun. They included everyone in the activities including: darts, ping pong contests, tropical bowling (hitting pinneapples with grapefruits), sexy dancing contests (hilarious) etc. Theevening shows sometimes had audience participation and that was extremely funny! We met some wonderful people from around the worldand locally. I would recommend this place to anyone who likes to have a good time!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sariavalaipete
<Content>No good for us city slickers~Wish we had not wasted our vacation HELLO ALL~ I will start off by saying that I read a lot of great reviews before deciding on my families last minute vacation (and most of the reviews were really pretty good)? With that said, my family and I were not happy with the vacation at all and actually wish that we had not spent our money and time at this destination. Now looking back at the reviews, I can only assume, that most of the great reviews that I read were written by young (early 20's) either friends or boyfriend/girlfiend type situations where just having a cheap place to stay with a beach and bar is what they need. I have been there done that and understand :-) But we needed a bit more and didn't get it at all!! We are 34, well traveled professional couple with 2 small kids (daughter' 2 and 6 years old). IF YOU HAVE CHILDREN (ESPECIALLY YOUNG KIDS) DO NOT EXPECT A KIDS CLUB OR ANY CONSISTENT, RELIABLE OR SAFE CHILD CARE!!ARRIVAL and ROOMThe arrival was smooth (weird but cool outdoor airport :-) I thought it was neat (even though it was terribly hot :-)Check-in at the hotel was smooth. The room was clean and small (with 4 people and me being a bit of an over packer) there was no place for the luggage and was really cramped. There were 2 double beds. It was fine and we didn't see mosquito's (which we were worried about with other reviews we read). We left $2 in the minibar  for the cleaning staff the first day and also $1 daily. Never a problem with either and actually the minibar was so well stocked we started taking the extra beverages out with us to give to the grounds keepers  security guards (they were very appreciative for a cold coke)FOODTHE FOOD WAS HORRIBLE. I have to say that maybe we are a bit picky when it comes to good food. We enjoy a good gourmet meal once in a while and do buy fresh veggies and high quality meats in our home. So maybe we are a bit picky but we have been to plenty of other resorts and have always enjoyed the crappie buffet food (sometimes the unhealthier the better tasting :-) But this was low quality  poorly seasoned. I really do look forward to the pig out buffet stuff we all get at these all inclusive resorts but this food was absolutely horrible and I truly did not find 1 thing in any of the buffet's or restaurants that I looked forward to eating. We ate at the Steakhouse twice and twice it was horrible. Next to the steakhouse is takeout pizza. The pizza was OK nothing special but nothing terrible. The beachside restaurant called La Uva at the Golf Hotel that is good. Tables are in the sand on the beach and it is only open for lunch.Oh and none of us got sick but we brushed out teeth with bottled water and rewashed the fruit in bottled water as well before eating it. We tried to be careful and no one from our family got sick (but we did see others complaining at the front desk and looking terribly sick).CHILDREN'S ACTIVITIESNONE! There was a kids club at the caribe resort that was basically nonexistent they claimed to always be looking for the girl that was supposedly running it that day. When she was finally found there were no activities planned, she didn't speak English (so my 6 year old couldn't even talk to her). The worst was when I had my older daughter go on a walk to the beach with the counselor (about 1/8 of a mile) and 2 other kids we had met ages 3 and 10. We (the 2 sets of parents) stayed by the pool to relax and after about 10 minute we see the 3 year old walking alone and sort of looking around for us and crying. The counselor had just let this little 3 year old wander off unsupervised (as if on vacation there are no psycho pedophiles or crazy people). I was enraged that so little thought went into the child care. So for us it was a vacation with no supervised child care or alone time at all. Oh and it was funny telling my 6 year old to stop staring at the topless ladies (that were everywhere) :-)DRINKI do not drink very often and am usually a cheap date :-) getting drunk from one rum  coke. Even I didn't get tipsy the liquor is so watered down. My husband and I speak Spanish, tipped large and regularly and still couldn't get drunk :-) well let me say that my husband started getting tipsy finally after a few days of only drinking beer and lots of it. :-) LANGUAGEWe didn't have a problem because we speak enough Spanish to feel comfortable. But I advise learning a few needed words (If I had to use the bathroom, and the staff couldn't direct me to the bathroom because they didn't understand me, I would have lost it). OVERALLThis place sucked and we found a lot of other vacationers that felt the same way. I know it's cheap and you get what you pay for (yatta yatta yatta). But it is not cheap enough to be worth the feeling we had as we left thinking to ourselves we should have gone to Jamaica :-)  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hatesnow
<Content>As Big Al Bundy would say where are those Biggum's WOW Can I go back tomorrow.....Please Big Al.....I loved it the beach, the beach we went sailing everyday except the day we went to Sanona Island which I loved also. Maybe I was just in love with my husband of 28 year that week....and he with me.. Or maybe it was all those topless girls he saw on the beach and by the pool that made him young again but, we sure had a good time of course we did have snow to our knees back here in Michigan so anytime I can go out side and show skin is a good day. First, when I go back which I will. My husband and I are taking a spanish class. You don't have to but, it would help. Plus it's fun to do things together since the kids are gone. My husband went golfing $85.00 for 18 holes, that is with cart and no grip clubs. He didn't complain that much he was just happy to golf. He said it's not a bad course, been to worse. He toke his own balls. I mean golf balls.... said he had a good time with some guys for Boston. I laid on the beach and baked....Take your snorkels with you we did and found 2 huge star fish right there at the hotel. Make sure you tip the maid. Just to be nice...but, put your money in the fridge for the guy that stocks your room. Or give it to him so you can ask for extra beer or cola..the first time I left 2 dollars on the bed and 2 dollars on top of the fridge..when we came back the maid had cleaned the room and the money from the bed and the money from on top of the fridge was gone and he hadn't even been there to stock the fridge yet...from then on my husband either hand it to him or I left it inside with a note saying MORE BEER no diet pop just cola.... Boy did he stock the Beer....Now security...My husband said he felt safer there then he did in the states, there was security guards about every 100 yards even on the golf course, they help you find the balls you lose...cool huh.. they guard all night and day they are even on the beach they carry around base ball bats. Saw one with a headless golf club...looked like my old 7 iron when I first started golfing... if you can't find something to eat that you like at one of the many places to eat DON'T COME TO MY HOUSE I'd let you starve....spoiled little brat...When we didn't see something on one buffet we just rode the train around to another resort...One night my husband eat at one place I snacked then we stopped back at the place I saw something I wanted..hey work with it....hint;;;; If you go on a day trip have breakfast then they always have these wrapped cookies, I would grab some of those and put in my back pack...even for the beach..also you get 2 to 3 huge waters in your fridge....If you have one of those coolers that carry a bottle of water take it so you can carry your cold water with you...I toke a lot of big plastic baggies with me...on our way in I would fill the baggie up with ice for our room...we were a long way from the ice machine...all in all the rooms are not beautiful but they are clean and the grounds are out of this world. I would love them to be my gardener. But the patio was nice and the sun, the air, the water, the people. Well I have gone on way to much believe me go if you don't go cool that just keeps the price down for us next year.....  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NICE!!! I just returned from a 5 day vacation with my boyfriend. we stayed from the 6th march to the 12th march and it was truly wonderful. My expectations were low since the price we paid was so cheap. But I have to say it was really nice. Barcelo Beach is one of 5 hotels ( and one of the 3 which are directly on the beach.) The food is good and you will not get bored because you can eat in almost 8 different restaurants. We ate twice in the Palace HOtel, which is the only hotel you have to pay a small amount of money, 20$, if you want to eat there. The fish restaurant at the Palace, La Brisa, was the only place which was not very good. However, the Dominican restaurant at the Palace was truly delicious. Overall we tried every restaurant that was available to us. The rooms are nothing special but there is also nothing to complain about. We had everything we needed. Also you dont spend much time in the room anyway. The People are really really nice. YOu seldom meet an employee which is not friendly. Just be friendly yourself and smile. Sometimes you have to wait a little at the poolbar. But hey what is the big deal. First of all your on vacation and second what does it matter if you have a view of the gorgeous beach while your waiting. A tip: try the COCO LOCO drink, I already miss it.Oh yeah, the beach is truly amazing. At the beach hotel it is very crowded. But if you walk along the beach to the BArcelo Bavaro Caribe Hotel (about 5 minutes), you will find spots which are more romantic and less crowded. Also we often used the pool of the Caribe since the Beach HOtel's pool was not as nice.Thats the great thing about the complex. You are free to eat and hang out in any hotel you like.ALso dont forget to tip these people. Their salaries are truly low ( this still holds when compared to the living expenses in Dom.Rep) And what are two dollars more to you each day?Oh yeah and try the massages at the beach!!! very relaxing.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was OK...... Just returned from 7 nights at Barcelo Beach Resort with my husband and two children ages 3 and 11. Here's my summary......airport experience was very good arriving, but took along time when we were departing, lines for immigration were very long. Airport is mostly outdoors so it got very hot. The duty free store is so small and has a horrible selection. Hotel... the grounds of the hotel are beautiful and well kept. The staff, some don't even smile and act like they are being bothered if you ask for something. We however found an excellent waiter on our second night, Jorge at Mexico Lindo. We tipped him well the first night, and then each night at Mexico Lindo (the only place we liked for dinner), no matter where we sat, he would come and wait on us. He spoke perfect English, was a complete gentleman, and provided very good service. On our last night we tipped him VERY well for being so gracious to us all week. Rooms.... very small. there is hardly any room b/t the beds and the very small dresser. No room to put suitcases or anything. you can imagine how crowded we were with 4 people. Bathrooms were huge though, and showers had great water pressure. We stayed in the Blue Building. It was nice though how most all rooms have an ocean view. We enjoyed sitting on the balcony while the kids napped and watched we read the paper and enjoyed the views. Beach...beyond beautiful. Nice breeze, water was warm, sand is plush, and palm trees and water are stunning. The only thing was explaining to an 11 year old why there are sooooooo many topless people. Much more than I saw when I was in Mexico. Absolutely no complaints about the beach, and it goes on and on for miles. Just gorgeous. Food.... total opposite from the great beach. The first 2-3 days I barely ate b/c I couldn't find anything I liked. My husband and I don't like seafood so that limited alot of our choices. There are items such as Goat and stuff on the buffet. Steakhouse was horrible in my book, my idea of beef tenderloin and there's are two different things. Meat was tough, tried a hamburger and didn't like that either. Snackshack.... I didn't care for the pizza, but if you were lucky enough to get fresh fries, they tasted great. The hotdogs (I don't eat) but my son did and they looked to be all beef hotdogs, how bad can you really screw up a hotdog? Buffet....we ate there everymorning for breakfast, I did the omlette bar every day and made toast, so no complaints there. Plenty of fresh fruit as well. For lunch they have a pasta bar, I did not like any of their sauces, so I finally just asked them to toss my penne pasta in olive oil, no sauce, and add garlic and parmesan. this was great, so I ate that 4 days in a row for lunch. Mexico Lindo...beware the menu item Classic Fajitas are not as you and I know fajitas. They did make quesadillas made to order, and had a buffet with beef tacos, chips, salsa etc. We found this to be the only normal food, so we ate here 4 nights for dinner. Italian Rest..... HORRIBLE.. sauces are very bland. Shows.... my 11 year old daughter enjoyed this part of the day the best. The shows were cute, got the audience involved and gave us some really good laughs. One night they even did a production of CATS which was pretty phenomonal. The Dominicans are great dancers. Overall.... I would probably visit the Dominican again, I would probably stay at a notch up from this hotel the next time though. Oh, and the weather was perfect, 2/25-3/4 It was 80-85 everyday, not very windy, and only one day of overcast!! But keep the 45 SPF on, I saw so many people in pain with bad sunburns!!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>conch7
<Content>Ok but not Great ARRIVAL and ROOMMy wife and I just returned from 7 days at the Beach Hotel. We were there from Feb. 21 thru Feb. 28. On arrival in Punta Cana, there will be baggage carriers that will take your bags to the bus for transport to the hotel. They just kind of grab your suitcases and start walking with them. Then they expect a tip. You don't have to have them carry your bags as the bus is only about 25 yards away. Save yourself a couple of bucks.Check-in at the hotel was smooth and another baggage carrier takes your bags to your room. The room was clean and not small as several others mentioned. There were 2 double beds. The hotel is about 20 years old so don't expect the Ritz. The decor of the room is outdated and old. The interior decorator should be shot. Our room was usually cleaned by noon or 1 PM and the mini bar was restocked around 2:30 each day when the newspaper was delivered. If you catch the restocker, just tell them that you want extra beer or soda and from then on they will add extra. We left $2 in the minibar daily and also $2 daily for the maid. Never a problem with either.FOODThe food was OK but nothing to write home about. Twice, we ate at the Steakhouse and twice we had horrible meals. I had a hamburger one day that was horrible tasting. My wife had ribs that we would never consider giving to our dogs as they were all fat and gristle. She also tried the tenderloin but it was so tough that even with her knife she couldn't cut it. I have read other reviews about the steakhouse and many say the food was great. Maybe it is a hit or miss type of thing but we would never hit it again. Right next to the steakhouse is a take-a-way pizza and french fries place. The pizza is not like American pizza. Don't expect a lot of toppings. It also tasted very buttery to us. I think the cheese made it taste that way. The Europeans seemed to enjoy it. The buffet at the Beach was not bad. Chicken is fixed in several different ways and was always good. Breakfast was pretty boring for me as I don't eat eggs so I had a week of fruit and pancakes. There is a beachside restaurant called La Uva at the Golf Hotel that is quite good. Tables are in the sand on the beach and it is only open for lunch. The Casino Hotel's buffet was good for pasta.DRINKThe vodka and rum is watered down quite a bit. Make sure you request liquor in your drink if asking for a specialty drink. We tipped the bartenders and waitresses at the bars $1 about every other time we ordered and always got good service. In fact, the bartenders would wait on us first even though we were not first in line.LANGUAGEWe didn't have a problem even though neither of us speak Spanish. If you know the words for please, thankyou and bathroom, you will do fine.SIDE TRIPSThe Caribbean Festival was OK. You snorkel with stingrays and nurse sharks in an enclosure about 1/2 mile out in front of the hotel. The staff on the boat try to involve everyone in the festivities.Maniti Park was so-so. If you have ever been to Busch Gardens or Sea World, this will really be a bust for you. You are kind of trapped there for about 4 hours. Even though the tour booking people say that a bus runs on the hour, it doesn't, so you may as well see all the shows the park offers. Bring a bottle of water as it is $2 per small bottle at the park. We did an all day excursion on a open sided vehicle that took us to a sugar cane plantation, through rice paddies, into the mountains, visit a typical school and home and ended up at a beach for horseback riding and lunch. This was a good side trip as you got to see something outside of the tourist area. Bring pencils, pens, etc. for the kids. There are hundreds of kids everywhere and they all beg.OVERALL EXPERIENCEIf you want a relaxing week on a beach with many different restaurants available, this is the place for you. If you love to shop, this is not the place for you.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>horrible hotel This place is disgusting. If your idea of being trapped in a motel 6 on a tropical island with food so bad that you wouldn't feed it to your dog is your idea of a vacation than go for it! Otherwise run as far and as fast as you can! The staff was extremely rude, very few of whom spoke any english. we never once saw a staff person smile on our entire trip. They are exhausted, unhappy and most likely underpaid. The rooms are an abomination! Peeling paint, broken fixtures and so small that you have to walk sideways to pass between the bureau and the bed. There are no king size beds! Only two full beds pushed together. Even if the price is rock bottom do not come here. Fill a plastic pool in your back yard with cold water and sit in it. You'll have a better time and spare yourself the food sickness!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>auburndmbfan
<Content>As expected, wonderful time I had read a ton about D.R. and Barcelo Bavaro Beach before making my trip there a few weeks ago, so I knew exactly what to expect. However, I noticed some things that were contrary to what I read her, and figured I'd share my opinion as well. Hope it helps.My wife and I were there for 10 nights beginning January 27. we arrived in the late afternoon, using VIP Travel through United Vacations. We're Americans, and I speak Spanish well enough to communicate fairly well, but not fluently.Getting into the country was no problem, and our bus was ready and waiting. we were taken to the front door of the hotel and dropped of. The weather for our entire trip was nice, the water was chilly but not uncomfortable.The hotel was as expected. In American terms, I'd say it was 3 stars. Everything is open air, the only doors that really close are those to the rooms. The rooms were quaint, clean, and mosquito-free. We saw about 20 mosquitoes the entire time. We were on chloroquine just in case. The mini-bar was a small refridgerator. They supplied 2 beers and 4 or 5 sodas, and water. Not exactly a bar in my book, but it was nice to have.The staff spoke modest English at the front desk, and we were checked in with no problems. However, away from the front desk, no English was spoken unless they were selling something. Meaning, beach vendors spoke it, but no one else - waiters, maids, maintenance...The food is definitely geared toward Europeans. While there was some American fare, it wasn't very good. We stuck mostly to the Pasta bars in the buffets, and the Mexican restaurant. Contrary to what others have said about it, I thought the mexican restaurant was the best on throughout the whole resort. We did not venture to the Palace for meals. there's no way it was so much better than the others to warrant the extra $40 or $60 (for two people).The pizza at the take-away window was mediocre at best, and the fries were always soggy. Overall, the food was the biggest dissappointment, although I expected it. However, when we ate off the resort on excursions, the Dominican food was outstanding!As I said, I speak some Spanish, so I had little trouble communicating, especially shopping at the flea market or off the resort on excursions. However, if you don't speak English OR Spanish, you could have serious problems, and we saw people there that spoke neither. obviously, if you're reading this you know English. Learn the basics in Spanish, but don't try to pretend to them that you speak spanish because you can say Hola. that will insult them and make you look foolish.We took 3 excursions - Samana, to see the whales, the Monster Truck, and 4-wheeling. We also did scuba diving there at the resort. I highly recommend getting off the resort at least once, no matter how short your stay. And when you go, take school supplies. Bring them from home. the kids truly do love it. plus, it will be cheaper than buying them there - and you'll want to give them something, trust me. they're adorable and pitiful at the same time, but all seemed extremely happy.some have complained about maintenance. I have two stories about that. We lost our hot water on the 5th day. We called the front desk, and they were knocking at our door literally within 3 minutes. they did their thing and it was working shortly thereafter. Later that night, we received a phone call from Guest Services, checking to see whether our problem was fixed in a satisfactory manner. Later in the week, we had a horrid smell coming from the room which separates our bathroom from the room next door. We called guest services again, but we were going to be in Samana that day, so we could not be there to meet them. they acted as if they would prefer that we were there, but to check in when we got back, that they would look it over while we were out. They offered to allow us to change rooms. We only had 2 days left out of 11, so we said we were not interested. Upon our return, the smell was gone, and we got another courtesy call that evening to ensure we were happy.The shows are a lot of fun, the casino is small but still has most everything (no craps!).There are PLENTY of chairs on the beach, but some are better than others, with adjustable backs. Get out there before 9AM to reserve those. otherwise, you'll be stuck with the fixed back chairs.We never sat at the pool, but it seemed the best chairs were indeed taken very early in the morning. But there are pools everywhere in the world, but the Dominican Beach is only on the beach. So go to the beach.Be prepared for the topless women on the beach, of course, but ALSO be prepared for the topless heavy women who are old enough to be your grandmother (I'm 30). Even worse, be prepared for the very heavy, beer-belly German men with the banana-hammocks. and thongs. on men.Advice? Take lots of cash - USD - take 20% more than you think you'll need. It still probably won't be enough, but you want to avoid if at all possible using pesos, which are what the ATMs will give you of course. the exchange rate will kill you when you're ready to go. Everyone accepts USD. there are a couple of ATM machines on the resort, but they tend to run out of money every single day.Take hand sanitizer.Get off the resort!Relax and enjoy yourself. The Dominican people are truly happy you're there, and they show it (except for the wait staff in the buffets.)  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>plump2263
<Content>Bring presents  My husband  7 year old son stayed at the Barcello Bavaro Beach Hotel for 7 days. January 28 - February 4/ 2005 very windy! We found the entire complex a little too large  overwhelming to be honest, we were disenachanted with the small size of the room  found the smoking in the buffet  evening shows un-bearable. On the positive side we found the staff when greeted with a big smile  good attitude picked up your 'vibe'  were most accomodating. A nice touch was the complimentary newspaper, we were told you had to pay for the mini-golf which stated inthe brochure was complimentary....so as always its a hitmiss. I'm searching for an allinclusive holiday which will finally end this scenario where I can vacation year after year  know what to expect. I wish they would keep their butter on ice as I found the soft butter - gross. The pool is very small  would recommend the caribe's pool as it was massive. Bring a pillow for the beach as the lounge chair do not go upright. Bring pails/shovels etc for the beach as their not available. In lieu of tips I brought little toys 10 in a bundle  put them in a baggie  gave these out to the staff....which were very well rec'd - didn't cost me anything  their smiles in appreciation were worth their weight in gold! Good value overall for your money....   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>awsome my girlfriend and I stayed at the beach hotel during summer.. and we LOVED it. room was good enough to live with, the food was also good... it wasn't high season so we dined at a lacarte every lunch and dinner.. grill leuva was BEYOND words... 5 resorts at your reach, free golf, alot of food, AWSOME water ... garden resort has a very private beach... over all it was a VERY positive exprience all around, from workers, to the club to food, water, the place, everything... don't miss out boys :)  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>unionportgirl
<Content>Beautiful We just returned from a 5 night stay at the Beach Hotel. Our experience was wonderful. I had read some negative reviews before going and I was apprehensive to say the least. The grounds are beautiful and well maintained. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Food was good, although sometimes prepared in a different manner than we do in the USA. The variety of food was excellent and service always very attentive. Drinks kept flowing and with liquor! The rooms were a nice size with a lovely balcony. A colorful bedspread may have added to the decor. The only negative (although small) was that the towels were more like rough bathmats and the bathmats were only big enough for your two feet. The maid service kept the rooms very clean and the in-room frig was kept well stocked. A small tip every day is very much appreciated for the hard working staff. The Beach Hotel is very active. We visited the Golf and Casino Hotels and used the facilities there. It was quieter there and more suited to our age group. For action, we went back to the Beach. We took the Jurassic Safari excursion and had a great day learning about the culture of the Dominican people. We used Hotelbeds for our transportation to and from the airport. It was very convenient. Our Hotelbeds rep, Nollie, gave us lots of useful information and was very freindly. We are definately looking forward to going back to this resort. I would recommend it for a great vacation.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful My boyfriend and I Just got back Jan 17th. This was the best all inclusive resort I have ever been too. Even thought it is a 4 star hotel I thought It should be atleast a 5 star. The food was great, the staff was great, the beach was pretty. The only thing I would change is maybe teach the staff some basic English. Even though the guests are from all over the world, english seems to be the common language that everyone speaks to the staff, and believe me there was more than on occasion I ordered a martini and got a mudslide. Besides that I would recomend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I had a blast My boyfriend and I went to Barcelo Bravaro Hotel in DR and had a BALL! The hotel staff were very friendly and our room was spic and span clean. If anyone posts anything negative in any aspect of this hotel complex they are definitely giving you inaccurate information. Please believe me when I say every day was different and an adventure. We met this darling couple there STEVE AND SAMANTHA and enjoyed each others company. I must say we where happy to see the occassional Black person there because we were starting to feel like we were the only ones there. All and all I would go back again and again and again! Of all the islands I've gone to this is my favorite!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I want to go back to the Paradise! It was the best place I have ever been to in the Carribean! I love the dance contest! It was so much fun. A great getaway with the one I love! I love you Willy!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Beautiful Facade disguised the dismal week ...... awaiting our family of 5. We were impressed by the beautiful lobby area , with it's gleaming marble floors and wicker furnishings. Wonderful pools surrounding the main dining area are filled with Chiclid fish ( and several native birds eating them for your entertainment), but that's were it ended. After a 6 block walk to our room, and another 4 block walk to the beach, we knew we would be kept in shape without visiting the workout room, which is very small considering the size of the resort and the sheer numbers staying there. Food offerings only continued to dissapoint as the main buffet was a disaster,with very little if anything offered in the way of Carribean style food, and only one fresh seafood being served daily ( varying from extremely bony fish to the life threatening warm water? lobster served at the Christmas Eve dinner which sent my wife to the lavoratory within 5 minutes and to bed for the rest of the evening.) If steam trays of limp hot dogs, hamburgers , overcooked poached eggs and the like is your idea of edible fare , then this place is right up your alley. The weekly beach dinner was even scarier with trays of mussels sitting in 75 degree weather without even ice to cool. There is another restaurant situated between the beach and the swimming pool where similar fare was offered, and unfortunately swim wear is not allowed. The bavaro also has 4 Gourmet restaurants which require advance reservations. Try the Japanese if you care to find the Barcelo Bavaro's interpretation of Sushi , fried rice and 3 other poor impersonations. The French was a little better, they had the rude French part down pat, with plates being removed from the table while others in our party were still eating, and we came away with a distinct feeling of being rushed through, although the place was half filled. The chilled wine awaiting us at the table was a nice touch, but after choosing it was whisked away and we were served partially emptied bottles from other tables. The main pool was very nice , clean  well maintained , but we found it hard to relax as the staff was constantly featuring a daily activity in the immediate area over a loudspeaker drowning out any chance of relaxation. Our rooms were relatively clean with the exception of the occasional lizard, German brown cockroach, and mosquitoes. As the sliding doors were without screens, there was no chance of a cool tropic breeze at night, unless your enjoy playing the lottery with the recent outbreak of Malaria listed on the CDC website of outbreaks at Punta Cana resorts in the past month.The staff was mostly cold and in some cases downright rude , especially the ground keepers on the golf carts riding on the same paths as pedestrian guests giving no quarter. After a few days we did notice that each patron was issued a colored wristband indicating his country of origin, and we turned ours over to reveal only white, which lowered the amount of time we were ignored, especially at the bar . Speaking fluent Spanish here is definately a must. It seemed the staff were insulted by use of anything else , which is interesting as the Bavaro's Logo is in English. We took 2 tours the Outback tour to the inland($85.00 per person), which was quite informative and a good time, trails were rough and through mountainous regions, while the other was a combined Catamaran/Speed boat ride to an island ($85.00 per person), which was quite beautiful, only to end on a rough note when our guide had to physically wrestle the command of an open cigarette style boat w/ twin 200 H.P. Yamaha outboards away from an obviously drunken Capitian. The main feature of this tour was a stop a starfish pool which lasted 10 minutes of an 8 hour day. At least we arrived back safely. We also went scuba diving($85.00 per person), and this was the absolute highlite our the week and I would highly recommend. Snorkeling at the beach on the other hand left one of our group severely stung by a jelly fish , which is not the resort's fault , but on the other hand we did not appreciate the water sports attendant disdaneful lack of interest in our parties mishap.We left this all-inclusive resort with the distinct impression that they had got our money and were out to get more, with many hidden charges occuring throughout the week.At least we did not stay in Phuket .  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jannette24
<Content>Great place. The best thing is the disco! I went last summer and I really enjoy my experience there. The food was not very good but the problem is that our diet is different to Dominican people cooking. The Disco is excellent full of young people, beverages all the night, and believe me I have been four times in Dominican Republic in four different all inclusive resorts and the Barcelo Bavaro Disco is the only one that stays open until 5:00A.M. The beach is clean and beautiful. Another thing since this is a complex of four hotels you have to ask to your travel agent to be sure to place you in the Beach or Palace hotel to be near the beach although these two hotels are more expensive than the Golf and Casino hotels.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>xmas vacation We arrived December 19-26, 2004. We flew from Toronto, Canada which was suppose to be a direct flight only to discover at the airport that we were delayed because we had to drop off passengers in Puetro Plata, with an layover. Once we arrived in Punta Cana the trip to the hotel was smooth. Check in was also smooth. Rooms:When we first arrived, there was a musty smell to the room, after the first day it seems to vanish. Our only complaint here was the beds were extremely hard, and the maid service failed to bring us 4 towel everyday. We needed to get extra towels everyday! The fridge was stocked with Sprite and Coca Cola and beer and water. The safe worked great. When we had any problems with the room, they responed promply. We did take bug spray with us and sprayed the room as there are mesquitos in the rooms. Beach:The beach is absolutely excellent. The beach is cleaned twice a day from what we seen. There were plently of beach chairs and no need to go first thing in the morning to reserve a chair. The water sports are excellent and the condition of the equipment is great. We didn't have a problem when we wanted to go for a ride in the paddle boats or the kayaks. There were plently of them! Walking along the beach was picture perfect and we are able to collect some small shells in the water.Pool:The kids enjoyed the pool and the games the kids club provided such as water polo. The pool was crystal clear and cool.Grounds:The grounds were decorated with the lights for the Xmas spirit. The grounds are clean and well maintained. I didn't find alot of flowers at this resort, there were flowered bushed along side of the walkways.Food:The food was okay, we managed to eat something at everymeal that agreed with us. No one got sick! We just found that the selection was minimal. We liked the Mexican, Steakhouse, and the Ambar. We went one night to the buffet at the Casino, but found the same food, but the atmosphere was nicer.Entertainment:No problems here!! It was great everynight they had Kids Mini disco, followed but a variety of shows. We were impressed at the staff.Bars:There was really no problem here. If you wanted alcohol in your drink, you should ask for it otherwise depending on who is making them does not include it. Casino:We went one night to it. Very big slection of slot machines, and alot of blackjack tables. Nice atmosphere.Transportation:There is a train that goes frequently to the other sections of the resort. It is a nice ride.Shopping:The best shopping was at the beach beside the water sports complex, next to the Steakhouse. You can still bargin with the guy. At the end of the complex after the Palace, there is a market with a multitude of vendors there. Beware that they will hound you to visit there area. Not a good place to just browse around. Had to leave as it got to much! The hotel also has shops in it, but wou will find a better bargain at the beach!Finally, I want to say that we would return to this resort again! The kids had a great time, and we didn't have to worry about them! This was their xmas vacation as well.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Miss a lot After the terrible disaster in Asia i remember in Sept. 1998 the Hurricane George in Rep. Dom. i was with my wife at the hotel Bavaro Beach and we are so well treated that we have only good remembers of the hotel and all the staff. We miss the smile麓s , we miss the simpaty, we miss the hospitality, We miss you all, see you soon.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful On my first trip to the Caribbean I was pleasantly surprised with this resort. The selection at the restaurants was incredible, and the food was fantastic. The staff were all very friendly and quite a few of them fluent in English. I went on this trip with 48 people, part of my graduating class. As we were there to party, we had an incredible time. I would think it's definitely a place for the younger crowd, whether there for a party or a romantic getaway, the staff there is willing to help you in whatever your needs may be to make your stay more comfortable. I would definitely reccommend this resort, and I strongly urge everyone to check it out.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Never Return to this Resort We just returned from this resort on 12/5/04. This was our 3rd trip to the DR. While we will return to the DR, it will never be to the Ocean Village Beach Resort. This was the worst managed hotel at which we have ever stayed  we both have traveled extensively throughout the Caribbean, Mexico  Eurpoe. It was extremely noisy, (we went to rest  relax not party),  the worst trained staff at a resort we've ever seen. We had our room changed from #4106, (so loud you couldn't even watch TV from 5pm to 11:15), to #3103 which I would recommend since it was very quiet  steps away from pool, restaurant, front desk  bar. Despite this central location, it was very quiet. The beach was, when we finally got to it, was then another long walk to the water area. There is a shuttle to take you to the beach  we took that 2x. Once we waited about 10 min for it to leave; the 2nd time we waited 25 min for it to leave. We were never able to take it back to the lobby since after waiting for it for a looong time, we decided it was easier to walk. We found it necessary to sit on the extreme left as you face the beach or we would have listened to non-stop music, yelling, etc. Even in this location, there was a non-stop plethora of motor boats, etc. I had read that snorkeling was possible right off shore. Were I a fish, I wouldn't have gone w/in miles of this beach! If I could smell the gasoline on the beach I have to assume the fish can in the water. If you want a comfortable beach lounge chair, you must claim it by 8am. Otherwise you're relagated to a hard lounger with no cushion and good luck finding even one of them by 10am. I found half the staff to be almost rude if not downright rude or disrespectful. The other half I did find very gracious but.... We found the food OK, not terrific but ok. This was about was we expected anyway so no biggie. Our biggest complaint would be that the staff seems to have no regard for the guests. Chambermaids yell to each other from floor to floor; building to building. Groundskeepers were yelling to each other at 7am. Bartenders were disrespectful. Staff members hired to entertain don't seem to realize that not everyone needs, or wants, to be entertained 24/7's. For those we do not, it was impossible to remove yourself from the noise of entertainment. After being tired of listening to noise and motoboats on the beach, (and I'm a beachaholic), the pool was then loud with constant whistle blowing, loud music, etc. More often than not it was just easier to return to our room for some quiet - after politely asking the chambermaids to stop yelling. At other resorts at which we stayed, we found it easy to remove ourselves from the entertainment/noise factor  were always able to find comfortable lounge chairs on the beach  were always treated w/respect by staff members.  Ending on a positive note: Front desk staff were wonderful. The beach is beautiful w/flour type sand. Rooms were adequate  cleaned well each day. Recommdations: Stay at a Riu or Iberostar.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful...outside My husband and I went to Bavaro Beach for our honeymoon and spent 2 full weeks there in Jan of '03. We couldn't have asked for better weather or more beautiful grounds. The view was breathtaking and the landscaping competed with the ocean for attention, however, this is where our dream come true ended. The staff was so rude it left us awestricken. Unless you spoke Spanish, they could care less about you, or your problems. We were placed in a room so far away we questioned whether or not we were still on the resort property. The ceiling in our bathroom leaked (a continuous trickle) of brown water all over the counter and on many personal belongings. After complaining twice, someone was finally sent to look at the problem only to make a bigger mess by tearing out the ceiling pannels...and leaving the mess for our maid to deal with the next morning. It took many more complaints and 2 more inspections before we were finally given a different room, but very reluctantly. The morning after our new room assignment we awoke to someone trying to force their way into our room. Apparently there was a misunderstanding at the front desk and a staff memeber was trying to open our room to bring new guests to their room. After unlocking our door and finding the chain hooked, the employee was reaching in trying to unhook the chain and come in...despite our verbal attempts to alert them to the room's occupancy. The food wasn't the best, to say the least, but my husband didn't mind it, so I won't complain too much. Other guests were also very rude, running us off pathways into bushes (this happened nearly everytime we passed someone) but I realize this isn't the fault of the resort. All in all, I guess the trip was enjoyable...if you never had to talk to anyone, or spend any amount of time in your room. On the bus back to the airport, nearly everyone else had the same impression of the resort as we did, although those who stayed in the Palace had the stay of their lives.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Looks like Paradise but stomaches beware So the food wasnt bad at the time we actually ate it, but a couple hours after our meals we always felt sick and often were sick. Our vegetarian friend was fine thorugh out the trip so we were thinking maybe it was the meats that made us sick. The views were terrrifici postcard perfect pictures and awesome weather when it didnt rain and when it rained it hurt, it was like bullets of rain and sand. We liked the variety of places to eat we could eat anywhere on the resort. Service wasnt the friendliest either. Me and another girl both spoke spanish so they were friendly to us but anyone who didnt speak spanish was dealt with quite rudely. Overall it was a good trip because you go on vacation for the beach and sun not the food and service entirely.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be sure of what you want I would like to set some people straight on here... I went to this resort 2 weeks after all the hurricanes hit i was there from october 3rd to october 10th. It was an amazing time NO we dit not find bugs in our room so i dont know what the lady was talking about and the walk from the villas to the beach is not that bad either. Come on lady of course its gonna take you a longer time with 2 babies... one of 1 year old and the other one 4. Even if we went and the discos was not working everything was fine and the offered us 1 dinner every night to a high class restaurant that usually is not all inclusive. They made one mistake with our room and took 2 days to resolv well because of that they felt sorry and gave us 1 bottle of rhum and a nice fruit basket that was delicious. I agree that the maids do not speak english but they are the only ones that dont and to be honest who do you spent most of your time talking to the maids or the waiters, think about that one. The beach was a bit damaged because of the hurricanes so it was not a crystal bleu because of it but there was a big crew working every day cleaning it. We made the decision to go back once everything if functionnal cause we had an awesome time over therethe atmosphere is friendly and warm. I speak french and english so i did not have a hard time to go by because most of them speaks either one or the other. By the way yes i did see a rat running in the hall way but you have to understand that the only roof they have is in your room and in the hall way everythingn is an open concept. Everybody was so nice and when we left they were all in the hall way waving bye. All i'm saying is that be sure of what you want out of your vacation depending on what agency you book with this is either a 3 or 4 star... so you get what you are looking for if you are a person that loves 5 stars and plus well of course you are going to be dissapointed cause you are use to people kissing your feet probably and every thing beeing perfect and this resort is more of a friendly family atmosphere. I would go back anytime since ive been back we are already putting money away to go back because we were promised a good rate for us and our kids so next time we go we wanna bring them. But anyways if you are going to bash something like this i dont understand why it was a beautifull place with lots of tours to go on and really fun too and lots of fish to see on the beach when you are snorkelling. It was an amazing time. And i would also like to add that the found was excellent if you dont like it well you have a problem cause for breakfast you could have what ever possible there is .. cereal, toast, pastery , eggs, scrambles, omelett, bacon, potatoes.. anything even fresh milkshakes, lunch and supper was the same thing too... i hope this will help people to actually go there cause it is worth seeing the sites are just unbelievable... and if you go dont forget to go do the X-treme buggy tour it is awesome.. i do have pics of that tour if anybody wants some to see what it was like email me.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was the best week ever It was the best week ever especially without my mom. the people were great and polite and very down to earth. I went to an island called saona and that was also something to see. It was beautiful. i fell in love with the beach. night life was fun. the discos were discoteca bavaro and discoteca-restaurante caribe (where the employees were) were excellent. i met people from all over the world and i can't wait to go back in december and visit my friends from the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful My family spent Mar.break 2004 at Barcello resort. Upon arrival with three small children I found my room to be very unacceptable, our bed had used sheets that smelled and were stained!! Imagine after travelling with a one year old who needed a nap. After complaining I was given new linens, that were thrown on my bed for me to change myself! as the maid giggled away. The staff is very rude, one day they are nice, the next they do not even get you a drink. Get your act together Mr. Barcello  Mr. Bavaro, you have a beautifull property that is going to waste. Your staff is miserable and take it out on the guests. I will never stay at a Barcello resort again or recomend it. All the attention and money is spent towards the Barcelo Palace ask anyone who has been.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing This hotel was a dump! The bathrooms were dirty, the pools weren't very clean, the beach chairs were broken, and there were live electrical fixtures hanging out for all to see/step on! The management is terrible. Guest satisfaction is not a priority. Our room had a pipe burst in our bathroom and flooded our entire room! Our clothing was wet and no one cared. We were not treated in a professional manner at all. I will never stay here again or recommend that anyone else does. We have vacationed many times in the Dominican Republic and had experiences that exceeded our expectations, between the hotel staff and the resort itself. This resort was an absolute disappointment. I'm just glad this was not our first experience in the DR, otherwise I would never go back. If you want to stay at a nice hotel try Iberostar or the Riu complexes. I highly recommend them.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>msyfun
<Content>ok at Barcelo Bavaro Beach We stayed here for 3 nights 10sep-13sep. Hotel was nice. Grounds were beatiful and well kept. Check in was good check in person was friendly and helpful. Room was very clean nice that there was no musty odor at all. refridge was stocked every day maybe it was the tipping or maybe they just stock them everyday. Walls were a little thin but when you have a bunch of drunk 20 yr olds pounding on each others doors til 4am you will have that. Bartenders were all good, some understood and some didn't. (I don't speak their language so it really never bother me). I thought the buffet food was bad.. not alot of selection and food was just not good. Although I had a great hambuger one day and next I could not even finish one bite. The Mexican and Steak House were both good the Mexican a little better. We ate 2 times a both places, food at Mexican was great both times, Steakhouse was good for lunch but at dinner it was hard to get someone to wait on us. I had to go outside to the bar to get water and drinks as it took awhile to get some to wait on us..this server was very poor in our eyes, as service before in the other places was good. Maybe he was having a bad night or maybe new. I really liked the Pizza for lunch.Beach was beatiful and ocean was very warm. Pool was fine also.Would I stay here again only if it was very very inexpense (almost free)  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cat.s
<Content>Good people, Good times! Just got back from the Bavaro Beach Resort on September 5. It was my second Dominican vacation  was just as amazing as the first. The whole resort consists of several smaller resorts all connected together. You have access to all other resorts except for the Palace (which was 5star). Although the Palace offered more free drinks, I highly recommend the Beach resort because their beaches were much more beautiful...plus...it's all inclusive...how many more drinks do you need? Staff: The staff was extremely friendly although alot of them spoke minimal english...but I guess I really didn't speak Spanish either so I'm half to blame. I recommend taking a little travel dictionary or brushing up on a little bit of common Spanish phrases before going. They offer a Spanish lesson everyday at 10:30, which was a huge help. Dominicans are pretty happy ppl. Everyone was always dancing and singing. Food: The food was pretty much what I expected from an all inclusive resort. I recommend taking some immodium or something for your stomach. The only thing I really enjoyed was the pizza (served all day until around 1am) and the lobster (@Steak house). It worked out though...I think we were all too full on drinks to care. Drinks: Drinks were really good...really strong. I especially enjoyed the Coco Loco,  Caparinha. If you meet 2 bartenders named Marcia and Lourdes, make sure you order an Apple Martini. It's amazing and they're the only 2 who know how to make it (plus William at the beach bar...but his is a little too strong). Bring a bunch of $1 bills. The bartenders/waitresses really appreciate any tips u can give, plus u get much better service. Activities: My day pretty much consisted of the gym in the morning, dance lessons at noon, and lying on the beach drinking. I heard some ppl complaining that the animation crew wasn't providing enough activites. If you're there to be active, my advice would be to take matters into your own hands and maybe check out some excursions or water sports. For nightlife, they have shows everyday around 10. There鈥檚 also a Tropicalisma show at the Casino hotel that you have to book in advance, but everyone I talked to that went said they left halfway through. I wasn't too into the dancing/singing but they had times where they brought up tourists and basically made them do humiliating things. It's pretty entertaining if you're in the audience (I accidentally volunteered once). Nightlife: Afterwards, there are 2 discos: 1 latin, and 1 American. Supposedly the Beach discos are the best among all the other resorts. The American one was pretty big...the music varied between reggaeton (reggae latin mix)  a little older hiphop. Tips: Bring alot of small american bills if you want to tip or shop. The front desk usually only gives pesos for change and the exchange rate is 34 pesos instead of the actual 42. Also, if you're going to buy souvenirs, don't accept anything more than 1/3 of the price...they really try to rip u off. Be prepared and take anything you think you might possibly need (lotion, aloe, bugspray). A bottle of bugspray was $30 at the resort! There's a flea market just outside of the resort where u can get good deals, but ppl are extremely pushy and it's a little scary. It鈥檚 still worth checking out, just don鈥檛 go alone. I鈥檓 21 and I went w/my brother whose 22. There was a lot of ppl our age on the resort so even though we split up most of the time, we met enough ppl that we were never alone. All in all, it was a pretty good trip. If there's anything you want to know, just ask: bigcitykitty@hotmail.com P.S. I'd like to give a shout out to Juan, Marcia  Lourdes...good ppl, good times!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WheelingWVMarty
<Content>A terrific week A terrific week for my wife, my 13 y.o. son, his buddy and myself, week of 8/16-8/13. A bit overwhelming at first, as you have privileges at sister resorts in the same compound.Room: Adequate for two, however we booked a 2nd for the boys upon arrival and had beachfront side-by-side accomodations. A bit dated, but clean as a whistle and comfortable. Hint 1: tip the cleaning person a buck or 2. Better service, more soaps, etc. Hint #2: a couple bucks in the fridge gets you heavily stocked with beer and pop.Pool: Beautiful, clean and they actually mop the pool deck, not hose it down. Reserve your favorite chair location early by placing a towel on it. Beach: Beautiful. See it to believe it.Amenities: Dive shop, snorkelling, etc. Bars everywhere.Food: Pretty much not air conditioned. Food is o.k., but beef is terrible everywhere, but I think it's the raising of the cattle not the preparation. Sandwiches and pizza available all the time. Meals are good; salads great.Liquor: Plenty of it, but only one beer Presidente. Reminds me of Amstel. Pretty good; very refreshing.Security: We turned the boys loose on the compound and they never had a problem. Family oriented, they made friends from both England and France and we didn't worry about them. The sister resorts all offer various slightly different amenities. Contrary to what you read, long pants for men are only required in a couple of restaurants, walk shorts for dinner is ok and that's good cause, IT IS HOT!I will definitely return and the boys want to go again next year.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One Unforgettable Week in Punta Cana The first week in August, my girlfriend and I spent a week in Punta Cana at the Barcelo Beach Resort and had the time of our lives. As twentysomethings, we were looking for a destination to most importantly offer relaxation, and also have the option to let loose and party now and then - and that's exactly what we got here. The Barcelo Beach hotel is amongst a complex of other Barcelo hotels (The Palace, The Golf, The Casino, and the Caribe), all of which we had ammenities access to except the palace (as it is the 5-star exclusive amongst the complex). All locations were easily accessible and made certain that there was always somewhere to go and something new to do (or eat). Although wonderful in general, our stay was not without a few setbacks. First off, the clerical skills of the hotel is poor, as the safe in our room was broken and they had little idea how to properly handle the situation. Eventually after numerous requests to have the safe fixed (as we did not want to carry our valuables everywhere), we were moved to a new room on the second day. The rooms are adequate, but not at all luxurious. But then again, most time was spent outdoors. Also, after being bit by a little crab in a small weedy patch of the beach, they were unable to provide my girlfriend with a band-aid at the first-aid hut, only to tell us that we had to go buy one from the pharmacia as they were out. Secondly (and this one may be my fault, here), the food upset my digestive system as of day three, which would linger throughout the remainder of the week. although there is plenty of variety of food at the various restaurants and it was usually delicious, my North American stomache was not prepared for it. My advice? bring Immodium, and avoid the Italian restaurant - as the food and service was horrible. Once we were properly settled in, the fun really began. The beach is breathtaking. It is usually inhabited by more Europeans than the North Americans, who seemed to prefer hanging at the pool, which may be due to the fact that many European women opted to go topless, which may offend some. Sandy-white beaches, plenty of chairs to lounge on, and beach-front bars accessible for the odd drink or two. Or ten. Drinks are always accessible, I do however, regret having mine with ice. Their Cervesa (beer) is a smooth pilsner called Presidente. which was very refreshing. My girlfriend enjoyed a multitude of mixed-drink concoctions. I strongly reccomend the coral reef snorkelling (only $13 US extra), as having thousands of tropical fish eating stale bread out of the palm of your hand was an unforgettable experience for the two of us. The employees here are very hand-working and pleasant. Most cannot speak an ounce of English, but still pleasant and hard-working. Language was a barrier occasionally, but if you really try, and pick up a Lonely Traveller translator book, you can easily get by and it is also rewarding when you can communicate in THEIR tongue. After all, it is their island, so make the effort, it's worth it - especially at the bar. As for tipping - leave 'em a buck here and there, and they're your new best friend. It tipped alot because it felt great to see the smiles on their faces and know what they have to face when they leave work to go home - the Adventure Tour we took brought us into the towns and villages and demonstated that the Domincan people are often living in squalor, but still appear to be very relaxed and usually enjoying what they do have. One thing I really enjoyed was the haggling I was able to do in the markets for items like cigars and rum (ron). As the tourist, you must assert yourself and know when to say no por favor, and when to haggle them down to a price YOU want to pay. Although they see you as a walking dollar bill, you've got they upper hand because they all will beat the other guy's price to get your business. My girlfriend and I walked away with some steal-of-a-deals. whatch out for the counterfiet cigars, too. Nightlife was always what we made of it. they had two Discotecas, one playing Latin and American musica (where all the tourists hung out, usually the very young ones) and one playing only the Latin musica (where all the employees and some tourists would hang out). Both were fun for throwing on our best (and most revealing) attire and bustin' it out on the dancefloor. The weather was great, as we had one rainy day (our Adventure tour day), and then rain right when we were about to leave, which made leaving somewhat easier, but still hard, as we wanted to stay longer. The Barcelo Resorts appears to draw in people of all ages, as we easily managed to meet people and strike up conversation at the pool, on the beach, at the shows and so on. The shows are fun too, which are running every night and demonstate the incredible dancing capacity of the Dominican people (the girlfriend and I were pulled up onstage the first night and had a ball dancing infront of a crowd of over 500 people at our resort. Go see the Tropicalissimo show at the Casino resort, which is their premier show (you have to book in advance, though). All in all, it was One Unforgettable Week at the Barcelo Beach Resort in the Dominican Republic, and I highly reccomend it to any traveller who needs a tropical escape from the everyday. Keep in mind however, that your time is what you make of it. Hopefully my review is of help.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful place, lousy food My husband and I just came back from punta cana and the place was breath-taking. service was wonderful and the place was clean. however, we did not eat much besides pizza and pineapple. We never seen lobster on the beach, and the steak was terrible. The italian tasted like canned food, the buffet was lousy and that means all the buffets were terrible. If they improved the quality of the food and cut down on the quantity it wood have been better  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OUTSTANDING VACATION I just returned from an eight day vacation at the Barcelo Beach Resort. The rooms were ok, but then again we left the room at 8:30 a.m. and returned at 7:00 p.m. to shower and go out...so actually WHO CARES. The resort is fabulous, I traveled with one teenager and two young adults and there was something for everyone. The beaches were clean and extremely relaxing. The food was ok, as long as you knew what to eat, it was actually great. The Staff were very accommodating, except a few were a little curt as they did not know the English language, but the point always came across. JUST A WONDERFUL VACATION!! I wish we went for a longer stay!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

